Stolik chuckled; his men followed suit. Typical Jew behavior, he thought – trying to dodge out of a tough situation. “And be robbed of your fine introduction of this no-doubt powerful and respectable old man?”
Towards the very end, the things Mr. Fujimura says about the church, grace, fatherhood...it will "school" you, if you allow it to. If you are very short on time, bump the video up to about the 11 minute mark, and watch from there.
Finish Pimpelliese, knit the Westknit’s Mystery Shawl, keeping up with clues as published, clue 1 posted and finished yesterday
Released 2011
One shade the more, one ray the less,
They say that good things come to those who wait! Well, I definitely am a believer of that philosophy! I am just too excited to announce that I have been asked to join the JustRite Stampers Design Team and I couldn't be more tickled pink! I just love their stamps and have been designing with them for quite a while. I love the versatility of their product and can't wait to show you more fabulous projects and designs.
And this cannot be mitigated by the recognition that Prof. MacDonald’s chief enemies, the ADL, SPLC et al. are themselves deluded, defamatory, meretricious and repulsive.
Total Preparation Time approximately 10 minutes.
TO MAKE COOKIES: Drop by tablespoonfuls onto a parchment or silpat lined baking sheet. If you do not choose to line your baking sheets, grease them very well. Slightly flatten the cookie dough to keep the cookies level. Bake for about 10 minutes, until the cookies turn golden brown. Let them cool on the sheets for at least 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack.
2 black
There is also a section of the video when David is asked what makes him sad which I find particularly interesting. David is asked what makes him happy and sad and he comes out with wide clichéd answers, ‘war’ makes him sad, ‘children laughing’ makes him happy, and then proceeds to explain that he knows what makes humans tick and therefore can integrate with them perfectly. I cannot help but feel, however, that communicating with him would be like communicating with Google; it knows what you like and some of your habits but it doesn’t know you. I see that the lack of emotion and ability to individualise people would become a problem and I hope it is a major theme in the movie.
1) Story Telling Workshop with Jerry Pinto, Journalist and Author on Saturday, May 12, 2012 (11 am to 1 pm) Ages - 5 to 10 years
The throat chakra also relates to our self power in terms of communication and expression. So if you are not feeling heard or taken seriously, ask the angels to help you so that you can begin to feel more confident, accepted and at ease to speak and express your truth to all in loving and open ways. Remember no one can squelch your power in truth so don’t let the illusion of certain people or society in general whom you perceive to be ‘controlling you’ get you down. Do not accept that as the truth. As you begin to feel better you will be able to bring back your own power. But it is also up to YOU to pick yourself up.
Random bits of flotsam and jetsom
Click on the image below to download, and leave some love if you like my work
Before the money got a chance to exchange hands, the sales associate came from the back with a concerned look on her face. She came up to me and said "I don't know if it will make a difference but I just felt I needed to let you know that someone from your school has also bought this dress. I saw it back there in alterations."
Please leave a comment and let me know what ya think!
China’s solar- and wind-power industries are also taking center stage. The country will become the world’s largest market for renewable-energy technology, and it already has some of the sector’s biggest companies, providing critical components for the industry globally. Chinese companies not only enjoy scale advantages but also, in the case of solar, use new manufacturing techniques to improve the efficiency of solar panels.
Sheba was known to be beautiful (despite her ankle and leg), intelligent, understanding, resourceful, and adventurous. A gracious queen, she had a melodious voice and was an eloquent speaker. Excelling in public relations and international diplomacy, she was a also competent ruler." (source)
Wednesday 28th December - another outfit I can finally fit back into to! As my son would say, "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!" I really like this outfit because it feels a bit more fun and fresh compared to what I usually wear, and I love the mix of the neutral colours - its not too far out of my comfort zone, but is jazzier than all black.
“I should go and take a shower then…” I made one final look at everything and made sure it was fine and then went to bathroom and took shower.
For my after school tutoring group, I made an individualized Rapid Automatic Naming (RAN) Board for each child to work on. If you are unfamiliar with these RAN boards, they are charts that can be used to practice any items that need to be memorized, such as letters, shapes, numbers, or words. The basic idea is that you need to limit the number of items on the board to just few, and repeat them over and over. Then the child practices reading the entire chart as fast as he or she possibly can. It is really the equivalent of giving the child a stack of flash cards, but with the same words or letters written several times on lots of different flash cards for lots of practice. So during my tutoring group, I had these children each try to find all of a certain letter on their RAN boards and color them all the same color. For example, find all of the lower case a’s and color them all red. Then find all of the lower case c’s and color them yellow. I am including one of these RAN boards for you here as a free download in Word format, so that you should be able to edit it yourself.
After slicing peppers and scallions, place the sesame oil in a medium high skillet and sauté until crisp tender. Continue to stir to help the peppers cook evenly.
bonzo would be so stoked on one, i just know.
There’ll be no more sobbin,’
It is my opinion that one major thing that separates the marketing abilities of these companies is something that is rarely talked about in business circles, but is a huge differentiator among organizations. It's the ability to recognize bullshit.
I prefer: Cut your losses. Or Know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. It's fitting that these two are both related to gambling. Because that is one area where it is actually respectable to know when to quit. As for anything else in life, "cutting your losses" might refer to the time you lose doing things that you aren't enjoying. And look at the hand you were dealt. Sometimes it makes more sense to fold.
Salt and pepper ( tons of peppercorn)
Carrie Ann: I was frustrated on another WIP and wanted to write about something I knew. I thought about Mel and Kade and wondered what they were up to. The whole thing came on pretty quickly.
Paul Engemann - Shannon's Eyes (Extended Version)
I’ve loved the fact that I knew I had a dear reader in Ireland and one in Canada as well.
I am not even kidding you. Every stinkin' bit of plumbing-related equipment in our house is having issues. It's lots of fun. Especially for the checkbook. And occasionally the plunger. To put it in perspective - take your mortgage, multiply it by three, and you'll get an idea of how much richer our local plumber is. Oy.
One of my favorite German dark lagers, puts the crap Shiner and many US brewers pump out to shame. Pours a deep raisin-like brown. paque-ish, with a nice light tan head that stays.
When my babies were about 7 or 8 months old I guess, my mother-in-law came by for a visit, and while she was here enjoying playing with the babies on their little play mat, she said, “How do you get anything done? If I were you, I’d just want to play with babies all day!” It was an affectionate comment…with an unintended consequence. I immediately had lots of doubts: “I don’t want to play with them all day. Does that mean I am too detached? Selfish? Would a normal parent want to play with their babies all day?“
Sam: I'll fix it.
As usual, Grandpa DooLittle and Uncle Virgil Hunnucutt were seated on discarded soapboxes at opposing positions around a good-sized pickle hogshead which sat on the front porch at the General Store, where upon they were deeply entangled in a heated yet seemingly eonion game of checkers ... Ansel Poteet Senior stood adjacent to the auld participants, along with the ever-stoic Wooden Indian, glancing occasionally with mild interest at the protracted match before them ... now as I've often touched on in the past, the immutable Uncle Virgil Hunnicutt was rumoured to be well above one hundred years of age and a near genius, dazzlingly skilled in any field with an astronomically immense IQ ... accordingly, due to his advanced age, the prodigious centenarian was all but totally deaf and nearly blind--in spite of his store-bought ear horns and Coke-bottle eye spectacles, however Virgil Hunnicutt was still the sharpest knife to be found in any drawer ... off in the distance one could hear the soothing albeit frenetic baying of hounds ... "Whooooa!" .. "Whooooa!!" ... "Whoooooooooa!!!" .. "Whoa!" ... hunting dogs most likely, growing manifestly louder and nearer by the minute ... the old gentlemen mused amongst themselves for a bit before thus determining that it certainly could not be a coon hunt this early in the day, nor a bear hunt this time of year, neither yet a rabbit nor a squirrel hunt, for either or usually entailed far less distance as to length of chase ... no this held the tune and hackles of a classic English fox hunt--almost.
I think ( a slight hesitation there) I enjoy the whole tea drinking experience and I am rather surprised that I have come around to this way of thinking. For years coffee was my only caffeine hit and I thought tea was for the elderly and the British. How silly was I. Tea is a great tradition the world over and an afternoon habit I now look forward to.
As a former Lieutenant, Junior Grade, in the U.S. Navy and a lifetime member of the Association of the United States Navy, I can confirm that military training forces those coming from different backgrounds to find common ground. Just as it was during the war of 1812, working together is essential to survival.
4. At the start of Cata, Blizzard said that shaman were a great example of what they wanted healing to be like .They liked our toolbox and our level of healing. How do you think this played out in Cataclysm?
It’s a fitting name for her; kitty-Xena has mad hops, just like the person-Xena. And she has a tendency to play-bite a lot, which I guess is something person-Xena would do if she were a cat. We’re trying to stop kitty-Xena from biting though, so far with only marginal success.
First off, please do not be fooled by the blog title, my Spanish-speaking abilities are absolutely horrendous. Probably should have reviewed Spanish for Dummies prior to coming here.
Our fabulous team have put together some gorgeous examples of what I am looking for so have a look and hope that it inspires you in the right direction.
Yet whenever suggestions are made for the lessening dangers to the players, whether it is through the limit of “head shots”, rules diminishing kickoffs, better equipment, etc., the reaction from both the fans and the players is that we are “pussifying” football. We have become the Roman citizens of ancient times, demanding more and more violence to satisfy our bloodlust, cheering huge hits that inflict lifelong damage to the players. And what is true of football is also true of boxing and MMA–the more gruesome the violence, the more we cheer, the more popular it becomes. Maybe “The Hunger Games” is not so unrealistic after all–just like in the book, we dress the players up in uniforms and unleash them to inflict carnal warfare on each other.
This could even fit into an ongoing series, but might lead to a Jump The Shark moment as the players feel like nothing that follows can top it. (Could you accept Scully rationalising things for another three or four years after The X Files movie with her being stuck in an alien birthing pod in a giant Gigery spaceship in the Arctic? Really?)
went looking for love
Our misunderstanding of true contentment is sometimes a mask for selfish living. “As long as I’m okay….what else matters?…I’m not going to get all dreamy and passionate about something that may cost me my comfort and ease” It is amazing how the truth of this passage has and can be so misunderstood and so limiting when God intended it to be liberating and elevating.
This is a cute little card that we made at the Black Friday Workshop. It uses the December Spotlight stamp sets and is just one of my favorites lately. If you'd like to make it, I am happy to teach it at a workshop of your own!
So basically I turn 29 this year and I want to enter my 30's at my goal weight, I've over half way there with a year to go... here's hoping. 1kg a month isn't too much to ask I think?
As I move closer towards the bough of the innovation process, without doubt the greatest challenge is how to turn ideas into action and therefore deliver innovation (not just creative ideas). I have facilitated so many workshops that have ended with enthusiasm, and buy-in to the ideas that have emerged yet three, six, nine months down the line hardly any progress has been made.
Conserving, I continued on, forcing my way in for some water at the next few aid stations.
This little bear will give you strength,
1 Kings 14:21
Her first twenty years in dancing are cocooned in the love of her parents, in the guidance of others, and astonishingly physical. She trusts her body and it generously responds to her spurring it. Too bad
If I had a near death experience, you’d think I’d know it. But, apparently I had one in December and was among to last to recognize it.
When someone mentions my father, I feel hate. I feel anger. I feel pain. I feel abandoned, and left. Most of all I feel nothing for him. All my life people have told me that our time on earth is too short, and that I should make amends with him. They tell me I will regret the lack of relationship, once he is gone. Gone? He has always been GONE. I'm angry that people put this responsibility on me.Where has he been?
Today I am tired. So tired. As my mind, nearly involuntarily, begins processing the past few days, snippets of memories are making me smile.
Universal Amphitheatre,
To realize how impressive the performance of Antifa is in this regard, consider what is presumably involved in setting up an illegal blockade of the type that apparently featured in Cologne. Let us assume either that there are no police in the area in question or that the police who are present are keeping their distance. We have then a road or some other similar area of passage that Antifa wish to curtail passage along. My own experience of blockading roads is, sadly, rather limited, but a few minutes’ reflection will make it clear that the task the Antifa set themselves in doing this is far from trivial.
Maisa: Why do you have to sacrifice your life?
Everyone must be thinking “oh she is having so much fun” and “how lucky she is to be in London” but all I can honestly say that I am feeling is a bit overwhelmed. The masses that are out your door every single moment, the difficulty in finding an apartment that isn’t a scam, and the panic that I may just not find a job all compounded by the fact that I am alone here. Yes I have some friends, but they have their lives to live, work to go to, responsibilities to meet. So it’s tough to always be on your own, out sightseeing or dining on some delicious food (who would guess there could be good food in Britain!?). It’s actually quite exhausting.
But it had been sitting too long.
And during all this, I got to meet my publicity person from Harper (through email and phone), who went over the marketing plans for the release. I got to fill out an author questionnaire to help them with their marketing efforts. I had taken an online marketing class to prepare for this, so I sent her what I’d done in class and she was thrilled. She asked me about local bookstores and events so she’d know what things to focus on.
Wait. A stock photo? Again? What are the odds that two agencies would simultaneously utilize this unfortunate strategy?
In addition to creating this card this weekend, I also completed next week's BBTB2 challenge project (which I cannot wait to share with you) and I used my YuDu and printed fall napkins. I will share more on the YuDu project tomorrow - and yes, I actually used the cricut to create the YuDu project!!
Greetings – Happy Saturday. We are pleased to have you join us for the Waltzingmouse Stamps Sketch Challenge. We work hard each and every week to bring you inspiration and enthusiasm for Waltzingmouse Stamps, and we hope that you will find our samples so inspiring that you will play along with us. Even if you have never participated before, we hope that you will want to play along.
For in my first hard springtime we were friends.
Continuing a schedule started in 1966 of touring the United States exactly every three years, the Stones played in a mixture of theatres, sometimes under a pseudonym, arenas, and stadiums, a practice that they would follow for many of their future tours as well. The tour was the first in which Charlie Watts used the famous Gretch drum set that he continues to play with the Stones to this day, as well as his first employment of a china cymbal as a crash and dropping the downbeat out of his hi-hat playing when hitting the snare drum, two unique techniques that he continues to employ today. The concerts featured backing vocals by Ronnie Wood and Keith Richards, something that the Stones would get away from beginning with their next tour when Keith handled the majority of the backing vocals himself.
As one of our entrees was taken up by a second helping of West Coast Oysters - the Brussel Sprouts with lemon puree, apricots, grapes, lemon air ($8 on regular menu) would be our second entree. This probably ranks among the top of my favorite dishes for the night - with its original combination of slightly bitter and crisp brussel sprout leaves with the sweet / citrus fruit elements, topped by a dramatic burst of 'lemon air' (foam). I've never really liked brussel sprouts - no, not a relic of childhood trauma, as my parents never served this veggie to us - but I have as an adult found it too bitter, and typical preparations (steamed whole) too dull. But this dish made me a convert - proving that brussel sprouts can be delicious, and exciting to serve!
Yet even if typos don’t ruin someone’s marriage and political career, they can give a fastidious writer a nasty headache. I have had my share of inflicted typos, although some are harmless enough and even a good source of laughter.
Watch interviews with our students and see what they have to say about it as they share their experience, their choices, inspirations and how the programme challenged them as professionals.
Ash Wednesday is almost upon me. The first day of Lent. A day to begin forty days of fasting. What for? What is the purpose of this? Self-deprivation. It's no fun. I face Lent each year with a kind of dread. Why do this to myself?
But it's where the transparency agenda is headed. Smart companies can jump on board, or risk ending up like Goldman Sachs: increasingly despised to the point where politicians will make life difficult for them because it will be expedient to do so.
“I’m way out of my league, I’d better just look for a cop nearby and get out of this lousy pit”, I said, looking for a ramp that would get me out of the river. I drove down the concrete river looking from side to side to find an exit out. I don’t know what came over me, you can call it exhaustion, maybe shock, but as I drove down the river I saw dark figures of dead men in tuxedos hanging from trees. Some of them looked like photographs of the victims they showed me at the police station. Contorted faces of strung-up millionaires flashed by me as I drove quickly down the river.
Many consumer products have been redesigned recently to be BPA-free, most famously those Nalgene water bottles. Nalgene was forced to make BPA-free bottles to stem a consumer backlash.
While in the mini dungeon, I was confronted by a chinese man of questionable intellect, or so I thought. In all actuality he was probably a professor at one of China’s best unis or a leader of the party.
Of being all alone
Nor does fury sound like bury.
Eduard Mörike was a clergyman, but sensitive to pagan nature spirits, and to irony. So he imagines a girl plucking violets for a wreath which will wither on the altar. "Ach dort, von Trauermelodieen trunken, und süß betäubt von schweren Weihrauchdüften, sucht sie den Bräutigam in Todesgrüften, und Lieb' und Frühling, Alles ist versunken!"
And you will love this child no matter what.
really excited for your next stop
When RA patients suffer a flare—which is an escalation of the symptoms of the disease, often resulting in a surge of additional pain, inflammation and in some cases—deformity and disease progression, striving for courage to endure requires a whole new level of inner strength and perseverance. An RA patient does not know the outcome of such an ordeal; sometimes it can be downright scary.
Now I’m onto CBS Sunday Morning. As mentioned above, I haven’t had time to sit back and watch the full show. I just get the first 20 minutes. I love the first five minutes, where they do a video clip overview of the news and then they get right into it. But they care far too much about politics. I know it’s an election year but do we really need to do a 10-minute talk about either Romney or Santorum every morning. I’m over that.
Now let's start with the fact that I am terrible at doing nothing. I am like a machine; I'm either on or off. Relaxing irritates me and I feel as though I should be 'doing things' especially when I'm visiting a new country. However, in this quaint little village of Malcesine you're either a mountain biker (no I'm not) or on a go slow. So, as I lay by the pool in the scorching heat listening to some R&B on my iPad I figured that it was time for me to embrace the art of doing nothing. I think the Dalai Lama would be pleased with this. However, I found It very difficult to still my mind. As I gazed at the mountains I wondered whether I should be climbing one but they looked very high. Plus even breathing in and out was proving an effort and my kitten heels and wedges weren't really appropriate footwear. Not even my converse would make it up those rugged hillsides. So I lay still trying to master the model like ways of looking like a magazine cover girl in my bikini which is very difficult when you're on the verge of melting, your sunglasses are burning your cheeks and bizarre looking insects are landing on your toes. I was very tired though; there's something about this place that puts you into a zombified coma. I managed 2 hours of relative stillness before retreating to the shade for a nice cuppa. The problem was that I was so tired and relaxed I forgot to open my mouth to sip my tea and poured it all down my front. How insane! Decided to take a stroll down to the cafe with free WI- FI and treat myself to a pastrami sandwich, cafe latte and half carafe of vino Rosso. I am also concerned that this country is turning me into highly caffeinated alcoholic. Ah well, when in Rome. Or Malcesine. Whiled away a good couple of hours gazing at the shimmering lago di Garda whilst writing (ok and a bit of playing - got to keep my brain alive!) and watching all the other chilled out people shuffling along in the heat. I love people watching, it's highly entertaining! I decided that if I was actually going to make it through the night alive and refreshed I needed to go back to my hotel and have a siesta. I either have sleeping sickness, legionnaires disease or, I have actually learnt to relax!
“Why doesn't this work. It's just white.”
There I was, minding my own effing business when a liter (or possible two) of homeless man lung-butter pours out within ear-shot. Something happened when I heard it. I felt like the world started moving in slow motion. I turned, ever so slowly, already shuddering.
I guess maybe this is the sort of thing that lots of people know their whole lives, but really, it didn't hit me until I was 26 ya'll.
The Buildings Department started the feud in March when it ordered the state transportation agency to remove 19 advertising signs on its properties along major highways in Queens.
Can you believe this is my last DT creation for SOME ODD GIRL!!!
why waste this precious time of the “now” ?
The complicated structure of the bacterial flagellum is sufficient all by itself to demolish the theory of evolution, since the flagellum has an irreducibly complex structure. If one single molecule in this fabulously complex structure were to disappear, or become defective, the flagellum would neither work nor be of any use to the bacterium. The flagellum must have been working perfectly from the first moment of its existence. This fact again reveals the nonsense in the theory of evolution’s assertion of “step by step development.” In fact, not one evolutionary biologist has so far succeeded in explaining the origin of the bacterial flagellum although a few tried to do so.
20. greenery
His only response was a worried frown as I brought the letter to eye level.
10. putting the last stitch in the binding
Harlequins, Leicester and Saracens are all battling for a top-two finish and a home semi-final in the play-offs, while Northampton and Exeter will fight it out to get the remaining spot in the shot at the title.
a) men hold doors open for you
In an age of increased corporate scrutiny and accountability, businesses are hiring more paralegals to help stay above the legal fray – and on a budget. We are utilized to help manage everything from business licenses, transactions (contracts), employment law issues, intellectual property matters, compliance with federal and state laws, and of course litigation. If you think you might one day want to leave the familiarity of a law firm, I hope I can make it a less scary prospect, and give you some tools for success.
Lokomotiv Kuban, 9-9, 4th place in Russian Professional Basketball League (PBL) during regular season; awaiting 3rd-place best-of-three series in PBL Playoffs; qualified for Final Four of VTB League Playoffs
“We still have very remote areas. These people can come and get lost,” says Robert G. Werts, program manager for the Northeast Pennsylvania Terrorism Task Force.
Papers from my scrap pile (I'm trying to make a dent in it)
1/2 t ground pepper
voila!... you have an animated gif!
He’s perfect. Life with him is perfect. Robert Brault was right when he said it…”The older I get, the less time I want to spend with the part of the human race that didn’t marry me.” Damn straight!
Pan" (from 1978's "Lionheart"), keeps a picture of Peter Pan in a
2. Add the vegetables to the mixture. Toss until dressing is well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.
I remember being touched by him, and having to lay absolutely still and not make a sound or move an inch as I might wake someone up. And since I was under the impression that I would get into a lot of trouble if anyone found out, I was terrified. So, if the bathroom door opened, or my mum woke up, or my brother moved in his sleep, I would freeze as much thinking, “oh no, what if they see?”.
In fact, the Frog Hop was my inspiration for the Green Crown, which is what Jeff named our first attempt at a fresh hop beer. We had no idea what to do, so I went for a light pale ale recipe, mostly two-row pale malt, with a little crystal and a hint of wheat for mouth feel. Then it was all Cascade: wet home grown hops in the worth for a dose of first wort hopping, dry cascade for the bitter charge and then a bunch (completely unmeasured - we just dumped a bunch in until it seemed good, and then dumped a bit more...) fresh hops at the end. From the picture below you can see from whence the name Green Crown came. I am usually pretty critical of the beer I brew, but this one was a huge success - a wonderful light body upon which the fresh Cascades dance their little dance on your tongue. Even Jeff, who deesn't think much of fresh hop beers in general, calls it a big winner.
Not long after I arrived, Marco and his gang came in. He holds regular meet ups through his group of Tokyo Beer Meetup friends. A nice friendly group of people who meet up, through beer events or beer bars. Here's the link, if you are interested in signing up.
And he knows me well, reads me like a story
I was immediately pleased with Don Antonio’s menu. Vegetarian items are marked with a “(V)”, and vegan items (yes, there are vegan items at a pizza place!) are marked with a “(VE)”. There’s even a small gluten-free section.
Wow! That seems like a lot of steps- but they're easy and fast...just not fast to write them all down!
What affects one, affects us all.
01. Deceiver of Hearts
Ripe kerala banana (ethapazham/nendra pazham ) - 4
There are so many things to not be sure about.
While Alaric was down, waiting to rise from the dead, Jeremy and Matt showed up with a gun and a crossbow to rescue Elena. This move almost got them killed when Esther tried to magically force Jeremy and Matt to shoot each other instead of her (I may have freaked out when this happened). Note: I cannot believe the evil in this woman!!! Besides the horror of forcing two of Elena’s most precious men kill each other, I was appalled at the thought of losing two TV hotties in one go, it just isn’t right! Luckily, Alaric woke up and pulled Esther’s loveless heart right out of her body (Damon style).
The Design Team will choose one entry as their Top Pick and the creator of that card will receive a winner's badge to display and will be in the running for a monthly Guest Designer spot to be selected after the last March challenge.
trying to achieve?
As for other stories of candiru attacks, most are variants on the same theme. In 1855 French naturalist Frances de Castelnau reported that local Araguay fishermen told stories of a fish that 'springs out of the water and penetrates into the urethra by ascending the length of the liquid column' (Castelnau dismissed the claim as 'absolutely preposterous'). Another account was documented by biologist George A Boulenger from a Brazilian physician named Dr Bach, who examined a man and several boys whose penises had been amputated. Bach believed this was a remedy performed because of candiru, but he was merely speculating as he did not speak his patients' language. American biologist Eugene Willis Gudger later noted that the area the patients were from did not have candiru in its rivers, and suggested the amputations were much more likely the result of having been attacked by piranha.
Attendees will participate in the process from charging the still with distillers' beer to the final steps of wresting the usable alcohol from that beer. Since this is a slow process, there will be breaks during which speakers will talk about aging, blending, distribution, marketing, branding, sourcing materials and other topics about opening and running a distillery. Lots of smelling and tasting.
A patsy, Newt is the smartest kid in the school who no one wants on their team. In essence, he has abandoned Republican issues in his quest for the presidency and forgotten that he is a Republican who is expected to oppose Obamacare, avoid talking nonsense about the environment, and not adopt the rest of the liberal agenda.
The description of these five anti-terrorists as “spies who infiltrated military installations in South Florida” is an attempt to misguide readers, according to the Interests Section statement.
* Wright suggested using Google Maps to figure out the area near the Cleveland-area bridge “where the bombs will be dropped and the get-away route.”
Should that wave indeed boost more women to the top, though, the world that they will find may at times resemble a nerdy, 21st-century version of Mad Menin its sexist undertones. Bradshaw, for example, describes tech conferences like JSConf as places where the sexist atmosphere can be daunting.
It has been a long, long two years of unemployment. You have been there every step of the way, reading post after post of whining and complaining and for that I thank you. There have been good things about these last two years—being with my kids more, being a mom, taking care of things and learning who my real friends are. I don’t think anyone will ever know just how much that means to me.
Gezellig:Google Translate tells you this means cosy – it can. I’m going to quote Wikipedia for this one, they’ve worded it so well!“A perfect example of untranslatability is seen in the Dutch language through the word gezellig, which does not have an English equivalent. Literally, it means cozy, quaint, or nice, but can also connote time spent with loved ones, seeing a friend after a long absence, or general togetherness.”
As I am driving back from hubbies job I see a blowup doll on the side of the road with soldiers practicing CPR or something of the other on it.
Joel had been cleaning out garbage cans, and one had rotten fruit or something in it, so he set it out on the deck filled with soapy water to work on it later. I'm sure I don't need to tell you what happened next, but Chippy was attracted to the rotten fruit and the rest is history.
Unfortunately, there have been times when America has taken advantage of its privileged position, and this creates negative karma. The recent economic crisis, although global in nature, definitely bears the mark of national karma. The actions we are taking now will determine whether we, as a nation, have learned the karmic lessons that these economic challenges have presented to us.
Then there is the problem of Murdoch’s paywalls. Although doing well on premium-content titles like the Wall Street Journal, the push earlier this year to boost the UK Times titles is now stuck in the mud. Times Newspapers is continuing to see digital subscription gains – but growth is slowing, and the boost to print sales has proved short-lived….in fact, it’s gone into reverse. The Times, for example, now has 111,036 digital subscribers….woefully short of what the Wapping Liars projected two years ago. The Sunday Times has even less, at just over 75,000.
Level 7: MP Cost: 22, Damage: 245%, Number of Attacks: 4, 17% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 7% for 54 seconds. The last attack is critical.
One being that when you ARE in town,
Some pepper, please?
the weather here has been so beautiful,
Mexican Spanish
Crocs (evening wear)
After her talk, we were treated to a fabulous cocktail party at the Baker, Knapp & Tubbs showroom - pear martinis and hors d'ouvres were delicious and plentiful. Just what the hungry and thirsty designer needs at the end of two days of seminars and lectures.
Tom can’t remember an old aunt named Pauline, but if she thinks he’s a long-lost nephew, he very well may be. After two desperate letters from Mae, he decides to pay a visit. An engagement, a runaway train, and a town of quirky, loveable people make for more of an adventure than Tom is expecting. But it is amazing what can bloom in winter when God is in charge of things.
1 bag of square waffle style pretzels
Iggy Pop Lust for life US
Here is their letter:
day, we wend our ways without care
Mr Tsvangirai gets the economy to sort out.
Bumping into things often
"The March wind roars
And here's your proof it was NNO. Let this go down in bump history! From my personal FB messages:
I am absolutely honored that Erika invited me over to do this guest post! I've been fortunate enough to work with Erika on a design team for several months and, given the consistently awesome work she turns out, I was really flattered that she wanted to include me in this series of posts. I have been trying super hard to decide what to share in this post and finally decided on this mini album that I made into a travel journal.
I know, I know, I just posted a photo on Wednesday, and so it's cheating to have another photo blog so soon, but I promise, there are extenuating circumstances. I was working on this lovely piece about life changing moments and so forth, which I totally intend to post in the next day or two, when I took a break to cook a turkey.
QUIRKS: A superhero movie! Yayyyyyy. And one that deals with more real-life issues, which has been an increasing goal of superhero artists since Stan Lee first wrote the Fantastic Four. This one in particular has Will Smith as a drunk hero, who basically unnecessarily destroys millions of dollars of property while saving one life. And of course the authorities don’t like vigilantism. So there you go. Oh, and there’s a twist. :) I saw it coming, but didn’t know the nature of it…
Summary: America can develop a sound grand strategy, if only we clearly see the path we’re now on. Perhaps an analogy from history can help.
Meanwhile, the European Commission has issued a statement confirming that it had received three complaints against Google, which it was investigating, though not formally.
I think these are treadles (this is the back of the loom), and there are six of them, but two are missing the chains that attach them to the things they lift up and down. I think those are the heddles? (Can you tell I know nothing at all about weaving? I ordered a book but it won't be here for a couple of days.)
Next stop, the pet store, to buy a package of live “ammo” ~ not one fly, not two flies . . . but a package with dozens of flies designed to feed an entire aquarium of bulbous bullfrogs.
It is really a great concept, that for a buck (or $20, that’s my limit) you get to dream huge. And those dreams for most typically include never having to work again. Buying houses, cars, paying off debt (only to take on new debt for sure), being generous to friends, family and those in need, traveling the world and living like royalty. The best of everything. And for a buck, we can engage in a fantasy hyped by the media and stocked by our desire to live out our fantasizes.
In both novels deeper than fiction, they are journals of the lead characters:
---yeah I broke down and saw the most recent Twilight craze movie with friends. You just had to once you've see the first three. We actually stood in line and went at like 11 pm. Whatever. It had to be done...and I liked it :)
23. Integrating Your Laundry: Washing It All Together
There are so many things I wish you had known and that other young LGBTQ people contemplating suicide should know. The first is that we, your gay peers, are everywhere. Every major city in the western world has a gay village, gay bars, gay people just like you who want to know you-who want to help you. We want to know you because we all have a shared experience, we know how you feel. The weight you now feel, we once felt too. Yes, even you there in Redneckville, Alabama, I mean you; And you in Backwatertown, Minnesota, you too. Just like you many of us come from inhospitable environments. Just like you, some of us were bullied. Hopefully, future you will soon find us. Look for us, many of us are online. We’re waiting for you. I am personally waiting for you. You feel lost? Alone? You need a place to stay for a while? Write to us, any of us. Write to me, please, write to me, maybe I can help. Even if I can’t, I can probably help you find someone who can! We will find a way to fix it!
I did teach my self to knit tho, and I now have yet another obsession! Between tatting thread and now yarn... I need another house simply for all of the fibers!
My first project on my Gazelle!! It's a simple project that allowed me opportunity to play with the software and gain some familiarization with my Gazelle. I can honestly say that I learned A LOT and look forward to learning more!
I'm sure you've all heard about the many beauty sample services on the market these days.
I stopped at Rhyno Liquor to pick up an appropriate gift, a nice big bottle of Breckenridge IPA and tried to find Ben's house. Yahoo Maps sucks and told me to turn on a street that doesn't really exist (at that location) so I missed my turn. Luckily I used to live on the street in question so I had a really good idea where the turn was that I missed. I found the cul-de-sac that housed Ben and got in the house. I walked on in the door and made my way to the kitchen where I saw Matt, Ben's son. Matt hooked me up with a sweet pilsner glass and I grabbed myself an IPA. I don't know the correct procedure when trying a slew of beers, I told myself that an IPA will get the taste buds warmed up. I really enjoyed the IPA. I talked to some dude about our mutual love of IPA's, 75th Street Brewery and Barley's Brewhaus.
"I don't think we can realistically expect that Canada will become a soccer nation, I think that would be foolhardy. To begin with, the national game in Canada is hockey, as it should be.
I like groups that feature Pyrex and sewing projects.
Powdery Sand - beige - taken from the sky around the center - 247.229.205
A statement from AMISOM said Lt. Gen Gutti takes over from Major General Fred Mugisha during whose tenure, AMISOM forces helped drive the Al-Qaida-affiliated terror group, Al-Shabaab, from fixed positions in Mogadishu, ushering in the longest sustained period of relative peace that the Somali capital has had since the collapse of central government in 1991. His appointment comes at a time when AMISOM is expanding across the country having secured the capital.
The curio knob looks like its off center, but it isn't. I'm anal...remember. It just looks that way in the photo.
i truly had treated both as professionally as possible
creative girl inside of me who is just dying to get out!
....well sort of. Having ordered my shopping online and it being delivered promptly I feel a lot less stressed. I've not done a lot really..been chillin' and taking things easy. Last Wednesday went to lunch and the theatre(Crucible), with my friend Anne to see Hamlet. She got the tickets as a birthday present to me. Must say it was brilliant. Guess who forgot to turn their phone off?.....and guess who's phone rang twice because it wouldn't turn off?....yes me. I did manage to turn it off eventually..thankfully. What makes it worse is my ring tone....the theme to "Danger Mouse." Had visions off being escorted out. Ah well..all makes for an interesting day. The day was wonderful....thank you Anne. It's taken it's toll though.....have been so tired and am only just starting to come round...wouldn't have missed it for anything though.
To further your education, Mr Cameron, you must understand that wars are fought between rival tribes, races and religions not in order to sate mankind’s desire for violence but as a means to an end, with the end being one thing and one thing only — political control over the defeated people. When you act against Britain’s Christians in the way that you now do, and lock up Englishmen who dare to portray Mohammed in posters, you are in effect enforcing sharia law against traditional Britain.
Taking the gloomy view, the second-gen Galaxy Tab 10.1 isn’t good enough for the slim profile, the Exynos chipset and the fullHD videos of the Note. Not to mention the game-changing S Pen. For those who look on the bright side, it’s an affordable ten-incher with the latest Android and better specs than the iPad 2.
My wife and I have been sharing a convention table since last November and we thought it was about time that we had a few things to sell that we collaborated on. We love traveling and seeing new cities and though a series of travel posters would be a lot of fun to work on. Here's our first completed one and we're also working on posters for San Francisco and Venice.
The hospital case manager is pressuring me to take him out of there as he has overstayed his welcome, but the nurses who are actually involved in patient care agree that I can't safely care for him any longer. They claim to be amazed that I managed to do it for so long.
His use of scripture in his sermons are manipulative and misleading at best, sprinkled with heresy, pagan philosophies and vain imaginings. Kong Hee has proven to be a faithful disciple under Pringle’s prophetic direction and is just as ruthless exploiting those in his church that are unemployed like Pringle.
I've used one of the Tilda's from the new release, I've been messing around with hair colour and to be honest I'm not quite sure. The papers are once again from pion, I don't seem to be able to look past them at the minute.
by the wind
Every dinner at The Plough seems to throw up at least one of these awakenings. On this occasion it was in the form of the Bon Chiens, Beard & Brau’s take on the French Farmhouse style and brimming with big bold flavours and more than just a little ‘funk’. Beers like this are the ones that you secretly think might be the one out of the five that might not quite hit the mark with the hearty honest folk-of-the-field out Myrniong way. This time around – more hit than miss.
curvy cami
Note: this is by no means a substitute for letterpress printing. it's just my way of playing and re-discovering my love of stamping.
These three pairs of pants is still sort of limited and occasionally results in my having to wear a pair of A.'s sweatpants while I wash my pants. This is not a good look. But I'll be damned if I'll spend thirty dollars on another pair of maternity jeans that I can only wear for a few more months. And then, when I was out for my exciting Mother's Day jaunt, I stopped at a craft store and got one of those denim patches that can be ironed on. It took all of thirty seconds, and now I have another pair of jeans. Begging the question of why I didn't just do this two months ago, but never mind that.
Lukey said the bill was meant to encourage people to speak to the weather service and disseminate their information through the agency.
A defendant was on trial for murder.
She needed to figure out the missing pieces. But as the emotions of the day finally caught up with her, she began to shut down. As she listened to the announcer and pounding hooves on the TV, she dozed off. Tomorrow she would see what she could figure out. She would do what she always did when she needed answers—make an early morning visit to the L.A. Equestrian Center, and, if time permitted, take Sydney out for a short trail ride before work. Syd had a way of helping her see things in a different light. Now it was time for sleep.
This depends on budget and time mostly, but in any scenario I’d urge you to take a long train or bus ride if you can. Apart from seeing the country and perhaps interacting with some locals, it is in long journeys that you forge relationships with other travellers that often continue after the destination is reached. My train journey from Bangkok to Chiang Mai (that was meant to be 14 hours and turned into 17), was one of the best experiences of my whole trip. I partied into the wee hours with buckets of whisky and coke, two Canadians, a German, a Swede, a Brit, a Belgian and a Thai ladyboy.
As most of our readers will have figured out, it involves money. You send in your 1,000-1,200 word story or article (don't worry if you can't write--"expert editors" are on hand to help you, for a fee, of course). Once your story is complete and submitted, the Wake Up Live team "does the publishing in record time" and "promotes your book to the best seller list making you a best-selling co-author." All you have to do is agree to buy 200 books for $2,697 ("When you sell your books," the website assures you, "you will receive $2,990.00 in sales, not to mention the benefit to your business or career"). That's the Gold Program. If you're feeling flush, you can spring for the VIP Platinum Program, and buy 500 books for $5,497 ($7,475.00 in sales). For the extra bucks, you get your name on the cover.
"It looks like angles"
Bottom with Emi, Hilary Weeks, and Georgia.
Eventually he spoke again. “Let me have my clothes, I have no sun down here to warm my cold flesh!”
But, the brownies really did hit the spot...even if the denseness of the brownie was missing. Hubby liked eating the batter which had a good flavor, and that's his favorite part anyway. I think I could make batches of batter, freeze it and take it out and thaw it for him when a craving hits and he'd be good with that!
Kayla is doing softball again, over at her moms ;) SHES ONE GREAT BALL PLAYER. Hope we can go to some of her games!! Josiah did not do baseball afterall but is taking drum lessons and will be trying out for The Dinuba Aqua Emps swim team
The characters cast, the sets built.
When you show somebody around in Copenhagen, a canal tour is a must… The sun was shining, but it was still somewhat cold in the wind
Because so many of us are psychologically and emotionally disabled, we may relate to the category of the “oppressed”. But even there we attempt to avoid coming to the realization that our problems with oppression are more spiritual than emotional or psychological.
I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free using Mom Blog Society Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers.
His sister, Faith, an exemplar of ingenue Christian piety the likes of which would make Lillian Gish proud, becomes the object of “Blaze” Tracy’s affections. Tracy, played by Hart, was the hired gunman of Silk Miller, the owner of the local saloon and tyrant of Hell’s Hinges. Together, they swore to keep the law and God out of Hell’s Hinges at any cost. However, upon seeing Faith and at the church, he instantly abandons his wicked ways and converts to Christianity.
My own interest in beer containers admittedly is offbeat and selective, based less on scientific principle and technology and more on the attitude of the individual beer drinker, a state that reflects subconscious preferences, community psychologies and personal superstitions, all these combined into as many different forms as there are human beings to contrive and perpetuate them.
The mission of the Miss Amazing Pageant is to provide an opportunity for girls and young women with disabilities to build confidence and self-esteem in a supportive environment. All applicants are eligible to participate in the event. One representative in each age division will be selected to represent California for the 2011/2012 year. (opportunity to appear at events throughout the year and return as the reigning queen for the 2012 pageant) All participants will be awarded with a crown. Join the Miss Amazing family and become the best you can be!
The memo said: ‘The timing, operational decision making and control are in Admiral McRaven’s hands.
Well my morning started off with my daughter changing her clothing 3x before deciding on an outfit. I can't imagine this pressure at 5! I found myself wishing for uniforms. We've picked out outfits at night, doesn't work....I've let her come shopping with me, doesn't work...I've encouraged left,right,up and down that she looks great in whatever outfit she has initially put on, doesn't work. It is a frustrating way to start off each morning to say the least.
Palm Sugar - This is a traditional unrefined non-centrifugal sugar used in Indian desserts, specially when the dessert calls for Lentil!
Or, they can win the fourth prize, which I am unveiling RIGHT NOW! Drumroll, please! The final prize is a bag from the best handbag company in the world--Mad-bags! Yes, you get to browse their site, pick out a fab bag, and take it home--woo-hoo! Seriously, they are sweet bags--check them out!
That’s what it comes to. Hard work. Practice. It takes time, and if you don’t do it, you’ll never be any good.
My love to Anna and Myles and Mason and Ledia.
WHY!??!
Mark my words. If we don’t choke off the endless flow of unchecked information soon our county will lose its focus, its purpose and its all encompassing belief in the rightness of its actions. And that, I’m afraid, leads to nothing introspection, questioning, weakness and decline.
A: A-Fri-ca is the big triangle shaped continent south of Europe.
I was not happy with this mug. It felt delicate. It was white. No personality. But it was all I could find. I never stopped looking for a real replacement, though. However, in time I grew accustomed to this mug. The memory of the heft of the original mug slowly diminished and the delicate nature of this mug became the norm. As I stopped looking for replacements, I started appreciating the simple beauty of this mug and soon I forgot all about The Original. This one made me happy.
These are poems meant to be read aloud and shared, over giggles and smiles. Here is my favorite:
Unfortunately my last full sentence to Robin before parting was It was so great to meet you, Meg. I could have killed myself. If this had been a job interview, my resume would have been immediately chucked into the wastepaper basket and rightfully so. In my defense, I hadn't slept very well the night before.
4) The fan fests on the platz in Nuremberg. Mexico and Portugal fans were cheering away. Mexico missed the penalty kick. Mexicans start singing "Ay Yi Yi Yi Yi...".
I had a day full of conference calls then teacher conferences then two 5 year olds talking nonstop and I just felt DONE. I told him I needed quiet. And then I explained the words extrovert and introvert. How he gets energy the more he talks, and I lose energy the more he talks. And I was completely out of energy and getting cranky, so I needed some quiet to recharge.
How Deep by Stephen Altrogge seems to be an appropriate song to reflect on in light of this meditation.
You may try...in vain...to sleep again, but once the dog Insomnia has you in his teeth, your mind begins to whirl, to spin. Dreams are left half done, half remembered, half present, flitting in and out of the conscience, flecks of foam flying from the dog's jowls.
~Stop obsessively fixing or changing things in old work. Give yourself a deadline for when it must be finished or shelved. Then put it out for the world to judge (or put it away), but move on.
b) Walking alternating lunges x 20
A lot of what is said in NLP isn't so much a fact as a provocation to think in a new way.
A similar case recently in Florida highlights what I mean. In this instance a high school student is excoriated for drawing Obama with a “Hitler” mustache:
As you know, I was recently invited to participate in a competition being hosted by British Turkey alongside Peppadew to find Britian's best recipe blogger. They asked me if I would mind devising some dishes using both British Turkey and Peppadew peppers. The winner will be crowned at the British Turkey Awards being held at the Savoy this September.
My card base is 7" x 5" with 1/2 of it embossed using the Cuttlebug Swiss Dots embossing folder. The cardstock & Baby Lace paper is separated by pink/white striped ribbon.
First, the French had a mole inside the German Cipher Office and a resident spy who got the information from the mole to the Intelligence service.
Meant to be.
Another interesting study in 2007 showed the effect of seven high-intensity interval training sessions over two weeks. The women in the study had an increase in fat-burning enzymes and boosted their ability to burn fat during exercise by 36%. (2)
So what is this Christian/biblical worldview from which I claim to write? To write out all the various interrelated aspects would be long and tedious (perhaps that is why I’ve published 200 posts). But some basic points are:
“I didn’t want it to happen,” he said. “I wasn’t a winner in this, by no means.”
I received it and flipped through the pages. It wasn’t mine. A photo slipped out from the back as I handed it back to him. I looked at it as it landed on the front porch. I picked it up and saw a picture of me with another woman on my left.
I Feel it All, Feist
Simultaneously, the goober on the balcony yelled out, “I’m going to get you! You wait there! Martha, those kids down there are smearing my car with dog shit!”
He was super pissed off when we first found out they were taking photos of us… At the start, we didn’t think much of it. Like we thought it was only a few that were doing it. But there were so many! Scary you know!
Daily Mail: ’You can be forced to retire aged 65: Landmark ruling says law firm was right to tell solicitor he must quit his job because of his age’
1 common
I am not an expert in diets and healthy food bla bla bla
Of course we'll all be having so much fun having our extra-time adventures that we won't be blogging, right? So my post won't go up until late Wednesday night or Thursday morning.
- The city of Krakow is an important academic and artistic center.
Reading-wise, I was lucky enough to be sent a proof of Tess Stimson's new one - What's Yours Is Mine. I started it last night and it is so, so good - brilliantly written, great characters, lots of clever bits that make you think twice. It's out in April so look out for it, I'm sure it will be another whopping hit for her.
OPSEU MEMBERS STRIKE DURING WAGE FREEZE CONSULTATIONS
B: As far as who writes?
Have any of you been wrongfully harassed by the police? The Blue Scholar Blog wants to know what you think. Please feel free to leave a comment.
An Post – Sean Kelly – Irish Team
3. This Population
I spent last Thursday through Saturday in New York attending the CMJ Music Marathon. It’s basically New York’s version of South by Southwest. It’s more geared toward unsigned and lesser known bands. We saw 15 bands over the three days in Brooklyn and Manhattan. It was a whirlwind of music. At CMJ, every artist/band plays a 30 minute set. I actually liked the format because it allows one to see a lot of bands in one showcase. Heading into the festival, I thought it was going to be hipster music overload, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was quite a diverse and unique musical landscape across the three days. The highlights of the festival for me included:
The analysis gets worse for the President. The analyisis also looked at the 11 states Real Clear Politics deemed as “toss-up” for the 2012 election. Their findings were:
I picked out these glasses from Firmoo.com.
What fascinates me about the human face is that it’s so small, yet with an intensity of expression which is boundless. It holds within itself a world of limitless manifestation, announcement and language. Our faces speak, and no matter how hard we may try to silence that speaking, aspects of our personal stories will always wind their way in to the very fabric of our faces.
Her mother says she at first didn't believe it when she heard but then she smelt the undeniable smell of the substance on her daughter's breath.
- Dad was sick and in and out of the hospital, BUT +, he made it to the twins' 4th birthday party and I was named Honorary Chair of the Breast Cancer Resource Center's Annual Luncheon. I gave the keynote speech.
You could say "more holiday reviews" or "more historical information" or "more book reviews" or several things. You could suggest new features or tell us that a particular type of post is too boring for us to continue with.
Hence the solution of one enigma, the old 10 to 20 :m discrepancies, has led to yet
I knew that early July evening, as I walked towards his room.......
And when I’m being totally honest, I’ll admit that this feeling even extends to CBG’s kids, too. There’s nothing wrong with Ankle Biter or Rugrat…it’s just that they’re not my kids. I simply don’t feel the same level of connection with them as I do my own two girls. I’ll admit that I struggle with how I’m supposed to feel about them, as a “stepmother” figure. I don’t feel particularly “motherly” toward them. I leave most of the parenting when we’re together to CBG, since that’s just how we tend to do things. And since I don’t see them that regularly, I’m barely even a supporting character in the cast of their lives. Add to this the fact that CBG and I parent very differently and well, I just haven’t felt particularly comfortable parenting his kids in my own way. I usually defer to his wishes on most things (except when it comes to fruits and vegetables – both of which, Ankle Biter and Rugrat got more than their fair share of last week. Woohoo!)
10. Heroes
I love you, it's cool.
Lisa Kudrow also made a random appearance, as well as the bad-guy fiance in George of the Jungle….it was weird to say the least.
I was not too happy the following morning when my body decided to teach me a lesson. I rationalized that I would just exercise harder once I was back in Atlanta. Unfortunately, the cold weather followed me back home so I had no choice but to hop on the trainer and start to make-up for all of my weekend decisions.
Ed. Note: I'm over at Women's Voices For Change today talking about one of our favorite subjects -- Frenchwomen and their snacking habits. You've read about the subject before in this space, but I've added new comments at WVFC.
When destroying infringing products, the copyright administrative management entity should appoint more than two law enforcement officers to supervise the destruction process, examine the destruction results and record the destruction.
As is traditional in the first full week after the Easter break, the IPKat reminds readers of some of the intellectual property-flavoured blogs with which he and his authors are involved. Blogs listed below may be "IPKat-approved", which does not mean that the IPKat actually approves of their content but that (i) this Kat provides some technical and logistical assistance as well as content and that (ii) the blogs do not carry paid-for advertising, pop-ups, banners, small ads via Adsense and so on.
Council tax - £130
Best of all though was the match between John Cena & Brock Lesnar.
Natural sources
Since I had so many emails, I decided to go with Sue's "fast pass method" which is a quick scanning of items and quickly making decisions about them. I wanted to feel better fast, so this worked for me. (I have become quite good at this lately, as I recently cleared out my mother's storage unit and had limited time to do so.) For the items that I couldn't make a quick decision about, I utilized Sue's filing system to label them to peruse later. I quickly realized that I was subscribed to way too many ezines and newsletters so I began by labeling them into a folder that I returned to at the end of the day. At the end of the day, I had 53 items in that folder, and went back to "unsubscribe" to 34 of them already. So that folder is now down to 19 items that I will make decisions on over the course of this week.
The greatest reason for being a Child of God is hope! We don’t need to have happenings in our life contorted or distorted. We don’t need to listen to the whisperings of others. When we cry out to the Lord; He hears us. We wait on His Will and take refuge in Him.
In a large bowl sift the dry ingredients together. With blender (or your hands) add in shortening until mixture resembles cornmeal texture. Store in airtight container.
SLA used to have intramurals every year for flag football. Recently though, there has been no yearly flag football due to the fact that not enough people would participate. This year has seen a change in that trend. People showed more interest in playing, and the school’s Student Association decided to start the program up again. Many students have signed up and the captains were picked. The captains chosen were juniors Ethan Comley, Helio Ferreira, and senior JP Viteri. The teams were then picked and the schedule was made. There are only three teams since there were a little over thirty participants, and each team plays with eight players on the field.
I received this book complimentary from Tyndale Publishing in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own.
I wrote down the paint formula I used to arrive at the background I laid down (over top of the pages), so I think I can replicate this, if anyone wants to commission me to paint one for them.
I hope to be MUCH MUCH better about blogging & taking photos this year..
We peeked. I couldn't help it. When we went for the big 20 week u/s, the tech practically told us what we were having. Actually, she blatantly showed us several times even tho she didn't have to - after doing this twice already I knew what to look for and could tell right off the bat what this little baby was.
owned and staffed by Aussies.
Wondered why the sky so blue
I wrapped the fabric around the backpanel and glue-gunned it ( at the back ) so it was stuck on.
So many people have supported me this past year: friends and family waving pom-poms, editors offering priceless advice, betas displaying saintly patience, followers who are just as crazy as I am, but most of all, an agent who is heaven sent.
“Name that neocon!” That would be a great post to write (spoiler: it’s Obama). But we’ll leave that for another day, as today headlines provide something better: ”Obama in Wonderland“ by Glenn Greenwald. It describes Obama’s latest footprints on the Constitution.
questions?' St Peter went on, 'how many seconds in a year?'
Yummy!
Vegetables - 1 cup chopped (potatoes, drumstick, cauliflower, brinjal, radish, beans, peas, carrots etc. can be used) I use 3 to 4 of the above veggies mentioned
Reflecting on this moving story, Conlin warns about the limits of technology:
I really don't have anything negative to say about 15 Days Without a Head. I'm so excited to watch Dave Cousins' career pan out from now, as he's just what the MG/YA market needs right now; a fresh, exciting new voice who isn't afraid to tell it like it is. Also - bonus points for the brilliant reading he gave at the Oxford University Press event!
So when we start talking about humility please do not think that we believe you should be considered self-effacing. Actually, its 180 degrees from this…Stepping back and thinking about this topic for a moment. As you become more self-aware, you place more value yourself. This is when we truly start to become humble.
Still too much crap below
I gingerly pick my way through the ditch (which is full of nettle clumps) to get a closer shot of this beauty. Doesn't it look like something out of a fairy tale? Now that I think of it, spring itself has a rather fairy-tale quality - there's something of the miraculous about it.
In a move certain to fuel the debate over Obama’s qualifications for the presidency, the group “Americans for Freedom of Information” has Released copies of President Obama’s college transcripts from Occidental College …
Wergeland E, Strand K. Work pace control and pregnancy health in a population-based sample of employed women in Norway. Scand J Work Environ Health 1998; 24: 206-212.
Carly: Good night mom.
Robert Woods (WR USC)- We featured Woods in our top WRs, but he really exploded in week one against Minnesota. Making Barkley’s arm look good, Woods is using both his size and speed to make his mark.
And we know that’s not true.
Where chill Mont Louis stands?
I didnt like Dylan interrupting me in the middle of the blog challenge. He wants to be here a lot now. Kids!
1) Spiritual:
As I've pondered the often-rash remarks that flow out of my mouth and studied scriptures pertaining to words, I've discovered I need to pray for Providential Patience. There is no way I can use words the right way without God's help.
The codeshare will further strengthen the relationship between Emirates and JetBlue. The two airlines have been interline partners since 2010, enabling customers to enjoy the convenience of a single combined ticket for Emirates and JetBlue-operated flights, plus other benefits including one-stop check-in and baggage transfer.
My project for the hop
To: hondavidmiliband@8.am
Also I was intrigued by a number of non food products. Natural sponges and olive oil based skin products. Olive soap, but also face moisturisers, toners, cleansers, shampoos and even sun tan lotion. We opted for this natural sun screen (of course not totally chemical free) and it was superb.
Tonight toward the end of putting Rowan to bed, as thought sought after thought, I worried: Everything I can do for this little boy has to do with modeling. Somehow the better human being I am, the better being he'll become. Model good eating and outdoor habits, calm, attention. Oh no, but today I didn't model anything crafty. I didn't write in my journal (which I have never ever managed to consistently do anyway).
Excellent caregivers will take the initiative to look for ways to improve the life of their client. It’s not enough to just provide the minimum care for a client. These caregivers go above and beyond to make a connection with their client in order to provide outstanding care.
Mel went down to the chicken coop to
And he is now going back 20-30 years and repaying debt that had long been forgotten.
Have a great Sunday!!!
Also...
I often wonder how she was back then. Times have certainly changed. People and the way we interact has changed. I wonder where this type of stunning aura has strayed to. Audrey Hepburn knew how to act; both on and off stage. She was the classiest of them all. I feel like this manner has been thrown out the window in our modern era. A new wave of beauty has taken over, but it all seems to lacks something. I believe Audrey Hepburn had that something. She once said, “everything I learned, I learned from the movies”. I wonder what we learn from the movies today. Where is the modern day Audrey Hepburn? She has to be out there somewhere. I’ll wait for the day, no matter how long it will be, to find my own Audrey. Unrivaled confidence, beauty, charisma, and inspiration. A hopeful mind for a hopeless heart am I.
What do you think I should name my bumble?
Vanilla essence – 1 teaspoon
The airline, which has angered consumer groups with its pioneering charges for carry-on baggage and $5 fee for having a boarding pass printed at the airport, claim the no-refunds approach allows the airline to pass savings on to customers.
KOHEC Blog (kohecblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
FRANZ LOPEZ: I’ve known you since 2008 but it was only now that we’ve actually met and I mean it when I say I’m very thankful for you and Aia for bringing happiness to my life. I’m thankful that God chose you and Aia to be the bridge to the wonderful friends and family I have now. I’ll forever be grateful.
Iron Maiden have announced details of their upcoming album and North American tour.
it was her first holiday sing-a-long at the big girl school.
vibrations
The longest time ever and I'm nervous...
Did it work?
Grate one Fels Napthia bar with a cheese grater. I used my attachment on my small food processor and it went quickly.
- The most important value in determining the depth and strength of your character (you can CHOOSE to live this value)
Look up pietboon.com for more details of his projects and signature style (which he describes as "Simple Sophistication" but I tag as "coolly glamorous"). But in the meantime, here are some images of his well-groomed style, as featured in Design in Black and White. (Images Publishing.)
The project to commemorate Brooklyn’s abolitionist history stems, at least in part, from a controversy several years ago, over an urban-renewal plan to destroy several 19th century homes on Duffield Street that were reportedly linked to the Underground Railroad. The Duffield Street houses have since been saved.
When I get an idea I just want to write it out, not matter what the idea is I just want to get writing without thinking it through. I’ve just had an idea which is simply that, an idea. At the moment I don’t really have a clue as to what to do with it. Already I have a couple of little ideas but no real plot line or thoughts on the lead character/characters. I don’t know whether this has the strength to be a full length novel or a shorter work, but what i’m trying not to do right now is just write without thinking this idea out and making notes. I had decided to just start writing in the morning but it quickly struck me that I have nothing to work with yet. So I’m gonna hold off and plot a few bits out in my head and start writing once I have more then just an idea, I need a story loosely plotted in my head before I can start writing.
Persia and Greece all great and all pagan. All idolatrous nations that knew not Yahweh according to Barton’s thinking were righteous and this explains their greatness.
You are going to want to cut 3 pieces of the square steel to make the U shape that is sewn to the corset. The longer piece is for the bottom, and the two shorter pieces are the bars that point upward. Mine was 7 inches for the bottom bar, 4 3/4 for the top bars.
So what do you think? I love the way you can use pops of color against white walls. I think my turquoise table, orange bookshelf and globes would be beautiful against a white background. Do you have white walls in your home? Is that by design or did you just inherit them when you moved in?
In a recent meeting with City Press editors, Malema “banned” Rampedi from all youth league ­activities after he’d reported on Malema’s business interests.
So yesterday I fulfilled by childhood dream and pretended I owned my own shop. imaginatively called Jane's Fabric Shop. I had the best time dividing up the fabric and parcelling it up for everybody. Yes, I may be 42 years of age (well, 43 next week actually…) but you're never too old to play shop.
John’s vision is deeply incarnational, as is the theology of the whole New Testament. “The Word became flesh and dwelt among us” is the proclamation of the Gospel of John, and of all the New Testament. Jesus Christ is Emmanuel, God with us, in every sense of being.
Two undercover police officers who have spent the past few years masquerading as a retired Metropolitan Police Service pantomime horse have today broken their silence following the arrest of a horse trainer, 49, and a flame-haired woman and former newspaper editor who shall remain nameless in any official utterances from the Metropolitan Police, 43, at their Oxfordshire home.
The Hand of Ethelberta
Mobile: 082 774 4011
So you can imagine that I’m quite protective of my garden. Imagine my chagrin when my usual morning plant inspection discovers a marigold looking almost dead with its roots pointing to the sky! What made it worse was that my discovery came the day after I found that Miss C had pinched all the marigold flowers for her special fairy potion! So I carefully replanted the marigold and watered it generously. Now, I would not have fallen apart had my marigold died, but it didn’t. It pulled through and is now looking as though nothing untoward ever happened. It made my day!
Lights are dancing on the other side of my eyelids, all I can hear is the drip drip drip of the IV stuck in my arm, a nervous smile on my face as I try to relax my muscles. Voices are echoing around me, people signing in, signing out, I absently bring my hands down to my belly. Patting it gently I open my eyes and look down at it, rubbing small circles where the tinniest bump is beginning to grow.
Top Shelf and Knockabout are to co-publish Eddie Campbell's new book The Lovely Horrible Stuff!, a delightful autobiographical voyage into the financial wilderness, ranging from the imaginary wealth of Ponzi schemes to the all-too-tangible stone currency of the Micronesian island of Yap.
6. Once I found a crow with a broken wing and took it to the vets wrapped in a blanket. They were all like "Aww what have you there - Yaargh!"
To make this purchase even better, the next day we were in Gap Kids and I spied a pair of black toe ballet flats for my 4 year old. Of course I could not resist the purchase since they looked just like mine and like my daughter would say we were twinsies!
I'm thinking I might have to break the rules. To be specific, one rule. Heinlein's second rule. I don't like to do this. I've always been loyal to Heinlein's five rules (or six if you include the extra one that Robert J Sawyer added, which I do) and they have each served me well. But sometimes... well.
New court documents show someone has asked Judge Belvin Perry to let Jose Baez go on Casey Anthony’s behalf.
In a small saucepan, melt butter on medium heat. Add flour and stir to make a roux. Continue stirring and let the roux bubble a bit, and sprinkle in a little pepper. Slowly add juice from the ham, stirring with a wire whisk. Stir constantly as the gravy thickens, then slowly add water, stirring to desired consistency.
I had also never heard the story of young English comic Des O’Connor’s first time playing the notorious Glasgow Empire where they famously hated all English acts. He went so badly on his first nightly performance that he figured the only thing he could do was pretend to faint, which he did and got carted off to the Royal Infirmary.
Juan Pablo Alvarez Cisneros, 23, Weehawken, N.J.
The iPhone guy is the person in the a group that ends up always having to look things up on their iPhone (or smartphones) when a question arises. My friend came up with the term when he started noticing that there were certain people that always had to be the iPhone guy; he was our iPhone guy. Whenever we wanted to see a movie or know the result of a game, we always asked the iPhone guy of our group because we knew that he would look it up on his phone. At one point, my friend was done being that guy and told us to look it up ourselves.
If, after the largest and most effective strike in a generation, we withdraw from further action in return for (at least in three out of four pension schemes) no more than a repackaging of the "offer" which we rightly rejected when it was made on 2 November, then we are offering this Government a sort of "accelerated 80s".
On April 11th, Sounds of Cinema partnered with the Winona State University English Department, Political Science Department, and Mass Communication Department to present a public screening of the documentary PoliWood on the Winona State campus. Directed by Barry Levinson, PoliWood examines the overlap of politics and entertainment. The documentary follows members of the Creative Coalition, a non-partisan organization of entertainers, as they visit the Democratic and Republican national conventions during the 2008 presidential campaign. Along the way, the film explores how entertainment and celebrity culture have shaped contemporary politics and what that means for the future of democracy. As Levinson puts it in the film, the challenge for entertainers and politicians is to survive the media circus but not become a clown. For the rest of us, the question is how we distinguish between fantasy and reality when contemporary culture conspires to make them indistinguishable.
story. You will want to read it again and again. The book is
Where did this list come from by the way? Did you ever wonder?
Picking out the best watch to wear for an event is just as critical as deciding on the appropriate pair of shoes. You wouldn’t wear your old running sneakers to an organization meeting just like you wouldn’t wear any old sports watch to a nice dinner date. It does not need to be difficult to discover the best watch.
Everyone: awkward silence
He holds her helpless breast upon his breast.
Fourth, that a number of thinkers, writers and poets with connections to the Romantic movement such as Shelley, Leigh Hunt and Thomas Love Peacock, considered Paganism a remnant of a great universal religion of the distant past, elements of which were to be found in all the major religions practice by civilized humanity, from which contemporary NeoPaganism is descended.
1/4 to 1/2 t ground black pepper
“Channie – ah.”
was written in 1890 by Mrs. M.E. Willson and
Why is Monday so important you ask? Why can’t we just roll over in bed and wait for Tuesday? Simple really, Monday is the day of the week that you get to start over fresh. You just had two great days off and now have a chance to kick off another great work or school week for yourself. Yea, it’s nice to sleep in and if Monday never came around, Tuesday would be just as bad.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is Lisbeth Salander, a slightly unusual but highly gifted private investigator working in Stockholm. The titular girl is not the main protagonist in this first instalment. That falls to Mikail Blomkvist, the charming magazine publisher who at the start of the novel loses a libel case and exiles himself fom the business world to recover. He is soon approached to write a biography of the renowned Henrik Vanger, CEO of Vanger Enterprises, and his family. Part of his commission is also to investigate the disappearance of Vanger's great-niece decades earlier.
But you've gotta make your own kind of music
I made a start on a big clean up this afternoon. I do love a declutter, as many of you will know. I cleared out a fair bit of junk, and I haven't even started on my wardrobe yet. I found about 300 of those tiny snaplock plastic bags with a spare button that you seem to get with every new item of buttonable clothing.
“But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it”. Romans 8:25
X A site plan drawn to scale, if applicable;
From the poem Two Tramps in Mud Time
Hi everyone! It's been rainy and yucky here for the past couple of days (and I'm not complaining because we really need the rain here in Central Texas) and for me that's just perfect for staying in and getting some crafting done. My best friend's daughter had her first baby, a girl, last Wednesday and I decided to make a few things for her. I've had the Yudu Mini for a couple of months and haven't really used it much, just to practice on the cards that came with it really. Anyway, after seeing Nadia's post here I decided to give it a try. If you don't know who she is, Nadia is one of the most amazing crafters ever! I don't think there's anything she can't do and isn't good at. She always shares her hard work and gives great directions. I'm so glad I read them because I'm sure it saved me a lot of frustration.
You'll notice that the second requirement specifies both partners. Too often, change is driven by a single partner and ignored by the other.
As before I think it’s just a matter of convenience and getting over that will benefit everyone. Monetarily, globally, and local areas are all to reap benefits if we all do something more than we currently are doing towards sustainability. As an avid outdoor enthusiast and sportsman I feel good about making these changes as it should create less of a demand on hydroelectric facilities and other electrical creation facilities which will benefit the outdoors as much as it does the indoors.
The word rake is believed to be a shortened form of rakehell, derived from the Middle English rakel. Rakel has connotations of wanderlust and rash decision making. The Rake is typically a womanizer, a gambler, and a duelist; occasionally he’s a poet. He can range from a dastardly libertine who get girls pregnant and leaves them to poverty and social exile to the genteel highwayman, stealing from the rich to give to the poor (or some more context appropriate way of sticking it to society), who is only in need of the right woman to put him on the right path.
5) What's next in your painting future?
before cutting the yarn flush.You could do this more than once and it's the same method I've used to weave in ends in the squares themselves
Lesson #3: Get your seeds in earlier. This was mostly my fault since I had two yards of soil to move, a needy six month old back in the spring, and a job. It took a bit longer than I though to build the bed and move the dirt. The first seeds didn't get in until late May.
down on this
Yes, eReading is and will continue to be a niche. When Amazon and Kobo recently launched tablet versions of their eReaders, they also opened the door to mass appeal. If you buy the Kobo, you can also play Angry Birds. If you have a good Wifi connection you can also browse and watch videos on Youtube (not HD ones though). For those of us who love eReading, there are more and more books available on eReaders and libraries now offer eBook loans, which load a book on your computer and device and then erase it when it is “due”. And the opportunity to finally share all of this as you are reading is amazing.
-You only purchase pajamas that can be worn as an outfit in public
The former part and the latter one in a verse is well balanced in general, and if this tanka wouldn't be an exceptional, her regret must be profoundly important matter that is related to her fundamental issue.
Probably since sometime during last year, I came to learn about a tele-conversion lens option (x 1.7) for my Sony DSC-H1 camera. The unfortunate part was in finding out about them way so late, since that camera is now discontinued.
Pat O'Connor - Don't Start Reading This Story Unless You Are Sitting Down
Do you realize how many lies you have told all the while using the words “transparent” and “accountable”?
44. Mail from the post office – a card of thank you
Design ~ The Busy Needle
Christy had a great idea to alter bags. My oldest daughter loved the idea, so we took one of her old bags from when she was a toddler ( it had Ariel the Mermaid on it ), and we recreated a fun bag for her to carry her art stuff in!!
6.) The Kinks – Village Green Preservation Society / 1968
No problem, I'm an all-powerful Wish-Granting Dude, of course I'd go for World Peace. I'd turn all guns and explosives around the world into donuts and danishes that way all the soldiers around the world would be too stuffed to fight. All the world leaders would have their offices turned into hot-tubs, because its a well known scientific fact that it impossible to declare war whilst soaking in bubbling 110-degree water. Conflicts will be settled by football and rugby matches. And any real disputes will be settled by a court consisting of Mr. Clean, the Keebler Elves, and Yoda; because they exemplify the fundamental aspects of cleanliness, industriousness, and wisdom. And since they are all fictitious they can't really be threatened or coerced. So, World Peace is taken care of. Got anything harder?
Scientists tell us that certain chemicals flood our bloodstream when we thank and honor those to whom we are indebted. The same hormones that prompt us to choke up when football commentator Howie Long thanks the troops eventually start to back up in the brain, prompting an overall feeling of fullness and, ultimately, coma.
Having achieved major releases in early 2012, Progrezo Records is pleased to presents its new under the sleeve ace, ‘Fall’, featuring a dedicated compilation of various-artists, including some brand new additions to the label family with a fresh and solid sound to hit the finest electronic music.
So then Gulloy and one of the other guys talk about how Val Kilmer looks like this drifter that they beat the crap out of after Detective Black’s daughter went missing. The logical thing to do would be tell Detective Black immediately, but of course they wait until at least one more person dies first…meanwhile Val Kilmer speaks in riddles, leers creepily and talks in a low voice. Boring.
So recently I got the Clarisonic. I’d heard great things about it but the price had kept me away but then a model, who I follow on Instagram, posted a pic of hers and said how much she loved it so I decided to give it a try. I got the Clarisonic Pro which has 4 speeds, the most out of the entire Clarisonic family and it’s said to be sold by skin care professionals only but shh! I got mine online.
New York: February 17, 1944
in search of the sun
To test the effect of the acidity levels, the researchers immersed samples of human tooth enamel in each beverage for 15 minutes, followed by immersion in artificial saliva for two hours. This cycle was repeated four times a day for five days, and the samples were stored in fresh artificial saliva at all other times.
Bananarama Robert de Niro’s waiting UK
Heather suggested a crock to do some lacto-fermentation . I agree that this is a great low cost, method of food preservation. I am just breaking into some kimchi that I made at a class I took last summer about lacto-fermentation. But I would also add that some wide mouth canning jars would work if you have limited funds. A crock would be a great addition to the kitchen. I have also used baked bean crocks for small batches.
And what red-blooded male doesn’t? After all, marriage is between a man and a woman, right?
Alexander was born the son of Olympias and Philip, in the Summer of 356 BC. By virtue of being born the son of the previous king, he became the king of Macedon when he turned 20. However, Alexander wanted more. This could partially be attributed to his genetic makeup as his mom Olympias was an extremely ambitious lady, and also partially to his tutor Aristotle (wonder why I feel the need to bring Aristotle in? Perhaps because had he not taught Geography to Alexander, he wouldn’t have been able to plan right.)
*Cut two petals of the Scallop Edge Borde to place them on the cut end
3) Philadelphia 76ers (23-17) @ New York Knicks (18-21), Sunday/11 am, NBATV
10. Bulky
This is all well and good, except for the fact that I have absolutely no idea what the yarn is. And, being me, this starts making me crazy when I try to put the project into Ravelry. So I spent several hours last night going through my blog archives and trying to find where I posted about the yarn, since I seem to recall that it was a gift. I never posted. But I did find the stash pic above which gave me a clue about when I got it.
Whoops! That was a longer than intended break from blogging. As you know, I am well into writing my thesis at the moment & this has been sucking all my attention. Not that I mind ... I am actually really enjoying being so focused on my current chapter.
NO2ID has previously pointed out that this scheme is “leapfrogging China” and will ensure Britain remains the most watched society on earth.
Flying Dog - Pearl Necklace Oyster Stout & K-9 Cruiser Winter Ale
Want to know how Sparkles became a fire safety dog or what a typical day is like at the fire station? The program will also include a question and answer time in which your students can ask these questions and more!
There are a couple of side stories and, to warn you, rape is not precluded, sex is more graphic and violence is front and center far more than in the rest of the story. Just a heads up. I still read them and find them good, but they're a darker set so be forewarned. None of the stuff in adult swim is really suitable for children.
9-10-05 Form: 14/311101/415312/03F-30P01 Owner: JP McManus
Part of the reason why I couldn’t see was that he has a very calm, nice, cheerful demeanor. He doesn’t seem like a “bad guy” at all. Also, I’d never heard of passive aggressive behavior.
Hi everyone! I know my friends in Texas are going to throw tomatoes or rotten eggs at me, but the last 3 days in Atlanta have been sooo gorgeous! Mornings in the low 60s, days in the high 80s, sunny and so pleasant! I found a great little garden at work, outside the cafeteria at the Emory Children's hospital, where I have been taking my lunch each day to catch a few minutes of this beautiful weather and pretty scenery:) Another day I will share a picture of this little oasis...
For one, it's silk. Armpits + silk = wrinkles. For two, the shape is wrong. For three...well, I can't think of three, but it's just not quite there. In the past, the colour would have been enough for me to pass on it, but I've had a change of heart when it comes to pink. It does good things to my pale (and aging) skin. It helps that I am not a natural redhead (I'm a brunette).
It infuriates me when people focus on the 3 months of “vacation time” teachers have, when really it amounts to only 4 weeks, if you take into account how much of that time we spend preparing our classroom and curriculum for the following year, and how much of our breaks are spent doing work. And how we have “plenty of time off each month”? NO, we don’t. Those PA Days are for meetings, board-wide professional development initiatives, or writing report cards. Weekends? Non-existent.
A recent article in our regional daily, the Rhein-Neckar Zeitung, grabbed my attention simply because it had a photo of beer. Not that unusual in a German paper perhaps, but this short piece went under the title "Der Champagner des Biertrinkers". Another one, I thought. It opens describing the beer as smelling of malt, and hops (well, that's a good start), and tasting of sweet malt, elegant hops and a malty-fruity finish. So far so un-champagne-y. Brewed in 2010, it says, it will develop well in the bottle till 2017. Ok, that sounds more interesting, as most Germans seem to prefer drinking the beer as fresh as possible. But what is it?
Number Three. Mispar Shalosh. Last year, the Omer was a particularly poignant time. My wife and I were returning to America two days before Shavuot, which meant that, after Pesach, every night when we counted the Omer, we were in effect counting the days until we left. We were terribly sad to leave Israel, and I think that every day we spoke of Aliyah. And so we got the most out of those days. We had something like 49 straight days of intense Israel interaction. I think I probably had falafel thirty days in a row. And it was maybe a little gross, but it was also deeply spiritually meaningful. I spent nearly 49 days thinking: how will I bring Israel back when I am in America? How will I make Zionism a part of my rabbinate?
I have been raised by the most loving, caring mother in the world, and for that I'm am truly thankful. And to all the ladies I know who have the hardest, most important, and most rewarding job in the world, I wish you a special day today, and hope that you take the time to celebrate the fabulous person that is YOU! Happy Mother's Day!
Of these cases, 200 of them (90%) were associated with importation of the disease from other countries, and in most of those cases, the patients were either unimmunized against measles or had unknown immune status. Of the patients eligible for vaccination, 76% of them had refused the MMR vaccine either for religious, philosophical, or personal objections. The sudden increase in measles outbreaks in the US demonstrates the fact that the disease remains endemic elsewhere in the world, and that surveillance and active immunization remains our best defense against further domestic outbreaks.
This picture appears to be from Germany. I have never been to Germany, but I would very much like to go. I love beer and the Lady Gaga song, “Schiebe”. Now, I did not create this picture by standing on that pier and expertly adjusting my lenses to deal with the evening light or lack thereof. However, I am an expert searcher and it was my incredible use of the search terms “gorgeous” and “landscapes” typed into the search box on flickr that yielded this image. These are nuances you can not learn in art college. For example, had I used the terms, “toad” and “summer” I would have come up with this image:
But over the last week, a week of low energy, low morale, and low levels of fitness and healthy eating – I came back to this mat, now, awakened by that week. It was merely a week to pass through, amidst a month requiring only continued breath to survive. Funny, I made so many other demands upon myself.
Why don’t our churches look like that first one?
If you did not arrive here from the Catch The Bug Challenge Blog you should definitely go there for all of the Official rules and to find some AMAZING inspiration from my fellow very talented Design Team members.
And state Senator Carl Kruger, always a project booster--and also a recipient of campaign cash from FCR officials--continued his vociferous support.
David Cortez, a 22-year-old immigrant who spent two years in jail for shooting a black, told Mr. Miller, “Just give us three or four years, and we’ll take over. There will be more of us.” Blacks at least, if not the Open Borders lobby, know he’s on to something.
Matthews suggests the timing is right. He told the Chronicle of Higher Education that, once Poly’s bond payments come due in 2011, “someone could bargain with us with our backs against the wall... Right now we have the wind in our sails."
But now his eyes are drooping with fatigue.
When I was pregnant with Casper, I decided that if I was going to be a mummy, I needed an extra mumsy cardigan to wear whilst baking banana muffins and wiping snotty noses.
On March 16, The UC Davis Dateline newsletter for faculty and staff announced the closure of the UC Davis branch office of the US Bank and the cancellation by the bank of its contract with the University. The closure of the branch and cancellation of the contract were due to a blockade of the branch office carried out by student and faculty protesters from January through March. It is important to understand the political content of this blockade: the demonstrators continually stated their opposition to the substitution of private contracts for public funding of the UC system, and they continually pointed out conflicts of interest related to University contracts with corporations profiting from student loan interest as the UC administration continues to increase tuition, thus forcing many students to take out increased loans.
(bottle rockets 11.2)
The Rusty Spurs
I then die cut the image and all the mats using Labels Four again. I glued 3 different ribbons together (not sure I'll do this again...little stiff)for the ribbon portion, then I used Lables 13 (Spellbinders) for the top of the bookmark. I added some adhesive pearls and a flower.
Say break and steak, but bleak and streak;
Though young, the people insisted that he should be placed as the Mayor, instead of that old rubbish vice Mayor called Zigger, when Mayor Lor was in his death bed. Aside from being tall, dark and handsome, he’s also kind, just and responsible. He was known for having a huge scar in his left hand. But he never told anyone where did he get it.
Fast forward until June 9, 2011, and here we are again to repeat the tests. It was a good time to test him again because it is always better to go under anesthesia or sedation when you are not sick. First Brett got some Versed to relax him while they inserted an IV line and began his sedation.
We could braid flowers in your hair
Anyway, take a look of the blogs, I can highly recommend it.
It is now very difficult to integrate those who are already in Singapore because they have come in such big numbers that they tend to congregate within their own communities than to reach out to the rest of Singapore.
at all this year.
We flopped down in the grass and stared up at the clouds waiting for our Mamas to call us for supper.
Third, Smith attempts an educated guess regarding Ratner’s projected profits: $1 billion, according to a reading of Ratner’s nearly-illegible and brief pro-forma cash flow statement filed with the MTA, or $700 million to $1 billion according to “real-estate expert Jeffrey Jackson” (whose firm specializes in appraisals).
--You will know when your child has completely mastered an operation. And more importantly, your child will know it, too!
Winner: The Kernel
Who more than self their country loved, And mercy more than life."
Gilb may indeed believe that he made the boy silent because the white culture has made the Mexican American silent, but nothing in the story itself suggests this, while everything in the story suggests that the boy’s silence is because of the taboo nature of what the boy feels about his mother’s secret sexuality and the lust of the men who pursue her.
But who wants to see a blog where everything looks perfect?
So, using editors licence,
Coffee: 3:30pm, Statistics lounge (MSB 4110, 4th floor)
All six are enjoying huge profits after failing to pass on a sharp fall in the wholesale cost of gas and electricity to customers.
Lately, I’ve confided to close friends that my overall sense of frustration with the world of good beer and my place in it, both personally and professionally, is escalating. It’s a sure sign of cognitive dissonance that more and more often, I find myself dreading those occasions when I must stand up in front of people and preach the gospel of craft beer. Why am I being bothered?
Looked good on the outside and from the website, but almost as soon as I entered the front doors, I wanted to bolt. It was unorganized, appeared to be understaffed (and the staff that were there were just sort of standing around watching the kids, not engaging at all), and OMG it was utter fucking chaos. My tour guide didn't know the answers to half of the questions I was asking, and the whole place just reminded me of "Lord of the Flies". There were about 100 kiddos just going nuts all over the place. Seriously. I kept looking for the kid holding the conch. When I finally got the helloutta there, I had a horrible sick feeling, like I'd been kicked in the gut. I was terrified that the next tour would yield the same results, and then we'd be screwed.
Also, I’m thinking that those of us with a few extra pounds may finally appreciate this fact when models and actresses begin fading away in the streets.
Cause deep down I know
Latitude; 37°04.48’S
While there, according to a Gainesville Police Department arrest report, the man saw his stolen property in the driveway at 6506 NW 33rd Terrace.
Nigerian football legend and former African footballer of the year (1993) Rashidi Yekini is dead.
-Free Shipping!
I think it was actually making me feel worse. So last night I cracked open the house design software again and worked more on our house plan. I also looked up house plans, I love looking through them.
"So this antifreeze use Organic Acid's and is free from silicates right?", I started. "I had been using the Dex-Cool in my system but had read a lot on the automotive boards and in discussions online that the Dex-Cool had issues with sludge formation when in the presence of highly oxygenated environment. What are your thoughts on this?"
Ten (across state line) moves
Next question: Where to begin? Gathering from around my house, I’ve filled glass jars with beads, buttons, rocks, sea glass, shells etc. I’ve been filling gauze wine bags with light supplies like tinsel and hanging in the open. Several bulletin boards, desk, work tables, are being arranged and rearranged to find what speaks best and loudest to me. January is the main month to revamp my space, however, there has to be a system to keep control the rest of the year. I’m working on that too!
In keeping with the new age we live in, I planned this year’s trip by text. And without fail, after the date was agreed upon yesterday, I got texts from all my girls saying things like I can’t wait! I miss you!!! Love you!
Don't save me any salmon pie now cos I have seen enough fish for this week'
“The shifts in tone from all out action, tense scenes where they are trying to find a way out of the situation, and a sense of sorrow and impending hopelessness added to the realism of the situation.”
Para contains three loosely connected moments all held in a sort of arrest. The first moment is a man brooding at a keyboard who decides to swivel out of his chair presumably to play his horn. His chair is perched on some sort of disgusting blob and he languishes out of it without noticing the patch of luminosity above the piano keys. The man’s motion leads him down a long thick curtain where we find a couple, revealed by passage of cloth pulled back. The male part of the couple is ready to enter what might be a room hidden behind the curtain and he tries to pull his limp, reticent female counterpart into the space. Not only does she not want to go, but she has no interest in carrying her cello, which she allows to fall towards the floor. The last moment of the work is a still life to the right of the man and the couple, a dense table of mysterious stuff including a multitude of pulp books or tapes, an anvil and hammer, and a dragon or a griffin. The word “Para” floats above the beast.
all information on a book’s product page – send a meta-message to potential buyers. When people look at a product page, they get an impression, good or bad, of the book and that impression influences their purchase decision. Obviously, some readers base their decision solely on the description; still, it’s hard not to notice that a newly published book has 20 or 30 reviews. If reviews are generally good, better yet.
Video is a biggie. Look at this graph below, showing the last 20 years of where internet traffic is coming from and more importantly going to.
I know that we’re aging, becoming more mature. Our oldest daughter just got married last October. Our son is independent enough that we can no longer claim him on our taxes (argh!). Our bonus baby, well, she’s not a baby any longer – in a month she’ll be in double-digits (and high heels if she has her way). I look in the mirror and see a weathered (been through lots of weather – this motherhood thing isn’t for cowards or priss-misses, I’m telling you.) mother of three who is patiently (not) waiting for my first grandchild. But what really blutterbungs me is those moments that catch you by surprise. It’s not like I don’t look at him every day, you know? But there are those moments… I turn over to say goodnight to my husband of twenty-five years and find on his side of the bed a blepharon instead of Kevin. I rub my eyes, open and close them a few times, and I remind myself that he, too, is getting older. Then I can’t help but lie awake wondering what he sees when he turns over in the early morning light and finds me. Eh.
Communications Manager
From southeastern Nepal, however, such as the town of Gaighat, it will be 100%. It seems a shame to be so close to a 100% eclipse and not actually witness it somehow. Of course, all this is dependent on weather. I could go allll the way to Gaighat - and, being in the Terai, it is subject to bandhs and road blockages - and not see the eclipse due to weather.
Cuttlebug "polka dot" embossing folder
One of the loveliest things for me when visiting NYC is the access you have to extraordinary people... You know from my last post, that I spent a couple of days with Holly Becker and her troupe of talented friends (photographer Debi Treloar and the lovely Daniel)... It's crazy, that after so many years of following her blog (and Debi's work) that I was able to sit with them and chat about life, love and everything in between... What a gift... And through Holly, I met the indefatigable Amy Atlas... A true sweetheart - kind, generous and inspiring... The world of dessert is the ideal place for such a lovely gal to be spending her days... A couple of days later, I went along to hear Alain de Botton speak about his new book, Religion for Atheists (he also wrote Architecture of Happiness amongst other things) up at the 92Y - a small auditorium, filled with only 100 people. Lou Reed was sitting only a couple of rows ahead! Then it was another talk by Deepak Chopra speaking with ecologist Vandana Shiva about the Future of our Food supply... This was held at ABC Homebase - a small space held within ABC Carpet and Home (possibly the most beautiful place in the world)... Next week, I've managed to secure 4 seats at a taping of one of Martha's shows... And I just cant wait for that one. We've been told to wear happy spring colours, and so I'm cracking open my fluro pumps and bright pink J Crew sweater!
Snake print green scarf:: Thrifted
It was actually Aaron's idea to go skating. He originally wanted to go ice skating, but Kasoma quickly shot that idea down! The last time we went ice skating, he hurt his wrist when he fell and he was willing to chance that again, lol. So he suggested roller skating instead, and that made everybody happy ;)
My great grandparents were both from Palermo, Sicily and this is a cookie that they brought with them from the "old country". As the story goes (as told by my dad), my great grandmother and her sister would start making these cookies around Thanksgiving. My father and his cousin would plant themselves in the kitchen when they heard all the swearing. They knew what that meant. Cookies! The sisters would make batches and batches and store them in old potato chip tins. When my great grandfather would try to sneak one, his wife would slap his hand away and yell in Italian. The two boys would giggle and she would hand them each a cookie. This would make my great grandfather throw up his hands in defeat.
"Philip Dick found his own science-fictional epiphany. He swore blind, in fact, that a satellite was firing into his brain an information-rich pink laser from orbit."
I'm off to my garden to gather some Daisy's, Campanula and Lambs ear for moms garden before it gets too warm. I think I will have lunch on the porch today surrounded by favorite magazines....and perhaps even a glass of wine!
But before you ask, “What kind of idiot would ask a stranger for a sip of his coffee?” know that it doesn’t take a mistake as bizarre as the examples above to kill a perfectly good interview. There are a plenty of less ridiculous but equally detrimental interview gaffes that job candidates — even smart ones — make all the time.
In my opinion, it doesn’t matter if you show the violent cartoons or not. It’s not going to make your kid into a wimp or a serial killer. What’s important is how the real people in that child’s life act. The real-life fighting, how does it go down? The real-life discipline.
- Trifold Brochure 5x5 (back and front)
Hitherto our army generals (the COAS-cum CMLA’s-cum Presidents) have been lecturing us only on dangers that this country faces and they as Supremos of Pakistan army are the only saviors, the only judge to decide on patriotism of an ordinary Pakistani. Anybody who opposed their government (which was in every case, without any single exception100 percent dictatorial) was either a mulk-dushman or agent of somebody who is outright determined to undo this land.
Gosh santa will be with us in a few days! eeekk are ya excited are ya are ya???
3 straightforward
Jesus satisfied God’s wrath toward sin in his death.
Adam and Eve said, ‘Lord, when we were in the garden, you walked with us every day. Now we do not see you anymore. We are lonesome here, and it is difficult for us to remember how much you love us.’
2. Whizz the wholemeal bread in a food processor! (I used my blender and it created perfect bread crumbs.) Transfer the bread crumbs to a plate
…And what a shake-up indeed! With Perd Hapley reporting the news that Bobby Newport’s poll numbers are plummeting, things are starting to look up for Leslie’s campaign. She’s closer than ever to winning this whole thing, thanks to campaign manager and “sexy hummingbird,” Ben.
I love Pampers and Huggies. Why? Well, they fit my kiddos nicely, don't leak and offer sensitive varieties for their tender tushies... but, above all else, I love them because I rack up points every time I purchase their products! Woot! (Seriously, if you use either one of these brands, I highly recommend signing up for their rewards programs. It's worth it. They have everything from gift cards and magazine subscriptions to toys and Shutterfly offers.)
Last month, I mentioned my friend, Alex, an artist friend (see The Unbalanced Tango Faculty). My conversations with Alex have taught me some things about the art world, which have some great parallels to the art of tango. He told me that the students at the prestigious art school he attended noticed a trend: The best teachers tended not be the best "performers." The students called this the "dumb jock syndrome" -- a phenomenon they all had experienced in their high school and undergraduate years: Some great athlete would be able to play very well, but the same athlete perhaps was not the best spokesperson for the sport, nor not necessarily the best candidate to coach others.
"On 16 November the new government presented itself to Parliament.... received an overwhelming vote of confidence ... Only Mussolini's old enemy Turati, the spokesman of the Socialists rejected the government ... but not even all the Socialist deputies voted against."
A change of focus and the suggestion is about eating and cooking with the soft detail of La Cornue in the background...The woven place-mats almost blend with the china and the violet nose of the garlic seems to barely brush the taupe linen napkin...
I am loving watching her grow, I am loving how different, yet how similar my two sweet ones are, I love watching them interact with one another. The princess loves having her big brother read to her, he reads his favourite books which he knows page from page, her favourite is Where is the Green Sheep by Mem Fox - I think it has something to do with all the funny voices that he uses.
Although billed in many places as a black comedy, this movie, by the writer/director/composer of The Blue Umbrella and Omkara, among others, is an intense drama with lots of tension and little true humor. Priyanka Chopra does an incredible job here of portraying a woman with a hollow center of loneliness and despair that she tries to fill with love. However, every man that she picks to involve herself with is fatally flawed – fatally because she is unable to handle the flaws and therefore kills him. At one point during the film, one character asks another why she doesn’t just walk away from these loser husbands, divorce them instead of killing them? The other character responds with a story. When the Saheb (master) was young, there were two paths that she could walk to get to school. Both paths were equal in length and difficulty. One day, a mean dog started lingering on one of the paths, rushing out to terrify her as she walked. Saheb could have taken the other path, but she didn’t. What she did do was get her father’s Mouser gun, conceal it on her as she walked, and the next time the dog rushed at her, she blew it away. This is not someone who runs away from a problem in the hopes that someone else will deal with it. No, this is someone who leaps blindly and wholeheartedly into relationships, and then, when things go desperately wrong, finishes what she started.
________________________________________________
3 place
I cringe when things are described as "lifestyle choices" because to me that terminology negates the significance of choices, just as describing Katniss' actions as those of a love-struck teenager negates the significance of what she did. Lifestyle choices implies everything is equal and meaningless. Is homeschooling a lifestyle choice? Yes, of course it is but it isn't just that. It is a statement also of what I believe is important in life and what I believe has meaning. It is choosing to reject the school model for education, the list of standards provided by the schools and the idea that parents should focus on their economic roles rather than parenting. It is a lifestyle choice... with reason attached.
Farmer #2: We’ve done a great job planning and tomorrow it’s time to start working the earth.
And time future contained in time past.
So some things about this fly: Apparently the name comes the Greek meaning something along the lines of "dark-bellied dew lover" and in the wild, I think that's about the only thing I can think of that stands out. And their wings beat at about 220 times per second.
The arrests were made on Tuesday, and 20 plasma television sets were recovered.
happy birthday, dee dee.. *w*
In every matter an expert is sought for advice and guidance. One who has no experience has no choice but to blindly follow the expert in any field. Yet for one’s Islah which concerns success or failure in the Hereafter, there are objections raised regarding taking advice from a Shaykh.
1-in-325
"as for that royal pair it was discreetly mentioned in the papers over here, they're cousins, distant cousins. man, i got thrown outta a bookies yesterday for asking if they did odds on terrorists attacking the whole thing, and if htey give out different odds on different organizations. but i hope they fucking do, and all hte fawning dickheads they got on the sky news tonight as well, blow em all to kingdom come! she's a sleeket bitch who has been i think placed under some sort of mk ultra like programming - and he is as useful as a paper shower curtain. he is dumb as dirt, and while he was v.sweet sixteen, handsome ways, he has now lost all his hair and his head is in the shape of a peanut. she, though, she's lovely. but now v.skinny. i thought once that if she appears on the money soon as queen it means you can have a wank over your money, yeah, vpretty...saying that by the time she's queen she be old and withered and have a resemblance to an old man's finger.""god in heaven! I hate em both!!!
At the end of the day, I consider myself Puerto Rican. Nothing else to it. And I will continue to try to discover what that means to me, and why I feel connected to those roots.
We got the kiddo’s dressed and since snow has showed it’s pretty little (unwelcomed) face, we busted out the coat box.
Horses will cause you to examine other ways of solving problems whether those problems involve the beliefs you have about yourself, interpersonal challenges or communication issues.
My mom and sisters embraced it even more than me and my dad.
Salamander Energy plc’s Exploration Blocks And Field Details 20
We, like every year, had 3 days of Christmas celebrations!
Man comes closer to God through the questions he asks Him, he liked to say. Therein lies true dialogue. Man asks and God replies. But we don’t understand His replies. We cannot understand them. Because they dwell in the depths of our souls and remain there until we die. The real answers, Eliezer, you will find only within yourself.
According to the Oxford definition, a Bluestocking is a woman with strong scholarly or literary interests.
Season with a generous amount of salt (kosher salt would be great) and cracked black pepper.
5. You protect your team as if your life (at least, professional one) depended on it.
and last week, for the first time,
Happy New Year, Everyone! Here's hoping it's a far sight better than its recent predecessors for us all. :-)
“Ok, I’ll tell you something I’ve never told anyone before,” she said. “My husband won’t go down on me.”
Answers: You already know the answers. If you don't hear from me for a while, I'll sign on again once I arrive in Bora Bora.
- Shrimp / Thai Chili Sauce and Blue Cheese
We all know by now that type 2 diabetes is an epidemic. We’re seeing words like crisis andrunaway all over the news and in the journals. Heart disease rates have been cut in half since the staggering margarine days of the 1980s, but diabetes has swiftly risen to fill that gaping void and meet the challenge of Completely Unnecessary Disease Epidemic.
My eyes doth close, then open wide
The first floor accommodates the master bedroom and the child’s room; however, the family spends most of their time on the second floor.
But where my beef lies....is if you are that serious about stopping the demand, hence STOPPING production....then in my opinion you need to stop using ANY of the following things.
A major problem on many levels.
Conflans is a small town about 45 minutes outside the centre of Paris. The train leaves from St Lazare, and costs about €4.50 each way, ish. There are two stations - we went to the more central one, Conflans-St Honorine but there is apparently another that you may wish to explore.
She says it’s in your mind. And a man who thinks knives is just as bad as a man who uses knives. She says don’t paint anymore pictures for me. She turns on her heel and walks away.
I asked about the digital era and if he thought the Hispanic market’s technological advances lagged behind because they were set in their ways or if it was due to other factors. He provided some insight on the cultural inner workings of certain countries, “I don’t believe Latin America was resistant, you have countries like Brazil or Uruguay that can go head to head with big digital powers like India. The thing was that in terms of cost and availability, it lags behind. For example, in Puerto Rico ‘Hi-Speed Internet’ is just 6MB and it costs two times more that what you pay here for a 25-36MB connection. Another example, in Venezuela it’s very common to see people at cyber-cafés just to play, study or check their Facebooks since not everyone has the money to buy a PC or cover the costs of a monthly connection.”
It’s a game that to be any good at you have to be quick (physically and mentally), quick reactions, and a decent level of fitness. I’m normally very chilled out and relaxed, but when playing I get very competitive…especially if I’m making mistakes.
4/1/13 – Full implementation for all customers* in areas 8, 9, and 15.
There were so many amazing entries this week that we are so happy to let Mr Random.org make the decision for us. So, the winner of the
Broadband at work or at home makes using the Internet such a pleasure. Most everyone now has a wireless router to distribute their broadband connection to desktop, laptop and notebook computers, plus tablets, e-readers and games. But what happens when you leave the building? Oh, oh. Nothing connects anymore.
For Cade, there’s only one way to stop them — by tracking the dead himself…crossing the most sacred of battle lines…and facing his own terrifying demons.
The reason we have a salacious love affair with facts is due to how easy they are to get (iThingy) and also how easy they are to test. “Great Little Bobby you scored 8 out of 10 on your Fitness Trainer Cert.” …Feel empowered to spread your wealth of facts and not true knowledge.”. This is not something that is new and if you happened to grow up in good ole ‘Merica? Our education system is entirely built on facts and committing to memory important dates in history (for the most part). Don’t believe us? Ask a ‘Merican if a Kit Kat is a cookie or a biscuit? The answer you will get is that it is a candy bar, fact! Period, argument over. Look here it even says so on wiki-i-know-nothing!!! Now ask this same question to someone who lives of the glimmering side of the pond? Pour a nice cup of PG Tips and prepare to debate Kit Kat’s!!!
whacked me with snowballs;
Deep fry the tofu in hot oil until golden brown. Remove the tofu, drain away excess oil and put aside. Heat up pan and put in 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil. Sauté garlic until fragrant and put in the carrot. Add leeks and salt to taste. Pour in a little water and fry for a short while. Serve hot with steamed rice.
While I’ve said plodders have just as much of a right to be there as anyone else, it does annoy me that these ridiculous trends have popped up as a result of them. Because of these people running for “fun” you see idiots POSTING ON TWITTER WHILE THEY RUN. You see people posing for race pictures. You see women planning the “perfect outfit” NOT for utility, but for cuteness. (Maybe some men too.)
Her Kinder teacher was often astounded at how Popps could look around the room and proclaim that there was just nothing to do, if she couldn't go outside on the monkey bars.
Not much sewing through the week. I did manage to finish quilting Anna's rainbow quilt, just need to get the binding on now. I love the baptist fans on this one. This is the reason why I wanted to learn how to do these, just for this rainbow quilt. Just need to get the binding on and throw it in the washer and it's done. Not only that but it's done 2 weeks ahead of time, wow, that's a first!! Well ok, the binding isn't on there yet :)
Have a great week!!!
and of course the proverbial weenies in bar-b-que sauce ( which Jamie added some of my blackberry jelly to it ) yum! Also got to use my retro 1950's cocktail picks and it's always a good time for me when I get a chance to use them!
Now, it also appears that some in the Senate are going to get their pound of flesh from Rep. Greenwood. All of his bills which have passed in the House (unanimously none the less) are stuck in the Senate Rules Committee. They are getting their revenge on him for trying to protect your sensitive information because the Republican and Democrat parties want the information.
Fast forward almost 7 years. These days I would do anything to get a massage. I whip my underwear off and jump under that blanket so quickly that my brain doesn't have a moment to debate. That's what happens when you have 2 kids, a lot of your prudishness goes out the window and the thought of doing something for me that is actually relaxing is just the icing on the cake. Yesterday I went for my first massage over the last 2 years. What is it about massage, when you have those knots that need to be worked out and it kinda hurts as they knead them but its also kind of good? I still see Jaime, she's got to hear what has happened over the last 7 years, I know about her dog, her other job and she has had to listen to my stories of births and life as a mother. For me now, if I could I would have a massage every day. If I ever become rich and famous I would forgo the huge house and thousands of money spent on clothes if I could get a massage every day. My new point of view is "Sod the Brit thing and bring on the touchy feely therapists!"
I laugh at my innocence.
Okay so, I wanted to show you all how I do my make-up for work! This is a bit of a pic spam, but I hope you like it! I ALWAYS wear my circle lenses to work - the big ass bambi ones, this is because I'm hoping I can freak out enough customers so that they won't bother me with annoying or picky orders. Seems to be working so far! Hehe, anyway - on with the post!
So all in all, if you want good writing advice, avoid Constance Hale. On the evidence of this article, she does not know what she is talking about.
This is a reprint of one of Patricia's very first books, and as a writer myself I found it very interesting not only to read some of her older work, but to read the author's note with her own impressions of it around (IIRC) 20 years later
Unfortunately when I arrive home I'm so tired that once the family are loved, fed, entertained and settled to bed, I'm ready to be in the same place myself. So not a lot else happening here. Ooh, yes there is - the scarf to go with the hat! Same Wendy Serenity, another lacy pattern, two thirds done so one third (or one hank) to go. Yes, yes, I know, I said there would be no new projects until the old ones were finished. Well guess what - I lied! Go on, tell me you don't have a queue of half finished works......
If you ever thought this team was just about beads, think again! I’ve put together a quick guide to a whole range of wonderful creations that will make ideal gifts. (If, that is, you can bear to give them away.)
I came home and Claudy had taken these photos. Claudy has this Haitian jacket and I guess wanted to have Carter get into the festivities by draping it on him. I'm prideful, but I think he should have taken Carter to his presentation. That would have been a guaranteed A!
Comment: List any category of politics you wish, name one in which Obama and his ILK can be trusted to recognize truth much less practice it. Why is it that the institutionalized retarded and senile and the dead always vote Democrat in presidential elections?
The Many Faces of… Samuel Leroy Jackson
Plot-wise, I liked that Hartley’s sleuthing was real – she talks to people, analyses photos, traces emails (or rather, Chase and his tech-skills trace emails) and uses logic – all the sorts of thing that a normal teenager could actually do. She does put herself in a couple of dumb situations (why would you not take backup to a midnight meeting in the park?) which annoyed me, and I wasn’t so keen on the villain, or their motivations for why they’d committed the murders. However, I think to get hung up on that is to miss the point. If you’re looking for a hugely complex whodunit, this ain’t it. If you’re looking for an easy, enjoyable read with fun, non-angsty characters, read Deadly Cool.
TO-DO:
Happy Valentine’s Day to my sweet sweet boy. Mommy loves you so much. I don’t think I even knew what love was until I met you.
1 beard
12. Spike
Being at these things is inherently lonely. I'm not part of a team, which is the one ingredient very much missing from the sport for me this time around. The reason I enjoyed the sport in the first time around is that it had all the ingredients I needed: it was an individual sport but at the same time it had the team camaraderie of a team sport.
I'm not at a good place with my food choices and my weight right now. I haven't been for quite some time. Sure the family thing is a contributor but I have to be honest and say I was backsliding before all that came up.
Just as this
He chuckled and kissed my forehead.
Questions going through my head:
Yes, DSW, Yes I do know what I could buy with TWO certificates!
Teardrop Park is an elegant little park and something of a tour de force in terms of design, particularly in summertime. It is nestled between four buildings. Depending upon how you count them there are six or more entrances so there are a number of ways in which it can be traversed but there is a particularly identifiable east-west throughway that allows pedestrians to cross in the middle between two of the park’s entrances. The throughway could have been a full-fledged street open to vehicular traffic which would have created two blocks. Even though it isn’t, the conceptually larger single block which the entire design represents including the park and all four buildings is not all that large. It falls substantially short of being on a par with the unnecessary superblocks that will be created in the case of Atlantic Yards; for instance, by the totally unwarranted closing of Pacific Street between Carton and Vanderbilt Avenues. I wanted to get a sense of exactly how they compared, so I overlaid Teardrop Park on this superblock.
Two quotes on the sufficiency of Scripture:
Either way please remember to give credit where credit's due.
I’m all worked up. I’ve had way too much fun with this. Paul and NewView, I desperately hope you read this. This overwrought writing thing took more work than I thought it would.
Disc 2 (59:57):
Forced conversions to Islam have been the norm, across three continents—Asia, Africa, and Europe—for over 13 centuries. Orders for conversion were decreed under all the early Islamic dynasties, under both Seljuk and Ottoman Turkish rule, and in Persia/Iran and the Indian subcontinent, etc.
My favorite wines are dessert wines. They are super sweet, and taste delicious!
For the inside pages, I did a variety of techniques to embellish each page. Because the album was spiral-bound, I could not include heavy or large 3-dimensional embellishments. On some pages I die cut the ends of the page using the Ornate On the Edge die to allow the paper on the next page to show through.
Pull the Plug: withdraw from confrontation, silent treatment
Remember: In yesterday’s French elections, President Nicolas Sarkozy was just booted out of office, threatening to throw the entire European “fiscal pact” into disarray.
Kathy Temean, busy children's author and illustrator and Regional Advisor for the New Jersey SCBWI, has posted a recap of the character development section from Writing the Breakout Novel by literary agent Donald Maass.
I saw my friend Mike Enis one last time after moving from The Heights to The Knolls. I guess we had a “play date” or something, as his mom brought him over and dropped him off for a few hours. I suppose we were around 10 years old or so.
by Naren Dhingra
.And part of backpack organizing is planning ahead.
We know that Wright and Mei have no allies at all. All the Chinese except Mei are bad, there’s not a good Russian or an honest cop in sight (I mean one with a speaking part if you’re asking or objecting to that reference).
You each attract to you what you NEED in order to face your next learning challenge. Note I said “NEED”, not want! Many of you want that which will satisfy physical comfort—at the expense of stagnating your spiritual growth.
Sadly I read here that the person died but it made me so glad I live in a country where I only need medical insurance through choice.
As all those who know him are aware, James is widely regarded as the best political speaker in the contemporary nationalist movement and a man whose motivational and inspiring speeches can energise activists and officers alike. In an era of politics when the art of public speaking has been replaced by political spin, James, through his oratory has the ability to entertain and enthrall a meeting whilst simultaneously educating and motivating them politically.
Like a true officer of the King’s Navy, Wagstaff composed himself before responding to the challenge of an enemy vessel. Taking a deep breath, he said:
Bring it on, Mother Nature, bring it on!
Looks totes legit! Real Native, right there.
The 2009 wedding season was a beautiful success. Only one rained-out outdoor wedding, no unbearable heat, very calm brides, lots of new ideas and trends. Every one was special, and I was honored to be a part of each of them.
They instituted fear and distrust among the community. The result is that we still work against each other as the default rather than the exception.
I wanted some of the oil finished leather in the scrap bin, after all , I didn't need half a hide to make a dozen napkin rings.
We had a little Easter party with Grandma L. and cousins last week. These happen to be the only pictures I took of Easter festivities, so I’m glad I pulled out the camera.
For those who might not know who Nicholas Sparks is, he is the author of of some well known movies. I say movies because most individuals know the films more, rather than the book itself. His works include The Notebook, A Walk to Remember, Message in a Bottle, The Lucky One, The Last Song, Dear John, and many more.
I often wondered if animals felt the tug and pull of energy flowing from pole to pole of our tilting globe, while the restless human focuses on the toils of his man-made environment?
This outburst of anti-public school, anti-teacher legislation is no accident. It is the work of a shadowy group called the American Legislative Exchange Council, or ALEC. Founded in 1973, ALEC is an organization of nearly 2,000 conservative state legislators. Its hallmark is promotion of privatization and corporate interests in every sphere, not only education, but healthcare, the environment, the economy, voting laws, public safety, etc. It drafts model legislation that conservative legislators take back to their states and introduce as their own “reform” ideas. ALEC is the guiding force behind state-level efforts to privatize public education and to turn teachers into at-will employees who may be fired for any reason. The ALEC agenda is today the “reform” agenda for education.
As Turkish soldiers told AFP reporters to leave the scene, citing security concerns, the group kept chanting: “We are fighting for freedom.”
06-Jah Bop-Tribulation
I bought this K & Company rub-on set at Michael's for $3 on sale a few weeks ago and thought I'd use 'em for something a bit different. I think I just got myself a new favorite bracelet!
Calling it the Great Recession to differentiate it from the 1930’s Great Depression, Business Week reported that “employers aren’t about to go back to their larger, less efficient workforces. Even with 5.2 million fewer Americans employed than in January 2008, the U.S. is turning out more goods and services than before the recession, one reason corporate profits have hit record levels.” All the wonderful technology that has put iphones and other gadgets in our hands has also eliminated millions of jobs.
Happy Sunday everyone !! Now i do wish that the weather here in UK.. Had listened to the challenge theme here at One Stitch At A Time ! We have 'Here comes Summer' , the weather here is here comes rain and wind :O( Ahhh well at least we can dream of warmer places through our creations :O) I am going to be sitting in the warm creating today... So why not join me and then share your creations here with us.
Until then, he'll still be sleeping over a lot for the next month since his current living situation is still pretty much a cluster fuck. It's not so bad. He's still good enough to compensate in anyway he can manage like buying food and gas for my tank even if I try and tell him not to. Recently he's been on a game kick and has bought me two games so far and almost bought me portal two (That was one I had to put my foot down on, can't have him blow all his money before he gets shipped out). The first game he bought was Rampage for the Wii. I happened to catch sight of it when we were at the mall last week. I don't know about you, but I personally flipping love Rampage. I used to play it all the time at my friends house when I was a kid. It was all we used to play if you include some WCW game and 2 Xtreme. When I saw it, I just had to have it. So he bought it for me. I still haven't had the chance to play it yet since we started unpacking the last of the pods that just came in. But the minute I have the chance, I will be glued to the plasma in the basement.
Kalamata olives: on sale for $4.99/16 oz jar, used apprx 1/5 = $1.00
Sister Rosario sat on her huge desk, half smiling, half asleep, from what I could tell. 'Go to sleep children', she would say 'as gaeilge' (in Irish), which meant we had to fold our arms on the desk in front of us and bury our heads and pretend to fall asleep. This actually meant that she was about to have a doze!
(filling/ganache)
It's not really a beer.
Is put to question and the test.
My husband has lost 12 pounds in 34 days, and he was lean to start with. He's never really hungry either. In fact, I might have to start making him eat more often just to keep some weight on his bones. :)
Finally, it is Christmas time isnt it?!? Well I had to make something for Christmas……a mug rug for those cold winter days!
I remember feeling safe and cradled in your hands.
I first became aware of the films of Henry Jaglom in the summer of 1995. It was a difficult period of my life. I was forced to leave college because of my parents approaching divorce. I was in a confusion of utter despair, depression and falling quickly into shambles. I couldn't understand how two people, after being married for 30 years could just pack it up and leave each other. They loved each other, but yet the marriage was over? I felt as though it was the end of my own existence somehow.
6nos Garlic cloves
We’re sorry. We’ve completely forgotten about our readers. Probably because while we were on vacation… WE GOT ENGAGED! We’ve been busy celebrating with our friends and family. We’ve also been busy fighting off the cold/cough of the decade. Now that we’re off of our engagement high (sort of) and feeling better (sort of) we’re getting back to our blog. You know you missed it.
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact shabbynest(at)yahoo(dot)com.
“We’re still getting the blues and Clapton’s still getting the money.”
Support band Bright Light Bright Light provided a disappointing start as their 80’s-style electro pop rhythms and lovey-dovey lyrics just about managed to keep the crowd content.
The funny money was given many names — cruzeiro, cruzado, cruzado novo, cruzeiro real — in search of an elusive credibility. But Brazil had only one name: instability. Then came the introduction of the real in 1994, solid democratic institutions, monetary reform, privatizations, booming commodities, trade with China, massive oil discoveries — and pizza margarita at $45.
June brought me the first tastes of Newport. The Pelham, Dockside, Landing, Forty-One, ABC, Westdeck, O’Briens, Blues Cafe -all of these bars and restaurants with their doors open simply beckonging to the viral young studs with their live music, two for one dinners and dark tanned brightly dressed females. The combination women and alcohol will lead to some funny situations. That first weekend I went back to a girl’s house with a friend. This short stubby brunette with a strong mole on her cheek and a get the fuck away from me attitude decided my lanky pal’s dick would feel nice. We walk back to her place the third floor of a regular Newport building -well maintained, relatively clean, and just reaking of that shotgun colonial fusion. She fixes us two dirty martinis, if you like the taste of sodium by all means enjoy your salty spanish olive drink Churchill, and sits down for conversation. I attend to the blonde on a futon, we talk of Newport, college, work, even politics even though i could care less what the girl thinks. I’m a guy, a young guy, and I’m looking for one thing get your judgements right. At least thats what I thought until the lights came on. Her cute blonde demeanor dissolved into a fearful pockmarked concave eyed beast. Her smiles looked like snaggletoothed insults, her hair went from wavy to stringy, and her cheeks my God she must’ve loved having acne because she didn’t let one of those pimples get away. Needless to say I politely excused myself and when out of her field of vision I ran my ass out of there. To this day she’s known as pockmarks.
Blend thoroughly after each addition with the mixer on low speed, or by hand.
For a moment, everything was still. The three Weaver siblings stared with horror at the bloody black blade. The rain and the battle in the distance were the only sounds. Suddenly, James felt a growing sensation in his heart. Something unrecognizable was appearing, something that he had never felt before. Where his heart had been was now a black star, burning and consuming. Where once his thoughts had been cold and clear, now they were all hot and hazy, like the rain that poured from the fiery clouds.
Why in my head? Well, as you know by now, I love experimenting in my kitchen, pushing my limits and trying things I have never tried before. Barring a few delicacies, I try not to repeat a dish. (I have this personal desire to be able to make to as close to perfection, if not replicate, all the dishes of the world. Yeah I know quite a thought, but trust me I sometimes feel a life time is too short to try all the dishes existing on planet Earth.)
Beasts Of Bourbon
Not to fear
Luke speaks of but two apparitions the same as Matthew; and John the Evangelist speaks of four apparitions, and adds to Mark’s three, the one which He made to seven or eight of His disciples who were fishing upon the shores of the Tiberian Sea.
“Yes, you can, Dean. Your father has told me about all the women you’ve had come around.”
Something suddenly happened yesterday not like I wanted it to happen. But at night, I still craft. I do not know for many of you, but for me; crafting could act like a medicine in the sense that crafting could help me ease my mind. At least a bit if not completely. I did not think much when I created this page but I had to tell you how easy it was to create something straight from the heart without referring to any challenge. After all, that is why the challenge being called a challenge :)
I’ve celebrated warm Friday evenings there with a beer in hand. I’ve sat on its graveled path, crushed and broken, embraced by only coneflowers, bee balm and black-eyed susans. Salty tears dripping onto the soil that gives these plants life. I’ve smiled there and I’ve cried there. But no matter the clouds in the sky, my little spot is always sunny.
He was about to yell when he heard something. His first thought was of the rock, but it t was like a soft yawn, like someone far away letting out something great but with a hissing noise along side. He flattened himself against the wall, looked down, and kept his eyes closed. Had they been opened, he would have seen small traces of light up high. A dark gray circle opened about ten feet above him. It was there for only a few seconds before it darkened back to nothing.
A poignant scene in the book was the death of Rue, the 12-year-old girl from District 11 who reminds Katniss of her little sister. The two girls had temporarily teamed up, and Katniss found Rue trapped in a net. She didn’t get to her on time; she was pierced by a spear. In the book, Katniss shoots Rue’s killer partly out of revenge, partly out of self defense, and later realizes that was her first intentional kill. In the movie, she gets Rue out of the net and then sees her attacker; she shoots defending Rue, but the spear still pierces Rue. She holds Rue in her arms as she dies, singing her a lullaby she remembers her father singing.
In addition, the suit alleges that former South African trade unionist Irene Charnley, then a senior executive at MTN, arranged meetings for Iranian officials with the South African president and defense minister in 2004 and 2005, when MTN was trying to wrest the license from Turkcell.
"Northern Exposure"
--I'm still keeping my eyes open for the possibility of something else coming along before print (such as above friend's favoured 3d8), but I'm not holding my breath, to mix metaphors.
Sadly, I didn’t get to go to the concert, and I was heartbroken. I was extremely sick with a stomach attack that still, 17 years later, remains unresolved. My mom wouldn’t let me go. She was never unreasonable, but I remember being nasty about it because I thought I could be. Low and behold, I ended up in the ER that night. My friends bought me a t-shirt with the money they made selling my ticket, and I realized, like usual, moms are always right.
zest from 1 meyer lemon
It has been my experience that many anti-authoritarians labeled with psychiatric diagnoses usually don’t reject all authorities, simply those they’ve assessed to be illegitimate ones, which just happens to be a great deal of society’s authorities.
It’s not that I’m entirely opposed to gift giving. I think that some gift giving can be positive. It just seems to me that there is too much emphasis placed on how much we have, and not enough on who we are. More importantly, I feel strongly about living in a world that connects with each other on a more spiritual and purposeful level. Gadgets are fun, but I don’t want them to become the center of my life this holiday season, or any other time of the year for that matter. I guess, “Diamonds are not this girl’s best friend.” That being said, it is possible to include charity into gift giving. For example, I have a bracelet that I love to wear every day. It’s a bracelet with purpose. I bought it to help raise awareness about the needless annual slaughter of dolphins in Japan. The bracelet says, “Save Japan Dolphins.” A portion of the proceeds goes directly to the charity to help save the dolphins. It makes a great gift idea, and it also has purpose. By the way, for those who want to learn more about this horrific problem, just click this link to Save Japan Dolphins.
I love entertaining and really at the moment the kids birthdays are the only excuse I really have. Louise and I made all the decorations and boy was it fun setting up her fairy princess kingdom.
The party itself was pretty fun. When we first got there I thought it was just going to be a lot of women who I never knew trying to awkward converse with me. But since it was also the going away party, a lot of Sigmas friends came as well. It felt more like a High School Reunion than a baby shower, but I'm not complaining. Seeing all of our old friends, getting contact info, making plans to join up for future projects and Comic Con, it was a blast. There was only one little issue with the party. That being this one chick who almost no one knew and her general additude.
I’m not sure which is a harder part of my job…
B: We have so much exciting stuff coming up at the moment. We are in talks with a couple of managers, agents and publishers. We have some exciting tour dates coming up in countries we’ve never been to (Albania, China, Spain) and the new songs we’re writing are sounding better and better. We can’t wait to record them.
.....and it seems like such a long time ago......
Londubh Books will publishing non-fiction books in the areas of Irish politics, history, health, humour, business, travel and memoir. Manuscript submission details can be found here.
This is again from Carsten (1967, p. 56) -- summarizing Mussolini's speeches of 1920. Pledging revolution and welcoming worker occupation of the factories is still of course a wet dream of the more "revolutionary" Left today.
With the holiday season in full force, I thought I'd give a little shout out to one of my homes, away from home. My brother-in-law has one of the greatest home bars around and when we head back to Cleveland I always pop in to watch some sports on the big screen(s) and have a beer or 2.
the story of a brother who had one arm shorter than the other. He listened to a
stupid maybe.
A few kobolds are perched on the fence of the outdoor corral, partially to make sure that the dire weasels don't stray too far should they escape, but mostly to giggle at Bik's attempts to break in an especially lively wild doe.
With her eyes wide open,
“A purported audio tape of Osama bin Laden aired on Al Jazeera television claimed responsibility for a December 25 attempted bombing of a U.S.-bound plane, and the al Qaeda leader vowed to continue attacks on the United States.” Reuters UK reported.
So why am I nervous? Maybe it’s because I’ve heard stories about the crazy anti-choice protesters who walk like zombies around the clinic day after day. I REALLY don’t want to have to talk to any of them. They totally creep me out with their constant chants and prayers and strange rituals. At least the government is on our side. The new limits on extreme speech have curtailed the numbers of kooks there at any given time. I’m so glad we have a government that’s on the side of women’s health!
What are the implications? Unless you are a retailer, the changes are nothing to worry about. At present, retailers only have to take back WEEE at their premises as long as a new comparable product is bought at the same time. The changes to the legislation will scrap the ‘one-for-one’ system meaning that the retailer will shoulder the cost burden of processing the waste, regardless of whether the person bringing the WEEE to them buys anything as a replacement. Of course, if you’re the one taking your waste back to the store, then it’s good news for you.
It's my right arm and boy does it make things difficult. I thought maybe I had a strain, or just muscle soreness from using an out of shape muscle, but when I was getting worse every day since doing it, instead of better, and when reaching, carrying things, or sleeping became unbearable I really had to go and see what was up.
"The governor knew about Victory Strategies from the very beginning," Chase said. "They all worked on it together. … They saw it as a way to save money."Jennifer Rubin points out that Crist is certain to find out that he's the wrong candidate at the wrong time:
"We are going to get to the bottom of this, because families should never have to pray, as they send their loved ones to work every day, that those loved ones will in fact return," Rockefeller said Sunday. "Our heroic coal miners have lost too many brothers and too many sisters, and now we must stop all of this." (emphasis mine)
PS: Shit.
The aim is to get you to talk through how you would tackle the problem, the assumptions you would make (often financial) and to come up with a thought through, rational response, based on facts and figures, rather than your gut feel. An interviewer is normally there not only to note your answer, but to give you further information when you need it and sometimes to prompt you with questions.
Making your own condiments is great for your pocketbook and waistline! I made a double batch of this and turned half of it into BBQ sauce by adding chipotle powder, more mustard.
To shape take each ball of dough, flatten out slightly using the palm of the hand, making a disc approximately 3.5 inches wide.
10/18/2010 BUY 0.01 xauusd 1361.43 10/19/2010 1367.91 +6.48
heard the groans and the occasional scream of the emasculated future citizen, under the yoke, body and soul, eyes leaping out, spurred by memories of criminal spectacles more grotesque, more baneful than words can tell...then these screams from the future, full of dread and suffering were replaced by the screams of the now, the present, which were full of hysteria and insane, uber-longing...
Well played, sir.
Andrew and I used to have a garden, Its pretty much been torn to shreds! :( Remember all the wonderful pictures??? well the dogs dug a hole under the garden gate and just had a blast rolling in all the dirt. We still have a few tomato plants, our zuchinni plant is gone, our butternut squash plant has migrated to the outside of our garden fence into the "dog free zone" and apparently the LOVE squash. They eat the little buds before they get big enough to do anything with. They also have been pulling off all of our cucumbers before those get big enough too. We have veggie loving dogs. (at least someone gets to enjoy them)
Went for dim sum with my girlfriend on May 25th and noted “Nice!”. May 26th I received a fax from my old corporate lawyer that came from the Labour Board. Turns out two of my previous employees had filed a complaint with the Labour Board that I’d not given them enough notice before terminating them when I had my Firestone dealership closed down Sept. 2002. I was disappointed as they’d known as well as I how badly things were going, I’d let them take whatever things they’d wanted from my shop like a small fridge, stereo, other tools, etc. for free and sure wasn’t expecting them to come after me later.
So on February 10th I go and we talk about and it turns out that there is no sign of it in my blood. They have tested for the IgA protein and the level is in the normal range. They wanted a urine sample, but I was too tired to stick around and promised to come in another day. So that was enough to bolster my spirits. The assured me that the fatigue had nothing to do with the myeloma. My white blood cell count was down, which led them to believe I was having a tough time recovering from a virus.
We went to visit Pumba a month after we gave her away. When we arrived she wasn’t there, but when she finally came she really made an entrance. She and another warthog came strolling up to us. Pumba instantly remembered us and lay down on her tummy for a scratch. It was like the good old days. We spent an hour giving her attention before she decided to go off into the wild with her friend. This is what we had always wanted for her. Pumba had given us many lasting memories but it was time that we went our separate ways. You know what they say: “If you love something, let it free.”
She needs to be with us. We leave doors open so she can follow us around. We make sure not to leave her alone for too long. We talk to her and generally provide companionship. I sit in weird positions so she can drape herself across my neck or my lap while I work.
Meanwhile, the “peace-and-justice” movement in evangelical churches is growing, and voting habits tend to lock in during a person’s younger years, Nelsen and King said.
Coors Brewing Company Rising Moon Spring Ale
In my last post I mentioned that I started the South Beach diet plan. Like most people, I have a hard time sticking to diets. Before I went gung-ho with this, I told myself that I was giving up junk food. Just – done. No more. Then one day I was at the store and happened to wander down the chip aisle.
Stuff that elevates "empathatic" judges over judges who seek justice.
“I think that’s an awful thing to do, I think that’s the wrong thing to do. And it’s nothing that we’ve done since I’ve been at Georgia.”
Anyone wanting to learn more can go to The Center for Biological Diversity’s website for their April 2011 report:
And that's Tony Blackburn.
And He (Jesus) is the radiance of His (God’s) glory and the exact representation of His nature, and upholds all things by the word of His power. When He (Jesus) had made purification of sins, (on the cross); He sat down at the right hand of the Majesty on high; having become much better than the angels, as He has inherited a more excellent name than they.”
The Mighty Oak
A ravishing fascinating blessing
It was trashed too except for the bed, which had a woman passed out across it. Her revealing blue dress looked painted on, she was probably a prostitute. I knocked on the window. She stirred and sat up. I knocked again, she turned to the window. I smiled. She rose, then dragged her feet to the window.
Mayall and Edmondson met at Manchester University in 1975, where they both went to study drama. (“We just clicked,” says Mayall of the first time they met.) There they formed Twentieth Century Coyote, a partnership that exists to this day.
There is a famous photograph from the 60’s with a woman holding a protest sign that says, “Bombing for Peace is like Fornicating for Virginity.” OK, the sign doesn’t say fornicating… But the idea is the same, the same as the first law of karma, the same as that expressed in Galatians, the same as core ideas found in every major religion… you will reap what you sow. You will reap only what you sow. You will reap exactly what you sow…
So basically you should be listening to it right now. And that’s an order!
She loves zebras so I thought it would be fun to send her a card using Pixie Dust Studio’s Spring Zebra. I hope it brings a smile to her face!
I SAY: I don't believe a marriage works that way. You don't plan a safety net for if or when your marriage dissolves. I don't plan on my marriage ending so I suppose this is a non-issue for me. Naive? Perhaps. My beliefs? Totally.
Other than the birthday celebration, my aunt was helping Matty and Tanya with their wedding. Incidentally, it looks like that’s still going to happen and it’s not some elaborate hoax. Also in the planning were numerous attempts to schedule some kind of bridal party and our family’s get-together for Mothers’ Day.The latter was an exercise in futility.
“What now?” asked Khrusostom as he slung the strap of his lute case over his shoulder.
2) What do you think research brings to people with disabilities?
BESSELAAR TG, BOTHA L, McANERNEY JM, SCHOUB BD. Antigenic and molecular analysis of influenza A (H3N2) virus strains isolated from a localised influenza outbreak in South Africa in 2003. J Med Virol 2004; 73: 71-78.
So anywayyy to get to the statue we had to take a ferry from Battery Park & the place is serene & had a romantic feel to it- great place to take lovey dovey coupley pictures! Who needs to pay for a photographer when there's self timer!
She's done some amazing stuff for Charlie and I know she'll do great. I'm just hoping to get the word out. She's got a few pics so far on her facebook page and so far one outfit in her Etsy Shop here, but keep checking back cause she's working on quite a few more.
Mash up bananas and mix flour, baking powder, salt and sugar until combined. Mix in the melted butter. Fold in PB and chocolate chips or nuts, if using.
But I diegrasp (little gallows humor there).
Stamps: PI – Freckles, Sweet Safari Sentiments (MFT)
Remember, life is not about how much time we have to live but how we lived with the time we had.
You may remember the dense woods that
But is it the Governments role to create jobs?
According to earlier revelations about Pc Kennedy, he often took the lead in organising events and a recent court case against environmentalist activists collapsed when it was revealed that the policeman was behind the attempt to occupy a power station.
-Daddy did you know that people don't have heads?? APRIL FOOLS
As I often say, context is great, but how's the music? Well, on No Time For Dreaming, the music is great. Daptone Records kind of fetishize the soul music of the '60s, but can you blame them? It was a great era. Mr. Bradley is perfect for the label: he isn't just a James Brown disciple, he also has a lot of Otis Redding in his voice as well.
2 tsp. chile powder
Houston police arrest 19,000 people a year for public intoxication, racking up $4 million to $6 million in jail costs. A sobering center aims to divert drunks from jail and free up cells for more dangerous offenders. Dropping off a person at the center, instead of booking him into jail, also would let officers to return to patrol more quickly.
1 cup finely ground cornmeal (be sure it is free of un-natural additives)
“So that is what happened. They used a stun gun on him.”
The first week wasn’t entirely successful (although I did lose weight). There was a curry and wine evening that shouldn’t have happened. Baked potato with cheese and a chocolate cookie when out with the boy, chocolates a student bought in and rum and coca-cola after listening to Blur.
As she has a beautifully distinguished character, so her wish for a birthday cake was a bit unusual as well: A Blackberry Cake. Birthday blackberry cake was certainly a challenge, but it turned out super delicious!
(3) confiscation of illicit profits;
VV: Bloggers read other blogs, and a really great blogger just happened to be reading mine. She is The Bayou Contessa and she lives in New Orleans. When I see another blogger is from New Orleans, I drop them a line and introduce myself. I think it's cool to know another blogger in your home town. In the case of The Bayou Contessa, I found out she was participating in an art event, so I made it a point to stop by her shop and say hello. It was as if two long lost sisters reconnected! We became fast friends. And as friends we bounced blog ideas, work ideas, etc. off each other over coffee. I was trying to re-enter the work force in the design field, and I thought maybe blogging might lead me there. How I did not know. At first I thought I'd approach shop owners about me setting up and maintaining a blog for them. I also wanted to use the blog as a writing sample portfolio to pitch stories to editors.One day The Bayou Contessa said she knew of a job for me!!! I thought she had a referral for me, but in fact she asked me to come and work for her as Director of Marketing for her company Julie Neill Designs.
This can be purchased on thier website for $9.99, in the "Toys" section.
With NUS PRC scholar Sun Xu due to attend a disciplinary hearing tomorrow, Young PAP member and MediaCorp actor Tay Ping Hui has implored the authorities to heed the voices of the people.
- Chanel Coco Mademoiselle
* Bragging(subtly but persistently) and exaggerating their achievements
I am absolutely dumbstruck when all the staff come back to me with a recipe for a ‘hot’ kadhi that their mother makes and they all swear that this is the best and most authentic!
“Therefore everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice is like a wise man who built his house on the rock. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house; yet it did not fall, because it had its foundation on the rock. But everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice is like a foolish man who built his house on sand. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell with a great crash.”
Three days left until the big show. In an attempt to hangout with my husband tonight rather than hangout with my sewing machine, I decided tonight would be my hand sewing night. Four hours later, he is long been sleeping and my fingers are bruised. The good news is that I filled and finished a giant stack of doorstops. Wanna see?
But Levesque wasn’t delivering her hardball advice to her lobbying clients. She was giving it to a group of education philanthropists at a conference sponsored by notable charities like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Michael and Susan Dell Foundation. Indeed, Levesque serves at the helm of two education charities, the Foundation for Excellence in Education, a national organization, and the Foundation for Florida’s Future, a state-specific nonprofit, both of which are chaired by Jeb Bush. A press release from her national group says that it fights to “advance policies that will create a high quality digital learning environment.”
Thus the work of Girls Inc. "isn’t just about lifting up girls," Mrs. Obama said.
Insufficiently noticed in the public furor over PMCs like Blackwater was the difference in motivation between them and the Pentagon. Whereas the stated goal of Rumsfeld and the armed forces in Iraq was to end violence there, the PMCs clearly had a financial stake in its continuation. Hence it is no surprise that some of the largest PMCs were also political supporters for pursuing the ill-conceived “War on Terror.”
So why??
My motivitation seems to have taken a holiday, at exactly the moment when my life became immeasurably more complicated, thanks to a comment I didn’t pay attention to.
I am working on the arrangement of the song, For Now.
I'm sure my lust will wane soon. I just love you right now.
Yoga for me is how I stay balanced. It is where I shift my focus to find my breath again, stand straighter, and reconnect with my intuitive awareness. Yoga helps me clear my mind from all the clutter of today’s fast paced world. With a simple stretch sequence, I feel on top of this sphere we call home. My feet are grounded, my smile is more genuine, and my body feels happy and whole.
Do you have a motto?
06. Once In A Lifetime
I also worked on a story with reporter Carolyn Said about the impact of the Occupy movement on local business. We spoke with a few businesses that were still open in the area. There was a mix of support and condemnation. Most businesses were hurt by the protests over the last few months but a few of them said their business actually increased when the occupation of the park was going on and in return they publicly supported the movement which took them off the target list for property destruction. You can read that article here: Oakland Businesses Shaken…
* LIVER: From the Weston A. Price Foundation website: So what makes liver so wonderful? Quite simply, it contains more nutrients, gram for gram, than any other food. In summary, liver provides:
It takes about half an hour by train from St Gallen to reach Romanshorn. From Romanshorn, there is a direct train to Luzern – The Voralpen Express – one of the most spectacular train journey. Passing by rural landscape and captivating scenery, watch for the moment when the train cuts across the lakes. The journey takes about 2 hours and 45 minutes.
Alison has been playing mostly with the yo-yo today since we got back. No Leapster since we got back. We went to dinner around 7PM and she ate fine. She is very decisive about what she wants to eat. Tonight it was a Quesadea and French Fries. They served the Quesadea with salsa and she ate that by itself with a spoon. The french fries she dipped in ketchup. I think our ketchup consumption will go up at our house. I had some hot tea again tonight. Oh was that good.
You didn't really think I'd sit still for long, did you?
I was outlining my next few weekends to my husband the other night, and it was exhausting just talking about it. I think, after this tri, I'm going to sleep for a week. So exhausted.
Open your eyes to all you shut them to,
It its no where near the drought we're experiencing here. Its been like 3 years since we've received rain on a regular basis, (something like that).
The alleged response from Mr. Ramsajan’s team was that Mrs. Ramsajan was currently in the care of him, San Fernando Millionaire, Padlo “Pablo” Roopnarine, while Mr. Ramsajan, who supports himself, was currently being detained from his lively hood by constant, allegedly fake Police matters brought against him in response to genuine
afraid to shine on its beloved one
The groundation.
While the beet cooks, you make “ricotta.” Weirdly, ricotta is a pretty easy thing to fake. You just need to get that lumpy texture going on. To make it, Chef Tal dictates that you throw tofu and thick cashew cream in a food processor with the juice of half a lemon, and a bit of nutritional yeast, granulated onion, white miso paste, salt and pepper.
Elemental Styles 99 E=mc^2
Since it's after 1:00 AM, I think I'll go to bed....have a great weekend!!!
Although interracial marriage is accepted by many people across the country, the people of Loathsome Creek aren’t tolerant of a lot of things, including the gay lifestyle. In no way, shape or form is it an open subject in the area. They don’t consider it a lifestyle at all. Although the gay and lesbian community members were few and far between, they kept their lifestyle hidden from anyone and everyone. No one on the Creek admitted that they even knew anyone who was “that way.” On the Creek, men who lay down with men and women who lay down with women are an abomination to everything these country folks believe in. Ask anyone on Loathsome Creek and they will quote the Bible and remind you of Sodom and Gomorrah. They will tell you that it is an abomination to go against God’s will. Being self-righteous isn’t the way to go when they dabble in their own abominable wickedness. All that said, it doesn’t matter who you are, how good a person you are, or how much money you have. Even a billboard on the creek said it all. With a picture of three drag queens the billboard clear.relayed the message. “It’s a simple fact of life. Queers ain’t welcomed on the Creek.”
1 teaspoon dijon mustard
One of these times I won’t have to start my post by apologizing.
“It is extremely important that nothing should be reported which could prejudice the trial.”
Well, that should tell you all you need to know. "Serious" is not in my vocabulary. It sends me into blue screen. Go ahead. Say it. Tell me, "Anne you have to be serious about this." And then watch me curl up into a fetal position, whimpering for my blankie.
Anything worth doing is worth doing well.~ My dad
It is not a question but a simple statement.
Thanks to the author for a welcomed legacy from Elsie’s bakery: a warm encore. This will be a top pick for Bookworm’s Dinner in 2012.
- 2.5 cups icing sugar
I wish I could say my cat-like reflexes saved me, but alas, they did not. He lost control and came firing straight at me like a missile. We fell down hard.
I find no evidence of the certainty that Ellis posits in PKD regarding his 'mystical experiences.' I don't think PKD ever really 'knew' what happened to him. Ellis writes:
God has set his throne in heaven;
No, he couldn't think of many, let alone a million ways, that going home for the holidays would make him happy. How long had it been, nine, ten years? The painful memories and guilt were still burning within his soul, still haunting him so many years after that fateful night.
So let’s hop on board the crazy train and meet our cast of looney toons, not that I think any of them are actually looney toons though they all may be thinking they should have made that left at Albuquerque right about now.
Look deep into their eyes
Such beers reach you with an impossible sense of immediate familiarity - even though you never tasted them before in your life. It's a strange magic, and always intensely pleasurable.
*Weekly menus
“Late…? Late?! The sun is about to fall on us and you’re worrying about what time of the day it is?” Derrek gauged her reaction and realized in her eyes it wasn’t a strange thing that a ball of flame was hovering only a few hundred miles from them. “…so… that’s normal? The Sun…?”
A few months ago my dentist told me to start using fluoride. Before I had the chance to use it, I received a health email talking about the dangers of using fluoride.
There is really no iPad Bible Atlas App which comes close to this, here are a few comments on the “best” Atlases for the iPad.
Have you thought about where you want to be in three years and what knowledge and skills you require to get there?
But, right now I need to do homework so I gotta run!
The silence
We would stick our little fingers out while we drank our coffee and wear striped shirts and berets, and sleep late and stay up even later.
I didn't find the reference, but Schumpeter also argues that if time and chance should bring the lows of various cycles together, the combined low would be deeper than any of the individual lows alone. You can see this behavior on his chart.
Today I called my mom to get the recipe. The process is impressive! Listening to my mom explain the steps necessary to produce amazingly delectable GF fruitcake was almost exhausting. I've never baked anything that involved so many steps, but knowing the end-product, I think it's about time for that to change.
What are your favorite inspirational quotes?
And to play Jack Reacher, nearly 60% of the votes were cast for Hugh Jackman. Pierce Brosnan got the big goose egg in this category, but hey, at least Nicole Kidman got a couple of votes to take the role from Tom Cruise!
The movie, itself, is a wild ride that can quite possibly leave you feeling like you just came out of a “K-hole.” Written and directed by Fenton Baily and Randy Barbato who also brought you the documentary of the same name, it is a colorful depiction of an otherwise, foggy experience for those involved.
So. Interview questions. I (obviously) can't really talk about the more unique ones, but there is one that I had never heard that I did want to talk about. "Tell me five things you are not."
I really need to be better about taking pictures! I did snap a few, but not from the beginning though...sorry!
At its core Uncharted 3 is an action-adventure game that focuses on cover-based shooting, platforming, hand-to-hand combat and puzzle-solving. Most of the game-play is unchanged, which is a good thing because why fix what isn’t broke right? Shooting feels mostly the same, though it can be a bit stiff when you are first starting the game. After messing around with the sensitivity a bit I was able get shooting down pretty quickly. Platforming feels pretty much identical, which is a good thing and it’s still really entertaining watching Drake clamber around especially in the sequences with the newly added vertical cover. Puzzle solving received one small change, which is the ability to give you the solution to the puzzle at hand if you’ve taken too long, which is relatively harmless.
-Support green wineries
There was the single mother with seven children living on benefits which panders to the prejudice that thousands of young women keep giving birth just because they know they'll be looked after by the state no matter how many children they have.
Jus to clarify: No couples of the hetero variety.. duh. And no men.. super duhh!
I MET THE CHALLENGE AND THE EXTRA OPTIONS!
At the time, I thought it was a decent show of support, perhaps because I didn't have anything to compare it to. But, in hindsight, it was like they were standing in the ocean trying to prevent a tsunami from hitting the shore.
Right in front of a Sheriff's vehicle. He was pulled over immediately.
Arriving in London on Monday, after eight full days of swimming which captured the hearts and imagination of the public, he inspired us all and lifted our spirits! What a fantastic effort! He raised over one million pounds for the charity, about which he is clearly very passionate.
Alyson will be turning 3 in 2 weeks. So hard to believe my baby girl is getting to be that big! She is growing and changing so much as well. Her big personality is quite humerous sometimes. She just has this completely different way of looking at things... very comical! She either keeps me laughing or wanting to cry ;) I know the Lord gave her this special personality for a reason. I think I've mentioned this before, but my prayer for her is that she will be strong and bold for the Lord- I think she has what it takes!! But don't get me wrong. Alyson is the most loving, giving little girl and we really enjoy her. She still enjoys attending our church's Kid's Day Program and goes each Wednesday, which doesn't come around soon enough for her. She looks forward to going to 'school' everyday. Her best friend is Julie. It has been fun watching them grow closer in their sisterhood now that Alyson has turned into a 'big girl'. Sometimes I'll listen around the corner and hear them make-believe as they play babies or house. It is precious to see their little innocent minds and how they think...
As far as I can tell there are three ways you can handle this.
firm which gave the Liberal Democrats party £125,000 last year, is ultimately run by Harberry Investments in the British Virgin Islands. Alpha Healthcare, based in Redditch, Worcestershire, runs ten care homes across Britain and had a turnover in 2006 of £14.5 million. Alpha Healthcare’s ultimate parent company is Harberry Investments, which is based in Tropic Isle Building on the island of Tortola. Harberry’s turnover and tax payments remain hidden because the company is based in an offshore haven where businesses do not have to declare
Purple...
I wonder what great revelations will come with learning the Mexican national anthem. Probably none, since I don’t speak Spanish, but you never know.
A man charged with attempting to murder two police officers has been remanded in custody after swearing at the judge.
The relationship between the two men starts, as it usually does, with earned respect on both sides; in this case as pilots of the famed Grumman Hellcats flown off the deck of a carrier. The bond grows stronger with each mission—warrior brothers—until it inevitably ends in a hotel room in Honolulu, where the line between brothers-in-arms and lovers is finally crossed. However , if you are looking for a torrid, sexually erotic scene between two horny flyboys, you (gratefully) will not find it here. This scene is definitely sexy because of the circumstances—and the fact that we’ve been waiting for it for nearly two-thirds of the story—but in 1979 you didn’t write that sort of thing if you wanted to find a publisher—even an avant-garde one. Nevertheless, I think it is made a more realistic story because of it. This a story about men in love in war, and not about sex per se.
The epilogue to this edition was written by Donna Tartt, a lifelong fan of the book along with several generations of her family. Tartt writes that True Grit was taught in one of her high school lit classes, and as I read the book, it occurred to me that this actually could be “youth lit.” True Grit really is an American Classic and a great read.
The warmth, your warmth, makes me so cozy
I was sat drinking some tea and having a rest from a trek up through the mountains I’d had that morning. He talked to me, about what I was doing in India, and about what my plans were for the afternoon.
This is part of the Hannity transcripts:
In a land where healers are hunted and blamed for a plague, healer Avery of Kazan has been on the run for three years, never staying too long in one place, constantly fearing capture, and keeping to herself for her own safety. Until, one night when she heals a child and is turned in to the city guard by the child’s parents. There is only one sentences for those accused of being a healer, death. While waiting for her punishment, Kerrick appears and offers to rescue her from her predicament if she will heal a friend. Unfortunately, Kerrick’s friend has the plague, and healing a plague victim is a death sentence for any healer.
Now, before and in my academic days, there were regulatory signs in and around the college. Restricted parking. Restricted activities. When facilities were and weren't available for private and public functions.
putting definition to desire.
The other babes roll out onto the sodden earth in the morning and return when hungry.
Add the egg mixture in three additions, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Divide the batter among the pans.
Wedding Location: Venus De Milo in Swansea, MA
Well, now that I've found it, here's the language from my years-old post on Rights Reserved:
4: 8:02
Firstly, the most obvious point for England Watch to make is that the EDP went into the elections with four district councillors and came out with two. In fairness, neither of the two had been elected as EDP councillors, one was an ex-Tory who did not defend his seat the other was an ex-BNP who defended but was defeated
CTA makes baseball easy after the game as well. Portable fare machines, lots of extra customer service staff directing fans down to the trains, which were frequent and capable of carrying far more people than the light rail trains I'm used to in Portland. Red Line into town, Blue Line up north and a quick bus ride to the Map Room, where we settled in for the evening. For the baseball Snobs, all this meant no beer until 5:30 pm! Clearly, we needed to work hard to make up for the delay. Dinner was take out, delicious Cubano sandwiches from a few blocks away.
I watched Billy the Exterminator yesterday through the blur of nausea. Have you seen him? He's pretty cartoonish but entertaining if your deathly ill and have no strength to think. I turned off the one where he exterminated bed bugs. That was way too gross for me. Mostly he rounds up gators and snakes. I'm sure you'll be turning over to A&E to watch him immediately. wink!
Post 99 of 180
First of all, I made biscuit. I had homemade biscuit the other day at a restaurant in Brooklyn and I wanted to try making it myself ever since. Here is how it came out.
There are many reasons for this lull. I can tell you, and myself that Landon has been occupying my time, or my many pets, my girls, crazy summer adventures, or something of the like are competing for my time. While this is true enough, the real problem isn't any of the above, or in truth, even my lack of a computer in our house. The real,honest to goodness truth is that my own brain is sabatoging me. I am very much medicated, see my shrink, and do what I can to ease the stress of my broken mond.
“It's Tina.”
Are you mad at me? I thought you were ok last night… I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I hurt you.
You know when I said making these little things should be fairly straightforward? I was fairly wrong, they are not straightforward. I got covered in chocolate, demolished the kitchen surfaces, and made basically, a mess! And for all my efforts managed to obtain about 5 "decorative leaves".
“Attention, please! You are trespassing and unlawfully hunting on lands registered to the Sugwe Moisture Farm. We claim these kills for the proprietorship. Vacate these premises immediately leaving the carcasses where they have fallen.”
Nothing stopped this man, and he always got a nice tip in our payments to the paper.
If you are thinking of adopting lizards into your family, I think there are a few things you should know about this particular breed. By the end of this list, you will find that they are a lot of fun and full of surprises. Am I encouraging you to keep Leopard Geckos as pets? Yes! No. Well, yes! And no…
Even today, historians are still researching and discovering new things about the precious archaeological complex.
I’m gonna tell a secret…shhhh…I’m not a big fan of lace…GASP..I know. I don’t like to wear lace as its too itchy and sometimes I think it’s a bit too frou-frou for me so I don’t use it much even though I have a basket full of different kinds…cuz’ hey you never know when you might need it right…good thing I did! But I do like girly stuff so this wasn’t too big a stretch for me. I used a few cute new stamps from Magnolia-licious from the “Princes & Princesses Collection”…this is Tilda Catching Stars and in the background is Princess Castle. I used lace that I lightly airbrushed pale pink and added a strip of 1/4” Scor-Tape to the top and then gathered it to make frilly corner accents to my image (I’m not a sew-er so Scor-Tape always stands in nicely & quickly). I also made some paper lace using a Jumbo MS border punch and aged it a bit with some ink. The papers are all by Magnolia in the new 6x6 packs here…so cute cuz they match this collection of images too. Then I added some rhinestones, flowers and sparkle to the project. I distressed all my papers and inked them for a bit of vintage, shabby-chic feel too. The “Make a Wish” was done on my Slice again and then stickled up all sparkly and pretty…I’m getting a lot of use out that Slice now..I’m so proud of myself LOL!
I enthused, madly, and was told Tim was planning to sail Αργο next year, this time following the homeward trek of Ulysses from Troy. Versus the geographically exact Apollonius who wrote down 'Jason', Homer gives few recognisable locations for the Odyssey (and so providing Tim with the rationale for another clue searching expedition) but all the book-men agreed that the land of the Lotus Eaters simply must have been Libya. That sounded exciting! so I managed to persuade Tim to take me on for that (middle) leg of the voyage. Unfortunately, Colonel Gaddafi wasn't in the mood even for a bunch of adventurers in a Mycenaean galley and Tim spent days away on a fruitless trip to various Libyan consulates in search of promised visas (and that was before the Reagan / Thatcher raid on Tripoli).
Why do I need three worksheets automatically generated when I create a new workbook? I don’t. I see so many workbooks with “Sheet1” full of data while “Sheet2” and “Sheet3” are sitting there sad and empty. As an auditor, I need to spend my precious minutes checking those other two sheets just to make sure there is nothing I wouldn’t want in a locked-down audit file. Plus, creating a new sheet when needed is easy enough that Excel should really only give you one to start with.
4. Contracts
Morning, lovely ones! Hope you are all well on the eve of the weekend!
Have a happy weekend!!!
After all, how often does a Harvard-educated, couch-surfing, Asian point guard lead the New York Knicks to their most successful spell in recent memory? And how often does that hero’s name contain elements of a common preposition, prefix and suffix?
We are more than our headscarves and our hymens. Listen to those of us fighting. Amplify the voices of the region and poke the hatred in its eye. There was a time when being an Islamist was the most vulnerable political position in Egypt and Tunisia. Understand that now it very well might be Woman. As it always has been.
Did you know there is a striking similarity between the years 1934-1937 and 2008-2011?
Meditate
I thoroughly recommend it and would love to hear your thoughts on this or any other documentaries, movies or books you would recommend?
And see you the vehicles preparing to crawl along the streets with
"Contrary to David Haye, Dereck Chisora really went for it and really tried."
mere parade now;
'I'll go out with you again, but only if you let me invite you.' I agreed.
Bradford L. Saville, 7 Shetland Rd., Rockport, MA, age 21, arrested for noise
let me tell you one thing that really piss me off so badly.
"We took three-quarters of this beer, that was brewed two years ago, and we threw it on French pinot noir oak barrels and let it sit there for about 11 months. Then we took it and re-blended it with the rest of the beer that had been sitting in tank and went through a secondary fermentation for the last year."
If you haven't joined his breaks, I would recommend trying a few. You'll always get stuff you need, even though breaks are always a risk.
* Soda Gardocki: He's a singer/banjo picker from Knight's Ferry, California with a gruff voice and punk-rock past. He performed many songs solo, but my favorites were those in which he was joined by various friends.
Want a creative and easy gift idea for the expecting mother or young kids! Look no further because these are just about the easiest thing you can create! Ok..ok..maybe that's a little over the top, but seriously I started making these and couldn't stop! I am always looking for creative items to make as gifts that are easy to make.
But really, what would this character gain from destroying the world? Surely he would have everything to lose? Usually they seem to have some vague hunch that this ‘destroyed world’ will allow them to rule over it or an equally strange situation where the villain gives themselves much more responsibility than it’s worth to just get people to listen to them; but that doesn’t really doesn’t make much sense either. Are their new people going to listen to him out of fear? Will there be people left to fear?
Two Boatloads of Immigrants Land in Lampedusa
1 carrot, peeled
The Crime Victim Compensation Fund is headed for insolvency, the Texas Senate Criminal Justice Committee was told yesterday, after the Legislature raided the fund in 2011 to balance the budget. Said Daniel Hodge of the AG's office, "Short-term stability and long-term viability are at risk now."
And perhaps the most bewildering mask acquisition of my entire trip. These 2 Collagen Sheet Masks from the makers of Beauty Credit were GWP for packs of seaweed I bought from Lotte Mart as food souvenirs for my family!?!? Imagine receiving sheet masks for a seaweed purchase!! Mind-boggling I tell you..
It was great to see the final podium, 3 F1 world champions, Button and Hamilton flanking Vettel, standing tall and proud for the anthems before the obligatory champagne spraying of each other and the crowd.
Since this is my livelihood, I am obviously concerned, but, like any scholar of the humanities, I can see both sides of the argument. The country is in an almighty mess economically. Cuts have to be made. The subjects with practical applications must be privileged. All right, up to a point. But we have been told for the last twenty years that we are now in a knowledge economy, where what matters is the mix of skills you have, and your agility and adaptability in a fast-changing environment. As I pointed out in a previous post, employers are generally not that bothered about the content of a degree; they want people who are smart, articulate, and able to work on their own initiative and as part of a team. So yes, whilst a degree in engineering is clearly very desirable if you want to be an engineer, there are many jobs (70% of graduate jobs according to a recent analysis) where the subject is not specified.
If I don’t talk to you before then, have a fabulous weekend! Adios amigos! ;)
1 claimed
Cinnamon, umber, and dun.
And I discovered that there was a baked good that I couldn't crack.
Kurdy stitched this beautiful colorway on a lovely hand-painted canvas; we've substituted aquamarina as a more economical alternative that works very well with her thread selection. The pinks, ranging from soft to deep shades, absolutely pop against it.
"You OK?" He asks the two now sweating profusely and looking a little wobbly. This is becoming a nightmare, two bodies in as many hours and the rest of them are beginning to ail. He instinctively puts the back of his hand to the forehead of Ewen Cooper, "Man you're burning up! Medic!...over here!"
The word ‘Hinduism ‘ does not appear anywhere in ancient scriptures, the proper name for Hinduism is ‘Sanatan Dharma’
Subscription information is available at this link.
Glad we were all able to help in this mission. Love agent GJ xx
During my last visit, I found the fish sandwich to be incredibly light in comparison to meat sandwiches. Mind you, I just finished a hot yoga class and was famished. It took a lot out of me to walk away instead of ordering another.
After some experience with these, I think I might prefer to make them into contour diapers (see Rita's instructions here), which is a very simple change. It would also require less fabric, and make it easier to just lay the diaper into the cover. If I try it, I'll update!
Ronald Suresh Roberts wrote: "The DA openly regards the media as its own hireling". The Congress of South African Trade Unions stated that "the DA's vindictive action reveals their utter hypocrisy" and that the party's liberal values had been "exposed as a sham".
Tomorrow is the first of May, or Bealtaine as it’s known here in Ireland. It’s traditionally the beginning of the summer season, when the animals would be sent out to pasture. In medieval times, they would light giant bonfires in hope of a good harvest that year. Today, we had the gas fire on in the house, not quite the same. I’m hoping for an improvement in the weather, right now it doesn’t feel very much like summer. Although, the sun is peeking its head around a cloud at the moment and the weather forecast tells me it’ll be much drier and milder this week. Fingers crossed.
9: An ounce of prevention…
Review: My husband and the kids LOVED these burgers. I had a half of each burger and they were both equally delicious. I really enjoyed the honey mustard sauce on the slider and will use this for other dishes and sandwiches (think chicken and spinach on crusty whole grain, yum). I was unsure about the greek yogurt on the salsa burger as I don't typically like it, but oh my, what a good idea! This one was pretty messy to eat but very much worth it. Prep time was minimal. We will be doing this again and again. Who's coming over?
A man lying in bed, perplexed, vexed and yet steadily breathing you could see it in his face as he leaves his disoriented sheets! Michael Fassbender (A Dangerous Method) plays Brandon Sullivan a high profiled professional who is at the peak of his career, well tailored suits, a posh apartment and at the prime of his physical well-being! But on another note, Michael’s demeanour, his penchant for sex exacerbate while trying to convey implicitly what he still lacks…love for himself! His routine is extensively manifested what he does day in day out as he sleeps with someone and ignores them, he’s even too “busy” to pick the phone if the women calls him, like ghosts back from the dead yearning out his name…”Brandon, Brandon I’m dying!”
We covered Gaynor's unusual tenure in the job in a prior entry. Former army Col. Ardolph Loges Kline stepped in to fill the remainder of Gaynor's term, a duration of less than four months. Kline, former president of the Board of Aldermen (an equivalent of today's city council), was remarkably enough a replacement for that job too. He stepped in after first Board president, a man whom I will shortly introduce below, vacated the post.
Here is a sneak peek photo from the DIY. Can you guess what I'm going to turn them into? :)
1 swig of olive oil
it was in a 3 x 3 version.
We tried to pick up the pieces with Bobby Wilson and his tow truck stories, but it wasn’t the same without Freddie. Then tragically Bobby’s son Bobby jr. got real sick and died of a brain tumor. And Bobby just wasn’t the same anymore.
c/o Worcester Food & Active Living Policy Council
This is a little shot of my desk (::ahem. when it's clean::.)
You've done so much for the writing community, but you also work with gifted children. Can you tell us a little about your nonfiction books? Sure. In addition to writing fiction, I write educational books for parents, teachers, and children that focus on the social and emotional needs of gifted children. My recent titles include Emotional Intensity in Gifted Students and 101 Success Secrets for Gifted Kids. I have some others brewing as well, just nothing I can announce just yet. It is my hope that these books help everyone in the gifted community—from
Doubel easel card
Yours etc
Jaela - Sew and cook a bunch of things
The last 1.1 miles I tried to push the pace and hoped I wouldn’t flame out. By the time I crossed the line the kid that won had already changed his clothes, eaten his dinner, and was doing his homework, but I still felt good and completely surprised that I held the pace I did. I was so surprised that it took at least a minute before my brain turned from pudding back into a functioning organ and I realized that I hadn’t stopped my watch at the finish. Thus my finish time was … ?????. No idea. Nothing posted online yet, and I also didn’t think to ask anyone after taking full advantage of the free post-race beers. All I have are the splits for miles 1-3:
By the Essence pure, one ever maintained.
You don't know how much it means to me.
your own talk show.
___ Partnership X NC Corporation ___ Other ____________________
Think about your relationships. Have you struggled with how to make some of them deeper? Maybe it isn’t about spending more time with one another or helping out with chores or sharing more interests. Maybe it is about being willing to expose your authentic self. The deep, dark corners and the wonderful bright spots. The fears and the dreams. And when that feels scary, try taking taking a deep breathe…and dive in. I bet you’ll have enough air to breathe.
This criticism about a penal law masquerading as a remedial one echoes that of Richard Moon, a law professor hired by the CHRC last year to provide an expert analysis of their online hate speech mandate. In essence, his advice was that it could not be done fairly, and so should not be done at all.
That made me feel a bit better about the cupboard and I am sure the cupboard felt better about itself as well...
- SOLD -
Second…What does Scripture say about the resurrection state?
This teacher put objects---juice lids, clothes pins and cardboard shapes---in the sensory table for the children to put in the holes on both sides of the box. The objects would disappear and then come out the bottom on the side opposite the table. It was great play and exploration with toddlers using their fine and large motor skills to put things in holes. And there was always the wonderment of figuring out where those things went and the discovery of finding out they ended up at the bottom of the vertical box. Basically, it was a relatively flat, vertical plane that the children could operate on different levels.
9 The Shade 3:08
With its own little website!
when ideas take a hold of my soul
Through my studies, Ive become alot more conscious of the sneaky nasties hidden in all our food. Im an avid label reader and I’ll often hold two products up in direct competition in the supermarket aisle, often to determine the lesser of two evils!
The phrase 'those extra ten pounds' to follow 'strident' into history's dim corners. Let's add the ability to self-assess how one's ass looks without actually looking at said behind . . . or another woman's.
HOPS & GRAIN Greenhouse Belgian Imperial Stout
“The separatist struggle had taken a toll on all of us. I was just one of the many women who were maimed, raped, killed, tortured or dumped in jails to face the atrocities by the authorities there. We lived in perpetual fear all the time yet convincing ourselves that these things will never happen to any of us. That we will survive but today out of the five people who were rounded up that day only I am left to tell the story.
So usually my favorite technique that you find on all my layouts is misting, but not in this set! In this group of projects, my second go-to technique is fussy cutting - you will always find me with my Fiskar finger knife cutting away at least once a day, maybe it is a stress reliever???
A self published author will find themselves writing more Blurbs. Where as traditional publishers will usually write the blurb for the Author. This goes back to what I have talked about in my post on self publishing, marketing is left in the hands of the author. But really blurbs are not that hard. In my opinion they are a bit easier, and certainly more fun, then a synopsis.
Quest for the Extra Ordinary Aliens is an adventure that leads families on a heroic quest through the whimsical escapades of The Backyardigans.
They defined "engagement" as actually doing something other than just "liking" a brand. People had to either share something from a Facebook page, or comment on something to be counted as "engaged."
Running is a joy whatever the weather, but the sunshine rules! I have my first official ‘tan lines’ of the spring! However, I have to say, I’m not impressed with the tan line on my legs… not a great look! (for the fitties I work with…you may, if lucky, get a brief look at the ‘awful’ line!)
And all of the bats are in the cave.. is the motto for other families..
Follies is a concept musical, a show whose music, lyrics, dance, stage movement and dialogue are woven through each other in the creation of a tapestry-like theme (rather than in support of a plot).
Oh and this better help me lose the rest of the weight, because otherwise that sucks.
It’s made worse because (I know everyone says this about their siblings, but this is backed up with legitimate testing) she has an extremely high level of intelligence. She’s smart. Very smart. She is working in mathematics three or four years above her grade. She can understand and manipulate concepts that I, at 22 with university education, can’t quite grasp. She’s also beautiful in that sort of nordic-maiden way. Tall and graceful and blue eyed and blonde haired. Of all the people in the world, she does not need these image and identity issues, and certainly not at the age of 13!
There are times on the journey that you stop and ponder what you might have missed, whether those little things that you barely noticed were more significant than you realized.
You know what I love about Thursdays? My house is clean from having bible study here last night which means I can pretty much do whatever I want on Thursday! Woo hoo!! Granted I should unload the dishwasher and move the dirty breakfast and lunch dishes into it, but that doesn't sound fun and updating my blog does.
So, tell me, how do you feel about death? Care to share 3 things on your bucket list? Go on.. here’s a list of ideas i stumbled on.
I don't even get that. But in his defense, you did do the "F-word" and then a baby came out of you, so. . .
we find ourselves at the end of these verses,
Nolte hams it up in front of the camera as he’s going to do for the entire movie – this guy is seriously just terrible here, and it’s baffling because I know he can do good in other movies. What happened, was he just told to act as poorly as possible? I also love how he tries to get all self righteous and finger-pointing at Banner for not being a good scientist or whatever when HE was arrested for malpractice and experimenting on humans and then put into a mental ward. Not exactly in the position to chastise others, are you pal?
When you think of 2,000 years of being put down and suddenly you are a nation rising, it was a wonderful feeling. There were only 600,000 people defending the country against five armies, so everyone had something to do.
Beatrix de Russe. As head of IP and licensing at Technicolor, Beatrix built and operated one of the biggest and most lucrative high-tech patent licensing operations in the world. Q. Todd Dickinson. Currently the executive director of AIPLA, Todd's previous roles include Under Secretary for Commerce for Intellectual Property and director of the USPTO. Alan Drewsen. Alan has been executive director of INTA since 1998, during which time the organization has grown and thrived in its mission to improve IP rights in its member countries. David Kappos. The Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and director of the USPTO since 2009, David was previously formerly head of IP at IBM. J Thomas McCarthy. An internationally renowned author on IP matters, Tom is the author of an eponymous treatise, McCarthy on Trademarks and Unfair Competition, which has been relied upon in over 2,000 judicial opinions.
7. Sonic Youth - Poison Arrow
& a 4.5mm hook
Some of you may know I’ve been digesting a very popular book called Crazy Love by Francis Chan. At present, I’m midway through the work and the concept of true love slapped me right in the face. Up until this point, I’ve pondered a lot about my past and how I look at God as Father. I’ve questioned my motives for faith, but for the first time, probably ever, I have to take an ugly, in-your-face, up close, personal look at L-O-V-E. It’s not what I thought it was.
and to simply give complete attention
Much of the invitations appear to have been sent via e-mails and SMSes, possibly because the High Commission is fearful of a backlash, considering the Bersih 3.0 protest outside its office two weeks ago.
Is choosing not to use “retard” as an insult political correctness or simply being nice? While doing some research for this video, I found this site that details how the word idiot, imbecile and moron once all had medical definitions linked to degrees of mental retardation. Maybe the insult retard/retarded is destined to go the same way as these words and pass into common usage, losing its link to medical definitions of intellectual disability.
Even the crew knows this is a ridiculous contrivance, because Chekov (making his debut) has to keep re-plotting the Enterprise’s course to Altair 6, then Vulcan, then Altair 6, then Vulcan, then Altair 6, then Vulcan. At one point, Chekov is all, “I think I’m going to be sick from all this back and forth,” as Sulu looks at him with an expression that says, “Who the f*ck is this Russian guy and why is he getting more lines in one episode than I get in half a season? This is bullsh*t! Well, at least these pilots never last for more than an episode …”
Arms: MOVE ALONG, NO GUN SHOW HERE
A day that sings softly and subtly,
No apologies, no explanations. This is what you get:
“I’ve come to settle affairs with Mr. Rothmon,” said Hermel.
Peter did not doubt that Jesus could walk on water. And it wasn’t self-belief that Jesus was recommending (Peter has no ability to walk on water!). Peter’s problem was that he doubted Jesus’ word to him. He doubted the word which both commands and enables what it commands. Peter doubted that he truly had been made into the person Jesus said He had – one who walks like He walks. That was Peter’s problem.
Despite the smoking ban, there is a good selection of smoking places available in the city... since I was only there for a small period of time I cannot give you in this occasion a full overview but hopefully will eventually have the opportunity to show all the available options...
We pulled away from the rink and headed down Milwaukee Ave (apparently in the wrong direction). Surely, we thought, we would run into a strip mall with an Outback Steakhouse or a Chili’s (with a pleasant little bar. You know, hockey games are at their very best when fueled with alcohol), but the more we drove, the less we saw. We’re not quitters, but I was about to give up hope of ever finding a glass of Pino Grigio. As we wound our way back to the rink, Chuck spotted a sports lounge, which sounded promising.
The Penguin
Bachmann: I am just like Margaret Thatcher
To avoid that, Training and Doctrine Command held a year-long, servicewide survey of 40,000 soldiers. From that survey, TRADOC officials in April published the “Army Profession Campaign Annual Report,” which highlights a force trying to adapt back to garrison life and figure out how more than a decade of combat has altered the service.
9. Learning: RB – “People don’t leave their jobs through lack of pay – they leave because they aren’t valued. Many companies leave people in boxes; encourage them to be adaptable and innovative.”
He is not capable.
After a week of spring break followed by our wonderful two week transatlantic cruise, it was time to get back in the groove of packing bento for Maisie. Unfortunately my good camera is back in the shop so I'm using my point & shoot but I'll make due.
No one should be photographed in that condition. This morning, I narrowly missed being photographed getting dressed. This is all getting a little too personal. Thank goodness she doesn't have a preschool Facebook account to upload them to ... yet. It's like being famous and pursued by the paparazzi but without the wealth or interviews on late night TV.
MEREDITH HARPER is rich, popular, manipulative and almost unnaturally beautiful. At the age of sixteen, she's already a social legend.
Terasasi, however, is at the centre of allegations that at least some of the 36 million euro (RM144 million) was funneled through its accounts to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak as a commission on the sale of two Scorpene submarines purchased from the French defence company Thales International, also known as Thint Asia.
The lower walls are fifteen feet, built with an angle tower by the McCarthys of Muskerry. It was subsequently occupied at one time by Cormac McCarthy, King of Munster, who is said to have supplied four thousand men from Munster to supplement the forces of Robert the Bruce at the battle of Bannockburn in 1314. Legend has it that the latter king gave half of the Stone of Scone to McCarthy in gratitude. This, now known as the Blarney Stone, was incorporated in the battlements where it can now be kissed.
So, after having some unseasonable warm weather this week in Atlanta, I was inspired to do some craft room spring cleaning. Well, the weather inspired me AND I was also inspired by the way Jeremy shakes his head every time he painfully watches me dive into my "organized" pile of Spellbinders Dies.
➤James Henry has realised with a dark and terrible irony that a) he has possibly written this for no money; and b) he is currently working on a BBC4 project that includes footmen
He said: "An officer advised us that any sort of Asian artefacts should be covered or taken off the front door." Well, that would make quite a lot of sense, and be in keeping with all those interminable posters and Tweets about ‘leaving valuables on show in your car’, wouldn’t it?
As always, this is the part where I leave you with a band that I love, and that I think you should check out. :)
I’ma blog about them all but right now I’m going to rant about Love and Hip Hop a little!
I should say that I rarely missed school. I was always in his class and got my projects in his class done. It was Art class, so I feel that art is subjective. How can the Art teacher give a negative grade to artwork I did if it was what was asked. But this teacher would give me C’s and D’s, and all my friends would get A’s or B’s. A few times I would confront him to see why I got a bad grade and he wouldn’t even respond to me. It finally came to a head when he gave me a bad grade on my report card and my parents were upset. At that point I explained what I perceived as what was going on. I told my mother that he would not tell me why he was giving me bad grades. She scheduled a meeting with him.
We spent the next two weeks together. And I have never felt so good about everything. I was excited before, yes. But not like this. I began to notice the distinct glow she’d have whenever she’d talk about her day. Something I was completely blinded prior to that ‘realization’. I’d smile to myself every time I’d hear her voice. It sounded like a heavenly chorus, and I’m not even talking about her singing voice yet. Now that would take you to another universe like it has taken me.
Worship happens all around us. In fact, as human beings we can’t stop worshiping. That’s because worship, at it’s most basic, is our response to something greater than us. And no matter who we are, we will always encounter something we want to worship.
The Robust Fiend of the Spring of the Field of Berries and Briars
All this was made even more difficult by a continuing problem with my internet connection. Again - I can remember when I did not have the internet and still managed to eat and breath, but now it seems that I cannot function as a human being unless I have a broadband connection.
Sunday - slept in until 7am. Got up, had coffee, took a shower and got ready. Made breakfast for the house with friends from Friday's dinner, and walked around town before the parade. The Youngest called once while I was wandering. Got back in time to decorate my car and get the beads loaded in. The Youngest called a second time right before the parade. I drove the parade while listening to music, and throwing beads to the record crowd. After the parade, pitched in to clean up the house, and wandered back downtown to finish shopping. The Oldest called to ask when I would be home and if the parade was over. Volunteered to clean up from the Carnivale celebration, then had some fantastic Thai food for dinner. Back at the house for a couple of hours of visiting, and in bed around 11pm.
We all take ourselves for granted and assume that whatever we are doing is nothing special. But that’s not true. Everything that you do, makes you special. And there is no such thing as a failed person really. There is only a person who hasn’t trained himself well to be an achiever.
I AM surprised, though, that Dragon can't understand what I'm making such a fuss about. He can't even detect that 'teenage boy' smell.
Not even past the DVD menu, Auschwitz shows how sensitive it is. You select things by moving a little swastika around the screen. I'm sure that'll offend no-one. The DVD proves that it's not racist by having a trailer for a soppy Denzel Washington movie that will interest literally nobody who enjoys Uwe Boll movies. Following Boll's introduction (I suppose a review of a movie like Auschwitz is not the place to comment on the Doctor's bad skin) the movie cuts to what looks like either a toilet or a shower room, where Boll is interviewing a number of teenage kids. He asks them things like "what do you know about the Holocaust?" and "why did Hitler hate the Jews?" There's ten minutes of this nonsense, which would be interesting if I hadn't covered it during the first five minutes of GCSE History. Then, the main event:
Maxima Jean-Pierre, 40, Bellport, N.Y.
awareness bags, jewelry, lunch bags, etc. This prize
14 June 2011: Tobacco labeling – two views, Simon Chapman and lawyer Ainslie Van Onselen speaking at the conservative think tank, The Sydney Institute
Back to the song.
I really wanted to like this book, but it was a complete disappointment.
You won’t be asked about your job, or rank, or work, but only if you did your best, and didn’t dodge or shirk.
Cosponsor Orrin Hatch (R-UT) has also voiced reservations about S.1145, and made clear this week that his support for the bill is contingent on the inclusion of his language for amending inequitable conduct (currently Hatch is "optimistic" that his language will be included).
Jessie
company had not posted that!
Howard recounts how local newspaper reporters interviewed blacks all over town, but could not find a single one who expressed any sorrow or sympathy for the victims. In fact, black San Franciscans were angry! After all, weren’t police focusing solely on black men? One black newspaper reporter even sought to embarrass police officials at a press conference, by insinuating that they should not be focusing on black men. In a show of common sense that today could spell career suicide, a police official reminded the scribe that all of the suspects were black men.
Thank you for reading this post, and happy Wednesday.
Added:
“Hi.” The word held lifetimes of meaning that I wasn’t sure he understood. After all, he was only a child.
Why we should be on dead end street.
Follow C.J., as she provides the tastiest of honey for her seductive traps. No-one is immune to her charms, not even her handsome boss, who she happily fucks to make sure she gets the job.
A great example of the success of Marine Spatial planning can be found in Massachusetts with shipping lanes being changed for endangered Right Whales, resulting in an app that tracks Right Whales so ships and recreational boaters can avoid hitting them. Read the article: A Success in Coastal and Marine Spatial Planning, Shipping Lane Shift Helps Mariners Steer Clear of Whales.
He then crossed the ocean again for Christmas 1926, staying in Scotland a little longer this time and not returning to the USA until September 1927.
Sometimes it is darkest right before dawn. That is my life right now. I hope.
A few things to remember as we embark upon this journey:
Anyway, I really just wanted to say that it’s going to be weird going home. Although I feel much more relaxed when I’m at my house, my dorm room really does feel like home. Sometimes more so than my room at home. Especially the bed. Hopefully the return of all my normal bedding will relieve that feeling of disconnect from my bed at home or this is going to be a looooooooong summer. My roommate’s moving all her stuff out now. The room feels so very empty. And hot. (She just turned her fan off) As soon as I finish this post, I’m going back to studying for Japan and reading through my notes for Geography. *sigh*
On the docket for the the weekend: finding hubs a new pair of Man Shoes. He's trodden the earth for the past two years in a beloved pair of rugged, handsome, and practical Timberland Earthkeeper boots, which he loves for sensible reasons and I love for aesthetic ones. They are the perfect Man Boot. P. also has a pair of very abused, very awesome desert combat boots, from that time he spent doing deserty, combaty things. But P. is a now a Civilian, a Professional, a Grownup, getting Two Simultaneous Graduate Degrees. He can't wear Man Boots to class every day, people (well, he could, and he does, but we're trying to avoid that). Hence the search for the perfect Man Shoe. Stipulations: must be attractive enough to pass sartorial muster, practical enough to change a tire in, and comfortable enough to walk in all the livelongday.
Give yourself one to five minutes to spot wildlife or insects. Just shout out what you see. This game can be played anywhere, whether in the big city, a park, car, or yard. See who notices the most, and then play it again.
After which we found a handy waterfall to wash our hands.
Cask fest at BBC St. Matthews, similar format as the previous two years.
4) Out of every guy I have ever dated, there’s not one I would jump out of a life boat for. It just seems insane and one of the moments I just look at Rose with serious judgement. Don’t get me wrong, I’m jealous of that old couple clutching to one and other as water comes pouring into their room. They seem at peace and very much in love. I would much rather do that than bobbing in the ocean freezing my ass off and trying to comfort women who left their men behind.
Flowers are meant to be enjoyed and with the proper care, can last for days, weeks, and months! To order some flowers for you or a loved one, go to the DFW Flowers website or call 817-624-8413 or 817-626-5822 today!
The good news for Americans, often to my chagrin, is that the US, as opposed to the British accent, is considered easier to understand by many Spanish, except when it is spoken too fast. Recently an American teacher of English lost a client because after several months of lessons, the student still couldn’t follow the fast paced speech. But, and here we can raise the Union flag with pride, the accent they personally want to speak is the British one, or so they tell me to my face.
Finally, many would-be gardeners are afraid of aggressive plants that they feel may “eat” other plants in the garden. Unless you’re talking about truly noxious spreaders like kudzu, glechoma, thistle, and goutweed, most plants can be controlled, even violas (above). I find that planting closely and pulling out what I don’t want works pretty well. True, I don’t have acres, but few home gardeners do. To be honest, I welcome a nice, aggressive plant that will quickly cover what is otherwise a problem area.
I watch as they hold hands, stand up and run away towards friends.
arms charged and electric with the needly shakiness of it all
11/5 - Birmingham, AL - Zydeco
Bring the boys out.
Women: What about the Parisian women? Quite the bag of 'tude eh? Or are we the ones who require re-wiring?
1 internal
i understand why people take money. usually, there is more than one reason. and their lives, surely, to get to such a desperate level – in much more disarray than my own periodically clouded judgment.
I hope you enjoyed my portfolio. It was a lot of fun building the cameras in class and seeing how the picture turned out. If you are into photography I really recommend you try and do some pinhole images! They are a lot of fun to do! I feel like these pictures show a different side of me that not everyone gets to see. I'm normally a really shy person and I don't like being in front of a camera.
We have another fantastic Dynamite Digi team challenge for you this week! We want you to show us your Things with Wings!
Jesus -- The Reason For the Season
And of course there's the church immortalized by Van Gogh and the cemetery where you'll find his grave and that of his brother Theo. I didn't take any pictures of those on this most recent trip but you can go back in time with me and see them here. We didn't make it to the Daubigny museum nor to the chateau except to have an incredible picnic (yes, they actually let you sit on the grass!)
1T salt
1 cup milk or buttermilk
I kept remembering that I had all these random friends that happened to be Birth Doulas/ Midwives and they were SO gracious to answer my 354,098 questions. Before I knew it, I was signed up for Birth Doula training workshops and attending Childbirth Education courses and chatting about water births and cord prolapses and placentas in rooms full of midwives. I was reading childbirthing books constantly and getting wonderful looks from people that clearly said "How wonderful that you are studying how to assist women in childbirth. I don't question your character or your marital status." HA. Funny joke.
Second, I just want to thank you ALL for participating! We have many new followers and friends on Facebook!! Let me welcome you all and say your presence here is deeply appreciated!
The Laher mothership near Sumatra in the East Indian ocean continues to explode…seems the giant ship was packed with weapons caches all over it.
“Okay, I officially think he’s messing with us,” Leonard announced.
The temple shown here is dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu. Both are Hindu deities, yet this temple, Thommanon, is in Cambodia and it was built at the end of the 11th century. The temple is one of a pair that lie within the great Khmer complex of Angkor Wat. I spent nearly a week exploring this region. It was a magical experience.
Papers by Pion (love these)
The chipboard on the "You Are My Sunshine" card is from Make It Crafty... they have all different kinds.. I sprayed it all with my Copic Markers, using the colors I used on that card!
I flew from the U.K. via Amsterdam, whereas the lady i was going to see has always flown via Manchester. The Manchester route requires a train ride across the pennines, and it requires also a longish stopover in Atlanta. The trip to my local airport is far quicker, and the whole heading east to go west thing works out pretty well. I'd choose that route again. Amsterdam Schiphol is a pleasant terminal, it's got its own library reading area, and an in-airport branch of the Rijksmuseum, full of old master paintings!
Without oppress of toll;
Did I fall into some sort of wormhole, and I'm really on some obscure planet around Tau Ceti or Wolf 359? I keep expecting to look up and see Worf, or Quark, or a shape shifter from the Delta quadrant like Odo. There ought to be a babe with a funny looking nose any second now...
"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense? Where is the difference between having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety to us, as in our own hands?" - Patrick Henry, 1788
Survey the community for feedback on important issues
8. Freefall (White, Argent) 3:19
After the Tang, Chang'an never regained its power and status, as the Song and Yuan Dynasties (960-1368 AD) moved their capitals east. Emperor Hong Wu of the Ming Dynasty rebuilt the city, renamed Xi'an, as a gift for his son in the late 12th century, but this did little for the city's overall fortunes. In 1899, Empress Dowager Cixi, de facto ruler of the Qing Dynasty, fled Beijing during the Boxer Rebellion, ruling from China's old imperial capital for two years until the anti-Western revolt ended in 1901. When the Manchu Qing finally fell in 1911, Xi'an Han Chinese massacred Manchu unfortunate enough to find themselves in the old Han and Tang capital.
Our desire to love and be loved comes from God. For the most part, no one wants to be alone, at least not permanently. The thing everyone is chasing after is love. We all want to know that there are people out there that love us. Simultaneously, we hanker to be able to give our love to others.
Just keep it up, and, just like what you’ve been doing to us –
In his September 22 address at the United Nations, Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad mentioned the Nazi Holocaust just twice:
(my favorite it thing to ask my kids in retrospect, so they have the power and control to analyze their behavior, and the outcome of their choices made.”
Five dogs or cats rescued and placed in a loving permanent home.
#2. Freedom needs the big picture. Silos create enemies. Free people know how their behaviors and performance impacts others. They know how they matter.
Can we say bike good: car bad? The bike is associated with Cyril and also with Samantha and in one idyllic scene Cyril allows Samantha to ride his bike, showing that she has now earned his love. The car of the dealer Wesker surely represents everything undesirable, while Samantha’s car seems to be possessed by the (ex-)boyfriend Gilles except when it has the bike inside it. Similarly city good: countryside bad, bad things happen in the waste land next to the estate where Cyril and Samantha live; but they include a kind of resurrection of course. Not to mention women good: men bad, but then Samantha is the only female character and really the only positive one as well.
A while back (8 days, 19 hours and 15 minutes ago to be exact) I was asked a very intriguing question. I had finished a post apologizing to Earth for the fact that we are a bunch of stupid idiots when I was “tagged” by a person named Angrygorillaemissions. (You should go peruse this blog, just so you know)
I believe in faerie tales;
Writing about the same time as the fourth evangelist (i.e. A.D. 95-96), Clement of Rome (1 Clement 25) spoke of the Phoenix, that mysterious bird of the East, as monogenes—that is, as “unique” or “the only one of its kind”:
Regardless of whether it represents Mark of the Beast technology or not, electronic skin technology illustrates that technology is rapidly developing to the point that it will be possible someday soon-if not already-for people to have information gathering and tracking electronics attached seamlessly to their skin/body. The technology we see today is something that was probably unimaginable to people who studied Bible passages concerning the Mark of the Beast 100 or even 50 years ago. We live in some interesting times...
It seems the history of science simply can't be left to mere historians to write, since they don't write the version of history that some of my fellow atheists would like, which is very irritating to the grumpy anti-theistic movement. Luckily we have scientists who are happy to venture out of their fields and set those silly, muddle-headed award winning renowned historians straight. Particle physicist and grumpy anti-theist Victor J. Stenger is about to deal a mighty blow to all revisionist historians and Templeton Foundation quislings with his upcoming book God and the Folly of Faith: The Incompatibility of Science and Religion
But my babies are really these kids. These children.
“I finally understood that no matter what I did, or who I found, I-he-none of us-would ever be able to win over the memories she had of Dad, memories that soothed her even while they made her sad, because she’d built a world out of them she knew how to survive on even if no one else could.”
White walls. Just perfection.
09. Blind Vision – Near Dark (4:46)
“Figures, Jenro,” Munin replied, “I remember when you used to be so acquainted with your aloneness. I remember you muddled at a corner when we were younger, always mysterious and still. So calm.”
Muriel Blandings: I want it to be a soft green, not as blue-green as a robin's egg, but not as yellow-green as daffodil buds. Now, the only sample I could get is a little too yellow, but don't let whoever does it go to the other extreme and get it too blue. It should just be a sort of grayish-yellow-green.
Amazingly, this one isn’t clumpy even on your first use and with no wand wiping! Added to that, its the best mascara I’ve tried in a long long time. It thickens and lengthens lashes very well and stays put all day with no flaking.
The vampire’s two observations are accurate-ish: when transformed Duncan’s werewolves retain their faculties despite their seemingly insatiable hunger; they just can’t talk. As for the erections, yes, it takes very little to get them aroused and sex is a major thing with them, the problem is that there are very few she-wolves. Were. There were very few she-wolves. In 200 years Jake has never come across one, that’s how few there were. And all his life he has searched for one. Another reason that two males wouldn’t hang around together because if a female appeared on their radar there would be no way in hell they’d share her.
“You!”
It also features a different kind of Avatar. Korra is almost the opposite of Aang; headstrong, proactive, and bold, she would’ve been ideally suited to battling against the Fire Nation. Here, however, she’s out of her depth. Korra’s great at going on the offensive, but when she has to deal with the root causes of discontent, she falls flat. Her journey to master airbending, and with it patience and pragmatism, mirrors Aang’s struggle to learn the aggression and decisiveness necessary to master firebending.
BUT IF THERE IS A GOD ANYWHERE,
I am not a genuine chef, and these days I'm hardly cooking at all anyway.
So we were invited to a Super Bowl party last evening, which turned out to be a party of four. Sister St. Aloysius stayed home with Sister Mary Fiacre, and I bumbled over to be sociable. We enjoyed the game and then, inevitably, because my neighbor is excruciatingly involved in politics at the local level, the conversation turned to neighborhood activism. Most of the time, I have no idea what she is talking about. I function as a sounding board in which her sound goes in and never comes back out. As I result, I have no clue as to how the topic came around to millionaires and billionaires and the quandary they have as to what to do with all that money. I came to around the time she was saying something like, "You can only buy so many pairs of shoes."
Marilyn Monroe had six toes.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
Second, allow your partner to park behind you. It'll be like docking the Enterprise at Deep Space Nine. Let him pull in and get comfy with his chest/belly to your back. Your partner is now the spooner. Together, you are in the Pringles position and must move in tandem to prevent crushing and crackage.
He answered and said unto them, “He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none. And he that hath meat, let him do likewise.”
Edward Thomas had scraped a living as a reviewer and as a writer of twenty prose books, many of them travel books. Though he had a reputation as an important critic he despaired of making a living as a writer and was very unhappy in his marriage. In 1908 he even considered suicide.
It may be two years out, but we’reseeing the current presidential hopefuls shake out. Evan Bayh has sadly (but wisely) already taken his hat out of the ring, as has Mark Warner. (Well Mark, if you can’t keep your current job you probably shouldn’t seek the boss’s job.) But the following have either formally declared their candidacy, formed exploratory committees, or are generally expected to run:
Notes: Though I used boneless chicken, I think it will taste great with boned chicken too. Make sure to cut chicken in small size pieces. Since soya sauce is added, be careful while adding salt. While frying the chicken pieces, make sure that it is not over fried. The chicken is ready when it becomes golden brown. You can add chicken cube to enhance the flavour. If using chicken cube, add it along with the sauces while making the gravy. Again, the chicken cube is salty, so be careful while adding salt.
If Jesus was crucified on a Wednesday, the shops were open in the morning only of the second day (Friday) in preparation for next day’s regular weekly Saturday Sabbath. Mary Magdalene et al. could have bought the sweet spices on Friday morning when the shops had opened. After buying the sweet spices, they could have proceeded to the tomb to anoint Jesus. Why then did the disciples of Jesus had to wait until Sunday, the fourth day, to go very early to the tomb? As Martha, the sister of Lazarus, told Jesus when He asked to take away the stone covering the grave of his brother in John 11:39, “Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.”
Curiosity again strikes and the first man asks:
