Emma for her main course had pork cooked firstly sous- vide and then pan fried. A piece of smoked garlic sausage added extra succulence and flavour. The meat was really tender due to its slow cooking. This came with seasonal veg and herby potatoes.
I stamped the large flowers in Slate & the tiny flowers in Lemon Whip,
Andy Fenn - Young neo pro (new rider) – apparently he’s quite a prospect. I’ve not seen anything from him yet so I look forward to finding out what he can do!
Full marks to one activist from St Michaels Ward who walked the two miles to the venue, up some steep and slippery hills, despite being partially sighted and having a guide dog. If our team shows that sort of commitment then we shall certainly have the old gang parties on the run.
6. Share stories. People love stories. It’s a great way to connect. Make it fun. Create some basic guidelines (e.g., no profanity, sex or religion) and subject (e.g., the client from hell or the best client ever, etc.).
The background rainbow striped dp was a freebie from MelStampz located HERE. Mel is offering up all sorts of FREE paper downloads which is definitely going to help my pocket book. Well, not really because I still like to buy paper....sooooo pretty....my lovelies....okay, I admit it, I'm a crafting hoarder, LOL!
Riding the bus in Detroit will become a bit more convenient starting at the end of April 2012. At Least that is what the Detroit Department of Transportation (DDOT) wants the public to think.
Detail implementation available on authors site
-You are so mischievous!
I came to work the following day and the boss told me I was supposed to call the district manager. It ended up being quite a heated phone call, mostly on my part. I finally got to hear more specific details about the situation and all I'll say is the Worthless Co-Worker needs to be institutionalized. Her sense of reality is skewed and off the charts. When the conversation ended I believe he was starting to realize just how mentally unstable she is. I think one thing that convinced him of this was the fact I wasn't defending the boss necessarily. Quite frankly he hasn't been doing his job, but he had been making improvements. I stated whether these improvements were enough or not was up to him to decide upon, not I or a mentally unstable Worthless Co-Worker to decide. Especially since the Worthless Co-Worker has a hidden agenda.
Last night, I faced a sizeable… Obstacle? Temptation? Test?
Alexander Hamilton or Thomas Jefferson?
It’s just one crazy party from morning til night or more precisely from the eve of the Queen’s Day into the next day. It’s a wonder how people would be partying all night long and still manage to be ready the following day to do more entertaining and trading as is customary.
Pre-heat the oven to 200C
The rules follow the break –
If you become an active listener it will not only improve what you hear, but it will improve what you say.
Agriculturist three times stood me up. I know, I know, once it happens, shame on you; twice it happens, shame on me. Agriculturist seemed so apologetic the first time, so I agreed to a second date, and a third. Agriculturist felt that because I had not called to comfirm as the date drew near, that we did not have a firm date. My take: when two parties agree on a date/time/place, it is a tacit commitment, somewhat of a pact, for lack of a better word. If one party cannot honor their commitment, it is incumbent upon that one to cancel. Ahead of time.
There is one other small point upon which I desire some light. This fellow Hayes had shod his horses with shoes which counterfeited the tracks of cows. Was it from Mr. Wilder that he learned so extraordinary a device?"
CORPORATION
Luke’s Gospel
3. Sift flour and baking powder over the egg yolk mixture; fold in until just combined. Fold in the egg whites until just incorporated. Do not overmix.
People think enough of this place to ruin the paint jobs on their cars. I have also heard a few people expressing a desire to try 4 Rivers, saying they've heard it's excellent.
One thing I found out while reading the background of this film is that it’s lead actress, Carole Laure, playing the beauty queen, quit the film early because she was uncomfortable with how far she was being asked to go with the film’s sexual content. This forced a change in focus, adding that second story line. I’m still not sure how to weigh this against films like Pretty Baby and Last Tango In Paris that have had similar complaints of mistreatment. It’s easy enough for me to discount this film, it isn’t very good to begin with and Laure’s performance isn’t really notable, perhaps her discomfort showing through. But Pretty Baby and Last Tango both feature great performances from their female stars that subsequently voiced complaints. In the case of Pretty Baby, the performance is key to what I think is a very valuable piece of art, but the ends cannot justify the means if one believes Kant.
DETECTIVE SHORT STORIES in 1937
The splash-dash splash page features a roulette wheel of death, an echo of the first story in Plastic Man #1 (June, 1943) from about a year earlier. One cannot help but wonder where the green demon addressing the reader came from -- it's a rare instance of Cole depicting a non-human, imaginary form.
My name is Juli and I am 27 years old. I have been married to my best friend for almost 5 years now and we have a 9 month old baby boy named Joshua. This is my 5th year teaching science in a middle school. I am struggling to find a balance between being a teacher and a mom this year, but I do love my job. Hobbies other than scrapping include reading, hiking, white water rafting, playing games like Pinochle, Ticket to Ride, Settlers of Catan, etc.
Yeah, perhaps there's a bit too much of a Dylan influence where there shoulda been more Reed, and instead of hearing all of those takes I woulda preferred whoever compiled this to choose the best versions of each song and add more early rehearsal tuneage if only for historical reference, but for what it is what else can I say but I sure love it because it packs just as much of that oft-needed resensifying force into my still-teenage beenie as Smith or Hackamore Brick or all of those acts that tried so grandly to be the Velvets of the seventies while everyone else was looking for the new Beatles. Sends me way back to when I was a young teenage goof trying to latch onto something interesting for once in my life, and that progressive rock and disco sham just wasn't cutting it. Now that I'm an OLD baldoid goof well...I gotta admit that I sometimes get the original feeling which does help connect me, at least spiritually, to a time and place when I thought that music like this was being created for me only because who else did I know of who would even go near the stuff!
“You did no such thing, no one asked you to go snooping around there and getting shot. I know you could have told the police and they would have got him.”
We sing "What will the weather be?" from Dr. Jean. Then someone gets to come be the "Weather person" and drag the weather to the correct day. Finally, we read the graph -- "On Monday it was....., On Tuesday it was.... On Wednesday it is...." - good way to teach present and past.
Is your game a ‘Faith Night’ theme? I have no idea. What happens here, they hand out bible related bobble head dolls or something?
Thursday afternoon, the child’s mother, Erica Jageman, returned the books, paid the fine and apologized to the library.
As we descended the stairs to go underground that's when I first thought "oh shit, what have I gotten myself into?" It's a little late now, isn't it? The room we entered was a basement of sorts and it had a series of doors. Then you could look to your right and see the archway that leads to a very pitch black tunnel. Yikes. She told us the story of a man that haunts the entrance of the tunnels underneath Walrus. He's tall, has a goatee and is considered an intelligent spririt. She said he likes women and will pull their hair or grab their ankles as they walk through the tunnel. He speaks both English and French and she had an EVP of him that she let us listen to. It's in French but translated to "Not my girl." She has a working relationship with one of the local radio stations and she will take the recordings to them to be blown up and analyzed. They got a high school French teacher to translate what he said. The poor teenagers that work at the ice cream shop are terrified of the basement and never want to go down there. The owner had to create a store room upstairs because all the girls kept saying their ankles would be grabbed anytime they went downstairs to get supplies.
One part has been my feelings. For the better part of my life I thought that my feelings were bad and I had dissociated them. I would start to feel something and then immediately I would push it away. This happens to me a lot in therapy. I will start to feel sad and the moment I try to connect to it, it goes away and I am left feeling blank.
If confronted he could be very cutting and somewhat arrogant, but so could Jung be – they were very proud, and in some way insecure, which makes for interesting drama. All of a sudden these are people like us, they’re not just these great historical personages, these scientists, these thinkers. It made them more human, more like you and me.
“The Financial Strategy requires a statement in the LTP that quantifies the limits on rates, rate increases and borrowing. In the same statement the Council has to assess its ability to maintain service levels and meet additional demands within the rates limits previously stated.”
Tory backbench MP Douglas Carswell said: “It doesn’t matter how you arrange the offices of these technocrats, they are useless at arranging our lives for us and they are not elected so they have no legitimacy.
It hasn't been all gloom and doom though, we have been very blessed. His testing and diagnosis took a very short time compared to a lot of the stories we have heard, he has 2 wonderful Dr's and some great nurses. They have been very helpful, and supportive. We have had some great and wonderful support from our friends at church, and the Professors at the University, we have been given so much help and support from all that we have had contact with this past month.
I had also cut that out earlier in the day...so he doesn't notice a 2 foot wide spray painted sign of Batman but a 6 inch wide, little tiny sign of "POW"... Once my son did finally notice the Batman he did love it!
5-6 potato (boiled and mashed)
Here is a sampling for your perusal:
Given the above, I would not recommend it for publication. I think this paper would be better framed as an argument for why the rigor of social work clinical training need to be/should be improved with suggestions on how to do this, with a particular emphasis on implications for social work educators and field instructors.
That's right ladies :)
against an empty slate ~
How has the nature of “passing” changed or not changed?
May this new year provide you and yours with twelve flavors of awesome, health, happiness, and prosperity.
One brewery I was familiar with, the other my knowledge of them was limited. That, perhaps, is one of the reasons why the Great British Beer Hunt is such a good idea. It gives drinkers the opportunity to try some beers from other parts of the country that you wouldn't ordinarily see in your local supermarket and at 3 for a fiver, there's not much financial risk involved if they turn out rank and not up to the job.
The NCAA Championships kept me engaged for the better part of a week. It offered online streaming and TV. There were story lines galore to follow including the back and forth team battle on the men’s side; the ongoing battle between the Oregon and Texas A&M women; Wheating and the double; upsets in both men’s hurdles; a double in the women’s hurdles; and so many more.
So, the original reason I went out was to examine an oak gall
1 continuous
Who is ready to give some of these products a try?
Save on:
David Fodor, 38, Garrison, N.Y.
Again, a twist ending, done well, can be a good thing. It can stop you in your tracks or make you rush back to the beginning to read the story all over again. What doesn’t work is when the author seems to lose interest in what they’ve been telling you, and suddenly shoehorns something different in, just before the end. It’s jarring, and it makes you wonder why, when the actual story is supposed to be about that last bit, the author deliberately wasted your time with all the other stuff.
Swimming: Ethan LOVES water! From the very beginning he has loved bath time and still does. While Peter has learned to crawl, Ethan seems to be a fish out of water. His mode of getting around is the butterfly stroke. It's so funny to watch!! Not only is he doing the butterfly, but he gets so excited when he sees something he wants, turns himself towards it, and then starts his "stroke" to get there, making excited little noises the whole time. And it keeps going and going since his attention is very quickly caught by something else the moment he reaches his original destination.
Out came the modge podge, and some tissue paper.
juice of one lemon
KG What do you want listeners to take from your music?
All these are about looking for love, to me.
For the wide sky and the blessed sun,
“This album is a labor of love – a gift to those who share my excitement about the Christmas season and want to fill this special time of year with heartwarming, festive and uplifting music,” said Mariah Carey. “This is the sequel to ‘Merry Christmas’ from me II you. On the DVD, you’ll see some exclusive behind-the-scenes moments of the making of this album, which are yours exclusively courtesy of HSN. Hope you love the album and the DVD! Merry Christmas! Love Mariah.”
In this scene I snapped, Toya and Yuhi are breaking into the Mikage Corporation building to save Chidori and her brother Shota who have been captured by the Mikages. Toya finds a ladder leading up into the building. If you have ever read this series, Toya is very much the serious, brooding type of guy while Yuhi is more light hearted and carefree. In typical fashion, Toya is very focused and is trying to take on the task at hand on his own. While Toya is ready to hoist himself up the ladder as he tells Yuhi to wait for him here, Yuhi swoops in and covers Toya’s head with his shirt before Toya can even grab the ladder. The rest of the scene shows Yuhi chastising Toya about his habit for wanting to do things on his own without relying on some help.
In a few hours, there I will be too, trying to uncross my eyes. And Charlie's face will no doubt be covered with milk, not unlike a Jackson Pollock.
But you shouldn't harbor grudges,
3 cups bird seed mix
It turns out messages have been sent out in bottles for a very long time (to varying degrees of success). The earliest recorded sender is said to have been the Greek philosopher Theophrastus who, somewhere around 310 BC, threw bottles into the Med with the hope of proving it the water flowed into the Atlantic—it’s not clear if he heard back. Then in the 16th century Queen Elizabeth I was apparently so inundated with bottles coming from the British Fleet she appointed an official
Below is a new design I gave as a gift to a friend who recently had her second baby. I really like how it turned out, using a combo of serif and script fonts. And pink and yellow are a perfect pair for a little girl’s room.
marriage strikes again.
To do that you need to move above the situation and look at it without being emotionally blinded by it.
Chris Sports Market! Market! (4th Floor)
22: 2:25-2:30 – Chestnut Hill
Will you do it now
In anticipation of the upcoming holidays (yes, sigh, I did see Christmas decor displayed at the store already!), I'll be posting gift ideas...math games and activities that feel like way too much fun to contain real learning! (Heh heh...what the kiddos don't know won't hurt 'em...and might just educate 'em!)
(Disclaimer: I hope you all know this is slightly tongue-in-cheek. I do work at a restaurant but I’ve never compared a customer to an Ol’ Yeller loving, illerate country bumpkin who tracked muddy footprints across our carpet. And honestly the whole ‘wine on the house’ thing depends on if your boss is a skinflint or not. And I’m not really as much of a nerd as that whole Star Wars paragraph makes me out to be. Really!)
Fire-A ribbon set like the air one but this one has deep reds and yellows and it REALLY looks like a fire as the ribbons tangle and set upon each other. Rhea sat her fan back and put it on it and it looked really neat but I was worried about an actual fire so she stopped. As I went trying to make the ribbons I tried out felt, cotton and some silk that was from Sunshine's birthing blankets (they were tie dyed a rainbow color so all the different colors would lend her what she needed when she needed.). None of them would fall back on their self and make a fire and nothing mixed and moved like it. I found it in the bridal aisle. It also doesn't ravel but I do recommend serging or sewing it for the backgrounds..
Orwasher’s also has really good Pumpernickel and Whole Grain breads as well. Orwasher’s also carries a selection of cheeses from Artisanal, one of the best cheese purveyors in NYC.
I cry in cars
without clean mirrors
I can’t wait till I turn 18. Then I can leave and just be myself.
I'm not one of the cool kids on Google+ so far, so technically it doesn't affect me, but if Google were to extend their policy to all Google products, like Blogger, YouTube, Gmail, etc that I use all the time, then I would have to stop using them all. Why? I need to be anonymous. Right now, I work with kids. Now, I have never even had the remotest stray thought of doing anything inappropriate with a child, and I'm sure none of their parents have anything but the utmost respect for the job I do with their kids. In fact, most are quite friendly with me. And yet, because it is still a fairly conservative place, I'm 99% certain that if I were known to be transsexual, I would no longer be able to coach in youth sports, at least not in this town. Even worse, and I've blogged this just recently, it would also have an impact of how my friends and family may be perceived and potentially their employment or social structures would also be affected.
Make it for Summer
3. Share two (2) sentences from that page
Among those tolerant voices was unhinged Hollywood liberal idiot Roseanne Barr, who is also running for President under the Green Party (Twitchy).
And remarkably, our tax code still subsidizes corporations that send U.S. jobs overseas.
Now, this is a strange situation: when a metal band breaks away from the mothership they usually try to get a different target audience. It's a very risky endeavor and it usually ends in failure, but the few bands that achieve that keep everything but the name, effectively. They change their whole aesthetic to suit the demands of their new followers. 'Atmospheric metal' bands that go off in non-metal territories however are naive in a special way: they keep their surface aesthetic signifiers but they just do away with the heavy guitars and growly vocals. They are trying to become indie, electronic or gothic rock outfits while they're still earnest - though moribund - metalheads at heart. They didn't get the memo you can't play metal without the metal and expect it to still work.
Music can also completely change a person's attitude. Someone can be having a pretty crappy day, but just when just the right song comes on the radio, it can make it a lot better. This also happens a lot with Christian radio, as there aren't really any songs about drugs, sex, alcohol, or abuse of any of the aforementioned, but pretty much all the songs are uplifting, and have the underlying message of "To God be the glory".
Finally at1:30pm. They told me to come in right away to have the fluid checked. So I get in there, feeling really silly. Because what if this wasnt my water leaking... So she tested the fluid and sure enough my bag was leaking. She even did a u/s and saw that the fluid was going down. So she said this is it! Your going to have a baby today! I was in complete shock to say the least. She thought I was going to cry. But I wasnt I was just suprised... TODAY?! what... oh well. So off I went to the hospital.
Last, i say “Selamat Datang, Semoga perjalanan anda menyenangkan selama di Kalimantan” lets experience the nature gift in the jungle and feel the lovely and friendly peoples like you never feel before.
The May 21 campaign was an astounding event if you think about its impact upon this world. There is no question that millions, if not billions of people heard for the first time the Bible’s warning that Jesus Christ will return. Huge portions of this world that had never read or seen a Bible heard the message the Christ Jesus is coming to rapture His people and destroy this natural world.
Everyone has their own personal comfort zone. We all have built-in mechanisms that regulate our level of anxiety, fear, and discomfort. When we step outside our normal, existing boundaries, we begin to feel anxious. Our natural tendency is to pull back and go back to the norm.
Greg Edwards, Chicago USA Mission Center:
965. Homemade Spicy Beans Soup with Crispy Pancetta @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 5:12 p.m.
Hi everyone! You know when you have a blog post floating around in your head and you think it's going to be all great and wonderful, so you plan it out, put your big ideas into motion and then it doesn't quite go the way you envisioned? Well, that pretty much describes this post.
Knowing the pompous squandering of public resources that go on inside the UN, I cannot entirely refute the cynical comment that the UN takes money from poor people in rich countries and gives it to rich people in poor countries.
1 tablespoon grated onion
Burp.
Thirteen year old Taner's arc is already written, so I need to flesh out the opposing forces of his world from another character's point of view from:
What does intelligence have to do with it anyway? One might reasonably ask. The reason for its mention is that in an article for the Guardian website today, Nick Spencer, director of studies for theology think-tank Theos, interprets Ecklund’s findings from the perspective of the relative intelligences of the professionally scientific and the followers of religion. In the second shocking conclusion of the day (theists, it’s your turn to look away), Spencer freely admits that Christianity is ‘a faith for the simple’. Using Richard Dawkins’s vocabulary of the “scientific elite” back against him, Spencer reminds his readers that Christianity contains a principally non-elitist philosophy. Christianity, he explains, by design appealed to the less educated masses and social underclasses, something Christ and his apostles both relished and regretted, for it meant being continually misunderstood by the intelligent upper echelons of society. It is not surprising, to Spencer, to find that the Christianity is less represented in Dawkins’s elite than it is in the wider population.
Public Relations Assistant:
He had allegedly uttered intimidating words to the representatives of the timber companies on Oct 18 at the logging camp in Rantau, Sebangan.
01 One for Joe (Frey, Hope) 4:34
In software engineering, a design pattern is a general repeatable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design. A design pattern isn’t a finished design that can be transformed directly into code. It is a description or template for how to solve a problem that can be used in many different situations.
The fools ignore it
Now, with CISPA, the clampdown on Internet freedom comes in the guise of a bill aimed at cyber terrorism that should give Internet entrepreneurs – and all business leaders – nightmares. And yet, this time, major Internet, and technology companies, including Facebook and Microsoft, supported the bill, on the grounds that it would create a clear procedure for handling government requests for information. Microsoft, at least, belatedly dropped its support after recognizing that the law would allow the US government to force any Internet business to hand over information about its users’ online activities.
I did love my Chatty Cathy and Kissy Baby but my favorite gift was my “shoe boots” That is what we called them. They were black boots that were fur lined and when you got those that meant that you no longer had to wear the red plastic boots. For “shoe boots” you took off your shoes to wear them and got a shoe bag to carry your shoes to school in. I was sick that Christmas and wore they all day, even to bed. Maybe you have to be from Indiana to get it
Finally, a new addition to my every-day carry (EDC) survival load, acquired this weekend, through trade, is a brand-spanking new Smith and Wesson Bodyguard .380 pocket pistol as a back-up gun (BUG). I've wanted a little pocket gun for a long time now, and never seem to find one for sale private party. A friend had one and was willing to trade it to me, so I've not got it riding in my trouser pocket, in a little ballistic nylon holster, until I can fabricate a kydex rig for it.
Fandangos Grandes de Agujetas
***SPOILERS AHEAD!!***
So I’ll be here…there…everywhere.
In every cupboard and draw.
Mario Kart 7
But this is more than a political calculation. It is more than just a pander to his base. It is a pander to himself: Obama is a member of his base. He believes this stuff. It is an easy and comfortable political shift for him, because it’s a shift from a phony centrism back to his social-democratic core, from positioning to authenticity.
They prevailed again in 1967, after a last minute cutoff of arms and supplies from Charles DeGaulle deprived them of all arms and supplies from France, their major arms source. The US remained neutral during that war and supplied no arms to the Jewish State, who were facing war on three fronts from Arab nations armed with the latest Soviet weapons. The Six Day War was a miracle not only because Israel won against overwhelming odds, but because they were able to win before the supplies and spare parts for their French weapons ran out.
There isn't a lot going on in my life, yet I am always feeling anxious, busy and that there aren't enough hours in a day. I always feel like there is a lot to do with not enough time to do it. Even right now my heart is racing over the idea of knowing that I have stuff to do and it's already 7pm! Someone please give me some advice on how I should relax!!
Hope you all have a great weekend - and those of us in NZ continue to enjoy this gorgeous sunny weather that we have been having recently!
We arrived at Pueblo station.
Blabber went running about with her "it's a rare disease" shout while Glory Dear stuffed Miss Priss and I with food and The Blue Guy started starring at the rest of the brood. Blabber's pet tarsier tried to help but even he was scared of your hypochondriac yelp. Irish Air was trying to speak but it seems we were all up the creek. For no one could talk or even walk until his eyes were through with their slot machine view. He looked toward Irish Air and you can tell she wanted to chop off that eejit's pair. In his gaze came a blaze and things got dire. For Irish Air sported a head of fire. She rain to Petsy's fountain to put it out but then began to shout. For the fountain had been turned to liquor and her head burned quicker.
ungaliyo ko ungaliyo se, mausamon ko shokhiyon se baat karne do
527 D-IV/16/1962. “Madrid and Moscow: On a Six-Month Camping Trip Across Europe.” Prepared for delivery at Otterbein College, Westerville, Ohio.
Would you take a risk on a manuscript that showed lots of promise but needed a lot of work?
Hi everyone! I have missed blogging over the last couple weeks. I have had a lot of personal things to deal with and just haven't been able to craft or blog. I will be back commenting on blogs soon (I miss all of your creations)! Below is a fun spooky card I made for this week's The Digi Bistro This to That Tuesday Challenge. The challenge is to use a tag on your card/project.
All patterned papers are from Pink Paislee's Spring Fling line. I used Core'dinations cardstock along with Distress Stickles & Studio G glitter glues. The flowers are prima with Recollections brads. I inked the edges with VersaMagic's Jumbo Java chalk.
Mitchell might have believed him but I do my own research!
Cerebrosides – Fatty acids and sugars found in the covering of nerves. May include tissue from brain.
Fact? How credible is an Attorney General who regards such undocumented speculation as "fact?" This spring, ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center in their MIAC advisory to the Missouri State Police warned police to be suspicious of immigration protestors as possible domestic terrorists. Holder praises ADL for such proactive vigilance.
Thank the lord this brilliant little big film managed to live, then die a little bit before blossoming on Blu-Ray.
Received a nice package from Defiance Games in the form of a box of their UAMC United Americas Marine Corps Infantry. The box allows you to build up to 24 28mm figures.
The part of the interview which really moved me was when Gareth said that his Mum brought a new-born baby home, the day that they were born and encountered sleepless nights, doing all the things that new Mums do . They cared for the child for a year and a half, the baby grew thinking that Gareth’s mum was it’s Mum and vice-versa and they had to pass the child on. It must have been heartbreaking for his family. “It’s hard to let any child go however, when you’ve brought them up from birth for a year and a half , yeah it was hard”
kissing and sucking her breast and rolled on top of her . She
Being manifest before the objectivity of seeing, vision-in-Black is describable only topologically, in terms of an out there in which one finds oneself, a region that surrounds. Description of vision-in-Black is a filling out of the landscape marked by the hyphens around the preposition (-in-) for which topology is neither allegory of something a-topological nor representation of an actual topology. What is describable of vision-in-Black is something clearer: the seeing of place itself, wherein universe or 'creation' is revealed to be actual allegory, the other-being of the Real. Vision-in-Black names the scene (from skia, shadow) of mysticism, the shadowy place of extensive non-difference between the negative darkening of knowledge and the black brilliance of seeing beyond light. Vision-in-Black is the landscape in which truth travels securely, where one moves as the limitless in of the Real: secret in secret. This is the topological union of mystical movement and dwelling, the paradoxically paradisical way of wilderness wherein exposure and dereliction are perfect security and enclosure. The left hyphen, between vision and in, corresponds to the term of movement and exposure, the extensive vector of secret: seeing the
When I started, I drank anything that had the word “pagan” in it without thinking much on source texts they came from. There weren’t any Buckland or Cunningham around when I got my first lessons. They came mostly from 3 local magazines on paranormal, introducing the local witches and through interviews explaining why they believed one thing or another. So when I finally got my hands on those so-called classics, I though on several occasion – how on earth did he come on that? Or how is that relevant? So I researched it and drew my own conclusions.
I’m not worried about our friendship. We’ll always be friends, no matter where our travels take us (same goes for Katherine and Jen). But I so enjoy the time I spent with Tavi, because among lots of other things, I like the way I feel about myself when I’m with him. I like knowing that no matter how I’m feeling, whether it’s depressed or stressed or anxious, I’ll feel better if he’s around. That’s the sign of a true, great friend.
Some of you identified this one as Yarrow. I've never grown this before. I had no idea that it is a spreader. All of the shoots near the bottom are growing new plants beside it. Am I gonna hate this. It seems to be a rapid spreader?
And so the journey to better well-being continues…
The monochromed Carcanets.
Daylight Loser Time
Those who are fine with mediocre marriages can leave their love to chance and hope for the best. But if you are committed to giving your spouse the best love you possibly can, you need to shoot for love’s highest motivation. Love that has God as its primary focus is unlimited in the heights it can attain.
I have struggled to find a way to structure this letter to you, and I’ve decided to make two lists. The first is a list of things that you will regret. The second is a list of things you won’t regret. Simple enough, right? The significance of these two lists, though, is what can be taken from them. What is inherent in these two lists is what I have learned in hindsight from my adolescence, and I simply wish I could go back and tell you these things in order to make that time in your life a little easier to navigate. There are things you will do that you will regret and wish had never happened– if only to save yourself so much time that was wasted on things that were unhealthy or damaging to your self worth. Don’t be in such a big hurry to be a grown-up– you have no idea what being an adult actually means, so it is a waste of time to try and emulate them. Be a kid a little bit longer. Don’t let others decide who you are, but decide for yourself. Be a leader, not a follower. Be KIND to everyone you meet, you have no idea what is going on in their hearts, minds, and homes. Relax.
The next month, an Amazon recruiter sent an e-mail to several editors at big publishing houses, looking for someone to launch a new New York-based publishing imprint. “The imprint will be supported with a large budget, and its success will directly impact the success of Amazon’s overall business,” read the e-mail, which was obtained by Bloomberg Businessweek.
Thursday (1.27.2011) - Cooking Ventures' Easy Stromboli & salad
Pollen from saffron
Unfortunately for the Sprouts, yet again they may be hoist by their own petard. The very legal-heavy structure they created means the Hungarians could run the Commission round in circles for years: without action in response from the Orban regime, the European Court of Justice—the EU’s highest court—will be used by Brussels to adjudicate. Anyone who has ever appealed to this Mad Hatter’s Tea Party will know that the Third Millennium celebrations may well be looming before it makes a decision. After that – even if the ECJ finds Hungary in breach of EU Law – it’s hard to see what the EU or the IMF could do about it apart from withhold funds.
This is very famous during Navrathiri. I never miss the Friday during the 9 days to collect this delicious puttu from my friend’s house. Though looks very tedious to prepare, it is easy if you practice. When you follow the steps clearly, it won’t go wrong. The texture must be so soft. That’s the secret of this recipe.
Later that day, our realtor came over to do a walk-through and have us sign some papers. She scared the hell out of me when she said they were having a “heat wave” that week and that the -15 weather would be getting much colder in a day or two. She was right; today it leveled out at a whopping -31 degrees.
Submitted by Harry Saloor
These routine calls surely make my mind roam
2 cups all purpose flour
Graham cracker crust
This is one of my favorite wedding pictures of us. First, because we look as young and innocent as we were. And second because the wind was blowing--we were on the roof of the Oakland LDS temple, overlooking the San Francisco bay where the wind regularly blows--and we didn't even care. We were married, and that was all that mattered that day.
Rising artists will discuss the MFA and how it has shaped their practice, career and outlook on the art world in a town hall style discussion with students exhibiting in the New Insight exhibition.
Back at the dance, Klaus turned up and insisted on a dance with Caroline. This gave Tyler a chance to put on a show and pretend to be at the mercy of Klaus’ every whim. During his slow dance with Caroline, Klaus offered her a dream life, full of travel, luxury, and romance. When she refused, he stormed out, vowing that someday, she would realize her mistake and come to him. As a big Tyler-Caroline fan, I was shocked at how excited I got when the hits of Klaus-Caroline started coming this season. Seeing the sensitive side of Klaus is really nice, and I especially like that his intentions towards Caroline appear to be completely romantic. He wants to give her everything her heart desires for all eternity; he does not want to turn her into a fellow murderer.
I'm thinking white sashing but not sure what colour for the cornerstones - according to the colourwheel, the triad would include purple, but there's no other purple anywhere in the fabrics, then maybe I could use brown (there's brown birdies and owls) but it's a bit 'meh'......decisions, decisions..................
In most interviews around the release of The Magician King, Grossman said he didn't know what he was going to write next and that he would be taking a little time off from writing. But it appears inspiration has struck and we'll be treated to at least one more Magician's book featuring some past characters. Here is what from Grossman said in his Brakebills Alumni Newsletter:
Peter began to say to him, “See, we have left everything and followed you.” Mark 10:28
Model: Sanja
China, please investigate and re-educate the lower tier cities and rural areas especially. This is a chilling sort of news easily dismissed as rumour or covered up as a form of anti-China propaganda. There are many families happy to adopt children around the world, please streamline the social protections and social services in China if this is true. Young lives destroyed in this manner will only harm China’s reputation.
(1) Who is the customer or market?
2) I really, really, really hate drug addicts. This may have something to do with me being married to one for 10 years.
i have a new life
Apparently Shakespeare’s The Tempest is a breeding ground for discussions about race and colonialism. And only a commie would read something titled Civil Disobedience, even if Thoreau was mostly a nature dude. Or something.
Time is unloving, unfeeling, and a machine that destroys everything in its wake. A faceless killing machine.. We hurry it up, we rush and rush through time.. Why? For that next self-satisfying moment? For that party, for that vacation, that movie, that what? Why are we in such a hurry to die? I am soooo that way with my life.. It’s Monday, let’s race through the week to get to Friday so we can rush through our fun weekend.. I frigging hate time.. Time is not a friend of mine.. Never has been really.. I miss my friend and guess what, time will eventually let me feel better about her being gone… How am I supposed to feel about that?? Time causes such pain and then let’s you get over it.. I can’t wrap my mind around how this works!!?? I don’t want to “get better” or have it “get easier.” I don’t want time to take her away from me, to have her as a fond memory as time often does for people…
New desk from World Market, campaign desk. We bought two, one for each side of the room. Lots of space to move the desk between sewing machine and laptop. Sewing supplies sorted in mason jars for easy finding. They won't stay on the desk, but will hopefully be housed in a future wall unit or china cabinet painted black. Researching/pinning ideas now!
Wishing you all warm smiles...
Wouldn't you just kill to be in her shoes?!
While I was up one night, entirely too late, I came across a great tutorial on how to make a tiered tray using plates. I though hum… that looks really neat, I think I will try that. Well, it has been like 4 months and nothing. So I have decided that it will be our first project… for after the consignment sale. Ok, so I have a problem with procrastinating too. But I promise that after the consignment sale I will have a great little tutorial on how to turn these great plates I found at Target
Next gig? Yes - look out for details of our next gig here soon. It'll be in the London area on October 31st. That's Friday October, 31st, fact fans. For those of you counting that'll be our second show in no less than 5 months. They don't call us the hardest working band in Britain.
1/2 tsp. Mrs. Dash (or your seasoning blend of choice)
3 tbsp ground almonds or cashews
Break Into
Which in sleep had fallen on you-
"I'll try of course," Miss Hood replied.
We have arrived! I am sitting writing this post from our lovely new home in Brisbane! It was a very long drive and we stayed overnight at Coffs Harbour, the children did so well in the car, we had no motion sickness for the first time and they entertained themselves with eyespy and other car games.
Even though I have a tough exterior, I can feel left out sometimes and it was so nice to know I was thought of!
In gaming the console іs а popular medium fоr entertainment thrоugh video games. With thе improvements in personal computer graphics and processing speed, dedicated simultaneous programs van bе utilized whіlе playing the highest graphic games. The cataclysm hardware requirements normal and ultra settings in playing a game such as world of war craft аrе nоt fаr out оf reach.
"The future excitement of these findings relates to the potential of manipulating lung stem cellsthrough neuropeptides or their inhibitors," Engelhardt said. He cautioned that "the identity of lungstem cell is a matter of hot debate, and it remains unclear how the majority of functional studies we conduct in mice will translate to humans. However, given the similar findings of CGRP dysregyulation in four CF species, this pathway appears to be important in CF."
Man! There is so much to say about Dez and it is impossible to articulate it in a short blog.Our conversation is deep and her quotes at the beginning of this entry do articulate the basics of her council. I guess the biggest take away I can offer, “Be courageous. Look at your life, but do not reflect on it. Lean on your experiences, education, spirituality and conscience to make you decisions and once made, constantly listen to your self-voice and be strong and humble enough to follow your own inspiration.”In speaking of the future, and the world, Dez starts with this… after a big pause of thought, “I can’t comment on the world, that is too big. For me, it’s not really possible to see what it will be.”“For me, it’s not really possible to see what it will be.” Dez says, and I know she means it in a very optimistic way. And after hearing so many doom and gloom predictions, Dez’s reply is a breath of fresh air.Picking it back up, Dez continues, “But I can comment on society and myself. For me, peacefulness in self, for society – really think about acceptance of self and others, and learn to work hand-in-hand with each other. We all know what it’s like to be human, ‘the human experience,’ and we all know what pain and happiness is.”Our interview is growing to a close and I’ve forgotten to tell you one thing, my daughter has been patiently sitting with us. Why do I constantly drag her with me on these 365 quests?A two part answer, “1) She asks to come, 2) I’m watching her learn compassion and am proud of her for her sensitivity.”Dez and my girl hit it off wonderfully, furthering my gratitude for Dez’s outlook on life.So what about Dez’s act of kindness today, other than the sweetness she has shared with my daughter?It’s called a “Yarnbomb.” Every once and a while, Dez painstakingly knits a gift. Her gift? A handcrafted cotton flower carrying a message. A message that she randomly places on a tree, or a street post or even in a yard. A special little offering of affirmation and hope to whoever the unknown recipient is. Bottom line, a selfless act of random kindness.
or until chicken juices run clear. Yield: 4 servings.
ISAAC Canada has been a terrific partner. The support and networking that our partner has offered us is remarkable. We look forward to continuing on the road towards our mutual goals.
Although we have been pleased with our drivers and guides in Argentina, there is nothing like a familiar face when one is weary at the end of the trail!
2002 and 2003 renewals of what is now the Ladbrokes World Hurdle. In 2010, he won a fourth Champion Hurdle with Binocular. This year was a memorable Cheltenham Festival for the owner, whose five victories at The Festival included Synchronised, victorious in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. McManus does a lot of work for charity and his Pro-Am golf tournament, which takes place every five years, has raised over 95 million euros. McManus is also a keen backgammon player and a big hurling fan. He owns Jackdaws Castle, the Gloucestershire yard that Jonjo O’Neill trains from, and has invested heavily in improving facilities since purchasing the property in 2001. He was British champion owner for the 2005/6, 2006/7, 2008/9 and 2009/10 seasons. A full 28 years after his runner in the race, McManus finally achieved a long-held ambition when Don’t Push It won the 2010 John Smith’s Grand National. He often has multiple entries in the race; five runners in 2004, six in 2005, four in 2006, two in 2007, four in 2008, four in 2009, four in 2010 and five in
So what are your obsessions? Are you an Anthro statement necklace hoarder like me? I can run with the best of them, I tell ya! I may hoard statement necklaces but I do actually wear them too! You should know that the word "hoard" and me have never been used in the same sentence before. I'm actually the anti-hoarder. I throw everything away. Ask my husband. It drives him crazy. But not statement necklaces. Nope, the more the merrier I say! =)
Over at our house, I made a German Puff Pancake for the very first time (haven't posted it on my blog yet) and the kids and I loved it. We especially had fun peeking through the oven window watching the pancake jump as it puffed up and baked in our cast iron skillet.
In the original, the inevitability of Elizabeth’s and Darcy’s eventual union heats every page; here they barely have a scene together. If you go in expecting to be reunited with one of the most famous pair of literary lovers in history, you will be greatly disappointed. Though they have had two children since the last book ended, you may well ask yourself – how? There is absolutely nothing between them. Oh, they yearn and pine for one another, to be sure, but only in their fervid inner monologues. One begins to furtively wish for Elizabeth to ache in her nether regions again, but this is obviously an area which P.D. James spurns.
No, seriously. Mike Hall, former awesome player for GW from 2002-2006, has a Twitter account, @_MikeHall. The icon for his account is a bobblehead of him on the toilet, reading a newspaper. #3 is taking a #2. This is amazing.
The two bought food and stopped outside her parents' house in Orkney shortly before 1am.
We could also choose to continue living in the dreams and ideals of yesteryear as if Hendrik Verwoerd was still running the country and Hendrik vd Bijl was building our industries. We could imagine ourselves regaining the Boer Republics and winning the referendum with a "No" vote, but unfortunately life does not work that way.
Men in Black
Thanks to everyone who voted. Green Paper is this weekend’s champion and its song “April 27, 2004″ will remain in the rotation until dethroned by you.
I learned about healthy anger that alerts me to the presence of a problem that I need to deal with. Now, it also took practice to know where, when and how to express it. Sometimes, outside the hospital and the Anger Management room, I’d get angry and express it inappropriately. Caused some embarrassment for my family a few times, which I regretted. Eventually I learned to get it right, at least most of the time. The old adage, “Practice makes perfect,” is not really true, as my daughter’s orchestra conductor taught her. Instead, “Practice makes permanent, and perfect practice makes perfect.” So when I’d get angry, I’d slow down before just acting on it. I’d think about where, when and how to best deal with it. I’ve gotten better with it over time. Occasionally I still express anger inappropriately, which means I’ve gotten really good at saying I’m sorry and asking for forgiveness.
We use a system called Blackboard for the online classes. It’s pretty good. Discussion boards, library links, relevant videos, chat capabilities, course materials, and links to textbook publisher sites all make it very useful. My university also uses it to post information of interest to students and graduates: notices on job fairs, campus events, etc. There’s room for improvement but overall, I really like Blackboard.
Blighted Ovum ... two words no woman EVER wants to hear. Seriously, just click on the link or google it to read about it. Basically, the egg is fertilized, and implants and your body is pregnant, and at some point ... it simply detaches and your body continues to think it's pregnant until it realizes it's not. I got dressed and we headed in to talk to the Dr. A miscarriage. An "oops". A medical mystery. Questions filled the room as Charles and I tried to understand what we did wrong and how we can prevent this :
fun with new toys
The deceased horses were found on the owner’s property but authorities believe most of the horses were shot on the defendant’s property.
Eric Weiner’s irresistible curiosity of happy nations, triggered his quest to explore new worlds. Within a span of a year, Weiner managed to live in ten countries to determine the causes of happiness. In order to comprehend happiness, he traveled to spots with happy nations as well as grumpy nations.
Points are incarnating consciousness in space
So first I must be straight with each of you. I did not follow through on my own challenge for this week. I did not take a look at three things in my appearance, my personal life and my professional life that I love and remind myself of them during the week. I thought–hey that’s a great idea! But I delayed in taking action on it. To me this seems a symptom of many things in my life and perhaps in the lives of others as well. This morning, I finally sat down and took a look at what I loved in each area. I’m going to share that with you now. I’m seeing in this that there’s a part of me that avoids looking at the good at me–some ill-begotten belief that it’s wrong or that I won’t move forward either way, being a perfectionist who is never good enough has become a comfortable way of being and acting for me–though it rarely leaves me satisfied. It may work in the short term but never in the long. So I’m taking on this challenge again. If you thought–hey that sounds great! and then didn’t move or even if you did take action, I invite you to join me in a week of looking at the positives and recognizing oneself as the grand and wonderful person that we each and every one of us are. We each make a difference in every moment whether we know it or not. And that’s beautiful. So try on looking at what we love about ourselves and our lives, giving ourselves a break from self tear downs and reaching for the stars, creating bliss in life.
Let them prove their inward souls against the notion
i look at the screen flashing
This presented a problem for Broadcast TV since their economic model did not let them compete well against Cable TV or Satellite Dish TV who charged monthly viewer fees. At first, viewers were willing to pay these monthly fees since they could get 10 times more channels than Broadcast TV could supply.
He spent the whole night at her apartment.
David Wondrich, who wrote a very thorough and entertaining article about the ideal formulation of this drink, recommends adding the bitters to get a bit closer to the original, bitter-er Kina Lillet version. (The ideal, he says, would be to hunt down some quinine powder, but I'm a little too lazy for that.) He also gives the directions for mixing it thusly:
This is a book that every believer needs to read and digest. This is probably the most encouraging book I have read all year and one I will return to for years to come. Jesus + Nothing = Everything is a freeing gospel truth!
Pay attention to the below areas for the next 48 hours approx.. from about 220am CDT 4/2/2012 : Minnesota / Wisconsin, south Texas, and the East Coast (NYC south to Virginia)…
This is the opening of that same Conservative manifesto:
He pulled over at Redmesa Drive, along a scenic overlook, and handed me a big, chilled bottle of water from inside a dark cool compartment lodged between the bucket seats.
“But still she was there, who was there before Sauron, and before the first stone of Barad-dûr; and she served none but herself, drinking the blood of Elves and Men, bloated and grown fat with endless brooding on her feasts, weaving webs of shadow; for all living things were her food, and her vomit darkness” p 164 Book Four: The Ring Goes East Tolkien
We are not talking CLOGGED (chuck full of sin or obstructions), we are talking cleansing where if it is not taken care of it WILL clog.
Hell everyone-
We have been to Fall Creek Falls many times, but had never travelled there from the south. We were near Dunlap, Tennessee, heading up the Plateau when, as we were rounding a curve, we saw a waterfall just off the road. It didn’t have a lot of water going over the fall, but it was very tall. Naturally we had to stop and get some pictures. We later learned that this was Possum Falls.
A battle of two good but not great players - I'll give the nod to Castilla since it is an insert card. 5-4 Pinnacle now.
This ice cream was velvety smooth, unlike my green tea ice cream which had a slight grittiness to it (I had thought it might have been from the brand of green tea powder I used, which is added directly to the custard instead of steeping it with tea leaves. I guess this proves my theory to be correct!). In any case, I think I'll try this infusion method for earl grey ice cream too!
All of the magnetic particles had settled on the bottom so I had to stir for a while before I felt like it had been mixed consistently. See how it's really runny and liquid-y looking at the top of the stick and at the bottom it's thick and goopy looking.
1/2 cup of black sesame seeds
Nay, rather did impede so much my way,
That's also why I love Kate Bush. She is the last angel.
So as you might expect, I've been rather busy and apologise if I haven't managed to visit your blog over Christmas. I know you'll understand and I promise I'll be with you in the New Year.
None of this has happened yet. In a recent conversation with my mother we joked about the frequency with which I fall, and she took great pleasure in regaling me with stories from my toddler-hood of my life on the border of reckless and fearless (I remember the time you charged into the water in Rhode Island and the wave knocked you over, I remember the time you took a flying leap onto the sled and the sled didn’t move and you slammed your face into the snow…she takes a bit more joy in these stories than is seemly). That’s where I have always lived my life, on the edges of good taste and good sense, hoping that there is enough room for me to spaz out and not hit anything.
I did nothing, and just kept driving.
“I’m delighted to be eating mashed up bits of surplus communal farm turnips and copies of Pravda,” says Hansgang Wölfenstein, lead engineer on the Groënwultz ‘micro-chip’ project that aims to deliver the Democratic Republic’s state-of-the-art computer sector a powerful one megabyte of memory by 2017. “I have made this statement of my own free will.”
Christmas time is here! My family and I always plan an annual visit to Disneyland during the Christmas season. My husband and I celebrated our 18th wedding anniversary on Dec 18th with our kids and more family. Yes, I got married a week before Christmas. It was a great time and reason to gather family near and far. Even Santa came to our reception.
I can influence my rising; if I love God, he will love me, if I draw near Him, He will draw near me, if I seek Him diligently He will reward me. Even though He is the Almighty, He is a God of principles. He follows his principles in all His actions. If I do what I should do, He will lift me up.
then you disappear without a trace…I have never really met you – only in my dreams…But I know you’re there…I wish you’d find your way to me soon…I desire your touch like the flowers need the sun…To feel our passion freely and to know you are the one…The romantic side of me will always love you so…Until the day we do finally meet and we both lose control…The reason that I found you was more than fate… Your timing is never wrong…Now we share a bond so strong…My love for you has reached my deepest soul…And I’m longing for you…To have you in my arms to hold…And never let go…Being silently in love with someone you might never have…Close enough to hold his hand…Yet, too far to feel his heart…Living quietly in pretense…Carrying a feeling of love that’s unknown to most and hiding it…But not knowing for how long…Fallen so deeply, loving unconditionally…But so afraid to say what you really feel…But knowing that holding his hand would feel so right…And that your heart smiles every time he’s at sight…And hearing his sweet voice makes your day…And you secretly hope you can hug him in a special way…My heart keeps holding on to you…At every waking moment, in everything I do…I keep seeing your face in my daydreams all day…And if you knew, what would you say? My heart would literally break in two if I was ever to see you with someone else…And I would blame myself for not finding enough courage to tell you how I feel…I wish I could somehow change the time and make my dream where you were mine alive…I wish no one ever had to know…The feeling of lovesick pain from head to toe…Like someone rips out your heart and tears it in two…And sit back and watch is all you can do…In my dreams you say those words I long to hear…And when I look into your eyes, I know you’re sincere…So I’ll see you later, when the day is through…When I’m asleep in my bed, dreaming of you…Love sits and waits inside the empty void of the heart…Waiting for that special moment that will light the spark…The one special person that will take the place…Of the hurt in a heart that will put a glow on a face…The one special touch that will make you want to cry…And the one special kiss that won’t let you say goodbye…I’m sitting here, waiting for that one moment in time when I will find my true love who will say to me “You are mine”…For that touch and that kiss that will never, ever end…For that one day I’m waiting for when I say “I do” to the one I’ve been waiting for all my life at the end…So, I sit here waiting if my dreams will come true…In every dream I dream my “one special person” is you…There will always be a heartache and often a silent tear…But always a million wishes, wishing you were here…There will always be your reflection, in my lonely saddened stream…And there will always be a “you and me”, as long as I can dream…Every time I look at you makes me realize that you are that someone…My only one…I know we belong together…And I want to be with you forever…I know it was fate and that you are my soul mate…I know that you are THE ONE…I wish I could hold you tight and I know it would feel right…Because when I’d be with you I’d know it’s true that you are the one I want to spend rest of my life with…Your smile brings light into my darkness and your touch would take away my pain…I wish your eyes would only see me and your lips only speak my name…I know we were meant to be together…There’s no other way it could be because without you by my side I no longer could be me…You’ve changed my life forever…You’ve showed me the meaning of true love…You’ve opened my eyes and made me feel alive again…You are the love of my life and not even death could do us part…For you are my forever soul mate and I love you with all my heart…When I close my eyes I see his face and I can feel his touch…His warm embrace…I can hear his voice when he whispers that he’ll never let me go…And it feels so divine but then I open my eyes only to find he’s not there…Was it all in my head? And I feel sad but then as I look up…Out of the blue I see his sweet smile…And I reach out to him and to have him back with my arms wide open…The moment stands still…A love frozen in time…You are the man I had dreamt about for so long…The man I have been waiting for forever…I want to share my love with you…So pure, so true…I want to shout out loud…I LOVE YOU!…I could look at your face forever and I could hold your hand for all time…If I could have one granted wish, it would be that you are mine…I dream about you all the time…You came into my life when my world stood still…I couldn’t say a word…And the feelings of love I have kept in my heart…I’ve loved you in silence and worshipped you from a distance… Dreamt of you all the time…I want to say I love you, but I’m afraid…Afraid that you’ll just take it for granted…So, in silence then, I’ll just love you and in silence I’ll find…The fulfillment of my dreams…I can’t explain why I feel this way…Every time you come my way I tremble, feeling nervous…Feeling like I’m gonna fall down unconscious…I don’t know what’s so special about you that made me fall so deeply in love with you…Maybe that cute face of yours, your smiles and ways, yes of course…Every time I dream about being by your side I’d like to stretch my hands open wide…And embrace you tight endlessly but I can’t because you might turn away from me…But what can I do, if this is what I feel for you…Can you really blame me, if I have fallen madly in love with you…What can I do to let you know my heart is for real…Sitting at the beach at night and wishing the stars could tell you…I wish you could let me love you for no reason, for no return…Swinging with the waves of the ocean and wishing they could tell you about my feelings for you…What can I do to let you know how much I feel for you…Wishing the clouds or the moon would let you know…Shivering in the wind and wondering where you are right now…I sit here all alone and thinking of you…I think of how I love you and how you make me feel…I think of what could be when a wish would come true for you to love me too…I’m holding on to my love for you and hoping one day soon…You will love me like I love you…I love you so deeply, I love you so much, I love the sound of your voice and I long for your touch…I love your beautiful smile…And all the joy that you bring to my everyday life…I love you today as I have from the start…And I’ll love you forever with all of my heart…I wish I could write your name into the sky but the wind would blow it away…And if I’d write your name into the sand the waves would wash it away…But I have written your name into my heart and I know that there it will stay forever…Sometimes I sit up at nights staring into the ceiling above…And hoping to be lucky enough to be given your love…And wishing you’d know that I love you so…Deep in my heart is where you’ll stay each and every day…Now, forever and always…And I wish that you’d know that I’ll always be there to show you how much I care…That I’d never let you down…And I wish that you’d know how much you mean to me…That you are my eyes to see, my heart to beat and my air to breathe…And that without you…There’s no me…In my heart I hold your love close…It’s your love that I need the most…I’m here all alone with all my thoughts of you…Thinking of our future and all the things that we could do…You holding me in your arms and your heart beating next to mine…As we get lost in time…I dream of that distant place where you will always be mine…But in my heart you will always be…The one, the only one for me…I don’t look forward going through the day…Knowing you’re not here with me…Thinking of the endless hours as the days dragging by…Why does it have to be this way? I have a wish for you and me…I wish that you would bring your love to me…In my heart you will never leave…You are the one and I will love you, always, till our days are done…I love you more than all the stars in the sky…I love you more as each moment passes us by…I love you more with every breath I take…I love you asleep and when I’m awake…I need you like a flower needs the rain…I need you to wash away my pain…I need you more each day…I need you because you’re so wonderful, in every single way…I miss you more than ever now…I miss you because I really need you somehow…I miss you and your touch…I miss you because to me you mean so much…I want you to look into my eyes and see my love for you…I want you to hold me close to your heart…I want you to know that I love you…Need you…Miss you…Want you… And I have for every single moment…Right from the start…I dream about blue skies above and white clouds drifting by…I dream about green meadows and the greenest hills…And rivers that never will run dry…I dream about your mysterious eyes, I fear the time that passes by…Without you by my side…I dream about your smile so bright, I wish you could hold me tight…I dream about you all the time, my love for you lightens up the darkest skies…But why can’t I speak when I have so much to tell…Why can’t I write when I have so much in mind…Why can’t I sing when there’s music in my heart…Why can’t I dance when there’s rhythm in the air…Too many words left unspoken…Too many things left undone…But why can’t it be and why can’t I? For all I know this pain deep inside is taking away the joy from my heart…Is this the pain of missing you…Is this the reason behind it all…I can hear the agony of my heart…Longing for you and your love…When will the waiting ever be over? For as long as we’re apart I can never be whole…I just want you to know that my heart is aching because I’m missing you so much…It’s so hard not to tell you the way I feel inside…Every time I have the chance, it’s my heart that I must hide…I keep it to myself, in fear of what you’ll say…Because my soul couldn’t bare it if you didn’t feel the same…I cry myself to sleep at night wishing you were here to hold me tight…Teardrops on my pillow because my heart is in pain…It’s only your love that I wish to gain…I don’t know what to do or say…Just wishing you would be beside me in every way…So I could tell you that my love for you will never end…For you, I would climb the highest mountain even though I’m afraid of heights…For you I would swim the deepest ocean blue even though I’d be terrified of drowning…For you, I would face my biggest fears because I want you by my side…Because I know that you are the one…You make me whole…You captured my heart and touched my soul…You alone are my reason to live and for you is everything I have to give…You came into my life when I needed you the most…You gave me back my desire to live…And you make me complete…Each time I see you, my heart skips a beat…You define beauty, in both body and mind…And I never want to let you out of my life…Just happy your fate collided with mine…
Any show that has to do with fashion is my kind of show. Although I don’t exactly dress like those high class fashion gurus and I have my own unique style , I still enjoy checking out whats in style, what’s not and whats HOTT!.
- Free to upload to ShowMe.com to share your recordings with friends
A little investigating by the vice principal revealed that my daughter's friend called her mother and asked if she would come and say the phone was hers so my daughter could get it back without my husband or I finding out she'd had it taken away. AND THE MOTHER AGREED AND DID IT!
People should consult a doctor or health care practitioner before taking squawvine. The patient should inform the doctor about other medications or herbs that he or she takes. Once treatment with squawvine begins, people should see their doctors if their conditions haven’t improved within two weeks.
In the aftermath of some high-profile cases of children bullying each other, many states have adopted legislation to try to counter bullying. Forty states have adopted measures to specifically address cyberbullying or electronic harassment, according to the Cyberbullying Research Center. The researchers define cyberbullying as persistent electronic harassment over the Internet or mobile phones.
Sorry that there wasn’t an update last week. I know I typically do give an update even if I don’t think there’s much going on. Mom’s been crazy busy and so I haven’t pushed her to make a post here. That doesn’t mean that she doesn’t, or I don’t, care about what’s going on with me and my insides, but it’s kinda weird to watch her run around like a chicken without a head.
Create a signature style of handwriting for yourself. Maybe you want to dot your ‘i’s, or heart them. Maybe your ‘y’s will be curly and loopy. Maybe you will write your ‘o’s with smiley faces inside, or puppies. Maybe all your ‘j’s will be purely in capitals. Who knows. Let your imagination soar.
Many ordinary Christians are deeply conflicted by their desire to embrace homosexual brethren in the fellowship of the church, when some of their leaders are telling them that these people are sinners.
She made me believe in...... welll... me again.........
Shame some of your manners can't rub off on her brother!!
Having arrived at this conclusion, we are relieved of the necessity of deciding the question as to which department of government is authorized to inquire whether the contingency on which the law is predicated still exists. The right of one or another department to declare the emergency terminated is not in issue. As a matter of fact, we have endeavored to find the will of the National Assembly—call that will, an exercise of the police power or the war power — and, once ascertained, to apply it. Of course, the function of interpreting statutes in proper cases, as in this, will not be denied the courts as their constitutional prerogative and duty. In so far as it is insinuated that the Chief Executive has the exclusive authority to say that war not ended, and may act on the strength of his opinion and findings in contravention of the law as the courts have construed it, no legal principle can be found to support the proposition. There is no pretense that the President has independent or inherent power to issue such executive orders as those under review. we take it that the respondents, in sustaining the validity of these executive orders rely on Act No. 600, Act No. 620, or Act No. 671 of the former Commonwealth and on no other source. To put it differently, the President’s authority in this connection is purely statutory, in no sense political or directly derived from the Constitution.
These are obvious and transparent gimmicks. But the mainstream media is largely simply ignoring it. They are liberal in their ideology and “gatekeepers” in their philosophy of journalism. The result is that they don’t tell you anything that they don’t want you to know.
Sandi ordered the multi-grain pancakes and I ordered my usual: Corned beef hash and eggs over easy with Greek toast. We were both served coffee, which was unexpectedly strong and flavorful.
Got lost in cyber space (again). Set up plain vanilla home telephone service for a family member a few months ago. You know, the old-fashioned kind with the long curly cord. The big name phone company’s website said I’d have to call to activate residential service, even though I was a long-time cellular customer. Fine. I used my cell phone to call the 800 number and received a generic message inviting me to “Please hold for the next available agent”. After about 15 minutes of alternating commercials and heavy metal music, a second automated message told me that “Due to high call volume, we cannot take your call at this time. Please try your call again later”. After three rounds of this I finally connected with a living breathing person around 11:00 pm.
01. Back Where We Belong
All of these products cost less than 10 dollars. And chances are you probably have similar products in your make up drawer... Personally i like this look since again because i've being very into neutral recently. Also if you are a student on a budget, or just started to put on make up, you don't need to spent a fortune on high end products...
And what’s happened so far is, apparently, less than a third** of the cuts the mathematical moron Osborne has in mind (a word I use, in his context, extremely loosely).
DCWV Whimsy 12x12 Stack
to appreciate the underlying goodness in all of us,
Think i'll try to go crawl back in bed but not sure how much sleep i'm gonna get with it booming outside!
Bake for 50-55 minutes, until the surface of the cake is firm to the touch, except the very center. (Using the Bundt, the center will be done, however, the cake may jiggle a little bit. That’s okay.)
We've got another great design team reveal over at the Cardabilities blog today, so be sure to check out what all the other DT members have created! I really love this sketch because you can do SO MANY different things with it! I opted for the CAS look, and had to use one of my new favorite PTI sets, Modern Basics. I chose a color combo I don't think I've ever used...lovin' the high contrast on this card.
Researchers in El Salvador and elsewhere in Central America have been able to confirm what locals hospital workers and the region’s rural residents themselves suspected for years: that CKD rates in the region’s coastal areas are indeed well above world averages. So far, however, studies have not been able to pinpoint a single cause for the condition.
My dad lived in denial. I can look back and see it permeating his life. The bottom line: My father could have stepped in and protected me, but he didn’t.
Based on Beauty and an Airplane, a short story by Gabriel Garcia Marque, Ratanaruang’s film tells the story of a man (Ananda Everingham) who falls in love with a woman (Khemapsom Sirisukha) he sees at the check-in counter of an airport. Most of the film takes place in the sleek blackened interior of the plane’s cabin—the camera panning between the two seats, lighting now one, now the other of the occupants. The two passengers never exchange a word, title cards occasionally allowing us to know what the man is thinking. Those familiar only with his work on Dumplings or Wong Kar-wai’s films might be surprised at cinematographer Christopher Doyle’s uncustomary restraint. Both touching and funny, it is gems like this that make the task of a critic worthwhile. Christopher Doyle doubles as both taxi driver and captain in the film. Very good picture quality. (10/10)
1. Ask a Korean! has some private connections and will always field inquiries from volunteers to match them with a school. There are also links in the comments.
You can light up my day with out even being here
France is closely linked to the world of the casino (after all…faites vos jeux…the international language in such institutions is French!), and yet once again the rules governing such establishments are incredibly complicated. Until very recently, casinos could only be situated in a station thermale (spa), generally next to the sea or beside a lake. A secondary rule dictated that they must be situated at least 10km from Paris, meaning that the only suitable site in the region of the French capital was at Enghein les Bains, 14km to the north, .
This year, for Saturnalia MMX, we're trying something new at the NABC Pizzeria & Public House (3312 Plaza Drive on New Albany's scenic North Side).
7:21: I realize that the shower still hasn't turned on, so I knock on the door to the bathroom and find Bluebird sitting on the stepping stool, crying. I ask her what is wrong and she says that she doesn't like to brush her hair in the morning. Oh goody, it's going to be one of those days, how original. We have a quick chat about being cheerful even when you don't want to do something you have to do and how she needs to get done with getting ready, like twenty minutes ago.
Planted grass and covered it in straw and watered it every night until this week when the rains came flooding down in our area..
I didn’t know what to do, so I made a quick decision. I dumped the rest of our stuff in the garbage can, and started walking towards the 7-Eleven, watching for his little red Civc the whole way. No luck. About 20 minutes later, I arrived at the convenience store, looking hopefully for Dave’s car. The parking lot was empty, except for a old Ford Stationwagon parked over by the dumpsters. I went inside and looked around. No Dave. Not a lot of places for a person to hide inside a 7-Eleven. My heart started to ache in my chest. No. Not again. Not Dave.
That's right, it is a 3-day intensive (and I mean INTENSIVE!!) workshop where we will be covering aspects of shooting/posing/lighting, workflow/editing, and business/branding. I am not joking when I say this will be a very packed 3 days - the syllabus is very full, with ALOT of information to take in, and then apply and execute, so expect your brain to be hurting a little by the end of it all :)
Thank you all, you lovely ladies you for following my humble blog! You have made my day!
Mothers Day was fairly uneventful, as B-rad is still not feeling well. B-rad rested while I took the boys to my mom's for a birthday/mothers day dinner and B-rad stayed home. It's been declared that i shall get a Mothers Day do-over.
On the first day we will show you a project with the
This bs-filled video is also available on youtube.
The Seed Cathedral is a 20-metre high building, constructed from 60,000 transparent 7.5-metre long optical strands, each of which has embedded within its tip a seed. The seeds come from Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew and their Millennium Seedbank. The interior is silent and illuminated only by the daylight that has filtered past each seed through each optical hair. This structure defies pragmatic usefulness, and honours nature. Heatherwick was also conscious to make the building playful and enjoyable to the public, and left the space around the Seed Cathedral open. He says, “a spiritual building is also a public building,”[3] signaling a respect for how the interplay between a building and people achieves intangible value and feeling when it is accessible to everyone.
What father among you would hand his son a snake
Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza.
When I first checked this book out, I had no idea that it was written by a little kid. However, I have to say that Benjamin Kendall is one awesome kid! This book had me chuckling from beginning to end. It is not outright funny, but it has this subtle type of humor that I found extremely enjoyable to read.
People are more willing to express themselves how they see fit, personally I think it’s related to the recession. Fast fashion is now deemed too expensive and trend followers are more individual, instead of copying the trend they use it as inspiration to suit their own style. A dress could be out of style within six months but I’ve seen trends last far longer now, even though I don’t follow fashion I’m glad
6" x 9.25" (open)
I need to get busy on my journal entry this week. It should be fun, it's all about sticky stuff! Tape, stickers, etc.
Not that I've ever spent all day coloring pictures or that I've ever built a lego creation.
Maybe I should stick around for a showing. I could walk around and complain about the repairs that were never made and how high the rent already is (hundreds less than the current asking price, mind you). Perhaps the potential tenants would like to hear about the hoodlums that hang out in the back alley or the drug dealer next door? Those are surely selling points for a $2400 crap hole apartment. Or maybe I should just kindly suggest that the interested renters should buy a place somewhere they can actually have a parking spot and pets, since they’re basically paying a mortgage at that price. And if that’s not enough, I can throw in a disclaimer about the drive-by shootings just outside and the aroma of deep fried chicken that fills your house from the Popeye’s down the street.
LAUREN KATE is the internationally bestselling author of The Betrayal of Natalie Hargrove and the Fallen novels: Fallen, Torment, Passion, and Rapture. Her books have been translated into more than thirty languages.
A very friendly and helpful woman served us. They didn’t have the part in stock but she ordered it and it will be there next Wednesday. Which also prompts us to say we can’t understand why the french have this reputation for being unfriendly and/ or unhelpful. Our experience has been that they are very helpful and friendly if approached in a polite and civil manner. They have quite a reserved character and good manners and a certain formality are still the norm so they don’t take kindly to you being too familiar or treating them with any disrespect.
Those who stayed behind in the Cape became known amongst the independence minded Boers as the "Cape Dutch" - symbolizing their attachment to Europe. This group loyally supported any European colonial government, and vehemently opposed all attempts by the fledgling Boer population to break ties with the colonial governments. This group stood in strong opposition to the fledgling Boer population and differed with them on all levels - starting with their approach to colonialism and extending all the way through even to language. It is not widely known for example that there are for example marked accent and pronunciation differences between the Boers and the "Cape Dutch".
It wakes me up and keeps me going throughout the day.
4 In Praise of Slogging (haiku expressing frustration about slacker students through an apple blossom metaphor)
“He is here trying to make a living.
Hello everyone! It is time for the second installment of Titanic Tuesday. To recap for those who may have missed last Tuesday's post, my husband and I are planning to host a centenary celebration of the voyage of the Titanic. Our party is going to be a week late due to a previous commitment and will be held on April 21st. In this post last Tuesday I shared the invitations that we sent out to our guests.
I thought he was toying with me.
Of life and death, of home and the past and loved, and of those that
What have we gained? To some not that much. You could probably come to this conclusion about Kuranosuke without considering whether he perceives himself male or female, but I think in the end, it’s important to realize that gender is as much part of what makes a character interesting as zir family history or favorite past times. Claiming not to “see” gender closes up aspects of your favorite characters and dulls them slightly. I hope this post helped you understand a little of why.
The truth is, I knew. I had a idea. Because reports in virtually every foreign news outlet in the world say the exact opposite of what our American news reports say regarding this hellish issue. We stand alone in our politically biased views on this issue.
I know that I have been in MIA (again) and I do apologies for that, but it’s been really crazy around here (again) and I am doing my best to keep up with this blog and bring you more materials for you guys. In the next couple of days you will be seeing a couple of “nail of the day” that I have taken photos of for you guys throw this past 4-6 weeks. In the next couple of weeks, you will be seeing those till I get back into the swing of things.
Bespoke Classic
What have I been doing lately, you ask? Well, I dogsat (which mostly consisted of watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel for three days straight), I came home and watched more Buffy, I helped mom clean my room for me (hehe ^ ^) and then I watched some more Buffy. Actually, I strapped mom to the futon and forced her to watch the first two episodes with me. Aren't I just too evil?
Besides clues, the approximate time needed for the search and type of terrain should also be listed. Read through all the clues and make sure that they are age and skill appropriate for your family.
I didn't need to worry at all as I fell in love with the place instantly. Since I arrived uncharacteristically early, I went to the beautiful, soaring two-story backlit bar to grab a cocktail while waiting for Lindyhopper to arrive. At the bartender's recommendation, I decided to try Aviation ($12) made with gin, maraschino, creme de violette and lemon juice. The citrus and lightness of the drink overall was refreshing, but I thought the alcohol was a bit heavy-handed for my taste. Though in a way that was a good thing as my brother's wife went into labor that night, and so the entire family - spread out over 3 countries - was stressing out waiting for updates from the hospital.
For the first $40 million, the developer had to prepare an itemization of "Eligible State Project Costs" of not less than $15 million payable by the Empire State Development Corporation pursuant to the State Funding Agreement.
One thing I've learned about homeschooling is that no trip is simply a trip, it is an educational experience. Or it darn well better be! Otherwise, what's the point? You don't expect me to simply have fun...or relax, do you? Stuff and nonsense.
We start to walk again
During their stay in Tanzania the Dixons passed court in Ethiopia, making Selah their daughter! We were excited to be with them for that wonderful news.
The song playing in the video is "Creation Calls" by Brian Doerksen. Video footage is from "Planet Earth" the BBC 2007 series. Branch Church www.thebranch.org is to be credited for the production of this video.
8. Cool 5 minutes then demolded when remove from oven
‘Hospital at home’ is a reality. Hospitals are over-crowded, and it makes sense to provide services in the home when possible. The hospital risk management includes the latest gadgets that may be useful, such as the 'Neopuff TM' machine shown in the picture above. With the strict policies on inclusion in the program, it’s very unlikely that the midwives will need to use the neopuff. That will come out in audits down the track.
How did Mr. Chen get into US Embassy grounds? He is a peaceful activist on behalf of the rights of the Chinese people who has been brutally treated by local officials.
Some of the commissioners believe their methods of ascertaining 'truth' and guilt are superior to those used in criminal trials and should be incorporated into our legal system-for political offenders, at least. If they had their way, they would undermine the due process for which South Africa's bill of rights provides.
- a good nights sleep! I don't want to jinx myself, but Henry and Harper slept through the night last night without waking up once! This has NEVER happened! I'm sure it's just a serendipitous occurrence, but I'll take it! Especially since I've been up at least once an hour for the past few nights.
I can tell you the exact place and moment when I first said I was going to move to San Francisco.
O’Connell M. Maternity leave arrangements: 1961-85. In: Work and family patterns of American women, June 1990. Washington, DC: United States Government Printing Office, 1991.
Please know that it is not and will never be my intention to talk badly about a brewery. MillerCoors is obviously a successful business, and it’s brought a TON of revenue to Colorado’s economy. And I’d be lying if I said I’ve never enjoyed a beer that was “as cold as the Rockies.” That said, if you can’t take it, Coors, don’t dish it.
From his debut in 1935 Tod went on to delight movie audiences for many years as he brought to life a whole host of memorable ne'er-do-wells on the big screen. His most notable movie performances of this period included; Maria Marten/Murder in the Red Barn (1935), The Greed of William Hart (1948), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (1936), The Face at the Window (1939) and Crimes at the Dark House (1940).
The British Fantasy Award shortlist for 2012 has been announced. It's the product of BFS/FantasyCon members making up to three recommendations in each category (two sets of three in best novel), the top four in each category going through, and the juries then adding up to two "egregious omissions". Here are the nominees and a few of my thoughts. I have to admit I didn't recommend much this year, not having read much contemporary fiction in 2011.
So I took pictures from the car....
This was a fascinating one. Check out the entries here. I asked each entrant to suggest a method whereby I could pick as randomly as possible. I would then choose the method I preferred and then use it to determine the winner.
Did I mention she’s smidge spoiled? And I love this Daisey Mae so much!
My heart goes out to all of my friends and family that are living in that skin. May you experience peace and strength as you live in a world that is not accepting and understanding of your reality.
The children and I had a lovely prayer time together and we really feel the Lord leading us, as a family, to aquire and care for a dog. We don't have any peace, right now, about not having a dog.
Joan McConnell Cullinan, 47, Scarsdale, N.Y.
And Tuesdays are significant as well. Especially this Tuesday. Because it proves I'm a writer, simply because I have habits established to help me lead the life of a writer.
"Raffles is the latest and gaudiest of the private clubs around Manhattan, and when I report that Cecil Beaton designed and decorated it, perhaps I have said everything. Mr. B. is the most aesthetic of men and in his photographs, drawings and stage settings, you can almost hear the flapping of Peter Pan's wings. Although, with the new club, he has check-reined his gossamer flights a bit.
I had a dyslexic dream. My house was getting broken into so I was trying to discreetly dial 911. The numbers on my phone were inverted and I kept dialing 377. It was very frustrating
“Says the guy who healed her broken ankle.”
Before you roll your eyes and tell me my liberal leanings are prejudicing me, let’s take a moment to better define the people I am talking about; top tier, nationally known, syndicated columnists, television and radio hosts, not crazy wanks and their computer. Is there a Rush on the left? Is there a left wing talking head who is nationally known by both sides? Is there a left wing talking head currently under a $400 million contract? Is there a left wing talking head with a claimed 20 million listeners? Is there a left wing talking head who Democratic political leaders are afraid to repudiate? Oh sure, every now and again you hear something inappropriate from Lynn Samuels, Ed Shultz, and more frequelty than every now and again from Bill Marr. But the top talking heads on the left, in general, do not take it to the level the top from the right does. The top tier left would not harrass and stalk 12-year-old Graeme Frost, they wouldn’t call the Secretary of State a ‘worthless bitch’, and they wouldn’t make death threats against the President of the United States. There is no Rush on the left. There is no Michael Savage on the left, and even though sometimes I think Ed Shultz is trying to be Rush Limbaugh, he’s got a lot more ignorance, prejudice, and ego to go before he can claim that title. In preparation for writing this blog entry I surfed the internet for almost 2 hours trying to find ‘outrageous comments by the left wing’, and what I found was bloggers and idiots (although sometimes one in the same), but no top tier, nationally known, syndicated people. No left wing Rush. Some, including myself, think this is a good thing because it allows the left to legitimately claim higher moral ground. Other left leaning intellectuals I have spoken with don’t entirely agree though. The Rush method is crass, dishonest, and irresponsible; but it works. It wins elections. It moves the conversation forward for the right, and furthers the various myths that a majority of America wants no choice, an ongoing war, lower pay for women, a bible in every state assembly, and to willfully fork over more of their income to the rich. People don’t believe all this on the whole, but by relentlessly continuing the conversation, they will start to believe that they are actually in the minority. And this leads to acceptance. And that’s unacceptable. It works for the right and perhaps we should get on board, but we haven’t yet and that’s the point. The right likes to claim an equivalency not because it’s real, but because it is their version of an affirmative defense of their actions. They make no apology of saying anti-war veterans are ‘phony soldiers’ but feel justified in simply saying “yeah, but your side does it too.” Sorry guys we don’t, for better or worse, and even if we did, ‘he hit me first’ is not a justification for using the power of your voice to divide us rather than encourage common ground. We don’t have a Rush. The equivalency is false.
Salt as required (dry roast the salt until warm prior to adding to the flours. Do remember to add lesser salt than required as you will be sprinkling black salt mix on top)
The devilphone recedes into the darkness. Lebonique puts up an “out of business” sign. A beautiful and fresh message lands gracefully in your inbox.
1. Costume vs. Themed: The outfits are going to be themed, so don't look for an over the top costume, however the outfits include a more costume element than my usual outfits. They have to be influenced by the theme without being unwearable as an outfit. EXCEPTION TO THIS RULE any of My Chemical Outfit posts may be as costume as I would like, although I promise they are all outfits I would wear in public.
Please understand, some things may not get taken off the list immediately when someone orders it...so if two of you order the same set before I can make updates, the first one will get it. I will email that info to you.
2) Take the R train to Sunset Park on a Sunday morning to find flexible, fresh pasilla chiles.
Anyway! We celebrated this weekend with a few of my favorite things.
Ah, so I think I'm ready to get back unto the blogging merry-go-round. It's been a wonderful break. Although there's been some lack of motivation along with that. I finally came up with a solution.
After depositing our stuff we went off to find Kinkakuji – the Gold Pavillion (a UNESCO site, said to contain relics of Buddha). It was a bit of a walk, maybe 25 minutes or so but we arrived in plenty of time to go through at a leisurely pace, behind a big school group and with LOTS of other tourists. Still very nice. It’s set in a very pretty park in a landscaped pond. It is a little guady looking when seen up close but from afar it’s very pretty. And the grounds are too.
And I followed it up with a big bowl of peanut butter brownie trifle.
Honey Lime Fruit Salad
There’s been a recent buzz about the ring shout dance that early African Americans and some contemporary descendants have done in the church. This dance, which was done in the fields and performed in front of the pulpit in churches, is being recognized as the foundation of Afro-American cultural expression. But, as always when there is no physical evidence that remains because it was destroyed through conquest, invasion, colonialism, etc. Scholars claim that the origin of our cultural practices are obscure, derived from some African dance and most likely from the interaction with some more “educated” group of people prior to slavery, usually Islamic West Africans. The same ridiculous claim was made about Ifa and the sacred writings done in the sand, but that’s another story.
￼It has been reported that El Rufai has reportedly struck a deal with the Gunners that will be worth at least £26 million – that’s more than £100,000 a week.
Yes, this is my birthday weekend. I think one day is too little time to properly celebrate...I would like to get away with a week!
Before I was an intern, I had read that something like 90% of authors disqualified themselves without us even reading their query. I felt for sure that all those previous query-reading interns must have been wrong. I was going to blaze in there and find all these fab books and spend my time happily reading future bestsellers.
Did you know that our family, The Sparkling Martin's, host an annual Radical Unschooling Conference?
1 elderly
My Friend: I was trying to have a nice relaxing lunch break in the parking lot up the street from work, all of a sudden train cars are sliding at me and I'm running away screaming like sissy. (She further explained) I was standing right next to the tracks, it WAS like something out of a movie! I had just rang my husband on the phone and when he answered the cars started derailing so all he heard was me screaming, "OHMYGOD! OHMYGOD!"
Not that I’m obsessive or pernickety (hum, don’t think I’ve ever written that word before). It’s just that I always hanker after a garret in Paris, although having gone their a week ago and been frozen to my bones it would have to be a Parisian garret where I now live, on the French Riviera.
2. Fold in choc chips
Good morning everyone and welcome to the weekend and another
Again - straight to the clearance rack. I found a few things (tops - no bottoms in store are long enough, so tops get bought in store and bottoms get bought online), and headed to the dressing room.
Request: The Office Of Fair Trading has called on banks to change their working practices and to simplify the jumble of numbers which are surely used to muddle us
Rebellious elements in the South became insanely jealous that the Northern states could find such an appealing leader, so they seceded from the Union and fired the first shots of the Civil War. Your heart would’ve broken to see Lincoln’s face when he heard the news but he decided to make the best of a bad situation and take the reins of war. Despite his lack of military experience, he was much involved in war strategy. Old-timers in Washington still tell stories they heard from their grandmothers about how cute he was, carrying his lunchbox and an armload of homework on his daily walk from the White House to the offices of the War Department.
Next. We don't have any idea where we will be going next. Adam is exploring some schooling options that would likely put us not knowing our next duty station until right before we leave. We think that Adam will be able to take some vacation during the move, which might mean we can leave as soon as early July.
When I went to Florida my friend Michelle had got some wonderful stamps with her and also taught me the way to stamp properly on paper. I loved some of her stamps so much - especially this one by Krafting Kimmy that I had to get some for myself along with Sugar Nelly stamps.
The plaintiffs' legal team hopes the court will grant the suit class-action status, enabling other plaintiffs to come forward and join the suit. The Globe offers no detail of the type or scope of the alleged harassment, but quotes a psychologist named Mike Webster, who treated some of the female plaintiffs. Webster suggests a prevailing attitude of suspicion and silence within the RCMP:
Proverbs is known as the book of wisdom. Each verse provides a nugget of knowledge for us to live a successful life. One is our challenge verse today. Proverbs 17:22 says a cheerful heart is good medicine. It really isn't rocket science is it? It has long been documented that a cheerful disposition affects one's overall health. It is easier when we feel good and life is rolling along. We get lulled into thinking that happiness comes through our life's events, a loving husband, good children, a sufficient job. We are thankful for all the good times... but what about the difficult times? How do we maintain that cheerful spirit? People search so many different avenues to achieve happiness. So many think it is only achieved by experiences. However true happiness is a soul thing and cannot be gained by any external blessings.
Throughout the novel I cheered for the leading couple to get it together and become true people who loved each other. Day doesn’t disappoint but it takes a while to get there. The struggle of finding oneself was rewarding for the reader as the outcome makes this an enjoyable romance.
I understand exactly where you are coming from. I spent the first year here trying to sell all different kinds of styles that I had been selling at craft fairs and not much sold. So I concentrated on the items people were buying and listening to their comments and feedback which put me in the right direction.
8. Hejira- Joni Mitchell
In most cases, reexamination requests filed within a year or so will generally support a stay, if the docket isn't moving particularly fast, and if the judge is not so keen on keeping the case:
Come Easter I put my serious, big girl apron on and used Yeast for the first time - tick! I made Cinnamon Buns, and it was one of the happiest kitchen experiences I can recall. I feel slightly perturbed by the fact that I have not used yeast since, as I truly adored this baking process. I do wish to become even more acquainted with yeast in the future. I'm sure we'll be great pals.
They got us into this mess, can they make right?
So, with this realization, I have officially declared this my DECADE OF PARENTING INTO ADULTHOOD.
Tonight, though, I’ve been working on Mettle. I made a lot of progress in a short time with this one (at first) because it was so much fun to write. Going back to it, I’m finding that it’s still really fun to write, and the reason is because it’s so very different from what I normally do. It’s a modern-day, gritty superhero story. I rarely do modern-day, and I rarely do gritty. Dark, but not gritty. I have a troupe of characters that are all unlike anything I’ve ever worked with. It’s like living in the country your whole life and then visiting the city for the first time. Do I want to live there? I’m not sure yet. But I sure am enjoying my stay.
there's nowhere quite like New York!
Boulevard Brewing Co
And I never said I don't want Chamille over I just don't want her over when I am not here and X rarely ever asks if she can come over cause he is always at your house. As for X doing his homework with Chamille, I just don't see much work getting done in that scenario.
1) Boil water in pot with 1 tablespoon of water. When water comes to a boil
Out of all this we can make at least one assumption, which is that what we are doing isn’t working and as Albert Einstein said insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. So the question we have to answer is this: What can we do which will demonstrate our values? What we have been trying hasn’t worked. Differentiation isn’t working.
I need so much to post and tell you everything, EVERYTHING, about the past weekend, which was gloriously filled with excess and joy, with such incredible friends...old and new, from near and far. But I am honestly not recovered yet, here, four full days later, and I'm totally crashing.
The end result was everybody looking their best to do their best (animals included).
Then Hero came back home and as it turned out, Clem and Hero became friends and passed their rehab with flying colors, too. So this couple came to meet Clem and after their visit, they said they couldn't pick just one of them, so they adopted them both...
* It is snowing here this lovely Monday morning. Yes that's right. I said it. Snowing. Blech. It isn't sticking but it is a rude awakening after the abnormal spring weather we have been experiencing. All I can think of is this.....is our siding on our house ever going to be done? It has been worked on for going on 3 weeks now...it was supposed to be 2 weeks. I guess you can't fight with mother nature. I'm really not complaining...I'm just actually more impatient. I'm excited to see what it looks like! Owen keeps telling people we have a new house. He said yesterday that he has to tell everyone he knows we have a new house. ha. I just hope the neighbors approve. Let's just say it's a bit more colorful than the muted browns, green, and grays currently in our neighborhood. It's not crazy colorful, a blue gray. Then again, why should I care what others think?? We like it.
Some of the most obvious (that is, most “severe”) and successful autistics have been and continue to be individuals regarded as autistic savants. Indeed, the “obviousness” of these individuals, the fact that their atypicalities are so obvious (which would be judged as so “severe”), has been successfully exploited in the autism literature as a means of investigating the fundamental atypicalities which make autistics autistic.
Still, I enjoyed trying out the different pairs. They felt different. I wasn't sure if I liked them or not. I told myself that I probably just needed to break them in. We talked as I tried on different pairs, jumping up and down, walking down the aisle and back. I told my friend that it was very nice of her to take the kids out to the garage sales and buy stuff for them while their mom was at work. My friend told me it was the least she could do, seeing as how things were a little tight with the mom and her kids.
Giveaway open to anyone on the planet for 24 hours only, until midnight UK time today. Simply go to the Smashwords page for Moon In Leo, select the e-book format of your choice (Kindle, Epub, etc), and enter the free coupon code posted by Connie Jensen on the Trifolium Books blog to download the e-book for free. Instructions, link and coupon code are now up on the Trifolium Books blog here.
Lighting accounts for 7% to 12% of total electricity costs in most UK homes. This may seem a small amount, but big savings can be made with a few simple changes.
What powerful words, and what strength Laura Munson had. She writes in her essay that some people might think she was a pushover or that she was weak. I say that she is one of the strongest women I know. To have that kind of power to withstand those words. To stand there in the face of an impending crisis, to look her husband in the eye and tell him that she wasn’t buying it, that she would give him “responsible distance” to figure out whatever was happening in his life, that is a brave woman. To her credit, Laura wasn’t going to give him years to make his mind up – she did put a time limit on how long she would put up with his behavior.
I will say each of the theaters you named above have been extremely supportive when it comes to my childcare needs. But with the exception of sometimes having to say "I flat out can't afford/need more funds if you need me there because of the plane fare/childcare for two kids on the road" I make a concerted effort not to expect a theater to act as my nanny service. Often a theater will offer a list of names of sitters other artists have used, but other than that I don't usually ask for recommendations. I think the internet has probably made this easier for me. I can arrange for supplies (diapers, food, toiletries) to be sent ahead and can also hire my own sitters before I reach a city. I can't imagine what it would have been like if this were a hundred years ago. But then I think you could keep your kid in a drawer for at least an hour or two back then.
With apologies to the late, great Western writer, Elmer Kelton, for using the title from his novel for this post: The Time It Never Rained. But I think Elmer would agree, it’s that time again.
Exploiters & slavers
Here at the Rubies Place, we are getting ready for some cold months ahead. One of our favourite things to do with the girls is to collect twigs off the ground, during our walks around our town (and there is never a shortage of twigs, as our town is filled with gorgeous trees).
How do we begin? First, take a serious look at your spiritual health. You may use the free "Discipleship Evaluation" download. This tool covers 17 different key discipleship areas. Your weakest areas can be great growth areas. Next, set spiritual growth goals using the five tips above. Planning is not unspiritual. Living a life that glorifies God will not happen by accident. Write down some concrete goals at the bottom of the Discipleship Evaluation form for your new year.
HIM: That’s a bad pod then if there’s only two peas in it. Where are all the other peas?
(c’) One should not hurt someone to no purpose.
Tonight we go for our tour of the new hospital where we'll have this baby... which makes everything even more real! Our doctors are now delivering at a brand new hospital in Mt. Pleasant, instead of the nice new one where we had Alli... so we need to get a feel of where L&D is, where the postpartum unit is, cafeteria for Dad-E, etc. Who knows, it could only be 3 weeks or so until this little one decides they want to join our nutty family! But, I don't know, if they can hear their crazy sister, crazy dog, and crazy parents, they may just want to stay put inside where it's safe for now. All I know is I can't wait to hold an infant again!!
Verse 20 says, “They went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following.” God will confirm His Word, but first it has to be spoken forth. That is where you and I come in. God does not preach; He has given us the authority to do the preaching. God will not lay hands on the sick. He will bring the healing, but you and I as believers must lay hands on the sick by faith, believing God will perform His Word.
Currently I am working with the 6th-grade students in a 5th/6th combo class. There are 11 of them, and we have been meeting for about 40 minutes per lesson — today was Day 4 of our mini-writing unit. I am asking them to write the time-honored five-paragraph essay. In today’s teaching universe it is more correct to say “multi-paragraph” essay because obviously not every idea can be argued in only three little body paragraphs, and on the flip side, students don’t need to be forced into saying more than is necessary to get the point across. I imagine five paragraphs has held for so long because of the magical wonder of things that come in threes, so intro+body+body+body+conclusion makes sense.
and it showed… although not the Top 3 I wouldve expected, these 3 definitely rose to the ocassion and put on a great show. It’s truly amazing the tranformation from week 1 to the finals dances… it really validates the process.
With friendly staff and an excellent setting, the likes of Amber Lounge and Knutsford Wine Bar better be looking over their shoulders. I know I’ll definitely be back, that Mitch Martini needs sampling!
(There was Pin-Drop Silence in the Lecture Theatre )
I work out.
I flipped the pancake over, and as it cooked through,
As predicted, I arrived home to Bristol and my Mum was full of ideas about me getting my haircut. Well, the idea went like this "why don't I see if I can book you in for a re-style on thursday?" and all of the vague haircut orientated thoughts I'd had recently forced me to accept. only now, the night before I'm filled with a sense of dread imagining those scissors. What is it about haircuts, eh? I like to think that I'm a pretty rational person and don't get silly about something as trivial as a haircut but well, they can just be a little upsetting can't they? Of course I can equally swing the other way and often end up thinking after the deed has been done 'That wasn't bad. That wasn't bad at all. In fact I love it so much I'll spend the rest of the day looking at my reflection.' Only the fact that I haven't had anyone else touch my hair for over a year (I've been cutting it and dying it myself in some kind of tiny act of rebellion) means that the thought of handing all responsibility over to someone else makes me twitch a little. And this twitching is also because I'm having a restyle, namely a fringe put in and though I think it's time to try something new, the last time I had a fringe I spent the entire time trying to guard it from being ravaged by the wind and rain.
“Mommy, I’m hungry!”
Subway. McDonalds. Starbucks. Pizza Hut. Burger King. Dunkin’ Donuts. Wendy’s. Taco Bell. KFC. Domino’s Pizza.
Lime wedges
Kitty, I’ve really enjoyed your questions, and thank you for having me!
is my first EVER skein of 100% CASHMERE :-)
Hand in hand with the fact that the Gospel is always transmitted by a culture is the fact that the Gospel is always expressed in a culture. Whenever humans respond to God or respond to the Gospel we do so in ways that make sense to us. A Spanish-speaking Christian does not pray to God in English or Swahili. A culture that has a robust value on embodied expression of emotion in dancing and singing does not naturally worship God, expressing emotions such as gratitude and happiness, by standing complete still and reading in unison from a hymnal. The specific practices, theology and daily life of any given Christian community will be the Gospel as understood and expressed by that culture. What we actually see, think and do as Christians is not the Gospel per se but the Gospel but the ways our specific culture has seen fit to express the Gospel to the world and embody that Gospel as people and individuals.
Tomorrow is a Renegade run and since this morning didn’t end up as I had hoped, I am definitely planning to do the 10 mile 3 minute run/1 minute walk training run in the am. I also want to run in my new shoes since today I wore my trail shoes, plus, I am curious to see what will happen with the throat issue.
1. those of the "land and bush"; and
Click photo for larger picture.
Each carrying their own load gracefully, often without grumble, and always with love.
I've kept quiet on the attempted assassination of Gabrielle Giffords, an act of terrorism that claimed innocents lives. I don't quite have the heart to unpick it all and to mourn yet another downward step in America's spiralling malaise, to imagine the predictable but no less vile response if the murderer had been a Muslim, or black (or God forbid, both...I can smell the salivating from here); where mental health issues, drug addiction and dysfunctional background would not have mattered one jot in the FAUX NEWS driven witch-hunt.
What kind of home I wonder? A care home? A mental home? Anyway, I digress...
Food and Beer Pairing of the Year: Cheese, generally
Below are the items I used.
Beverley Naidoo's, Out of Bounds: Seven Stories of Conflict and Hope round out a decent reading list.
One provision of the bill would expand programs and research for the benefit of U.S. vets and establish medical centers “designed to address the medical needs of descendants of the veterans of the Vietnam era.” This creates a presumption that certain birth defects that children and grandchildren of exposed victims suffer would be considered the result of contact with Agent Orange.
"You're done, dude."
I tapped it yesterday and it was the first pint pulled through my new, twin beer engine.
or trying a line between compulsion
I told Gracie a few weeks ago that summer was almost over, and she replied, "But we haven't done anything yet!" It really made me think. We have done a lot of things this summer; we had tons of visitors to the house, we've been swimming to the point that no one wants to go swimming any more, but we haven't actually left the house to GO anywhere.
“To take our cutting-edge role one step further, we have recently teamed up with our long-time partner, Blissett Bookbinders. Established in 1920, this third generation family-owned firm is the third largest specialist library bookbinding, restoration and conservation company in the United Kingdom, renowned for high quality hardback bindings.
Dullness of surroundings translates to dullness of the spirit, and the Seed Cathedral is an triumph of enlivening the nature, and material of architectural forms. It is possible that separation from or a tendency to exert dominance over nature alienates the human capacity to honour and nature it. Deleuzean ideas relating to the concept of the Fold is significant because it encourages designers and spectators to consider architecture as biological blocs of sensation. As Heatherwick’s approach to architecture grants the public with a lively spectacular structure, such is the result of thinking of architecture through other priorities. With such concepts in mind, relations between geography, buildings and the audience are calibrated, and could invariably influence possible designs. The Seed Cathedral, whether or not directly tied into Deleuzean ideas at the time of conception, reveals this favoring of conceptual architecture.
Answer: Life sucks, job sucks and the wife doesn’t.
On the internet Gambling establishment Release is among the clearest along with reputable websites and you'll discover probably the most suggested on line casinos on internet with newest provides and ideal special offers. It's the very best online casino manual that features trustworthy, controlled, safe and sound as well as licensed gambling establishments.
Lightbulb moments have been prevalent in this house today for, not only have we been watching Despicable Me... where the master villain utters utters this phrase repeatedly - but I had one myself. Clearly, watching kids' films is great for the Muse.
Brian "Head" Welch came to our church and talked about how he met Christ. I loved his testimony, which you can read at I am Second. He "test drove the world," and he had everything that the world could offer: fame, money, women, success, etc. But a "dark cloud" hovered over his life, and he lived in misery. He thought he was a "loser," he was addicted to drugs and he couldn't care for his little girl.
“She gathered herself together. No one could describe the scorn of her expression or the contemptuous hatred she put into her answer.
Dr. Robinson was uncertain of what to say. There was a pause, and I continued. “I’m sure that few parents have met with you who didn’t try to influence the school’s decision. But we want to do what is right for Christopher.” I took a deep breath. “Actually, it’s not important that Christopher becomes a dentist. What’s important is that Christopher becomes a Christ follower. Leon and I have flown down to Louisville to tell you”–I looked over at Leon– “that we will support whatever decision you make. I only pray that my son will turn to God.” – Pg. 75, Angela “Let Go, Let God.”
The historical accuracy of the Bible was put to the test several years ago when Canadian film producer Simcha Jacobovici did a documentary called the The Quest for the Lost Tribes of Israel. In 720 B.C. The Jewish kingdom of Israel, Which consisted of ten tribes, was wiped out by the Assyrians and the people scattered among the nations of the Assyrian Empire where they just vanished into history.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees. If you want your nuts toasted, lay them on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until you can smell them in your kitchen, 5-7 minutes. Remove, cool and chop.
There is a man who lives in town whom I call Uncle Bill.
As if a sock monkey is ever lacking in personality.
Blogroll
2. Prayer – Praying in the Holy Spirit
2 going
Saturday, Dec 10, 2011 at the Pita Jungle in Pasadena
I grew up in a family of 3 girls, so I know how fun that is.
I’m so glad the nice lady helped me, as we wouldn’t have found the place without her.
Keep the kadai in the stove. In three tablespoons of gingelly oil season the gravy with a teaspoon of fenugreek and fennel seed each. Add curry leaf also. Now add garlic pods.Wait for it to turn color. Now add onions and then tomatoes and parangikkai pieces. Once they are sauteed add milagai thool, coriander powder and turmeric powder keeping the flame low. Add the tamarind and salt dissolved in three cups of water. Close the kadai. Let the gravy cook in slow fire for 15 minutes. Once you see oil on sides of the gravy add the jiggerry. Increase the flame. Cook for 5 more minutes and switch off the stove. Serve after 2 to 3 hours for great taste.
Brand New Power Acoustik PADVD-360 In-Dash Sloat Load DVD/DVD-R/MP3/MP4/ Divx/CD/CDR/CDRW Player With Built in SD Card Reader, USB Input and Remote Control
i think she whispers this to me when i sleep…
through pain and sorrow
Another note – especially if you’re storing ‘cuter’ things, you don’t have to use the plain, possibly ripped up brown ones you see most the time. There’s always coloured ones like the one above, or if you’re really up for it, get the paints (or aerosols!) out, or cover it with thin fabric.
I’ve debated whether or not to even start a new beer notebook. Frankly it’s a bit of an obstruction to actually enjoying the beer: the sniffing, the sipping, and the rabid jotting of notes. The Brits seem to have a term for folk who do this; they’re called “tickers,” and I’d liken them to those really ate up bird watchers who let their lives go to hell while they’re out looking for yet another bird to add to their life list. I don’t want to become a ticker, but I think I have.
“Jenn, he’s only ten! Why didn’t you tell me you were getting that for him?”
From initial research, I compiled a list of reasons to justify purchasing a brand new juicer (a tough sell in a very tiny kitchen, where real estate is at a premium):
Wendy & Tony will be dancing a Foxtrot
"What's happening? I need to get out of here," she screamed as she struggled. "C'mon feet, MOVE!"
He calls himself “the apostle.” An apostle is literally, “a sent one”. It was God, the Holy Spirit, who separated him in the first place back in Acts 13:2. “As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.” In a later trip to Jerusalem God again spoke to the apostle and said, “Depart”.
Red war yet redder. Mad as hatters
Hey there Ellen Oh’s blog readers! You may or may not have read my post for DEAR TEEN ME, where I first said what I’m basically gonna say here – I, uh, don’t get too worked up about what I could have done differently in the past, just because it’s done, ya know? And when we’re talking about my nascent career as a writer, well geez, I like how things are going these days. I’m working with the best people, having fun, meeting other writers, feeling as confident of my creative abilities as I ever have...my career feels like it’s off to a pretty good start.
John bought an 80 acre farm in North California where he grows grapes, makes wine, raises pigs and chickens. He also raised his son in this smog free, insecticide free, chemical free environment. He has continued with his music and is planning to produce a tape by this summer’s end. John informed me that he is very busy putting together a compilation CD of some of his home recordings of his original songs. He said that he would send me a copy when he gets it completed. I am looking forward to this music.
Or at least it has been my way, historically, for a particular facet of gardening that I have just refused to pay attention to with my fullest attentions so that I could learn something before moving on.
TY: Do you belong to any writing groups?
Click here to read more about Piet Hein in this great interview via dwell that highlights his background, education, inspiration and process.
Le Petit Prince Farmhouse Table Beer (Draught)
Everything was still and quiet and sooooo beautiful! There is pretty much nothing in Gudvangen except for the small ferry that comes a few times a day. The captain told me there wasn't much on board as far as food goes so we walked a short way to the gas station and loaded up on hotdogs, chips and chocolate! Arriving back in time to board the boat we grabbed a table and settled in for the ride.
Guess so.
Today was a good start to the 2012 New Mexico Historical Society Conference. The forum was excellent. This image is from a page of the 2008 Lopez book. It is on display and it is beautiful (gold leaf and all).
- The black, sleeveless, moth eaten, shapeless dress: stitching up of the holes and a retro belt transformed it.
However, if you absolutely must take her out with you to brunch, then a well covered stroller is a necessity. Check up on her frequently to see how she’s doing, and remember to keep her hydrated with lots of liquids.
Joe: Our previous motorhome was 32 feet long. We found that most major national, state and county campgrounds could readily accommodate RVs up to 32 feet. Obviously, the higher into the mountains or the deeper into the forest, the fewer campgrounds and campsites we could fit into.
When you understand the magic of physiology and the fun of biology, you’ll know what actions to take—and why you’re taking them—to reboot your body back to where it wants to be. Just as when you’re trying to help a tantruming toddler or kick-start a frozen computer, you can’t fix it unless you know what’s wrong. Know the why, and it’s much easier to handle the how—when you need to. Let’s face it, we’re not going to be sitting next to you at 10:30 p.m. when you’re pilfering a Pop-Tart. So you need to be equipped with knowledge of how your body works and reacts to that Pop-Tart so that you can defend against the little sugar-coated bugger.
Bottom line - you need a platform. And your platform cannot be your book! Businesses and organizations are not going to pay you to come in and pitch your book for an hour.
Dr Zhivago is a big book, physically and in terms of its themes, multi-stranded storylines and historical backdrop. It is a character-driven novel whose subjects live intense, interweaving lives set against the great sweep of early 20th century Russian events.
Kwame Nkrumah, the first president and prime minister of Ghana, and a leader of the Pan-African movement, described the features of what he called neocolonialism: “The essence of neocolonialism is that the State which is subject to it is, in theory, independent and has all the outward trappings of international sovereignty. In reality its economic system and thus its political policy is directed from outside.”
2. You must be 18 or over.
Don’t get me wrong here, of course having a flatscreen T.V. will come in handy when watching the next big game, a great car will provide for smooth riding, and your dream-house will be of great comfort, but these aren’t the things that make life great and what shape the future. Making a differece in the community, going out and helping others, impacting generations to come, bringing joy and happiness to everyone around you; those will be the things that people remember you for.
Minutes passed with more fighters arriving on the scene. All of us on the ground watched missiles and cannons flash with the unknown craft taking more and more hits. A line was apparently crossed when it began firing back in some way, huge explosions followed with American fighters falling from the sky in flaming pieces. Just when the unknown craft looked like it might shoot down all the jets a huge roar began that caused everyone to finally take some sort of cover.
On the ride home, that's when it hit me, I was drunk.
To make the haunted house into a shaped card, I combined two of the houses together along with a small rectangle using the Union function in SCAL (anyone interested in a tutorial?) To give the haunted house some creepy texture, I used some fabric I had on hand. You can't tell from the picture, but it has some glitter in it. I like how the fabric softens the clean lines and makes it spookier.
At any rate, somewhere along the line I started wondering why we're so drawn to things that frighten us, and what would happen if the things that frighten us were actually drawn to US in return? That's where I got the idea for the character of Nicki Styx, a young Southern woman with a decidedly Gothic bent, who after suffering heart failure and surviving a near-death experience, comes back from the other side with the ability to see and hear spirits. Nicki is young, she's sassy, she's hip, and she thought she had the world all figured out, until she regained consciousness. :-) Now everything's changed, and the carefree lifestyle she once enjoyed now includes the hunky doctor who saved her life, regular visits from the restless dead, and oh, yeah... Satan himself, a/k/a Sammy Divine, who's hotter than Hell and lives there, too.
“Did I…really kill someone?” I choked. It proved harder to say than I anticipated. Daniel looked down into his lap, and lifting his head slightly up he nodded a difficult yes. Fear struck, the only thing I did was put my hand over my mouth in disbelief. With weak knees, and a heavy pain in my chest I collapsed into the chair. There was no way this was real.
“An Architect’s blood. The vision of the world, remember?”
I love crunch bars and my darling knows that but besides that he knows my odd love of non-uniformly shaped chocolate pieces. I even eat kit kat bars by biting into them instead of breaking the sticks apart. If any of you have ever had a chocolate orange? My favorite part is the core. So pretty much these oddly shaped blocks of chocolate covered in crispy rice are my dream come true. These are making my mouth water and I may have to go out and buy some crunch bars and forget my diet today. One reviewer of these said they were better than crunch bars even! YUM!
So I zoomed over to her blog and low and behold there were joys galore. If you like my egss then you will love hers too. She has got further than me and finished 15 already.
~ William Faulkner
1/2 tsp gluten-free baking powder
Christmas party with Zac's family.
Me: More like a Mountain Man.
This link, refersmto a discussion amongst teachers in India, who are also very concerned all about the matter of schools killing creativity. In which, they also express their own opinions, and points-of-view, on the subject/matter, at current, hand.
It’s all those stupid thoughts again!
* Parents with more than one daughter may enter each daughter.
Image Credit: Robert and Shana ParkeHarrison
He tells me how much he liked my piece. He asks for my phone number and a copy of the essay and I give him both on the spot.
During high school I went to school, danced, did gymnastics, baby sat and worked at the mall. After high school I went to college, taught at a dance studio, danced for Phunk Phenomenon, performed all over New England, and worked as a dancer at bar/bat mitzvahs. After college, I began working at Wealth Management Group (WMG) and continued to teach dance. I also bartended and still did mitvahs. From 2005-2008 I cheered for the New England Patriots while still working at WMG and teaching dance and fitness classes around New England.
He pulled out a round small box and opened it.
ISBN :978-0-441-01871-0
So I don’t know what to expect in the morning…the best I think I can hope for is to have maintained my weight…
Support new authors and buy this book! You can check out the reviews for Robin's book at Good Reads: http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9644570-if-you-can-t-stand-the-heat
Later we learn that Ed intended to marry the love of his life twenty years ago but he kept letting other things get in the way until it was to late. Vinnie, a 50 something female boarder tells Ed that the past cannot be recovered and he should let it go. She leaves Ed’s room and returns to her own. Ed turns on the radio once again and magically Ed transforms into a much younger man, twenty years younger. Vinnie runs into Ed’s room young again as well. The radio offers Ed another chance to relive his life and finally get things right this time around.
Note the last paragraph in this story:
In other words, it's the Sad American Scholastic System once again talking out of both sides of its mouth. I hope that, some day, it decides what it wants to be when it grows up and acts accordingly. And if the people responsible for running this system into the ground were themselves the recipients of a liberal arts education, then perhaps a new, practical, application-based set of standards is in order. There are a lot of dedicated and excellent people working in this sytem and on these problems; I just hope they can stick with it long enough to make some progress.
2010.08.21 Dagestan Kizlyar 1 3 Children are among the casualties when Jihadis attempt to blow up a passing car.
Two of my favorite ice cream flavors are coffee, and cookies and cream (followed by pistachio), so it only makes sense that my favorite ice cream to make is coffee oreo. I've made this ice cream countless times - for house guests, parties, ice cream cakes ... and pretty much everyone loves the combination.
I'm got my hair done yesterday!
We are running for a good cause. I wrote before about our neighbor Gabby who is battling cancer... well, there is a 5K run for her benefit in October. So what better reason to get my batootie in gear and start getting some exercise? And Chad has been very supportive, encouraging me to get out there and run.
Here's my Post # 29, Copied and Pasted.
Bell's Brewery
Rooftop videos I like:
I loved this book! I've been recommending it to everyone I know. It was so much fun and by far the most entertaining novel I've read this year. Ready Player One by Ernest Cline was such a refreshing roller coaster ride.
Teaser trailer featuring Flat Eric and William Fichtner playing a friendly game of (slightly distracted) chess.
See you Thursday Feb 2nd @ 7:00pm
So after ONE three-quarter hour session I walked out feeling light as air. I am now able to put on my own shoes and I even ran up the stairs. God bless chiropractors! And why in the name of all that's holy can't they be on the NHS? This was one session and I feel so much relief I can't tell you. By the time I've finished the treatment I'll be poorer, sure, but I won't have missed any work, I won't have needed the kind of strong painkillers my GP would have put me on and I'll have cured the cause of the problem. Had I let this go on I have no doubt that I would've ended up with a slipped disc or something, thereby costing the National Health System (NHS) and my employers a lot more. But the medical profession continues to view alternative therapies, such as this, as quackery which is why thousands of people who could be helped, but who haven't go the means to seek private therapy, languish at home in chronic pain. I'm sure that this costs the National Health System more in the end.
The project, originally known as Hyde Park Court, was announced in August 1887 but was delayed by endless planning disagreements, the most notable dispute being the proposed height of the development, which was to be the tallest building in London. Outraged residents feared a shadow would be cast over the Serpentine lake in Hyde Park and they threatened to force the builders to reduce the number of floors by putting up a wooden barrier which would block the light to the lower floors. An unsuccessful Bill was brought before Parliament to reduce the restriction of buildings from 100 feet to 60 feet, and so the original design of the hotel remained.
I'll never feel neglected.
'Going out' in those days was not what it might entail now. Not at that age anyway unless you wanted a shotgun wedding. The odd snog and hand hold was about the size of it. Oh such innocent times. Cathy Hargreaves' dad still pronounced pizza as 'pitza'. The past is another country.
better to know then it is not too
the distances from the below the chin to the nose and the eyebrows and the hairline are equal to the ears and to one-third of the face
What Conrad wants is for everyone to stop treating him with kid gloves. He’d also like some sort of connection with his mother, which seems impossible. It is Calvin who coddles him the most, but this is because he feels a sense of guilt as well. Beth here is the most interesting character in the film, though, because of how the events from the backstory have shattered her world. The death of her older son wounds her, of course, but it is Conrad’s attempted suicide that destroys her. Beth is someone who needs that illusion of perfection at all times. She must appear to be in control and have every t crossed. The death of her son can be handled because no one had any control over it. But Conrad’s suicide was intentional, and it is something she takes personally.
Revolutions are invariably complex and lengthy processes. In the case of Iran, with which there are some striking similarities, protests which began in 1976 only took their full effect three years later with the fall of the Pahlavi regime. There were numerous episodes of advance and retreat of the students’ movement, the petty bourgeoisie of the bazaar, the clerical establishment, the national minorities and the peasantry, before sustained mass strikes expelled the shah. These struggles threw up a host of forms of social organisation including local committees and workplace groups, some taking on a proto-Soviet character before they were dispersed by the Ayatollah Khomeini’s offensive. There will be similar episodes in Egypt, as a movement initially animated by democratic demands addresses the possibility of further radical change—a generalisation of struggle that addresses the inequalities of the Mubarak era, the ownership of societal resources including industry and the land, and the problem of power wielded by the state itself. The entry of the workers gives cause to believe that the Egyptian Revolution is indeed “growing over” into a movement for wider and historic change—that a process of permanent revolution with global implications is under way.Yes indeed. This disaster, will have "global implications".
5.) The McKenzie Study Center - I’ve been following these good folks for a long time now. Their content is always good and they’ve done a great job keeping their site sharp and user-friendly. The only thing on my wish list for them is to do more with social media.
SH: We need to put some of that bread in the freezer.
So the workshop was a 2 hour intensive, and we learned a choreography to The 8th Gate by Isaam Houshan- just the first 3 minutes 20 however. I was surpised at how few people attended the workshop actually, but I think the only method of advertising had been via Facebook. While that's a great way to get people my age involved, a lot of bellydancers are older and might not surf the web as much.
After it finished I felt to high on the good times I’d had to be able to do much of anything but I managed to get some chores done.
The group of individuals that I am referring to are the Family Medicine doctors that I worked with over the past month. I primarily worked with two physicians Dr. Ryan and Dr. Epperson. Both of them help to remind me of the humanity of medicine and the joy of providing care to patients of all shapes and sizes. Working with Dr. Ryan I got a chance to work with pediatric patients a couple days a week in an underserved area of town. As usual, every time I work in one of these clinic settings I am reminded of just how fundamental primary care is in helping people and how necessary it is to have a patient advocate to help guide them through the complex medical system. Dr. Epperson gave me a very different perspective as he had previously worked in a rural clinic and provided care from first responder to hospital to outpatient follow up. He helped me to appreciate the usefulness of a detailed history and a good exam, helping me to pick up subtle key findings to guide in the diagnostic process.
this beautiful world over and over, in the world of my mind.
This is partisan electioneering at its worst. The UK has slipped into a double dip recession. People are feeling the pinch of a hostile jobs market and soaring inflation. How can the Liberal Democrats justify spending Parliamentary time and public money on such a reform (which may require a referendum, although Clegg doesn’t want one in case he loses again) which the public does not care about? Is this the responsible politics of austerity Britain or is it the wranglings of an opportunist?
1. On a lightly floured work surface, roll dough into a 16-inch round. With a dry pastry brush, sweep off any excess flour; fit dough into a 2-inch deep-dish tart pan with a removable bottom, gently pressing it into the sides. Using a sharp knife, trim the dough evenly with the edge of the pan. Cover with plastic wrap; chill tart shell until firm, about 20 minutes.
When I got to the park he showed me some knives. Just to show me and we chit chatted a bit. Then we walked over to an area less populated. The place was packed. Yesterday was mostly him showing me some basic moves, talking to me and I think him getting an idea of where I am at, which is about zero.
For myself, the last few weeks have been a challenge. Overhauling the main bathroom in the house has been a late winter project. It's been quite a workout climing up and down ladders, etc.; however the results have been worth it.
I felt a little panicked, worried that I still had the shoulders in and had a shoulder dystocia. I guess I was just expecting to have the baby pulled out the rest of the way, the way we do in the OB-world. But they were just waiting for another push from me. So I did, and then he was here.
There are three main mobile app architectural approaches: Native, Web, and Hybrid. Each of these approaches has pros and cons and developers should take all of these into consideration before making a determination on the best architecture to use:
Deb♥
I have been under the weather the last 2 weeks with pneumonia and am just now getting back into doing any crafting. I will be adding some cards in the next few days that I've done for our Club Scrap PSL challenge
Let's set the stage...
This is an anthropological experiment to prove that the bronze age people were socially active and able to tweet from their vestibule.
Sigh. I guess this is another instance of me assuming I would be one type of parent, and my true nature peeking out to call me a liar. Does this ever end? Will I be eating my words until the day I die? So many questions, but then again, I suppose that’s sort of the point of it all isn’t it? Finding answers…
I think I was saying something like "in time old tradition, and after the proverbial missing horse and its stable door now being secured, I thought it was best that I tell my fellow bloggers/readers/followers (those who have wondered in thinking it was something else) all aboutthe release of Funky Hand's latest Papercraft Factory CD, "Happy Happy Birthday". This is now the fourth CD in the PF series, further updating the previous ones with even more digis, sentiments and templates.
“One of my friends thought he saw a woman with them but I didn’t. I was too focused on the girl.”
So yeah, the older and wiser me does not experiment much anymore. In the rare event that I go to a doctor and he prescribes something new, I won't take it until I'm at home and don't have anything important to do, and even then only under controlled circumstances.
The beads are cut and then put on the thin cables, one bead for each light. The result is a "double" light garland that is either lit up by the LED lights or glows in the dark (as long as the bead "charge" lasts). I couldn't get any pics of what it looks like in the dark so I made this illustration based on one of the photos:
This may not mean a whole lot to you, however if you read this article, you will find that it is harder to find a job later on in life if you don’t have a high school diploma! This gentleman describes having a small family and trying to find a job in a market that is now starting to ask for a high school diploma, isn’t easy. Although he admits to making this huge mistake, he also tells us about how great it feels to know that you can do something about it and how much respect you earn in return for some hard work!
Overall, the Authorpalooza was a positive experience. There's nothing like meeting people you've chatted with and "met" through your books! That was really outstanding.
Please spread the word about this incredible opportunity to make a difference in the lives of the Native American community, while earning an income, too!
8. All the snake milking scenes (of which there was a certain sideshow quality to as well) were apparently real. That, and I got to use the words 'snake milking' in a sentence and attest to their reality.
I do wish we’d been able to spend a little more time there, but hopefully we’ll have another chance to visit it sometime. Altogether it was a great excursion, despite being short – and thankfully for us it was indeed a “molen welgelegen” – since we would not have been able to visit if it had been further away.
naśyatsu na vinaśyati
Remember you have two weeks to enter, you can flip the sketch and add extra flowers, but we must be able to recognise our sketch, and don't forget to tell us what old or new stash you have used,
And in general: I'd just like to resolve to be as happy and healthy, physically and mentally, as possible. Get out more and have fun. Don't let relatively minor personal challenges bring me down; try to take those frustrations in stride, and don't react like it's the end of the world. Above all, try to keep a sane perspective on things. Because, really, things are going pretty well for me, if I step back and consider the details of my existence right now. People are far worse off than I am. I should be grateful. I still reserve the right to complain about certain things not going my way, but as long as I always maintain that sense of perspective, I should be thankful.
Guarding my eyes.
And in any case, what did such ancient history matter when he was also
That leads to a semi-sad moment where Kermit goes through his rolodex looking for that needed celebrity, but he’s so out of touch with the current landscape that he calls celebrities like President Carter and Molly Ringwald. When Kermit decides to give up for what seems like the 800th time, Piggy organizes a kidnapping of Jack Black. Jack was Animal’s sponsor for anger management (no one is allowed to say the d-word – drums – around Animal or he goes off) but he’s an unwilling participant in the telethon. He gets a good amount of laughs as the captive, tied-to-a-chair host during the show, insisting to the audience that he and Fozzie “are not a duo” as their laughter grows with each Fozzie bomb and Jack response.
Very little aroma, a little sweet citrus if anything. Good body, plenty of bitterness, clean and dry in the mouth, and extremely drinkable.
I am not usually a stooopid person, but it has taken me several day to work out why I have not been able to log into my blog.. one little tick on one little box, made all the difference. Shame it took so long to wade through all the Google app info to find it.
* Your entry must be new (do not link back to creations that have been posted elsewhere or entered into challenges prior to this date).
According to sworn statements, Mdluli had given orders that both his current wife and former wife be appointed as colonels.
My second question is, why only guys go to heaven with virgins? What happened to good patriotic God-loving Muslim ladies? What will happen to them after death? Do they get to go to heaven with long and strong seventy-two men?
I love you babii
Where was I? Oh, far from my usual haunts, with every day a thing of strangeness and wonder. Of which more later.
THE “NEOCONS” ARE THE LEADERS OF THE CABAL
The olive tree is known for being extremely prolific, and at the base of nearly every olive tree are ten or more new shoots springing from the roots. Olive groves grow easily, and trees can thrive and be healthy for hundreds of years. Psalms 128:3 “Your wife shall be like a fruitful vine in the very heart of your house; your children like olive plants all around your table.”
They're reaching people who might not have known about me, and thanks to bloggers linking up and spreading love, more people are finding out about this site than ever before.
Senseless and Lazy.
Last year . . . . when he was wrongfully imprisoned . . . . I thought I’d lost him for good. Terrified he would find a way to end it all behind bars – I wrote him every day. He reached out to me – to my heart – and clung to me with everything he had left.
Early Bird Registration (by August 14) is only $39.
254. Diligent sons. They make being a homeschooling mom such a joy.
What happens is we have music playing.
In Somalia the American soldiers lost their minds, because they were expecting to fight a fair fight, but they were confronted by 8, 10 and 12 year old uneducated black African children bearing AK47's and the American soldiers could not bring themselves to shooting armed "children", because it was against their morals, their values and their upbringing, it was against their very nature.
There was some discussion on Pastor Terry and his remarks on Muslims and the amount of media coverage he’s gotten as a result of him wanting to burn Korans. THe media can play a major factor in the way in which people thing about certain situations.
She hasn't done a ton of under-saddle work, so I was very suspicious when she basically did everything I asked her to...no running around like a frantic fool, no bucking, no fear, no flinching. Last night, Cookie was suspiciously perfect. Experience has taught me that with horses, this is usually how the learning process works:
I swam after him, but soon forgot what I was doing for the sheer joy of just getting to swim. There were creatures on the river floor that enchanted me. Lobsters that were sword fighting with their claws and the plastic swords that come in fancy drinks. There was a fish that kept trying to convince a rock that they should go on at least one date to see if they’re compatible.
An ad-supported version of the app is available for free. Inexpensive ad-free versions are also available for download.
I am glad to say I'm going to finally brew that little saison after all these years. I've been doing a lot of reading on the style and traditional brewing methods and I think I have a pretty good plan of attack. My goal is to essentially brew two or three variants of saisons, one a low gravity (1.038-40ish) brew that I'll ferment normally and drink relatively young. The other two, will be a split batch (a bit larger at 1.055-60?) and will receive some sort of bugs for long aging and will hopefully result in some funky complexity. Now comes the hard part... actually doing it.
My mother and I have dramatically different music tastes. When I was a young girl, I’d listen to her record collection from the 60s and 70s while she bought the latest Top 40 CDs. As she bounced around the house singing songs from Will Smith's "Gettin' Jiggy With It" or Right Said Fred's "I Have No Idea What the Album is Called Nor Do I Care—two albums she still proudly listens to—I was mimicking David Byrne's dance moves in front of the TV while watching the newly discovered 15th anniversary release of Talking Heads' "Stop Making Sense."...
I've got to let it roll
Our other kids are not old enough to be able to unload, and have them wait while I park the car. There aren't always two adults.
Niamh Brown
Note 037
I used to be fanatical about blogging every day and get sharp pangs of guilt if I didn't reply to each and every comment promptly. Now, I blog three days a week and although I do try my best to get around to everyone quickly, well . . . I don't always manage it. But that's okay, because I've come to the conclusion that blogging should be fun. I love popping around and visiting the people who've become my friends; seeing what they're up to. I blog because I want to, not because I think it will help me sell a zillion trillion books.
My reactions to the posters? Well, in general, I think they’re fantastic. They really give a feel for what the movie and characters are going to be like. To be honest, though, I would have loved to see Caesar Flickerman or Foxface included in the bunch as well. (Who would have thought it would turn out to be the talk show host we’re all dying to finally see?) Other than that, though, great job to Lionsgate on the lighting and such. I love the darkness around the characters.
I have found my Godsend
It was our season. Always, its ashen swaying grass, naked branches, cold blue sky, it brings you...
25 May 2011: Minister for Health berates Opposition for accepting political donations and failing to support proposal for plain packaging.
And just like the guy whose feet are too big for his sled
7.angel of satan
06 - M3/Caravan
The government has announced that it no longer recognises Kgosi Kgafela of Bakgatla and that he will no longer exercise nor perform any powers or official duties relating to tribal administration structures in the Kgatleng District.
Rustie – Prizm
Fresh Herbs (1 T) - 1 tsp dried herbs
Cristina and I spoke to Anderson from the audience. He asked us each a few questions but I think that I was edited out of the show.
It hurts me…I wish I could have known this angelic woman. To see her as a young adult& hug her, tell her all those who are stared at, those whose ears malicious laughter falls upon, and all those hit with objects from passing cars, we all thank her for her courage. We need more people like her who can embrace their identity in the face of fire.
My opinion is it’s an ongoing legal process and it’s highly premature and inappropriate for me to make comments on it or to try to intervene in it.
I buy them for my kids but have to wash my hands thoroughly after dealing with them.
Really??? I thought.
Impressive amounts of money for food and other supplies are being raised and sent to the region. But I am concerned with the last mile: getting assistance and supplies from the ports of Mogadishu to the people who need it urgently. Unless all parties remove the barriers that stand between organisations with the capacity to save lives and the people who rely on them for their survival, thousands more may continue dying preventable deaths.
11: Magpakahaba-haba man ang prusisyon…
First, personifying this piece of software was a stroke of brilliance. The app's job is to protect you, making it a "person" adds an extra, unconcious level of comfort. People are increasingly wary of technology's slow theft of our privacy, so helping us relate to a piece of software also helps us trust it.
A lot happened that summer. I saw scores of great shows and I read a lot of books. I explored thoroughfares and alleyways, learning the difference between avenues and streets. I made a few true friends and a hell of a lot of acquaintances. I fell in love for the first time and I saw a dead body up close and personal for the first time too. I thought I found a career path and later learned I was wrong. I also thought I’d forever stay the person I was then. I was wrong about that as well. But more than anything else, the most significant thing that happened to me that summer was that San Francisco chose me.
Hold back your mind from pride, for pride comes only from ignorance. The man who does not know thinks that he is great, that he has done this or that great thing; the wise man knows that only God is Great; that all good is done by God alone.
Artinfo reported this week that there are possible changes on the American horizon to the way US copyright claims are conducted. If put into action, these changes could make it considerably easier for artists to claim copyright infringement of their works.
Beneath his floating spinning body, the whippet could see Chav Harry and his friend pass by below him; both their mouths wide open in amazement! It was too late for them, they were skidding across the damp sand and towards the water’s edge!
In an interview with Weston published at Gates of Vienna, his nerves get the better of him. He wants to oppose what he continually calls "political correctness" -- itself a wimpy term for anti-white discrimination and population replacement -- but still be respectable: impossible in present-day Britain.
The skin could be cured the skin.
I'm also wearing a yellow ruffled new-to-me t-shirt underneath. I thrifted it for $5.00 a couple of months ago and had put it away for summer, but I think it's warm enough now to wear it as a layering piece.
Fabulous weekend, and fabulous memories!
1- I already need to wear a cooling vest during the 2 hour trainings.
In her face
Sadly, my decent digital camera has recently gone on the fritz, so, for the trip, I was forced to rely on our very old (and cheap, even 3-4 years ago) digital camera that I had given to the OG.
The Deepwater Horizon Natural Resource Damage Assessment (NRDA) Trustee Council recently announced that they were kicking off a $60 million series of early restoration projects along the Gulf Coast.
“Jay, what the hell do you mean?” she huffed.
I hope you're all looking forward to some time off work over this long weekend! I know the 4 of us most definitely are. In fact, I'm currently sitting on a plane, waiting to depart so that I can start counting down the hours until I arrive in London...
Rebirth. Combat rez. I would love to have one! Or a throughput CD like Archangel or Divine Favor/Avenging Wrath.
And one may not climb a hill by falling down a hole, but that’s not a great analogy for what’s going on here. Instead, merely note that you don’t climb to the summit of Everest from the shoreline on a route that never, ever takes you down even a little way. That would be rather difficult and pointless.
That’s how I remember it all anyway.
I'm just tired. Tired of being betrayed by my body. Tired of this shit.
The lighting came out of a 24x30" Photoflex softbox powered with a White Lightning x1600 head at camera right and approximately 7 ft high. A 20320" box just below it (relevant only for the full body) to light the waist down. Powered by a Canon speedlite 580EX2. Another 24x24" box at about eye level on camer left to provide fill powered by another 580EX2.
It might not be when the first child walks out of those gates but somewhere along the line, a mother will say goodbye, a little choked by the enormity of her child not being at Pre-school anymore, and I will be Off. Tears will well, mouth will wobble, and throat will constrict with the effort to stop blubbing.
And I forget I forget the movie song.
I will be back with some regular posts later! But remember to live Happily Ever Healthy!
It was a very good Experience indeed and there is something in my mind that ,,,no Regular classes mean no College Friends,,,,,,but i was totally wrong,, In these 3 years of my private study life I had make like 100 of Friends from my University(AIOU ALLAH IQBAL OPEN UNIVERSITY) and they all proved theirself as a best buddy
Inter / means they’ll do anything in bed
Sometimes they might knock me down but
3/4 tsp. garlic salt
I am hoping to answer the questions that I am often asked
Incentive? I doubt it. I guess for good or ill, Garrett is forever bound to this project. And I hear there's no truth in the rumour that Horst Dornbusch chipped in for the snazzy cardboard box...
After meeting leaders of the trade unions and employers federations in Brussels, EU Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso acknowledged that “sacrifices are being made on an unfair basis.”
Grease the dish you are using and pour the batter into it. If using individual ramekins/ cups, then fill each of it till about half full. Keep aside.
But the good thing is that the person who has the power to treat me worse than anyone I know also has the power to treat me the best. Slowly, very slowly, I'm learning to be kind to myself, to take it easy on the old psyche. I'm only human for goodness sakes, a human that deserves to be treated with a little more compassion.
The theme for National Blog Posting Month in December is mitzvah. Not being terribly knowledgeable about Judaism, I started by researching the word itself. According to Wikipedia, it has in more recent times come to mean an act of kindness. (Wikipedia actually says "act of human kindness," but I think we can assume the "human" part is understood.)
*Do I LOVE it?
We were late for dance AGAIN! We are late every week. I feel like all I do is apologize to the teachers. I try so hard. Why do I bother? I had her outfit, etc ready. Even had dinner on the table at a decent time. It's always some kind of drama too. I have given birth to a drama queen! This time we had to threaten her & pry the Wii remote out of her hand while she screamed that she wasn't finished playing the frisbee game yet. Whatever kid. LOL!
the beauty
The Book and The Boy eventually became nothing more than just a book and a boy in a library.
While few modern travelers know its name, Mafia has drawn international visitors since at least the 11th century, when it served as an important trading base for Shirazi sailors who controlled the region. Later, the island became a hub for the Middle East slave trade, then a military base for German, and eventually British, colonists. (While Italians number high among the expats running lodges on Mafia today, the island’s name has nothing to do with organized crime; it likely derives from the ancient Arabic word for archipelago. For the past century, Mafia and its 40,000 residents have been mostly ignored by the outside world, reached only by slow ferries from Tanzania.
were making white combs
When we reached the next subway station,
This is another Babe study and my introduction to Beth. I love her. She is straight talking and honest. Her teaching is straight from scripture. This study enabled me to look at man who had a heart that looked at God first. When he sinned, he immediately went into repentance and accepted the consequences for his sin. This study made me realize that my relationship with God is the most important relationship I should have. It opened up my eyes on my own sins and my own struggles and how I should be react to them and how I should be living.
Wrinkle tells the story of adolescent Meg Murry, her genius little brother Charles Wallace, and their battle against evil as they search across the universe for their missing father, a scientist. The brother and sister, helped by a young neighbor, Calvin, and some supernatural spirits, must pass through a time travel corridor (the "wrinkle in time") and overcome the ruling powers on a planet with a totalitarian government reminiscent of George Orwell's 1984.Meg is 12, the twins Sandy and Dennys are 10, and Charles Wallace is 5. Calvin O'Keefe, 14, goes with Meg and Charles Wallace to find their father.
Diane please email me at scrapbookwithsheri at sbcglobal dot net. Congrats!!
For their first North American tour, Singapore Sling want to break down people's preconceived notions about their country's music.
VxVM INFO V-5-2-1239
Tuesdays after 6pm - Baked and fried stoner food specials $10
It's Tuesday....and this past weekend's project is still sitting on the kitchen table....not even started!
Do you see what else is missing? No mention of reserves held. Now maybe this publisher isn’t holding any but I won’t know that unless I ask. Some publishers do hold a reserve but don’t list that info on the statement. If that’s the case, we’ll have to make a note to always ask separately.
It is a bit like the view of the late comedian Malcolm Hardee, who had little time for jugglers because he saw juggling as a skill not a talent. If the average person practised eight hours per day, five days per week for two years, they could probably become a good juggler because it is a skill you can learn. But being a stand-up comic is a talent. If you are not funny, no amount of practice will ever make you truly, truly talented.
Few firms have a team of 50 lawyers dedicated to eDiscovery. Other firms might reach different conclusions when they consider their strategy, both as to the broad choice between in-house and outsourced services (or a mixture of them) and as to the actual software to be used in either case. The key term here is “strategy”, which connotes something more sophisticated than dealing with each case in a different way at the whim of the partner in charge. That is not, incidentally, to condemn a strategy which chooses from a range of tools and techniques depending on the job.
1/4-1/2 cup Sugar in the Raw1/4 cup canola oil
11. July 2009
I leave you with this item that I translated from Vatanparvar, the entertaining organ of the Uzbek Armed Forces (16 September 1995, p 4).
1. Both vessels were triple screw (propeller)
by Kim Smith
Michael Cera and Mary Elizabeth Winstead are great in the lead roles and Kieran Culkin is excellent as Wallace Wells, Scott’s roommate. The whole movie is pretty well cast, even the actors in smaller roles bring a lot to the table and it’s always nice to see Jason Schwartzman on the big screen.
I would love to do a whole set with the letters coordinating with the fabric such as C is for cat with cats on the material or D is for dog. I have a couple done in this set and hope to add some more to it after Christmas.
He was not alone. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate that month was 5.9 percent, a full point worse than where it had been in June of that year and two points worse than January.
Every Monday-Thursday, a design team member will demonstrate to you products in the store for inspiration. Every Friday, I will be doing a demonstration and teaching video for you showing you new ways to use our store products and innovative techniques that all paper crafters will love. We'll be sharing with you scrapbook pages, cards, altered items, and more!
the place where nothing is in balance, and silent
Preheat oven to 350 F. Lightly grease two 8-inch cake pans with oil and line each bottom with a round of greased parchment.
4. You are slated to speak at the 2010 Rutger's One-On-One Plus Conference in October -- very cool! Was your first novel sale, BIG SLICK (2007), a result of attending a Rutgers One-On-One Conference?
~*Please note*I only ship to the Continental U.S.~
Andrew came to show me that he got into my sewing box. He put spools on his fingers and said something about being a robot.
Jesse Campbell (Team Xtina) @singjessesing – Singing Halo by Beyonce. As soon as they announced it, I was worried. Beyonce fans are harsh, and a guy singing a Beyonce song can go really wrong with all of the high notes she has in her songs. He has a high register though, so I hope he can pull it off. I like what he was wearing, and it was cool he was standing in a huge picture frame. I still think he looks Cuba Gooding, Jr. And around him, there were photos of his daughter, as tonight’s performance was dedicated to her. It started off okay, but then as it got further into the song this dude started really feeling it and he had some really cool moments vocally. His performance rocked the house. 1-855-VOICE-02
So you sit there. Helpless. Squirming. While the teacher explains to you all the things that are either bothering her, or that she must disclose for the incident/accident report. Generally, in front of passersby. You nod. You may ask clarifying questions here and there. And you try to make that judgement between inappropriate behaviors based on good values, or just being rotten. And start mulling over the punishment options…
Our "Songs of Myth and Magic" Irish Concert was indeed magical. Spring and a little mist were in the air, giving it a soft, Irish sparkle. The harp likes the weather slightly humid. I think it relaxes the wood just a little and lets it sing more easily.
1165 ***D-IV/25/1993. “On Plato’s Homer.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 1-12 (1997).)
My little owl is from the Hoot and Holler Cricut Lite cartridge and was cut at 3”. I used my Imagine and colors from the Blast Off cartridge to color the layers of my owl. I also cut the hat from the cartridge at 1 3/4” and used patterns and colors from the Blast Off cartridge to color it as well. I adhered my hat to my owl and then put my little owl on an action wobble. He is just too cute.
Made from a vintage baby cup, some old lace and a boot button for the center of the flower. I love the look of old tarnished things! I always wonder who they used to belong to so many years ago.
Santa: You have? Do you know what you want for Christmas.
Hold mile marker posters or arrows along race route & cheer on participants. Great for HS volunteers!
5. Take You Down 3:35
HUDDLESTON
Dr Charles Fox Larkin(1856-1886) Surgeon, Orator & Political Reformer
Paring equity and commodity exposure, hedge fund managers moved assets to cash which surged to an 18% overweight (from just 6% in May). This is the largest overweight since June 2010. The shift also saw bonds, an asset class which has been in disfavor for a long time, gain some new interest. Fixed income underweight moved from 58% in April, 44% in May to 35% in June.
until... The final touch, the hay loft door.
Along with being a Music Supervisor, Kyle Merkley also coordinates everyone’s needs including music submissions, licensing administration, and all the other fun stuff that comes with music supervision. As an avid musician and the top-ranked graduate of his year in the Music Business Management Program at Durham College, Kyle possesses a firm grasp of music licensing from both sides of the fence.
This morning while I was scrolling through my newsfeed on Facebook, I came across an article from hellogiggles.com. I’m a huge fan of their site- the content always brings a smile to my face. And on this beautiful Sunday, with the window open and the fresh scent of the trees outside wafting into my room, I read a piece about loving yourself. I wanted to share the introduction paragraph with you:
I don't think I'm alone in my growing tolerance for that minority use of bring, because I keep seeing it in respectable publications. I haven't gone looking for examples, but the usage is still odd enough to my ear that I (sometimes) notice it; here are a few cites I've clipped in the past year or so.
- Jim, Soke of Peterborough,Soviet EU, 30/3/2012 21:23
I am well aware that the majority of Christians would totally see something wrong with that picture....and I understand where they're coming from. I've often wondered the same thing as I sat in a restaurant with my hubby on a date night, both of us sipping from some kind of frozen mixed-drink concoction, giggling and talking about our lives and our day...and then we bow our heads to pray over our dinner. At that moment, I am very alert to the fact that we could have on-lookers who think "Ah! Look at those people--they're DRINKING and now they're PRAYING!"
She found a rock she wanted to keep. It sparkled. I mentioned it probably contained mica. She wanted to know what mica meant. This led to a discussion of rocks and minerals, and the difference between a geologist and a mycologist. It was she who gravely informed me that the latter was someone who studies mushrooms and fungi. I was amused and proud that she even knew what the word meant.
Just 19 percent of Americans said they favor a plan like Boehner’s, which would rely solely on spending cuts to existing programs to reduce the deficit. Twelve percent said they would prefer a plan to reduce the deficit only by raising taxes.
Hello all and Happy New Year. I know I'm a bit late but I have been so busy with my family and moving into a new home.
And my lousy score on Bejeweled Blitz.
Faced with the most difficult decision of their lives, what should Alix and Samir do?
Tay Grade 5: Tay really enjoyed this program. Her favorite lessons were states/capitals, and reading comprehension. I was really happy to see the progress she made with both lessons. Tay really does not like most reading comprehension exercises, but she thoroughly enjoyed this part of the lessons with Time4Learning. The reading comprehension lessons were called think out loud. A story is read out loud to the child with pictures being shown. The child is then give some question to think about. The child has to predict what will happen next in the story based on the information given to them so far. As they progress through the story, there are questions that need to be answered specifically about the story. Tay really had fun with these lessons. She also did the state/capitals review. This is a great lesson that is interactive and fun. There are many different activities that can be done in this area. Not only was Tay asked to match states and capitals, she was also expected to spell them correctly. Another favorite of Tay's in this section was the fill in the map lesson. She did this one over and over, and she has greatly improved her map skills. After the lessons are completed they are checked off on the homepage so the child and the parent will know what has been done and what still needs to be completed.
“Is Morning Joe over? Can we turn on my cartoons?”
It happened again in St. Petersburg this past week. Another police officer died in the line of duty. This time the murderer was a 16-year-old boy. The officer was responding to a prowler call and was holding his notebook when he was ambushed. He left behind a wife and children, and family and friends, and a community. He was apparently a teddy bear in a grizzly bear mask who volunteered to help end domestic violence in his free time.
Crabby Seafood Hickory Ranch Spring Spinach
We can't wait to see what you do with this sketch! Good luck!
Plus, as a UNC-Chapel Hill student, you have so many options. There are many small publishing companies and presses within a 25-mile radius (including Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill, University of North Carolina Press, Duke University Press and Oxford University Press) that can offer students the opportunity to gain and polish their skills with publishing. Sometimes a smaller company can be the best place for you to grow.
Thank you so much June – this was so much fun! Remember, stop by City Crafter Challenge Blog for some really unique challenges. The one going on right now is “Let the Sunshine In” and the challenge is to use the word “sun” or a “sun” in our project.
by that idiot ref = 1075
Carnie Wilson hosted her own talk show, had gastric bypass surgery which resulted in a loss of 150lbs, posed for Playboy, and appeared on shows such as “That 70′s Show” and “Sabrina the Teenage Witch”.
"We're from Physical Therapy, can we come in?"
Were the settlers of Converse contrarians, or did they enjoy good conversation? I wish I cared enough to look into it. What about the people from Assumption? I would suppose or speculate that there’s a good reason they took this name for their town.
Thursday, November 24th - No School, Happy Thanksgiving
Some trees have begun to change colors but our flowers are blooming joyfully still. It will be interesting to see how many more months we have flowers to enjoy. All these flowers were near dead in little pots that the owner of the local hardware store gave me. I stuck them in the ground and they perked up immediately. We thank them every day.
And in retrospect, I am glad I went, and I regret that I went. It was very bitter sweet, the whole thing. I am glad for what the movie gave me- which is perspective. It showed me how I should be grateful for more. How many of us are missing the point entirely. We are so caught up in all of these physical trappings… and for what? To watch these people’s lives completely torn apart by this huge wave… it really shifted how I view things. In the documentary, there was a guy who lost his life over his car. Instead of running up the mountainside with his friend (to escape the ever rising wave), he ran back to he new car- because it was new and expensive. And this guy watched his best friend die. Over a car. I think this really embodies what a lot of people I know are like. We are so caught up in our stuff, we miss the real meaning of being here.
1 C shredded parmesan
Here’s what the Brother suggested: If you want to practice serving the poor, start small. Help your poor mother with the dishes. Help your poor father with the yardwork. Help your poor neighbor with the kids when they seem overwhelmed. Start there and see what grows. This is how your ears will become better attuned to God.
We carried the Mk 48 ADCAP (for advanced capability) torpedo. It is a devastating weapon against both surface ships and submarines. We launch the torpedo to intercept the target like a hunter leads a duck. In addition, the torpedo has its own sonar system, looking for the target for a precise intercept. Not only that, but the torpedo streams a wire behind it that stays connected to the submarine. This way we could see what the torpedo was seeing and redirect the torpedo, sending steering orders down the wire, if necessary.
Frankl
Maybe I'm just getting too cynical. I'm still not sure I would have given him the Twenty bucks.
Sorry for the delay in getting my High Point posts up. The good news is that I returned from North Carolina to a whirlwind of new projects . . . but - I've got a few more posts up my sleeve. So - check back later in the week . . .
Chris was like, "What is your problem?"
I could carry on telling you about the people that have turn their back on me, about despicable doctors who wouldn’t even listen to me just because I don’t look sick.
Mak isah.
I'm so glad you can't see a close-up
Along the first miles of the course, the only people are a few bystanders at the mountainside cabins and a couple musical acts — a high school pep band and a lounge act. Down the road, the course opens up to a mostly flat, straight highway plateau toward the Pacific Ocean. Here, the only audience is a couple herds of cows.
Stapleton wants more stores open on Sundays, for longer. He wants more wine kiosks in stores. He says he is in favor of home delivery of wine (watch carefully, though: that one promises more than he can deliver). He wants the PLCB freed from civil service requirements so he can hire wonderful people who love wine! It's this program that I think I'm going to call the FDI: the PLCB's False Dawn Initiative. After Stapleton laid it all out, they brought me on to lay it all waste.
I've been having some terrible 'senior moments' just lately. When I was staying at my lovely aunt's house a couple of weeks ago, I turned up for breakfast all dressed but with my nightie still round my waist. She is such a sweetie though (my aunt, not the nightie!) and made me feel much better by sharing a story about going off to church once with a label stuck on her back from some new underwear; the label read: 'scanties'!
Im trying not to think about that event too much, yes granted most of the time you cannot get me to shut up, but in front of a room of 50 people?? There’s that voice again, “But Im not a speaker! And what’s worse, I have to speak about writing, and Im not a writer!”. Its enough to give any writer a heart attack.
Although the decision of Roe v Wade has played a huge part in making safe, legal abortions more available, recent state laws have begun to oppose the lack of regulation. Many states, like Texas, South Dakota and Idaho have attempted to or have succeeded in passing new laws restricting access to abortions. Most of these laws are based on arguments that life begins at some point in development before the end of the first trimester (at 20 weeks as defined in the new Idaho law). Some of these laws have even made it so that exceptions can not be made for the victims of rape or incest. Laws like this do not protect anyone’s rights or liberties and simply deny some people services that they should have the right to access. To force someone to carry and give birth to an unwanted child, especially if that child is the product of a violent crime, seems ludicrous.
The HSBC index is weighted towards export-dependent small- and medium-sized manufacturers, and usually shows a lower number than the official PMI, which better reflects the activity at large companies. The April number suggests that the increased bank lending that the central bank has allowed over the past month or so, even for small companies, is having some effect on moderating the slowdown in growth. The contraction in new orders is slowing and exports orders increase to a three-months high reflecting the modest recovery being seen in the U.S. Even though the latest PMI figure will helping to ease concerns of a sharp slowdown in growth, we expect the central bank to remain measured about further easing of both monetary and fiscal fronts.
It wasn’t until the 1960s that the explorer Gene Savoy found the real location of the city of Vilcabamba at Espiritu Pampa, about 40 miles to the NW of Machu Picchu. Hiram Bingham had explored this area in his first visit to Peru in 1909 and had discovered a number of small ruins close to where Vilcabamba would eventually be revealed but thought them to be insignificant and thus ruled them out as a possible site for Vilcabamba. Once he had visited Machu Picchu its magnificence suggested to Bingham that this must in fact be “The Lost City of the Incas”. Savoy’s discovery and later research by the likes of Vincent Lee and John Hemming showed Bingham to be incorrect. What then, exactly, was Machu Picchu?
Comparisons of pictures taken of the bear removed from Marshfield in late March with this bear would indicate they are not the same bear.
Update 'WftT on the Web' page
stick pin(s)
Four: the Terror of History
Hungering, hungering, hungering, for primal energies and Nature’s
One last thing... Bead Lovers Korner was featured this month on the Etsy Team FEST blog In My Corner series where members show their work and craft areas, tips for storage and some of their favorite items. You can view this feature on the EtsyFest Blog here: FEST: In My Corner with Bead Lover Korner
4) The action sequences were tight.
Last week's Poetry Jam poem was something of a dud, I admit. This one at least has the advantage of being shorter. On the theme of Windows:
Come on over to my little shop...OH...and tell your friends...and their friends....and their friends, friends...
Plano TX 75075
SZC owns the worldwide rights to several brands associated with author JRR Tolkien, including The Hobbit and The Lord of The Rings.
How do you ask someone an objective or hypothetical question as an actual objective or hypothetical question, and not as a question that leads to a conversation related to yourself? I have a friend who asked her guy friend if she was dateable. She did not want to date him, but truly valued his opinion and was interested to know it. So he leads with “Well, I wouldn’t date you, but here’s why…” She got his opinion, but in a way that was insulting to her.
Overall, Kosher dogs did pretty well. The best liked of the Kosher dogs, which was #3 overall, was a hot dog completely new to all of us, International Glatt Kosher, which likely is NOT available nationwide. This came as a complete surprise to us, because generally the term “Glatt” as pure is it might be from a Kosher standpoint, does not bring associations of great taste. We all thought this dog has really good spiciness and an appropriate level of saltiness to balance it out. The surprise is despite our perception of adequate saltiness, the dog that we reviewed from International Glatt Kosher is in fact a reduced-sodium (and also reduced-fat) product. However, the amazing thing is we couldn’t tell that was the case. The texture was good, and was somewhat fatty/greasy but not inappropriate given the high flavor and texture profile, but again remember this is also a reduced-fat product, so the fact that we even considered it to be slightly fatty tasting is again somewhat bewildering.
I gave up reading for Lent in the second grade. Dumb idea and I was miserable. It sure was a sacrifice though. I did not read a book for about a month after the house burned down. For one thing, all my books burned up. I was also overwhelmed and exhausted. Too, there was some kind of weird element of, “My books are all gone. I can’t read any more.” I didn’t even FEEL like reading.
The sentiment stamp is from Inkadinkado Personal Impressions..
Los Angeles, California
lemon juice of 1.5 lemons
2006- This is the one year that seems to deviate from the pattern of a major high or low in March/April. After rallying almost non-stop for 7 months the market finally puts in a high two weeks into May. It then declines about 8% over the next month and puts in a major low. The low is successfully retested in July. Market takes out May high in October. Cyclical bull market continues into 2007.
Shazza arrived next with a card, here, made by very cleverly using offcuts from the back of a card. The loveliest coastal scenes, layered onto backing which had been coloured using a matching Pro Marker to pick up the red gingham ribbon (neat trick). Some really pretty green checked paper snippets and a sentiment by Craftwork Cards. Brilliant job Shazza!
If the story is only about one character, that process may not be that hard, though I'm not sure I would find the story all that interesting. Most of the truly interesting stories are those with heavy interactions between different characters.
Wish me luck and Happy Scrappin'
Baked Meat Patties In Caramelized Tomato
But as the people I love have pointed out to me, being holed up doing nothing may look like they are alive but it is a form of death. They need to go out there and do stuff. They risk pain, but they find pleasure. They may risk life, but they enjoy life!!
Just for the record, I'm not being flippant here. This beer really does feel fresh, it does feel authentic, it absolutely does feel unmolested by undesirable man-made potions, and in some small way (to lend some small credence to the issue of morality) it did leave me with an odd sense that I was 'doing the right thing.'
HYDROTHERAPY. A person can use a vaporizer for relief by inhaling steam. A natural version of the vaporizer is a boiling pot of water with herbs or essential oils added. The amount of these ingredients varies.
I was really sad about not getting to spend the holiday with family, but we decided to embrace this change of plans. As we get ready to move to Boston, it became a nice opportunity to have a few more New York experiences before we leave.
'Every day.'"
Luckily, the rest of my day rocked and hung out with Bug. Definitely an improvement :-)
-meant only for grandparents-
Most of the companies I spoke to were polite and quoted me pricing on tree removal and replacement in conversations that lasted maybe five minutes, tops.
But I hope it is more complex than that, and not an indication of a lack of appreciation for the value of ideas -- the ideas that can lead to a successful proposal and therefore a grant, the ideas for overcoming obstacles that may arise during the data-gathering stages, and the ideas that come once the data (or whatever) are obtained and it's time to think about the results, understand them, discuss them, interpret them, and thereby generate new ideas.
To God be the glory, great things He hath done!
I told it not, my wrath did grow.
A huge, huge love is that this palette comes complete with the three little how-to cards that give you ideas on how to use each line. Of course, you don't HAVE to use them this way, but it makes for a nice and easy eye that you don't have to think about. Plus, I don't have to type out what I did for each look, because you can just read the card lol
Actually, with a band most pills are tricky.
At the end of the dream he was primping himself before a mirror. He looked good, in a rough homeless sort of way. He had ditched his glasses and had a full head of hair. In fact he didn’t look anything like himself. His skin was burnished and he was taller than in real life. And he was dressed as an old-timey railroad engineer, in cap and red kerchief and overalls. The whole nine yards.
2 affordable
Related articles:
Here is my card with Magazine likely shape :
I carefully shut the door without it making a noise. If Jenny knew I was being secretive she would’ve come barging in straight away. I sat with my back against the door and tapped the screen. A 3D image expanded from the screen and filled the room with a blue glow. But this time it wasn’t the usual straight-laced instructions; it was a message from Kaz…
Astronomers have spotted these stellar homicides before, but this is the first time they can identify the victim. Using a slew of ground- and space-based telescopes, a team of astronomers led by Suvi Gezari of The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Md., has identified the victim as a star rich in helium gas. The star resides in a galaxy 2.7 billion light-years away.
1 predatory
In our battles and our struggles, God is our army: we’re not going through this war alone, he’s my general, he’ll arm me.
I can barely get through some of the modified workouts.
Teachers have a different ‘knowledge’ than parental knowledge and it comes into play because unlike any other profession, teachers are given the PRIVILEGE of working with children and often times the parents don’t even know us by name. Teachers have to earn that trust day in and day out – with parents, but more importantly with students. The trust is so explicit that we are often told more than anyone else by students about their life and only when we have proof or a darn strong feeling that the ‘hypothetical’ discussion taking place is real can we report the issue to parents or social services. We can ask all manner of questions, suggest other people the student can talk to, services and phone numbers to contact but we are limited in giving opinions. By law we are mandated reporters and we stress to children that what they tell us falls into this category because we want them to know we care enough to do what is right, no matter what the outcome. Sometimes the most we can do is recommended to the school psychologist, the administrator, etc. that this child have an appointment. We can not even write our concerns in the cumulative file so we share them with another teacher(s) because each child is so precious to us and we don’t want something to happen.
Kiss of a Demon King by Kresley Cole - 417 pages
He and his gang controlled the lucrative drug market in Rome and were also rumoured to have a ‘free hand’ because of their links with police and Italian secret service agents.
Hope everyone is well! Things have been a bit exciting for us this week as our son is getting closer to becoming fully potty trained. Well, my poor cat might not use the word 'exciting.' We all know that cats don't enjoy getting wet on the best of days, but an unexpected little shower as she wandered across the bathroom was a whole new level of insult...
Fortunately, though, I'd been horribly ill for almost a month before the start of the race. Whatever cardiovascular training I had missed out on during that time was more than made up for by my non-stop, day-and-night coughing, hard coughing that accomplished nothing because inflamed tissues deep in my body were producing new sputum at the exact rate the old sputum was being ejected. As the 471 of us all gaggled at the starting line, I had a good feeling that my respiratory difficulties, along with the containment uncertainty caused by my two failed attempts to pee immediately before the start, would add just the right adversity to make the experience fun.
Food-mac and cheese
Opposition MPs are not impressed by Ndebele's assertions.
Then many years later, during my prayer time, the Lord spoke to my heart in a still small voice and said, “Linda, you are that pearl and I gave up everything to purchase you.” During the past week, each time I think about Grace Renee, the Lord reminds me of the pearl of great price. Again, the Lord has spoken to me, “I’ve brought my magnificent pearl, Grace Renee, home.
You may or may not have noticed, but it has been a while since I did an outfit post.
Hey guys! It's day 3 of camping, and things have been fairly good so far. Thankfully the weather has been really nice (around 16), so that has been awesome! Oakley went on the grass for the first time in his life this week. It was hilarious. He was crawling with his hands up really high, because he couldn't figure out why it felt so weird. That didn't last long, and soon I was pulling rocks and dirt out of his mouth!!!
you're getting happier at playing alone for longer periods
But I had no time to think about addiction, as the lesson started in earnest. First Richard showed me the balls. “These vary in weight from 6-16lbs and you measure the ball by hand spec and weight,” he told me. He chose a large red number for me weighing 10lbs which seemed incredibly heavy, but “the heavier the ball the more pin reaction you get.” He showed me how to hold the ball: “Middle and ring fingers in the top holes and thumb in the lower hole. If you can hold it comfortably for 10 seconds it's about the right weight.” It wasn't exactly comfortable, but I persevered.
The cover of the Forest City Enterprises annual report, featuring the highly-successful New York Times Tower, jointly developed by FCE subsidiary Forest City Ratner with the New York Times Company, looks a lot like the New York Times Magazine.
Fear- make people afraid.
Me: "Baby, look me over/tell me do you like what you see?
Flexibility provides you with a sound foundation with which to get lean and mean! But more importantly, being flexible helps prevent injury. But what just is flexibility? According to about.com, flexibility is defined as “the ability of your joints to move through a full range of motion. Having flexibility in your muscles allows for more movement around the joints and you can achieve this with a basic stretching workout.”
Now that you have released your burdens to God, allow the Holy Spirit to guide you. Ask for direction on how to trust Him and walk by faith. What should your next steps be? Get a notebook and pen and take notes as the Holy Spirit speaks to you about what to do. Create the “TO DO LIST” that God wants you to have and get started now, don’t wait. Faith is about action, but worrying keeps you stuck. Get unstuck and allow God to be in charge of your “LISTS”. Start now!
Handy then, that the highly infectious ‘Jungle Drum’ is the latest single to be lifted from the album, complete with a ridiculously cute video of Emilíana bouncing around a plastic jungle while chasing a dragonfly. Just thinking about it is enough to make us crave the open air, so after two hours and three rounds of coffees – not to mention my pink cupcake – we peel ourselves off the leather sofa for a quick stroll along Brighton’s famous seafront. As we mooch around taking pictures, she talks about wanting to do a disco or dance-type project with Dan and one of their mutual friends, quickly adding that they plan to take their time over it. “I just want to party, you know? Do a proper party record side project and go back in to my drag queen mode and get the fake eyelashes on again!”
Random me: I’m so blessed because most days, it just doesn’t feel like work.
Where’s the promise, from sea to shining sea
That's existing.
Thoughts?…
Within minutes, an obviously peeved Obama virtually ordered congressional leaders to the White House for a Saturday meeting on raising the nation’s debt limit. “We’ve got to get it done. It is not an option not to do it,” he declared.
My favourite booth of the show was Rise Kombucha. They have just rebranded and you might remember them as Crudessence. They have four flavours, and my favourite is the Lemongrass (formerly known as Clarte). It’s really a great fizzy drink. Stop by for a sample and tell them that I sent you!!
After years of rocking solids, I slowly incorporated different textures and patterns. From the apricot-hued nubbly vintage chair to the houndstooth print throw and collection of pillows, the room has more subtle layers and I love it! Sure, I'll keep adding things (just recently I added a new-to-me vintage piece) and the fireplace is getting a tweak soon, but overall I'm happy.
Liam Breslin
Despite the ruling party’s fervent attempts to assuage rising resentment, frustration and anger on the ground, Singaporeans remain unconvinced by their reasoning that foreigners are “essential” to Singapore.
So what IS the correct way to impose a talking curfew on a coyote anyway? Got any tips for me? Because you know I love this little thing, but he needs to be a little less chatty.
We provided significant funding for this study that was conducted by Miley and Associates for the Historic Charleston Foundation. We believe that in methodology and findings this study can be utilized by other communities as they develop their own approaches to cruise tourism. We hope that this study can lead to a better understanding of impacts and more informed public policy regarding cruise ship operations in Charleston. For me, it is an important document in my continuing education as an “accidental expert” in cruise tourism.
This time the flags were on the outside, waved by the crowd itself. The message being that patriotism is not the preserve of BN.
The strength of this technique is fairly plain: if you tell the reader exactly what the car/object is, then they have a ready image of it. It is as specific as you can really be, without having to describe what the object is.
I also tried a new recipe ranch chicken. I just added ranch dressing to the chicken half way through the baking process and made a quick salad delish! Shan also made an after dinner drink that I loved!
The appearance of the 0.28mm DX is very similar to that of the 0.38mm. Basic to the point of minimalism, it sports a short grip that is practically useless for me. However, I have often thought that the Uni-ball Signo DX, since it is such a great pen otherwise, really transcends its bland, utilitarian appearance. In other words, this pen doesn't need to wow us with its good looks, since it already delivers such an excellent, solid writing experience.
Hmmm. Perhaps I just need to listen to my daughter’s negative self-talk and try not to convince her otherwise?
By Julie Belnap
Grace by Laura Story
It's not just her though. It's all the other very loud, very judgmental, very opinionated, very holier than thou parents who think that they are doing it right and if you're not doing the same thing, well then social services better come and snatch your kid up right now.
This first race was the Angel Babies Race on 5/7/11.
Her wet lotus feet
That if she could, she would make you a care package for this trip you are about to take: Seattle, the hair-tie around her wrist, the finger-made love letter (especially the list that resembles this one), four cans of whip cream, the Cherry Pie CD, the 305 key card, her glasses, a homemade meal, the little pieces of paper with your name on them, her best friends, her almost tattoo, the way you say ”Hi” to her, the hope that she helped you in some small way, lunch at PF Changs, a razor, soap, a hot shower, elation, a road trip, the heated seats in her car, her family, her love & friendship, music, a lifetime, Sierra Highway, the Lifehouse song, the Jason Mraz song, a song that hasn’t been written yet, a conversation in the dark at a party in your 20′s, a future, her future, your happiness, your self-worth, your self-love, her hand held out for you to hold, a picture you didn’t take together, that motorcycle, skipping class, conversations & quiet, everything she has learned about how to love, her unconditional love for you and lastly the knowledge that she knows. She does know. But you know that.
7) Come Alive
You’re still given five home screens that you can populate with apps and games from the Google Play marketplace.
Few dare to openly challenge Mr. Kadyrov’s rule. But activists say some young Muslim women do so surreptitiously, placing themselves in a constant tug of war between two value systems.
Anyway, the Open House was pretty successful. It’s funny to see trends continue. Last year, the Older Two’s class (the children we are getting) only had one or two families show up. This time, four came to see us. Last year, in our class, all the parents came and they showed up again in their new Four’s Class. Interesting…
To my mind, the most inspired portrait ever done of Cleopatra is the one painted in 1888 by J.W. Waterhouse. I am going through a bit of a Waterhouse phase, and have blogged about his fabulous paintings of Adonis, Ariadne, Circe, Hylas, Narcissus and Orpheus. Waterhouse was famous for painting dewy-eyed nymphs and nubile girls.
I can’t wait to do it again and there is no one to wait for but myself.
Myra Lamb is a wild girl with mysterious, haint blue eyes who grows up on remote Bloodroot Mountain. Her grandmother, Byrdie, protects her fiercely and passes down "the touch" that bewitches people and animals alike. But when John Odom tries to tame Myra, it sparks a shocking disaster, ripping lives apart. Bloodroot is the dark and riveting story of the legacies-of magic and madness, faith and secrets, passion and loss-that haunt one family across the generations.
Research to develop the “Strategy Guide to Enable and Promote the Use of Fixed-Route Transit by People with Disabilities” is being conducted for the Transit Cooperative Research Program, which is part of the Transportation Research Board and the National Academy of Sciences. The research is supported by the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT). The prime contractor is TranSystems Inc., and the other members of the research team, along with DREDF, are The Collaborative and KFH Group.
MARTY STUART – Hey Porter (With Johnny Cash singing)
It is easy to see how my brain got there. It was telling me about how I needed to call the power company before our move-in date. Then it told me how sad it was that I hadn’t had the chance to work on the laundry list my second job has given me so that I would have cushion to pay my move-in fees. And then it had to throw in “and you’ve eaten out so much, it’s not like you’ve saved any money there either”.
So if your surfing on the pages and something is missing. It will be up again soon.
And then one day a song came on the radio – I’m pretty sure it was I Can’t Quit You Baby by Willie Dixon – and my whole life changed. A wormhole opened between the minor and major third, and I stepped through into Wonderland. Since then, the blues have made me laugh, weep, dance… well, this is a family record, and I can’t tell you all the things the blues can make me do.
He was leaning against the wall close to the bathrooms arms folded over his chest one foot resting on the wall,the other on the floor just looking at me. However casual he may have looked to anyone else in the room I knew the truth. I could feel the uncasualness radiating off of him. I dropped my gaze right back onto my drink but I could still feel his eyes.
Similarly, we simply can’t know whether the events of Mark 3 have a basis in historical fact, but it’s certainly plausible that Jesus’ relationship with his family was strained enough that this story would carry a lot of weight with the author and earliest readers. But it only carries weight if Jesus’ family is ignorant of any miraculous conception, and it’s difficult to see how that could be the case unless it didn’t actually happen.
Even more impressive in one so young, Hutcherson is much prouder of his advocacy work than his celebrity status.
While I was at the bakery I had La Tartine Corse which is Goat cheese spread on a crispy warm baguette topped with diced tomatoes and fresh basil served on top of lettuce with walnuts. That was yummy too!
The following budget is the final edition. It replaces all other budgets posted, and is very specific concerning the type of motorsports that we will be involved with.
Court transcripts show that Fethullah Gulen and his vast empire of radical madrassahs (religious schools) which stretch from coast to coast is supported by the Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S. State Department.
The SPND headquarters is based in Mojdeh, a military facility near Tehran. The facility is headed by Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi, who has previously been identified by western intelligence agencies as the man responsible for the nuclear weapons program. He is under United Nations sanctions.
I am without a master. Let those who scorn me feel what I felt tenfold. I wish them nothing but the purest, cruelest of suffering. Let their worlds fall down around them, crushing and destroying anything and everything that holds meaning to them.
Me - Doing well. I have an inner joy and peace about my life for this year and I'm not phased in the slightest that I seem to run around all the time. It's ok.
found a connection between prejudice and ambivalence. Ambivalence
As a geographer, I am naturally inclined to think of spatial memory. Years ago I clipped a cartoon from somewhere that spoofed a recent attempt to promote a new projection for a map of the world – perhaps the Robinson Projection – by showing several projections that “National Geographic” rejected, including a map that placed the countries in alphabetical order and another that displayed the map on a peeled baseball. (An illustration is provided for those readers who are not so familiar with the way a baseball is stitched together.) I loved the absurdity of both these projections that totally ignored the location of the countries displayed and left the map reader totally lost!
Not only will your ribeye steak get more expensive, more folks in sub-Sahara Africa will go hungry.
“You were still seeing him.”
Jannat 2 is the Emraan Hashmi’s upcoming crime thriller film and sequel of the 2008 hit Jannat. Mahesh Bhatt and Mukesh Bhatt are the producers and directed by Kunal Deshmukh. The Film also features a Randeep Hooda, Imran Zahid and Esha Gupta .Movie is expected to release on May 4 , 2012.
He was a true statesman; “In necessary things, unity; in doubtful things, liberty; in all things, charity,” he was fond of saying. Baxter, for his part, did his best to avoid the disputes between Anglicans, Presbyterians, Congregationalists, and other denominations, even convincing local ministers to cooperate in some pastoral matters. The interest in cooperation was not due to a lack of conviction. Among his more than 200 works are long, controversial discourses on doctrine. Still, he believed society was a large family under a loving father, and in his theology, he tried to cut between the extremes.
Here are some examples. Intuitives revel in metaphors, puzzles, and stories. Most of your school’s chess club were probably intuitives: they can spot patterns of movement on the board and intuit 2, 3, or 4 moves into the future.
With little ones, it takes exactly 1000 times longer to bundle up and get anywhere.
56. The Higher State-Freakout At The Gallery (13 OClock)
The Bizkit finally got back with Wes Borland and made an album in the same vein as Chocalate Starfish And The Hot Dog Flavored Water, but by that point the backlash had set in so thoroughly that they sold about 3% as much the first week as they had 11 years earlier. I kind of have to give them credit for staying true to their sound, though (and really, I never had a problem with that stupid, ugly, joyous sound). This concludes the white rapper trilogy portion of the list.
Next up are the PeeGee trees that I got at the end of the season last year. They should look like this:
Butter Filling:
practices allegedly perpetrated under the nose and with the active
He turned the car around a corner so sharply that the tyres screeched and she slammed against the door, and then they were going down a slope towards an underground garage. The car spun around in the brightly lit space, coming to a halt facing the exit, and the engine cut out. A grey shutter slowly rolled down, eclipsing the world outside.
For one weekend, all I had to do was think about the marathon. For one day, I owned my victory/survival. For my recovery, I got to watch my Texas Rangers dominate the Boston Red Sox 18-2 in Fenway Park. I got to hang out with my family and bask in the glory.
I'm sure Conor thinks I'm nuts for making these and he's probably right, but they cheered me up anyway. I got the pattern off the WEN website and they are very simple to make and actually very comfortable to wear too!!
Best Tracks - "Go Easy", "Bless The Weather", "Walk On The Water", "Just Now", "Let The Good Things Come", "Glistening Glyndebourne" and "Singin' In The Rain". An Album of extremely beauty and numerous times seen as one of the best released during the Early 70's. It reminds me a lot of Joni Mitchell, in terms of the Musical Composition and Rhythm. Bless The Weather was a career starter for Martyn, and he would start Releasing Albums consistently until his death.
Pours right. Reddish, to almost brown, actually. Light tan head that stays well. Decent enough smell, slightly sweet and crisp, with a raw hops smell as well.
A bet came. I played my cards right.
It took about 3 hours to get a decent etch. I would have liked it deeper but my sheet was only 20 gauge so I called it good. (There are a couple weird circle things on there that I think are from bubbles.) Took it out and cleaned it up, sanded it a little, domed it some, and then patinated it in the liver of sulfur. Tumbled it. This is the final product:
1. Lalala... Roll out some gum paste to the usual transparent-ish, chomp out some petals with a cutter.
If we look at what the WRB says about ESA, then we find that IDS and his minions, particularly Lord Freud, who famously anointed himself as our national expert on disability employment a couple of weeks after first looking at the issue, would now have you believe that all disabled people receive an automatic miracle cure at the 12 month mark which means we can then compete equally in the jobs market, and therefore won't be disadvantaged by time-limiting ESA to 12 months.
New city, new job, and a long distance relationship that had recently broken down due to her boyfriend's lack of commitment.
In addition to the individual burdens, the economic ripple effects of so many Boomers going into spending lock-down mode will be significant. What happens when a generation that built an economy based on credit and consumption suddenly puts on the brakes by sheer necessity? We may be about a decade away from finding out.
I was not aware of her assignment when she asked me at the dining room table one night, "Grandma, where did I come from?"
They recruited 3,326 men and women who were 65 years or older and were free from AF at the time of baseline measurements.
The government for its part should be seen and not heard in the way in which the free markets work!
The MXE is a node that provides integrated voice, fax, and data messaging.
For this week's contest, we're revisiting Asslandia, because butt jokes are comedy gold. Let's see what y'all can do with the... sigh. Really? That's what it's called?
Some Sour Cream to top it off.
For the people hear us singing:
Months ago my sweet husband bought me a 1974 Schwinn Varsity from a garage sale. He spent weeks in the garage, stripping the paint, replacing parts, and repairing it. When it was almost done we went to the paint store together and I picked out the most perfect shade of lime green. And she's pretty, really pretty.
For the Save the Dates, we decided to go DIY in order to make it feel more like a real postcard from Ireland. We got postcards made by Zazzle.com of an old map of Ireland and put a gold star over Kildare where the wedding was being held. For the other side we got a rubber stamp made by an amazing little Irish man in the East Village and hand stamped and addressed 250 postcards ourselves! For the invitations we went with a simple ivory and dark turquoise design by Smock Paper. The design nicely matched the period theme of the estate.
﻿﻿My mom actually used to work for Coca-Cola (on a totally different, technology side of things) so we've been fans a long time (we never really liked the other stuff).
This wasn’t a happy book, and it wasn’t easy to read. However, I liked it very much. There are many things a person can do to hurt their partner, and infidelity tops them all. But the fact that cheating is bad doesn’t mean that every infidelity is the same. So here we have a guy who was deeply confused, worried and at a crossroads. He left the navy and didn’t know how to be a civilian, didn’t even know if being a civilian was what he really wanted, his wife wasn’t there to help him and he also had the great responsibility of being a dad. And one day he made a mistake. Was he a bad guy? No. There’s no redemption from him, but what about forgiveness? That’s what Penny must figure out.
In tune with other themes on the blog, Brendan also sent a couple of other cards my way as well.
I am starting to think some people believe I wrote this intending it to be read by children. I did not. That would be sad and scary.
Goodness or badness? Um okay. Like watching those stupid clay people, Davey and Goliath on Sunday mornings when we didn’t go to church.
It's extraordinary that Karzai would steal over a million votes in an election in which citizens risked their lives to cast ballots.
Note: Some of the numerical and factual material contained in this edition was previously published under the auspices of the United Nations Postwar Commission.
these industries were
You can be as cocksure as Bendtner fresh from a day at the salon, but what’s important is the maturity and intelligence to knuckle under when football becomes a grind. David Bentley had lots of skill and abundant swank, but he turned out to be a bit of a swanker.
The ex-gay movement has relied on the Spitzer study as the single piece of objective evidence that therapy can work. The need for that evidence became even more pressing as the movement began to suffer increasingly more high-profile defections and more and more people who had been involved in ex-gay therapy came forward to say not only does therapy to reorient gay people not work, but that it in fact contributes to making people anxious, depressed and at times suicidal.
found in God
However, due to many fire-fighting activities PR has to undertake due to BN’s dirty tricks, a bit of the momentum of 2008 has been lost. It will take a gargantuan effort, to rejuvenate and regain the momentum of the 12th General Election besides convincing the voters PR is a solid and viable alternative.
She of course had physical therapy this month. As every other month things are going well. We are just concerned a little that she isn't crawling yet. Our physical therapist said it isn't something we should worry about. Since she was premature and has spent so much time in the hospital since birth she isn't surprised that she isn't crawling. So, for now, we aren't going to spend too much time worrying about it.
The current President of Gabon Ali Bongo, son of Omar Bongo has continued the corrupt empire his father created with French politicians and the business elite. Canard Enchainé, a French satiric newspaper reported on the eve of the 2010 France-Afrique conference in Paris that Ali Bongo had purchased a hundred million euro property in Paris. The property located on the University street has been described as “one of the most beautiful” in the heart of Paris. Canard Enchainé noted that the building covers a space of 4,500 square metres with the garden covering 3,700 square metres. “The 100 million euros does not include other expenditure to be made for the renovation and maintenance work which could take a third of Gabon’s GDP”.
I had some more fabric left (yay) so I decided to make some cushions with out zips for a change, I think the bow is quite cute & makes a change from a zip don't you think??
for if you don’t believe in yourself,
My thoughts immediately snowballed from there as I pondered the possibility of me having secondary infertility. I’ve been through fear and sadness but also have had peace. Looking back at how clearly God’s plan for Ella was has brought me immense amounts of peace. It is a great reminder for me that God has a plan!!! He had a plan. That was all part of His plan and this is all part of His plan.
It's Monday What are you Reading? is hosted by Sheila over at Book Journey. Head over there to find out what others are reading, who knows maybe you will find your next great read!!.
I ask myself this question many times: when does a week or month go by when I think about the fact and then worry about the fact of in being in debt. Whether is it my utility bills, repayments, (loans, etc.), even ones tithe; if you are a church goer. I personally always seem to be behind, never able to run forward. Major companies are in a position to handle such matters which includes chasing people who are falling behind with repayments.
Lee Donghae
Don’t feel any sorrow
Some time in the followng March, I got lucky. Thanks to the Oscar nominations the film had garnered, the local Carmike 6-plex (some 45 minutes away from campus by bus) deigned to run the film for a week or so. Of course my mind was correctly blown. I had never even seen an experimental film before, and so my initial impressions of this sprawling tone poem were at the time impossible to articulate. I remember saying to my friend Eric, whose love of cinema surpassed even my own, that Malick had unquestionably made one of the greatest films of all time, something that could probably never be surpassed. The sincere hyperbole of an uneducated enthusiast.
“It was fantastic that the trains were running on schedule and we’ve had a lot of people entering through the train entrance, so they are obviously taking advantage of the public transport,” Royal Show spokeswoman Maryanne Shaddick said.
I am impressed with Daily Paint Works so far. The tech help is almost instant and it is easy to manage once you figure it out. I sold a painting today so I have more than payed for the membership for May. I have no idea whether that was beginner's luck or not, but the buyer is one of my collectors. I think the huge number of visitors really helps to get your work exposure. I figure if I can sell one study a month there I will be ahead of the game. Also, I won't have to clutter up my web site with little paintings. This is going to be a good thing I believe.
20-something: Mom and Dad will fix it.
I'm loath to call this guy back, if only for the fact that I'm not sure I won't be liberally sprinkling my questions to him with the word "fuck" and "dickhead". However, I don't like sleeping in a puddle of my own drippings. And the other thing is, I've already paid him $700 for his work this summer, which has basically netted me zero, as I'm right back to where I started in May. Plus, I don't really have $300 for the service call.
(in no particular order).
I also love how she takes old, thrifted or hand me down furniture and slaps a coat of paint on it to make it into something new and stylish.
Here's a reality. I have call it 70 reviews on Dream Horse at BN. Most of them are 5 star. Some people hate this book. They think I'm stupid and I don't know anything about horses. One reader "cringed" at how ill-informed I am about all things equestrian. (I've had horses since I was 11.) Readers come with their biases. You can't please them all.
‘I associate my careless boyhood with all that lies on the banks of the Stour. Those scenes made me a painter, and I am grateful ....’
That we can fall, too,
For now I can still bask in the Orange glow of my 2005 National Champions shirt until the end of the year when Ohio State is crowned the champs.
If you are a child who gets pregnant, not only will you have your baby forcibly removed from your care, you will also be sent away to some quarantine where you will be taught how to behave.
The wolves’ teeth are still sharp
We have a lake front, which my great-grandparents lived in, then grandparents, and
Dear Jesus,
I used Maritime Abode from Steampunk release behind her, printed out as light as possible. Background was created with BV20/23/25. I then lifted out some lighter areas with colourless blender and went at it with white pigment ink to enhance the "mistiness". One of the main reasons for that exercise was to show that you don't always have to use your background stamp as detailed images, rather like silhouettes. It gives a cool feel of distance.
Okay, not really... that's mostly the fault of my kids.
A male protestor had leapt on the police car’s bonnet while surrounding protestors threw stones and water bottles at the vehicle, causing the windscreen to shatter.
directed by James Burton
A massive thank you to everyone who is following us. You are brilliant. xxx
Has a day passed without you getting your press fix?
Lauren’s mom, Cheryl, praises Jesus in almost every post, and it was her mention of I Am Second that led me to the site. Immediately after finding out what the site was about, I knew I had to support them. Today, Dave and I both wear wristbands 24/7, and I am glad that I ordered six, as I have already turned mine over four times. I think it’s time to order more. I AM second. God is first.
Last week, I made a new discovery, and am keen to share this with you. It’s a shop called baa ram ewe, based in Headingley. Essentially they are a wool shop specialising in British wool. However, they are also so much more!
One is a Heller Weizen Maibock called HellBock, and the other a Weizen Doppelbock consciously mimicking a familiar commercial example: Knobentinus.
Can you give yourself an honest answer? You will say with your lips, “I serve God.” How consistent are you in that service? Do you not often yield to the lust of the flesh or the temptations of the world?
…ooooh this was not one experiment I was ready for.
Prize Pack 2
So what measurement tools are available to fashion PR professionals? Dan Abrams, created a website, Styleite, dedicated to ranking individuals and companies in all aspects of the fashion industry. Styleite is a tool professionals can use to measure the success of their PR campaigns. The higher an individual or company ranks, the more successful the PR professional’s efforts have been.
You would think so, but not really. We do still get together now and again and we've had the kind of simpatico that often comes with long-term relationships since we were kids. The geography and my agoraphobic tendencies don't help matters, but obviously the internet has made things much easier generally.
A river flows curbside
At a very popular NYC milonga, I found myself in an awkward situation. I think that the choice that I made might have been the correct one, even though it was perhaps the "wrong" one as I did give unsolicited feedback in a sense.
but few you’ll want to take home.
1 tbsp vinegar
Of all the topics books address, my favorite is history. It is a cliché to say that those who do not know history will repeat all of its mistakes, but it is true.
The Dovells from West Philadelphia reached Number Two in the fall of 1961 with “Bristol Stomp”: whomping kick drum and snare, ride cymbal, tambourine, one guitar, three doo-wopping Overbrook High grads in back, and the tremendously tremulous white-soul lead vocal of 19 year-old Leonard Borisoff. It’s simple, sloppy, careening and pounding—in other words, Rock and Roll. A few minor hits followed over the next two years, mostly cash-in attempts at exploiting the next teen dance sensation (Jitterbug, The New Continental, Hully Gully, Froog, The Monkey), though outside of Philadelphia, none came close to reaching the heights of “Bristol Stomp.” With one exception.
received an email offering me a spot in the graduate diploma. I was torn, I thought I had
How it got there is a little 3 sentence story.
Dande is a tradition during New Years Eve In Aruba when musicians go from door to door in the neighbourhood to wish people all the best for the new year. They sing to a person whereafter this person put some money in the hat. Usually they get some spirits to drink and some food before leaving for the next neighbours’ house. At the end of the day sometimes they’re all drunk and go home.
The first thing that anyone needs to do is to practice. Make time outside your busy lives to practice. Take 20 minutes to play around with something to see how you can make it work. If you're shooting with a DSLR, she's a big proponent of getting into manual mode. You have a better opportunity to carve out what you're trying to create. This is what you need to practice so you can capture the moments later.
THE RISING SONS: I'm Blue
A Guang Ming photographer was arrested and his camera, worth tentatively RM12,000, went missing after he was released.
We're supposed to clean it off?! I figure if I let the kids cover the windows with art, I won't have to look out and see the giant messes they've made in the yard. It's all good.
November 1, 2012: Religion: God, Allah, Yahweh, No Way
Despite all those nice things being true, House has clearly come to a point where it needs to wrap up. Not that there aren’t a million medical mysteries that can be used as fodder for future plots, but all the supporting material has become stale. The formula for a procedural can only do so much, it needs performances and characters to breathe life into episodes. Like anything, it eventually stops packing the creative punch. This season has been decried as the worst ever for the series, and it is hard to argue. The past few seasons painted themselves into a corner by teasing a relationship between House and Cuddy (Lisa Edelstein). After that predictably blew up there was almost nowhere to go. Edelstein was off the show this season and the attempt to reboot with some new characters hasn’t netted any grand results. I wouldn’t say it is horribly worse than any of the last seasons, but it definitely is missing something. Everybody seems to be going through the motions and that rarely leads to good work.
Then it is recommended to name the child after any pious person in the hope that it will become like him/her. Then it is recommended to name by any name which has good meaning.
8:45 and 15 mins later we were making dinner by candle light.
Over warm and scented gusts of wind
Then the rest of the family came by for cake after. A wonderful day and evening with family and friends.
1/8 tsp. crushed black pepper
Oil a 9-10inch wide Bundt tin and set to one side.
Second, I guess I wanted to show the shopping public how much work we put into things that don't pan out in order for us to have a collection that does appeal. What you don't see are all the mistakes, false starts and huge investments of time and resources into dead-end ideas. Making things for a living is hard! Figuring out what people want to buy that we also want to make is a constant struggle.
So, if you’re not ready to cut all ties to the system that enslaves you, does that mean you have no choice but to continue being a slave for ever?
Rose's Heavenly Cakes, Page 325: Mini Vanilla Bean Pound Cakes
Young love, hot passion, my heart still in need.
Wow, that has got to be the weirdest title ever. And really makes no sense. So on to the post.... :)
I once took a week long glass beadmaking class at John C Campbell Folk School. It was my high school graduation present and I had an absolute blast making beads and enjoying that wonderful place to learn.
Best Writing for Original Screenplay: I said Bridesmaids. The real winner: Midnight in Paris
I can only hope to love thus
Visit My Memories.com: Look at all the great digital scrapbooking kits! wow, check out those layouts in the gallery!. Come back and tell me which kit or layout was your favorite.
Water Wise Irrigation Workshop
Without this funding restriction, the BATFE could continue to circumvent the will of Congress by collecting information on multiple-sales of long guns by Executive Branch mandate and then, centralizing records of thousands of Americans’ gun purchases, without any legal authority.
Wet-Dry Apple Warp
Ironically, as the President has pointed out, this isn’t a new plan:
You told me that night not to worry
But back to the chase metaphor. Yes, on one level men hunt for women, but it's like describing the Champs-Élysées as a Parisian street. A street takes you somewhere. A French avenue is for strolling. One takes one's time, checking out the boutiques, being surprised by what one finds along the way. Waiting for just the right moment to steal a kiss. Waiting for her to tell you by her actions when she wants a kiss.
What do you think? Great? Random? Who cares? xo
”Romney also has the luxury of an open schedule. Although without the gilded mantle of the presidency, he can spend every waking hour as a full-time candidate, while the President is required to do his day job.”
Those of you who know me in the real world are probably well-aware that I’m not exactly the most fashionable guy.
I mean if I chose something like Sexy Babe, (1) I don’t really know if I am (it’s been a while) and (2) it’s a lot to live up to on a first date.
“You know how Dallas is. . .” and his voice trailed off with his eyes that swept over this month’s mortgage statement.
When to arrive at the airport
Now pour the mousse into 3 pipping bags (or you could spoon it as well, but it can be messy, or if you have good beaker could pour it as well)
The Melting Your Mind album is a patchy affair, suffering mainly from poor material that does not serve to highlight the band's ability. The opening track, Daughter Of Venus is probably the record's most impressive piece, being the closest approximation of a vehicle for Young's female vocals. Most readers of this book will likely prefer Five Card Draw however, a loud bluesy jam that sounds like Farm. A couple of cuts are downright poor, with In My Oldsmobile leading the way. Sadly, no minds were melted by this album.
Publication Types:
Les Edwards
But, not so fast! She looks at me and says, "Wow. You're a really dizzy person."
Helen grabs and rescues the baby, as others gather, and help Walter soak the trashpile with gasoline. Before Helen can get away, Candyman grabs her. She accuses him of lying to her about letting the baby live, and Candyman responds that it doesn't matter, because she will die soon either way. Helen's response is to impale Candyman with a flaming stake, then attempt to save the baby.
While there are no bonding affinities on the backbone of DNA that can determine nucleotide sequencing, are there any bonding affinities between the nucleotide pairs along the longitudinal axis in the center of the molecule that might do so? No. While there is a weak hydrogen bond between the two nucleotides that form nucleotide pairs (between adenine and guanine, and between cytosine and thymine), there are no chemical bonds between the nucleotides along the longitudinal axis in the center of the molecule where the genetic information is stored. Without any chemical bonds linking one nucleotide/nucleotide pair to the nucleotide/nucleotide pair above and below it, there is nothing to necessitate that the nucleotides be arranged in any particular order. So even if there was some natural law that could cause chemicals to self-organize, the DNA molecule lacks the necessary properties on which this law could act (the same is true of RNA).
Community activists voiced opposition to the plans, observing that the reservoir should remain at a nature preserve and that ball fields at Highland Park should be improved instead. Numerous community meetings were held by the Parks Department over the last several years, gathering opinions from residents in both Brooklyn and Queens.
For some, such a scenario may prove too irreverent, especially as it’s the case that Auslander has his characters engage with the Holocaust, and the entirety of Jewish persecution, in a way that few writers would have the courage to do. Essentially, Auslander is questioning the sacred cow of Jewish suffering, and asking tough questions about a culture, and an industry, that has grown up around the unquestioning acceptance of the Jews’ right to claim that their suffering trumps all others’.
Padilla described Sison’s offer as “doable.”
Tam tint (lost) his reason a' thegither,
21. Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off -- Joe Nichols
I debated telling the boy that it wasn't her style; but, it was his style. Plus, I don't know their background - so maybe I was completely wrong on this and the boy seemed to think that she would like it. JZ and I debated whether or not I should say something - but in the end I didn't. I'm not really friends with the girl and I figured one of her friends who was in on the plan would speak up if it was really horrible.
pray, I set up force field that puts pressure on him and his evil devices. And
Santa Monica CC could have still bungled communications and scuttled the best plan. But conducting a comprehensive operational audit would have forced engagement and discussion of facts, largely eliminating any perceived benefit from ignoring certain constituencies and proffering a well-spun version of reality to everyone else.
I have a bunch of longer, separate posts I could write, but instead I'll just write a little bit about a lot and put off my packing...til tmw morning!
My training for the Clyde Stride 40 mile ultra marathon
MRR: Where do you find gigs?
As the report did not produce the results the media wanted, its findings were widely ignored, and the discredited legends continued to be reported as fact. To this day you will hear you will hear commentators, who should know better, or who DO know better, repeating these same allegations even when grudgingly admitting the rape never took place.
“The sheriff’s department was actually the ones who contacted us in March and they said that there were 3 dead horses on the property,” says Chafee.
Then we travelled on to Chitterne, in the middle of Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire 2703 where we interviewed a witness who told us of a remarkable event that happened in the Summer of 1977, involving the sighting of a UFO over Cley Hill Farm. The incident was to leave his Aunt Janet’s face tanned through exposure to the object. On the following morning, the family found a small burn ring in the lawn and brickwork damaged and burnt.
all areas of the city. The space has a really wonderful spirit and
So why would I call it a dilemma? I hate the fact that so many can be influenced by this… LOOK AT JOAKIM NOAH BELOW: ….NO TATTOOS!!!I And I vow to pray about this entire tattoo dilemma. Please join me.
Today a man came in to our shop,
Poet’s Never Die
In honor of nearly every blogger's favorite fall drink making its annual debut today, I decided to do another post inspired by taste/color.
Eventually, I realized that we were going to Boston Bowl!
The chief financial officer should also be suspended and disciplined for allegedly buying 90 desktop computers at inflated prices.
Thanks, MesAyah for letting me find you. It amazes me how sometimes information finds us, usually when we need it most.
baking together
Those winds felt like live things at times. And who was to say they weren’t? Were windspren attracted to gusts of wind, or were they the gust of wind? The souls of the force that now wanted so badly to destroy Kaladin’s wagon?
sharing with her my favorite used book store
it shined like a web
President Dilma Rousseff ordered the unit sent to the Amazon region following the recent killings of three activists and one witness in the states of Para and Rondonia.
And the night is disturbed by a sudden volcano of fire
To make honey butter, place softened butter in a mixer with the paddle attachment. For every stick of butter, add 3 tablespoons of honey and a pinch of sea salt. Whip together on high for 3 minutes. Put the butter in a glass jar fitted with a lid. Store in the refrigerator.
2. How has the Internet changed access to ‘literature’, research, and quality ‘text’ as well as censorship or editing?
A smile spread. My tread was noticeably softer upon leaving.
These off-site meetings cost the government over $130,000, including:
All of which, of course, is entirely separate from the question of whether or not it's a good idea for you to self-publish to begin with.
1 teaspoon soy sauce
‘Anti-masonry’ in nineteenth-century Ottoman Lebanon: an offensive
I hope you're smarter. At least I will be.
Have a great warm day! Give hugs – to moms and kids who are getting the short end of the stick today! Give hugs often!
We prayed and sang hymns. A great many of the men seemed to know each other intimately. Questions and answers were called around — who was on board, and who was lost, or what they had been seen doing? One call that came around was, “Is the chief aboard? ” Whether they meant Mr. Wilde, the chief officer, or the chief engineer, or Capt. Smith, I do not know. I do know that one of the circular life rings from the bridge was there when we got off in the morning. It may be that Capt. Smith was on board with us for a while. Nobody knew where the “Chief ” was.
But despite the judge’s hard-hitting comments, police in Greater Manchester in the UK continued to insist that the men’s race and religion were not factors in their crimes.
Suta might have then doubted, “If these sages don’t even have the slightest idea as to the answer to their question, which though profound is indeed simple and essential, then perhaps they are not qualified or capable to learn the subject, and it would be a misuse of my time and effort to try to instruct them?” Fearing this doubt the sages spoke up to indicate that many of them did indeed have a strong suspicion about what might be the answer to this question – what is the most beneficial thing for humanity. Therefore they said:
I would like to add my card to the following challenges;
These are so much fun... I hope you enjoy making them as much as I do. The next one I'll make will be a shaker... perfect for a shaker, don't you think?
2010.08.17 Iraq Baghdad 61 129 Over sixty young Iraqis lining up for work are senselessly cut to shreds by a Shahid suicide nail-bomber.
Wherever you pass by, your charms spill all over
The ascetic ideal holds that suffering is given ultimate significance. Nietzsche saw in Christianity a means of giving meaning to suffering. That it is God’s plan, and a means for us to atone for sin. He also saw that Christianity gave people the reassurance that their life (and their death) had a universal, cosmic, significance. He saw in philosophy an ascetic ideal in valuing the soul over the body, duty over desire, virtue over desire, etc… Religion offered salvation to the sinner through repentance and tolerating suffering. Philosopher offered redemption to thinkers through denying their physical desires and rejecting their physical experiences for some greater reality of the mind. In both instances Nietzsche saw a powerful assumption that existence requires explanation and purpose. He disagreed with both.
1 dash of Grenadine.
If you follow my blog you might've noticed a slight change this month. Or more likely you didn't. Eventually you might notice that all the books I'm reviewing this month have already been published (most of them awhile ago).
Cause I got places to go and people to leave
A variation of the project sketch. I used a similar photo block placement for the main block of photos and also kept papers at the bottom (but curved). I did add an extra photo but I still felt quite inspired by the original. I used the Sweet Serenity mini kit from Shabby Princess Designs.
Peel and core the fruit, chop into 1” chunks. Peel and quarter the onions and chop into similar sized chunks. Put the fruit and onions in a preserving pan or large saucepan with the vinegar.
Ultimate Turkey & Black Bean Burgers
It seemed once I got thrust into the work world full time as an adult, I stopped reading for leisure completely. But I’m starting to get my groove back. I have an entire list of books I want to read/finish in the coming months. I forgot how much I loved reading. And as a writer, how inspiring it can be, and if you are reading great writers, you are going to become an even better writer. Most recently, I’ve read The Human Stain, Elizabeth and Hazel: Two Women of Little Rock, Haiku for the Single Girl (friggin hysterical), and one of my all time favorites: The Warmth of Other Suns.
Though the Texas congressman finds himself behind former Gov. Mitt Romney and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, according to the CNN delegate count, he consistently raises large sums of money. In the first quarter of 2012, the Paul campaign said they raised nearly $10.4 million, with nearly $2.6 million coming in March alone.
as long as it is never allowed to wither and die,
After much deliberation, I decided to just start in one corner and put the "puzzle" together, rather than being picky about shapes and design. It wasn't terribly hard. I quickly decided that I'd just glue the pieces down right away instead of waiting till I had it all figured out. *note using adhesive is necessary, there is no way you'll be able to grout the pieces with out them staying in one spot!
Dotito agreed and he welcomed them. It was in winter. Then Derere’s people started to build their houses at Chikonde, and started their work of making axes, hoes and spears. All other chiefs were friendly to him and he gave them hoes and axes and their sons married the daughters of these chiefs.
Is the one day of the year
some of my own
He passed through more lit caves, none of which had more than one other exit, and came to a tunnel where level concrete replaced bare rock after a few yards. Caught out by the change in footing, Rel stumbled, and suddenly he was looking out into fathomless darkness that could only be the Abyss. A draught that was more like a stiff breeze tugged at the damp cuffs of his shirt. Somewhere, water trickled. Torches, all planted in the now-familiar, sinister way, threw forlorn light against the distance across the void, barely touching the far side with the occasional glimmer.
The heavens can’t bear your pain
A very handsome little frog - a creamy fawn colour with black markings.
I just can't tell you where the last month went, I took a few pictures here and there, even uploaded a few batches but never had the time to actually post! I hope to get back in the swing of things, thanks for the concerned comments/emails all is well!
21. It's Your Thing—Isley Brothers
Each week the Weekend Potluck just seems to get better and better! We had a difficult time picking our favorites! You guys always bring the best of the best, thanks so much for that!
This post is the first in a short series on the combined issues of attempt liability and moral luck. Attempt liability is an idea arising out of criminal law. It holds that a person can be held criminally liable for attempting an offence, such as murder or rape, as well as for completing an offence. And moral luck is….well, moral luck is one of the more interesting conceptual developments in 20th century ethical philosophy. I’ll talk about it in more detail later.
Kinks-type riffs, thunder drums, fast changes – Vasquez delivered the whole raw, gutter-cocktail with his earlier bands the Nights and Days and Night Kings, all the frantic yet melodic boom, bap, boom that fans of The Stooges and MC5 want in their music. The terrible essence of these bands can be summarized with one of the most tired lines in music: how can someone who writes such amazing songs remain so tragically underappreciated? Even in Vasquez’s native Pacific Northwest, and in our era of file-sharing and music blogs, it’s shocking how few people know the guy’s name.
THE HOGWARTS MEMORIAL FEAST
A long time ago Beedo posted about the D&D modules he'd like to play before he "finally hangs up the dice for good." My own D&D "bucket list" includes not only modules but also some OSR-ish games I would like to play before my final days. To wit (and in no particular order):
What, or who I have always felt inside now has the name, the deed poll documents have arrived. Once it is witnessed I will legally be Ms Sy Juno Roche. I have yet to practise my signature, yet to say my name in public, in a queue, at the airport, at a job interview, on a date. It is one thing to have always felt this person inside but choosing a name is such an abstract endeavour. We are always named by our parents and to a certain extent I allowed my mother to commandeer this act. She said she could not call me Sarah, my preferred option and that it would be easier all round to go from Simon to Sy. I was allowed Juno as a middle name. I know this sounds fairly non committal of me to not choose my own name but we never do. At birth we are named, we stick with it or develop a nick name or an abbreviated version but essentially we keep it or work on the name we are given. It is so hard to, in middle age, pick a name for yourself. I hadn’t spent years dreaming of me as a Sy, Jane, Mary, Molly or Polly. I just dreamt I had hips and breasts and the ability to bear children and wear flattering maternity clothes. I was happy to not be stuck on a name, happy for my mother to take ownership of the part of the process that was really always rightfully hers. So she named me. As it happens I like the name, it rolls off the tongue with ease but now I have the hideous process of telling everyone but the maker of the kitchen sink that I am transgendered and now am Ms rather than Mr. My therapist and actually my mother have told me to make a list of everyone I need to tell; the bank, mortgage, bills, credit cards. Maybe I should leave the credit cards? And then to add two columns, one for letter sent and one for reply received. But every single entry on that list is an emotional journey, a potential confrontation with prejudice, a fear. My morbid fear of rejection, which in turn hides the fear that the world will find out I am not really Simon the he, the Mr, the Sir; at work. Now I know I want this journey and that in many ways I am ready for this journey; strong, determined, able to self medicate with Pinot and Sauvignon and becoming happy; for god sake I am wearing comfortable sloggis! But still it is daunting to know that from now on everyone I encounter will have the question in their minds; what are you? Even when I get to the point of passing, of truly looking like Sy; Hunters, skinny jeans, cashmere, the question will sometimes be present. Why did you leave that job? What have you been doing for the past forty years? No kids? Or that unexpected bit of paperwork or person that springs up. Friends reunited or Facebook. A tenuous connection that’s been long forgotten. A future full, packed full of bleak encounters. I am not being negative merely honest. I have a future that will partially be defined by the prejudice and acceptance of others. Me, the one who has always been so in control, just waiting, not passively, but still waiting to be named and shamed.
Hello to everyone. I can't believe it is less than a month now til Christmas. I think it is really important in this crazy time of year to stop and pause for a minute and see what God has done this year in our lives. We started the year with high hopes of one of the best years of our lives, so many great things were going to happen this year.....well, they just didn't. The highlights though have been great.....the arrival of our granddaughter Alexia Laine, and some relationships restored that had been a long time broken. As for the rest if you can scroll through the blogs and get a bit of an idea.
#3 Haand Bryggeri Dark Force (Imperial Stout)
This, I think, is life experienced as a poem. A portal into which the living God enters, and, by His invitation, draws us into a bigger Story, the only one that matters.
We've received a lot emails with the same question: Am I supposed to include a return address or take credit for this package?
I saw these cute little frozen yogurt dots all over Pinterest and on various websites this week and knew I had to try them. Henry is a huge fan of yogurt so I was sure they would go over well. Plus, they're incredibly easy to make.
Cut the glass bracelet blanks into equal sized four pieces. Our pieces are about 2-1/4 inch long by 3/4 inch wide each, but your size may vary depending on the size bracelet you want to make. We used our tile saw (a MK Diamond 158252 MK-145 1/2-Horsepower 4-1/2-Inch Wet Tile Saw) to cut the glass. If we were to make the bracelet again, we would fuse the four pieces the size we want rather than fuse one large blank and then cut it into pieces with the tile saw.
· One position requires a working knowledge of Siebel inclusive of client, ADP and internal ADP department CRM interactions and dependencies.
Forgive me if this sounds sacrilegious, but from my perspective there is not a lot of formal observance of Good Friday. Easter Sunday is already a non work day and most of the people I know are pretty pagan about their rituals.
-Garona.
In a constantly necessary effort to keep Jesus from being removed from ordinary human life, the Church has from the beginning proudly emphasized that Jesus was a carpenter, obviously trained by Joseph in both the satisfactions and the drudgery of that vocation. Humanity is like God not only in thinking and loving, but also in creating. Whether we make a table or a cathedral, we are called to bear fruit with our hands and mind, ultimately for the building up of the Body of Christ. http://www.americancatholic.org/features/saints/saint.aspx?id=1370
Maintenance is a life-long process designed to prevent the tendency to relapse into old patterns of thinking, feeling, and acting that can set the stage for a relapse to addictive use. The first task of maintenance is maintaining a recovery program that promotes prompt identification and management of problems. Next is a policy of effective day-to-day coping. People in maintenance are not free from problems, but they have learned how to manage problems efficiently without having to resort to alcohol or drugs. One AA member put it this way. “I measure my recovery not by how many problems I have, but by how well I manage the problems that I do have.” The next task is continued growth and development. The human mind, when free from alcohol or drugs, is designed to seek truth. Human beings continue to grow and change from the time we are conceived until the time we die. We are not free to choose whether we grow and change, we are only free to choose the direction of that growth and change. Addiction creates the innate tendency to grow in negative and self-destructive ways. For most recovering people positive growth and change requires constant attention to the details of life and living. To stay sober for a lifetime requires effective coping with life transitions and complicating factors. All people move through different periods of adult development that present different problems and challenges. In late recovery, people develop a sense of what normal adult development is all about and anticipate the changes they will undergo, as they grow older. They learn to accept each progressive stage of maturity with a sense of serenity. They surrender gracefully the ways of youth while embracing the ways of maturity.
If you go look at the NEET feature let me know what you think! This was about the FUNNEST interview Ive ever done! I love my babies.
150ml water
Maudany stood for the unity of marginalized Muslims, dalits, adivasis and other marginalized sections. Perhaps this was the real reason which threatened many politicians.
I have inked up "Magnolia Butterfly Dreams Collection - Tilda and her Bunny" and coloured her using my Copics. The papers are a selection from Nitwits and the ribbon, gems and flowers are from my stash.
