still a Saturday night, and the clock just struck midnight for him
The Valkyrie readied for war.
there were so many bombings in birmingham during the 60s that it earned the nickname bombingham. i am pretty sure i read that there were nearly 50. yes, that is five zero.
Hummm. What do I really want? I struggled for a second and then it came to me! I want to hear your audible voice God. I want to hear you more clearly in every way.
This release contains many bug fixes and some new applications. The binary packages could be installed with the installer by using the version “stable 4.3.4″ (or “stable latest”). In case you are upgrading your KDE installation, deselect the skip basic settings checkbox on the first installer page and press next until you are guided to the release settings page, where you can choose the required version.
I have another theory. I really dislike when people say that attackers, rapists, and other sexually violent criminals lack self-control. Predators are very much in control. They are hunters, like animals. They know methodically what they are in pursuit of, and they take steps to gain alliances, build trust and advance relationships with the total purpose of getting what they want out of the relationship- man, woman or child.
However I have heard of some celebrants lately who frown upon the serving of alcohol prior to and during the vows (or important ceremonial speeches), no matter whose day it is. Hmmm, I’m not so sure that they have a say and this is my argument:
Unlike other coupons that are sent on mail, or handed out in shopping malls, efaucets coupons do not require you to look around for them; you only need to log in to your computer and acquire them as per your shopping requirements. The efaucets.com promo code is the way to go especially for price conscious shoppers who need to get quality products conveniently and at a fair price. To access the efaucets promotional code, just log in to the site and select your preference. Get your efaucets coupon code today and access the best deals ever to transform your kitchen and bathroom.
夜之宁芙们——
I've had this skirt for a couple of years (last worn here back in July!). I love that it has so much embroidery on it, and the metal discs give it a nice edge. The pattern also goes all the way around the skirt - that's one of my beefs with things that are decorated on the front: why not do the back too?
Of course, if you take the tobacco company approach to the alcohol industry, of running a cash cow in a slowly declining market, minimum pricing makes a lot of sense, as it protects your margins and eliminates most price competition. But it is not in the interest of consumers.
The palate was fresh with bright, but not searingly high acidity, luscious citrus peel and honey together with a walnut bitterness, herbs and those beguiling saline and mineral, earthy notes that made it really interesting. There was a lovely long savoury salty finish like a pretzel and the fruit lingered too like peach skin in your mouth.
These people are who I think of when I think of the anniversary of Katrina. I think of the miracle of some of their lives. I think about how God blessed my family and made it so that a foundation repair that we did the year before saved our home. When my parents went back after the storm – the only things wrong were some broken concrete in the driveway and a blown down fence. Our house stood strong in that storm, even while the very house next to us crumbled to the ground. You can’t tell me that’s not God’s favor and blessing.
*~* Buy 1 for $3 or 2 for $5! *~*
The English term "undertaker" refers exclusively to funeral directors / morticians. (If this thread on the Coffin Talk forum is to be believed, "undertaker" was the preferred term before the 1930s; mortician had only a brief vogue in the late 1800s / early 1900s, and "funeral director" is currently in, though I knew a guy who called himself a mortician quite proudly.)
When the music ends I think to change the station,
Disney and Arsenal have been in quite close contact recently judging by reports in this morning’s Daily Telegraph. The newspaper some of you will recall introduced Fantasy Football to the wider footballing public and it seems they are intent on playing this game in full view of the readership. “Described as between £50m and £100m” could apply to anything that has been said over recent days. The AST, Mirror and other websites have mentioned the lower of those two figures; Steve Stammers’ Sunday Mirror column mentioned £57m which can be indeed be described as between £50m and £100m.
So we come to the question of what do we do. What exactly is our course of action here? I mean if we’re inherently sinful, separated from God and destructive to the point of death, what do we do? Why has God set us up for this? How is it fair that He gives us a way to atone for our sins but a sacrifice that isn’t worthy?
When I first announced to my friends that I had big news about a life change, most of them assumed that I was pregnant again. To be honest, that reaction surprised me. After all, when it comes to my reproduction system, I think, at 43, that I'm closer to that OTHER change then I am to expecting another bundle of joy. I think that I'm even looking forward to it.
Sorry for the posting delay everyone! Jami is in bed with a nasty nasty cold! Let's all send her cyber get well hugs!!!!
As a little reality check – I am sitting in a capital city, 200 miles from the border of our neighboring country, that is at the brink of civil war as I write this.
That is where we came in, we who staffed these time stations, the temporal junctions. Mostly, we were there to assist, put people back on their own time lines. See them safely on their journey with as little inconvenience and disturbance as possible.
I feel bad that I haven't posted more than 1-2 pictures of Adam so far. I guess I have some valid excuses, like that he was in the NICU for 13 days and that we are sort of in mayhem in our lives what with moving and having a preemie and whatnot, but still-post some pictures already Amber! Poor 4th kid doesn't want to be neglected.
Others may be familiar with the dish that is served on ‘Burns night’ on 25th January, to celebrate the great Scottish bard Robert Burns, accompanied by toasts, assorted speeches, and even the odd glass of whisky!
1. Thank the person who gave you the award.
Gee it's been ages since I last posted......
Wales were victorious on the rugby pitch, in the boxing ring... and almost - against all odds - on the football pitch.
Him: No, the other one was full of clothes, I opened it and thought someone could use those things!
Sinéad O’Connor Mandinka IRL
What's it all about, Alfie? Is it just for the moment we live
I have had the opportunity to get to know Health at Every Size proponent Ragen Chastain after interviewing her for my documentary America the Beautiful 2: The Thin Commandments. I was coming home from a screening of the movie when I received an email from Ragen alerting me to the fact that our first lady Michelle Obama was going on The Biggest Loser to proclaim the contestants as role models.
Modem What you did to the lawns
*Blog link on Challenge blog
FourSquare is an app used to check-in to locations throughout the country for discounts and other perks. You can share with your contacts where you go and discounts available. Some restaurants offer discounts on meal if you check-in at their location. You will be able to see where your contacts are based on their check-in, and can even check-in as a group. You can gain status the more you check-in.
Physical +emotional + spiritual connection=intimacy. Intimacy will stop the cycle of failed relationships. Intimacy is the answer to a long-lasting, healthy and fulfilled relationship with God, yourself and others.
"Oh." He pauses, taking in what i've said... and then..."i came this close..." He measures the tiny distance between his thumb and finger... "my wife and i did. We weren't expecting her to get pregnant, but then when she was, we got all wrapped up in our own selves and didn't think about the other life we should have considered. Thank God we made the right decision, and she's now the most beautiful 12 year old girl in the world."
Keeping myself busy. I spent some time cleaning off the window that I stripped yesterday. Then I started to putty the glass. Because this window is on first floor, I had to put it back in place until the putty cures. Then I will prime and paint.
Why stationery? It’s practical, it’s useful, it’s small and collectable, it says ‘own me’, it says that it can change your life in some small way for the better because it will help you become organised. It is tactile and nice to hold, it can look pretty or just be boringly functional, but it will always offer a world of possibilities. After all, once the electricity goes off, we want to know where we put the candles and soon afterwards you’ll be looking for a pen and paper. So in it’s own little way, stationery exists in all our lives, and we should celebrate that little fact. By buying more stationery. From Bureau Direct, of course.
Now, we are asking that fellow bloggers from the autism community put up a post about this horrible case of teacher bullying. We want this to get noticed. I want to see media attention.
Now approaching mile 4 we were getting closer to the halfway mark and yet we still took an hour and 45 minutes to get to this point. I can’t even begin to explain how exhausted we were at this point, I cringe just thinking about it. Quite literally everything was hurting. Most of it was a good hurt, though. A trail appeared as we started to get away from the mountain and we had to run through a narrow, hilly path for about a mile. This trail opened up to a lake where we saw Walk the Plank.
I also have to add that Dollish Polish has one of the largest selections of shades I've seen from an indie brand - so many to collect!
Dougal McNeil / In the Gap / 208
Due to the bullying I was so paranoid that I would constantly think that she was talking about me or something. The fact she admitted that most people ask her why she hangs out with me didn’t help. Eventually she said, If you don’t believe me than why are we friends. So I stopped being her friend. But after that things with my other peers got better some how. Kids stopped at least letting me hear them talk about me. the kid who sat next to me got nicer after realizing we listen to the same music.
- 1/3 cup Splenda
2 teas lemon juice 2 cups blueberries
The completely bloodless confrontation with the Vashta Nerada is fabulous - a real harkening back to the old-school... Threatening an alien predator with an entry in a book could only be done by the Doctor, couldn't it?!
For Christ in all His glory
Cardinal taught the boy at Mayville High School in Wisconsin. He told police they didn’t use protection as she was ‘kind of old’. When they had sex at her home her youngest child, aged two, was also home
But of course, you do not proceed to these initiatives unless your daily deliverables are ‘delivered’. First things first, as they say. But, at a point that you are running out of something to do, then you think of many available and workable ways to work on the aforementioned although there are cases in which you have to ask for your supervisor’s permission first or you have to discuss them with him/her first to check if it is something you are authorized to do or tackle or if the level you are on or your designation even permits it. Anyhow, below are ways by which you can be more productive in this regard:
Dear Age,
Between all the emails I get from Indigo, Amazon, and E-Bay, I felt like Erin Morgenstern’s Night Circus was being thrown at me in a million directions. I also thought that because it was being pushed so hard that maybe they had bought too many and were trying really hard to get rid of them. Regardless, I’m fascinated by the early 20th century, and with the old circus tradition, so I decided I’d give it a try.
This is a grand opening, because it is an opening of the heart, to say, “I am ready to love” —not just to have a love affair, not simply to love something or other, but to truly commit and to be in union, because that becomes and is a reflection of union with One.
Even though Laurel’s answer to the question is short, she writes long, beautifully descriptive books about average people to whom the reader instantly relates. This author is a retired social worker who grew up during the “hippy” days. She writes books about—you guessed it!—women of that generation and various social worker case histories; strong women who despite frightening twists and turns in their lives, go on to build good lives for themselves. Laurel is also a prolific blogger and keeps up with seventeen blogs… Ouch! She has written five intriguing books, including Web of Tyranny and Miles to Go. Laurel is also a popular Amazon reviewer. For more about this author, visit her websites:
"Presently, what Israeli forces are doing to Palestinians is worse than the Holocaust of the World War II"
But the story is not just about that. It isn’t just that painful distance, the touch of a hand that could mean the world in a simple second; how love hurts and you learn how to deal with it. That the moment it ends, you feel like your heart could burst.
“I am very reluctant to put myself out there to groups of moms with their kids. I often let my sons go and play with kids at the park and I will stand on the periphery as the other moms talk. I often feel excluded and thus am more reserved.”
Tomorrow - Friday - I'm off to MICHAEL SYDDALL PRIMARY SCHOOL, Catterick Village, to meet the children, staff and parents and open their new library. Very much looking forward to it.
We've also recommitted ourselves to cloth diapers and have been having great success! We've even successfully kept Lu's lovely diaper rashes at bay. In theory not having a job means I should have more time to blog, so we'll see how that goes :)
After a delayed flight from Philly (panic coming in to Cinci, I'll have to run to make my connection to Lexington! ...which was about 30 yds. from my arriving gate. Sometimes things just work out), I picked up my rental car, got a quick lunch (felt like Mex, felt like BBQ, went Mex and lucked into a brisket burrito: bonus!), and then hit Liquor Barn. Hansell and I figgered we'd have all kinds of bourbon and rye available, but no one at these things ever has the beers we want, so we made our own plans. I got a styro cooler, ice, and a sixer each of Bell's Two-Hearted and Great Lakes Ed Fitz Porter and Dortmunder, and a bottle of Stone XIII Anniversary just for fun. All set.
“As long as you respond to criticism by evaluating your potential, you will be tempted to give up. But when you respond by remembering who it is who has called you…it is a different story.”
Me: They look the same
While this is happening, Ronnie’s back! Remember him? He almost got the team killed in last season’s finale. We last saw him getting on a plane to a new location, which we learn to be somewhere in Europe. How did he manage that? He’s back in town to get ready for his testimony. Anyway, it’s his story that helps Mary figure out her dad’s motives.
Are you a homeowner in need of irrigation guidance? Are you an irrigation contractor that needs more information on new irrigation technology? Learn about irrigation
The hitcher watches, sees the grief of a 72 year old woman upon the death of her 97 year old mother, who had died slowly of cancer. And yet still was not prepared to be without her mom. The hitcher went to the kitchen, washed up a bit, put on the kettle, made tea, fed the cats. Venturing into the courtyard she saw some wilting plants, found a can, watered them. Still the dance of grief continued. The voyeur her eyes saw the periphery of the garden and it was bone dry.
I want my daughter back. Sometimes, I seem like I am doing well, and a lot of the times I am. But, the hurt and sorrow in my heart is not gone. It is still there and it will sneek up on me and the pain is strong and deep. I am so sad that I am writing about my daughter rather then caring for her.
DICTIONARY, n. A malevolent literary device for cramping the growth of a language and making it hard and inelastic. This dictionary, however, is a most useful work.
reliance is our saving grace
We Finished ... We Rocked the Parkway!
Bury me in a jukebox when I die
Remember that gorgeous primrose path I had two summers ago?
“Calm?” The pale man laughed harshly, his face breaking into a faint facsimile of a smile. “I will never be calm. I found Serenity and I lost it again. Lost it forever.”
Here are a few of my favorites hanging in her closet... all of these are from Baby Gap. A little ruffle-butt one piece pajama, adorable black & white ruffle dress to wear to a wedding we will be attending when she is approximately 2 months old, a denim jumper that I had my eye on forever, a white & grey star sleeper night gown & a denim overall skirt from grandma Bonnie! Seriously, I drool over this stuff. I can't wait to play dress up :)
Magic Ship set to rock The Clubhouse, West London's newest live music venue. 11th July, it'll be a double set from around 8.30. If you've seen us before. Come again. Tell your friends. If you've never seen Magic Ship live then make the effort and we'll put on a great show for you. Venue details here www.theclubhouse.ph Oooh...nice carvery!
12. Centre Of The World
“The noblest thoughts my soul can claim.
It existed in their dreams and invited all possibilities.
2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
Hey everyone....it's good to be back. Where have I been you ask.....no where in particular...just not here. I have been extremely busy. We purchased some merchandisers from a store closing and had to move all of that, as well as get it into my store. I have also had some health issues that have taken up a lot of my time lately. Nothing too bad or that can't be corrected but I am having to completely change my lifestyle. This is very time consuming and I can only ask for your patience and prayers while I am making these adjustments. We haven't been getting a lot of new things in at the store as I have been trying to wait until we go to the Trade Show in Chicago the last week of July. I want to save all of my money to get the NEW stuff so please again, bare with us. I cleaned up the back room last week and came across some pics of when we first opened and was amazed at how empty the store was. At the time I felt as is we had sufficient inventory but boy was I wrong. There is now not a square inch in the store that is not taken up. Over the next few weeks we will be running several specials to clear out some of the older lines to make room for the new ones so be sure to stop in often. I thought I would post some pics of the flower beds outside as well as the store and some of our recent projects just to update everyone on the changes we are going through. I hope you enjoy and again, please be patient with me as await the new merchandise from the show and as I make some adjustment in my personal life.
9. We used to use cinderblocks for a bed frame
Jemima Rooper does well as Amanda, making the usual time travel difficulties feel natural; as an enormous fan of Pride and Prejudice, she can navigate, but not nearly as well as she thinks she can. (She ends up having to convince Bingley she’s gay so that he’ll pursue Jane and not her—it’s not her fault, it’s her boobs. Yes, really.) I picked this up on the strength of Alex Kingston, my beloved River Song, and she doesn’t disappoint, managing to give Mrs. Bennet some humanity and backbone while still overacting. It’s quite amazing. Huge Bonneville’s Mr. Bennet is darling; Guy Andrews writes wonderful dialogue for him and expands on his character well. Tom Mison makes for a sweet Mr. Bingley, although Amanda’s attempts to put the novel back on track soon changes that, and Darcy is played quite broodingly by Elliot Cowan, described by my friend as the British Matt Damon. Lost in Austen makes Wickham, Caroline Bingley, and even Lady Catherine into sympathetic characters, revealing things that, as Amanda puts it, Jane Austen would have been shocked to learn she’d put in there. (Mr. Collins, however, becomes hideously repulsive and creepy here.)
When you read about marketing or PR, you quickly gain a level of familiarity with basic concepts and techniques that show up in every other post. Advice on how to write good headlines, craft engaging content, deal with your stakeholders in a respectful way, all of that stuff is repeated so often that it needs no saying among PR folks. Or at most, it needs only a casual reminder every once in a while.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps004, first published online: March 2, 2012
Yes, Saudi Arabia, the country where a gang-rape survivor was sentenced to jail for agreeing to get into a car with an unrelated male and needed a royal pardon; Saudi Arabia, where a woman who broke the ban on driving was sentenced to 10 lashes and again needed a royal pardon; Saudi Arabia, where women still can’t vote or run in elections, yet it’s considered “progress” that a royal decree promised to enfranchise them for almost completely symbolic local elections in — wait for it — 2015. So bad is it for women in Saudi Arabia that those tiny paternalistic pats on their backs are greeted with delight as the monarch behind them, King Abdullah, is hailed as a “reformer” — even by those who ought to know better, such as Newsweek, which in 2010 named the king one of the top 11 most respected world leaders. You want to know how bad it is? The “reformer’s” answer to the revolutions popping up across the region was to numb his people with still more government handouts — especially for the Salafi zealots from whom the Saudi royal family inhales legitimacy. King Abdullah is 87. Just wait until you see the next in line, Prince Nayef, a man straight out of the Middle Ages. His misogyny and zealotry make King Abdullah look like Susan B. Anthony.
American commanders in the Far East command were disappointed in Britain’s failure to invade Burma in the spring of 1944, and in Wingate, they found a champion to their cause. For the Americans, Wingate had done what a much larger army had declined to risk doing.
American law expressly prohibits funding of Palestinian buildings and projects that use any portion of their budgets to aid, promote, glorify or honor terrorists or terrorism. That's been an entrenched principle since Oslo. Yet Fatah and the Palestinian Authority have done exactly that with impunity for years, even under 'moderate' Mahmoud Abbas.
with a saucer and one lump with some milk
I’m not going to bother doing the research to find out the guys name that directed it or wrote it. I just know he’s a makeup effects artist who wanted to make a name for himself by directing his first feature. Buddy, please stick to makeup. If there is one redeeming quality to this movie, it’s definitely the gore, which looks for the most part practical and is pretty realistic, which is always a plus. That being said, everything else in this movie is so bad that the gore is like a flower growing out of cow crap. Seriously, I’d rather sit through an elementary school rendition of Rent than watch anything by this guy again.
After a very bumpy rickshaw ride, I arrive at Mr. Bollywood’s Delhi office, where I drink a china cup of chai and quickly eat four biscuits eagerly offered by the housekeeper. Mr. Bollywood’s manager hoists my backpack onto his shoulder and heads out the door. Still swallowing biscuit crumbs, I follow him to an air conditioned car which will take us to the yellow farmhouse that accommodates Mr. B. I have a ton of questions about where we’re headed, but get the impression from the manager’s constantly ringing phone that he’s not one for chatting. I keep schtum. This effort to be silent is aided by the gloriousness of air con. I’d forgotten how lovely it is to not sweat inside a moving vehicle.
The US were planning on the fact that Iran had prepared to shut down the Strait of Hormuz another way. Realizing they couldn’t match the United States Naval power and that land based missiles could easily be targeted by the United States Air Force the Iranians have secretly been spending years digging massive tunnels and underground bases. As part of these operations Iran dug out a series of tunnels that lead to underwater silos along their coast from which they can release mines and fire torpedoes without being detected.
Onto #3 craft for the week. Our dining room table is finally complete and I've been looking for ways to decorate the dining room which is why I haven't posted final pictures - they are coming soon. Anyway, I found a very cute Easter centerpiece for our table.
250g or 8 and three quarter oz strong flour plus extra for dusting
Fiesta!
1. This was one of the residents in the house.
At last, may there yet be justice for the Hillsborough 96.
I was really nicely surprised by this beer -- even moreso than the Hook & Ladder Lighter. The look is a bright, sunny yellow; it becomes light orange when held up to a lamp. The head is thick, but not long-lasting. There is some minor icy lace. Clear for the most part, but containing a light haze.
“That’s okay,” said the clerk, picking up a pencil and a pad of paper stamped with the Lavender House logo, “just tell me and I’ll make a note of what you need.”
I am so proud of us.
Under the Patents Act 1977, s. 82(4)(b), the Patents Court had jurisdiction to decide who was entitled to the European applications.
The project initiated staff development activities adopting a “tell me and I will forget, show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand” principle. Over a three-week conditional-release (conditional access to each stage, based on completion of the previous stage, but also with a view to creating a shared experience among the participants, conducive to starting conversations) course, academics were given the opportunity to learn online in the form of an experiential collaborative course carrying out activities from both student and academic perspective. An example is submitting work via Turnitin and encountering an Originality Report, followed by setting up a Turnitin assignment and marking a piece of work. This helps to address tentativeness related to this high stakes activity.
While I was gearing up to call her back, my phone rang. It was one of the other girls, offering to meet me for a drink so that I didn't go home and sit there feeling crap all night. I grabbed the key and a quick hug, then hopped back on the tube into town to the pub, having gratefully taken both friends up on their offers.
This brings us to the question of good governance. The place where I was is a bad example, but let me try to give a good flavour as to what the concept means to me. It does not mean keeping all the stakeholders involved happy. It does not mean keeping the bosses happy; it means to an extent to keep you happy. What good governance means to me is the following – ability to look at a long term agenda and correspondingly get people who buy into the premise sufficiently excited to give their very best at it. This has multiple advantages. If you can make people buy into the premise, you can avoid the day to day meaningless skirmishes that happen in office. It will happen, but people will do it for a larger reason, not because they are frustrated. The best managers in the world have always been ones who are tolerant and have been able to convince, and hence inspire people to a greater glory. The meaning of mid level management is not to bow down to the wishes of the superiors ate all points in time, but if need be, stand up for your team. It has to do with being obedient, but not submissive. It has to do with being assertive, not overly aggressive. Moreover, a good manager should be accomplished and have a good track record. Only then will he be able to gain their respect and have them listen to him.
5. Astronomy Cast - This popular astronomy podcast is aimed at amateur astronomers, but also provides educational material for more advanced learners. Several new episodes are published each month and old episodes are archived so that listeners can review information they may have missed.
Marston’s sales figures told him another story. He believed the young male readers of Wonder Woman were shouting: “We love a girl who is stronger than men, who uses her strength to help others and who allures us with the love appeal of a true woman!”
So, I've gotten a fair few blogging awards this year and I thought it was time to give the love back!
I have no illusions that everyone will agree with my conclusions. That’s OK. I’m giving voice to my journey because maybe there are others who feel trapped in paid ministry and maybe there are some who are considering paid ministry as a vocation. Todd D Hunter wrote, “We don’t need to add ‘spiritual’ activities to our life as much as we need to make our actual, everyday life spiritual. What we typically think of as ‘spiritual’ often ends up creating a false dualism” (Christianity Beyond Belief, 115).
I found a generic recipe on the internet, so essentially it went like this:
In explanation of what being a husband-head means, Lepine says,
1/2 cup light coconut milk (second extract)
But not a drop of sparkling liquor spilled
Color is dark pomegranate and brown hues with unbleached linen color foam that dissipates rather swiftly but leaves a wonderful ring. Caramel malt, apple, plum, and sugary molasses dance in the aroma. Sipping the brew brings a lace of candi (rock) sugar to the lips while pear, caramel, dark fruit, cinnamon, and a slight bitterness to the palate.
God's morality or anyone else's has no place in education about it.
4 shallots
This is it. The last day of this work related madness. Usually it begins mid August and goes for those in my position until the end of inventory but with the store opening it began in May. I finally get to relax a little. Which means big plans for tomorrow!
Donnelly told WND that the statistics show a more than 20 percent increase in reported sexual assaults on males.
Holly got a letter Friday with a long two-page questionnaire she's already returned, and she'll be in a jury pool for three weeks or so in April and May.
It was unbeaten. It came against an England team which re-gained the Ashes for the first time in almost 20 years against Australia just 12 months later. He captained the team and the West Indies had been comprehensively beaten in the previous three tests, getting bowled out for less than 100 twice.
And yet…that coin can only take us so far. It is not the coin of the realm in which I want to live, in which I believe I do live. Reality, it seems to me, is bigger than such simple “realism” allows for; there’s another dimension to it. For example, I could have gotten the realistic version of this morning by watching the weather channel—but that wouldn’t have been the whole story, would it?
This is how it looked before the grout:
The most shocking element to this is that these vile people, all to willing to verbally abuse a vulnerable stranger from the safety of their £600,000 house, are likely parents themselves. Shame on them, the unhappy cowards.
She may be growing up, but I think she'll still need my help for a while. And why do we do all this?
I have chickens. They have to be let out in the morning and put up at night. Their feeder and waterer have to be filled. Their eggs have to be collected. My next door neighbors, who have five kids of their own (one welcomed to the family in June...about two weeks after Mac was born) did this for me until the day Mac came home in September. I didn't have to choose between getting rid of them and coming home before dark every night. It was a huge burden lifted.
Meet at the Visitors Center, Top of the Hill, Fort Greene Park. For more information, call 718-391-8824.
5) RugRats
Estates don’t descend to heirs until someone dies. So the younger son’s request, “give me my share of the estate,” means, in effect, “I wish you were dead. I have no affection for you, no filial respect for you. I don’t want to be part of your family. I just want your stuff — my stuff — right now.” The younger son’s circumstances may get worse. But his behavior hits rock bottom right out of the gate.
While looking around the interwebs for interesting science, I came across a really cute video of an octopus carrying a tin can and using it as a shelter. I know that there is a very cephalopod-heavy science-esque blog around the place, and I’m not trying to tread on their toes, but this is really cool.
Well, that is all from me today, thanks for stopping by and
When Georgia scored a game-winner against Tennessee he said: "We just stepped on their face with a hobnailed boot!"
Kiss Me Deadly
Thanks for being my chum.
But this one did meet some buyer resistance: it started off life as a resale in May of last year at $3.6 million, a hefty price that, when the agent asked me, I said was too high. I suspect it was the owners rather than the agent who insisted on this price – after all, they’d paid $3.125 million for it in 2004 and probably thought the value of their house had gone up since then. But they eventually saw the light or at least a dim glimmer of it and after two price reductions, found a buyer. I wouldn’t think they’ll get as much as that 2004 price but these days, who knows? They might even have a bidding war on their hands. Sheesh.
Study claimed in 2009 that sea levels would rise by up to 82cm by the end of century – but the report’s author now says true estimate is still unknown.
Gareth David-Lloyd – Ianto Jones
Have you grown tired of the music you actually like?! Are you ready to listen to some music that none of your friends have ever heard of?! Would you like to spend money to listen to some music compiled by a group of strangers?! Okay, maybe it isn’t a group…Just me.
Hey there, everyone! This is Leslie D. Soule, and I’m here to talk about my novel Fallenwood, and about the dragons of Fallenwood in particular. I’m writing Fallenwood as a small series. In Book 1, I’ve introduced two types of dragons – the Great Dragon, Illeydra, prophet of that mystical force known as The Eternal that is Fallenwood’s divine power, and the Dragons of the Dawn. I guess these could both be categorized as “good dragons” – the kind that do things like usher in the new day and tell people about their destinies. I haven’t had these dragons destroy things or eat people or any of the things that other, ruder sorts might do. As far as dragons go, they’re fairly well-behaved.
Sweepstakes Starts: August 03, 2011 @ 08:00 am (EDT)
I'm exposed
January always starts out so organized and full of promise. I cut fresh veggies and put those in tupperware for the week. I packed healthy lunches, had fresh fruit, finished laundry. I even started using my own fabric warmer for my daily Starbucks Venti Awake Tea. I was ready for the week as I always am in early January. And it paid off. I ate pretty healthy, had low-stress morning, and time in the evenings for exercise and things. I exercised 5 nights which was my goal. But I know this organization doesn't always last past mid-January so I am taking note of what works. I realize if we grocery shop in the morning on Sunday, I am more willing to cut veggies than if we wait until later in the day to shop. I am paying attention to the things that will make it hard to keep this up. I did already lose my fabric warmer and have no idea where it is so I need to find that but the rest of the week went well.
If we're ever going to repeal liberal BS I guess we might as well start in the toilet. Evidently this is the way KY. Senator Rand Paul feels as well. Paul told Department of Energy assistant secretary on energy efficiency, Kathleen Hogan, that the gubment needed to get it's nose out of our toilets. Specifically what he said was this:
to get in believe it or not
I feel the beating of its heart
Next, it was the cable TV. When the repair man showed him the frayed wires that were the source of his trouble, George knew that it was tiny teeth that were responsible for the damage.
So I'm sitting there sort of listening to the TV as I suck down my first cup of coffee of the morning and I hear his voice. I'm thinking "Oh the sham-wow shit is on again" but noooo he's shilling for some silicon super roller thingy.
And they told me I don't need to worry.
Secretly I always wish for a prince or hot piece of ass to sit next to me on flights. Mostly I just get overweight old ladies or people who don’t speak English and smell funny. So when you plopped your hot ass on the treadmill next to me you can imagine what went through my mind. No, you have no clue what went through the pea-sized brain of mine do you? B-I-N-G-O, read my internal banter between me and secretly, you.
The plan should include the overall desired result, clear, progressive steps, acceptable standards and timelines, and benchmarks so you know the plan is working.
white + red & or yellow + a little blue = beige.
The first commenter makes a rather obvious observation:Most Internet comments are pretty juvenile. Unamused, you do have something of a sardonic writing style that would come off as rather mean-spirited and hateful to those not in agreement with your world-view, so it would seem rather petty to complain about others being insensitive towards the Jews.Sardonic Unamused goes hyperbolic where jewish interests are concerned: “Insensitive towards the Jews,” in this case, means genocidal anti-Semitism.Not being a frequent reader of his I would appreciate it if someone who is could point out where Unamused has expressed such concern about genocidal anti-Whitism. Or perhaps where he explains that it's actually suicidal.Jewish conspiracy theories and anti-Jewish racism (basically, any time you make a claim about all Jews) are no longer permitted on Unamusement Park. An upcoming post will clarify our position.This seems to have caught at least a few regular consumers of Unamused's black "conspiracy theories" and anti-black "racism" by surprise. Others are delighted. The bashing of Whites Unamused hates will continue unabated.
David Farrar takes the stand.
I take unto
I hope you get the same kick out of making nut milk that I do. Once you taste the difference between home made and store bought nut milk, I am pretty sure you’ll be convinced to make the switch! You can use nut milk anywhere you use regular milk - in cooking, baking, smoothies, coffee & tea, and of course on your breakfast cereal. Not to mention that the nut milk you make yourself is totally natural, raw, sugar-free, additive-free, and preservative-free, so it’s the best choice for your health. Always.
One of the most vocal, Brooklyn Bear's Garden coordinator Jon Crow, has even called it the "urina," provoking pushback from arena boosters.
Saturdays - school week in review post
I have two cats and found this book to be like a little mirror, reflecting my life. Whether it's walking on keyboards or deploying "personal signatures," my cats would fit purrfectly into the pages of this book.
Our most successful mother was a Bobsy-Bobs, she was a Black English Game Hen - she had one first prize in the all England showing of "wet-feathered" hens (don't ask its too complicated); her brood of six little cockerels thrived under her bustling, clucking, coaxing and cooing. I remember watching her, in the heat of the afternoon she calling them all to her, spreading out her wings and sheltering them from the sun.
As you breathe in, silently say: Your Kingdom Come
You are some amazing people with fantastic stories and thoughts on tea! Thank you!
come to Kin on business trips and bring me one or two 250-gm packets
I always thought that mothers favoured sons. It seemed to me that sons were the golden boys, the boys who could do no wrong and the reason for the bright light in their mothers eyes. I was wrong and I didn't understand this until I had my own son. Mothers and sons have a unique relationship, it is not better nor is it lesser. It is not more special or less special than the bond between mothers and daughters, it is just different.
like pens are rare in the world
when the bee stings,
Shadow isn't very photogenic. In real life she's a beautiful, shiny, well-muscled, black cat with big expressive golden eyes and a cute smiling mouth. Her coat is black with dark brown tones. She has a strong personality and fits well with Jack. None of this comes across in her photos.
Here is what you are doing wrong, CNN.
I'm just keeping you up to speed.
I don’t really need Ellen’s help. I could try it by myself, but she likes joining us. She does the same if I am riding Cruiser. It is great having a companion like Ellen, and the horses think so too. they really like her, and I spend a lot of time keeping them from trying to nibble her.
I could work on the kitchen.
When Margaret turned out to be one of the winners of the 2008 Undiscovered Voices - I am ashamed to say I was astounded. Astounded at how I had no idea what a talent she was. Yup, you can spend a lot of time chatting to someone about their writing without realizing that that person was something of a genius.
Narrator That’s not very nice Ben! I suppose you’ll have to amuse yourself Bill.
Nine of the 12 agents submitted to polygraph exams, while three chose not to cooperate.
I have frankly been dismissive of widely expressed fears that Obama would or could carry off a coup d’etat to establish himself as an American dictator. The problem, however, is that Obama has surrounded himself with Cabinet Secretaries and a shadow government of “czars” that would likely support him if he were to attempt such an audacious move.
*”You know I write stories.” “You’re still doing that?”
Strength: Norfolk St is one of the best defensive teams in the MEAC. Teams are shooting just 40.5 percent from the field and 29.9 percent from behind the three-point line against the Spartans. In addition to that, they’re forcing over 14 turnovers a game too. That’s the kind of defense that has allowed this team to run off 25 wins, which is a lot for MEAC school.
Level 17: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 162 seconds, Damage: +34%, Critical Rate: +16%, Minimum Critical Damage: +9%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
You're my adventure and I'm your treasure
Jay Manuel also spoke out about the end of his run on the CW show on his blog today. In a really sweet and heartfelt statement he thanked all the fans for watching and supporting them thru the years.
i believe in the 3 R's - reduce, reuse, and recycle! (i actually wrote a term paper in college about this) - i believe in buying a house already in place and renovating it to what you want your house to be - not to be a thief! - and if you know anything about builders who buy this land - it's all about time lines and getting the job done the cheapest way possible .. cheapest of everything in the home and built poorly
I started my embroiding by using thick wool-yarn on fleece, it was something on a hood, it’s still unfinished and my big sister has it somewhere just to scare me some day. That’s how I started at my SCA-lifestyle somewhere circa 1998.
After reading a magazine article that insists if a woman has slept with at least 20 people that they have already missed Mr. Right, marketing executive Ally Darling (Anna Faris) begins to panic, thinking that she will be alone forever. With the help of her hunky new neighbor (Chris Evans), Ally starts tracking down all her ex-boyfriends, hoping to find her real true love while she helps him escape his latest fling. Hilarious hijinks and adventure ensues as Ally goes on her wild search for the best "ex" of her life, only to find what she is looking has been right in front of her all along.
I wish you all a peaceful and joyous new year, but remember, we stand on the cusp of history, where we stand in ten year from now will determine whether our history is over, or whether we as a people will have faced down a deadly foe and emerged, harmed certainly, scarred without question, wiser we hope, but still as a nation, intact and with a future.
The royal state of Rajasthan is known as a hub of monuments. Whatever part of this royal state you will travel in you will find several monument attractions depicting its rich culture and glorious past. Staying at elegant forts & palaces takes you into ancient world of royalty. It is where there past comes alive. You will come across different monuments of the state on your Rajasthan tours. Cities of the state are also worth exploring. Cities have well preserved several monument attractions to offer its visitors to explore and cherish. City palaces of the state are worth visiting and exploring. Jaipur – the capital city of India has several monument attractions like forts, palaces and temples. City Palace, Jantar Mantar, Hawa Mahal, Jal Mahal, Amber Fort & Palace, Nahargarh Fort, Jaigarh Fort, etc are worth visiting attractions of the state and have great position in Rajasthan tour packages.
Paragraph 11 is an example of what many consider to be antiquated language in the Constitution, particularly with reference to the terms “Letters of Marque and Reprisal” and “Bill of Attainder.” Yet many terms considered to be antiquated not only have relevance to our modern day, but they also offer a window into the attitudes and historical events that created the United States. Only by understanding their context is it possible to understand the issues to which the Constitution speaks—then, and now.
Standing in the way of the Disruptors is Luther Arkwright, a human anomaly who exists only in a single universe, a man of vast psychic powers and capable of traveling between the parallel realities to counter the Disruptor's influence.Ever wanted to see the Bayeux Tapestry destroyed by ray guns? Are you in luck, than!
here, but I won't! It's the songs that do the matter, right?
It is a festive soup with an earthy wholesome taste.
At least half a year anyway.
Try the Brompton Oratory
OAK is just a week old - ‘A NEW KID ON THE BLOG ‘ and the attention it has received from the WordPress family is truly overwhelming.
I bought this fabric for $6.99 a yard, so this scarf cost me all of $1.50. That's right -- $1.50! I just love it and this morning when I went out to run a few errands I had two strangers stop me to ask where I had bought it. One thing I love about this scarf is that you can encourage it to twist, which is really a cute effect, see...
Dinner was delivered by two young women. The Prime Minister put ketchup on his dog, "and both men ate the dogs pretty quickly," pool reported. Mr. Cameron sipped a cola, while the President sipped water. Attire was casual: Mr. Obama wore slacks, a blue and white checkered shirt and a light jacket; Mr. Cameron wore blue jeans and a black long-sleeve shirt.
To be safe, I’m offering the voucher to any Malaysian marketeer who does not have Google Adword account yet.
University of Natal; the University of the Western Cape,
One of the main reasons why most people join the EDL is to protest against both Islamoterrorism and its cheerleaders in our mosques, Muslim organisations, etc. It is Islamic terrorism which appals the average EDL member. So why would a person who supports the EDL have anything other than disgust for the actions of this Norwegian nutcase? You don’t fight Islamoterrorism by acts of terrorism. That perverse stance is reminiscent of Trotskyists (SWP/UAF) using red fascist techniques, and even red fascist ideas, in or to ‘smash fascism’. You don’t fight terrorism with terrorism. You fight terrorism by fighting against the ideas or the ideologies (e.g., Islamism) which give rise to terrorism. You fight the terrorists and their organisations. You don’t commit the same crimes as the terrorists in order to defeat the terrorists.
And warned us off his land,
As summarised by Agenda 21
The choice is yours whether to join a group tour, backpack or free and easy driving on your own.
Nope. We have used the tar out of it and it is holding up great so far!
Length: Full Length (185 pgs)
About the book, from the publisher:When you open your eyes things already seem to be happening without you. You don't know who you are and you don't remember where you've been. You know the world has changed, that a catastrophe has destroyed what used to exist before, but you can't remember exactly what did exist before. And you're paralyzed from the waist down apparently, but you don't remember that either.
It was not known if Mubarak was in the palace, one of at least three in Cairo, or even in the capital. The palace was protected by four tanks and rolls of barbed wire, but soldiers did nothing to stop more people from joining the rally.
So many people realize the spiritual guardianship that is afforded through these unique and mind-blowing designs. Whomever chooses to opt for such a piece, will have a tattoo that they will cherish for the rest of their lives.
Many banks and lenders changed their core values to capitalise on the huge profits to be made from irresponsible lending and dubious business transactions. In 2008 and the preceding years, many great institutions fell. Those who remain never changed their core values.
Romans 8: 1-4
Technique: Watercoloring
Dear Bird Who Used My Car to Commit Suicide This Morning, I realize you are no longer with us, however, I want you to know that you upset me very much! I cried, dude! I can't handle the fact that my presence on this planet ended your life. I just can't. Why did you pick MY car? For reals. I would tell you to never do that again, but, let's face it...I know you won't. Just say'n. This brought back memories of the Squirrel Incident of 2008. Those are NOT happy memories. I wish you hadn't re-surfaced them. I am sorry that you are dead. Very sorry. And very sad. Just say'n. -Your very sad suicide accomplice
“Needles, Marge. I'm all out. D'you have any fresh spikes?”
Bus stop billboards in the UK are using facial recognition technology to scan faces and decide whether the viewer is a man or woman. Located in London’s West End, the billboards are equipped with high-definition cameras that are used to scan passers-by’s facial features.
Hello to all those who think I may have fallen off the face of the earth lol! I have been one busy Meemaw these days! I am watching two of my grands that are 6 months old and only 4 days apart. They keep this Meemaw on her toes that's for sure. I have been taking lots and lots of pictures over the past 6 months and have come across this fabulous digital scrapbooking software! My Memories Suite is so easy to use, and has the most wonderful selections of backgrounds, templates, and do-dads that you can add to your scrapbooks! I have tried other software, and have found My Memories Suite the most user friendly. So in say that I want you to all be able to take advantage of this software, so My Memories is generously going to give away to one lucky person their own copy. Here are the rules to enter:
Writer and director Sion Sono is truly brilliant at creating movies with deeper meanings, social commentaries that are aimed right at the heart of some very difficult subjects like the suicide rate in Japan, the cause and effect of the generation gap and how these problems may be directly attributed to so many teens committing suicide from feelings of being lost, alienated, and misunderstood. But not just teenagers, people in general who are miserable and disconnected. His understanding and insights into how people think, whether it be an individual or an entire generation, is just so astounding to me. Though I have only seen a few of his films so far, what I can see in each of his movies is the theme of family and really dissecting the dynamics of the families who struggle with communicating, and he doesn’t approach any point of view in a patronizing tone but gives each voice from each character an open forum to speak their mind, whether it be the child or the parent. Sono unapologetically makes some very controversial statements in his films, often times using violence and murder as a stage point to shake the audience out of apathy and then drive home a deeper meaning behind it all. Suicide Club is a perfect example of just how far Sion Sono takes his films in an attempt to make comments about the darker side of society, the level of violence, gore and brutality is so extremely difficult to watch that it’s like he’s saying WAKE THE F**K UP AND LETS TALK ABOUT WHY PEOPLE ARE KILLING THEMSELVES!
Interviewer: A young Nigerian man tried to blow up an American airplane. What is the origin of this behavior? What is your reaction? Who bears responsibility for this behavior?
Faith, Love, and family.
stuffing ourselves full of fried pickles, french fries, and lemonade,
Well, I am off to Illinois for a few days for my cousin's wedding.
Hyun Suk is having a good time helping out Hae Yong and Team Leader Han finds him absent from office. When she calls him, he hangs up because he’s busy. Next morning, Woo Hyun is taking it all out on the treadmill and his manager wonders whether he’s going to be alright. Woo Hyun furiously mutters, “Those guys can live like that all they want, what’s it to do with me?” Seung Yeon meanwhile is practicing with In Young but can’t do well since she has caught a cold. Ji Woo worries for her. She heads to the bathroom where she tries to practice more until Chang Min walks in. Seeing her, he heads back out, telling her he’ll come back later. She heads out to the lounge and finds the Jae Ah’s phone ringing. He answers and it’s regarding a gig.
But, as someone tweeted, in the recent Twitter flurry of Shakespearean Murdoch quotes - Let he who is without PIN hack the first phone…
Add to that, the new Associate Justice, Elana Kagan, should have recused herself from hearing the case, having served as a Solicitor General in the Obama administration. The Court, however, defended her participation. As President Obama’s top advocate, Kagan headed the office responsible for formulating the administration’s defense of Obamacare—and oversaw the arguments both on appeal and in the lower courts because of its national importance. If that is not a conflict of interest, nothing is.
When you are tense, let me teach you to relax.
EV1 - The Plague - In Love / Wimpy Bar Song (Oct 1979)
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Trickster
What can I say about myself really, haha! Well, I'm Lyndsey Meaghan and I'm from a small town called Barnesville, Georgia. I grew up there and moved to Thomaston, Georgia when I was 11, and I'm hoping to move to Atlanta somewhere down the road! My job is to book and set up photo shoots for events such as fashion shows, parties, events, meetings, etc. I graduated from Penn Foster High School and I'm now signing up to get my Associates Degree in Fashion Merchandising. My interests include reading, photography, fashion, thrifting, drawing, poetry, designing, painting... Basically anything that has to do with art. :)
The Flip Mino – Style and Usability
Finally, it’s Insoo’s win!! Bbara bbaram~!!
And when we’re stuck, He is mighty enough to help us! Sometimes that is manifest in “out of the blue” financial or material gifts. At other times it is revealed in a person’s comforting word or a friend to pray with. And in yet more times it is shown in other ways not known me, or at least not to my memory! In short, my point is thus: He is able to meet our needs and can do so in a variety of ways.
I don't know how we hit the rock and why we were both catapulted over the handlebars when it happened; we certainly weren't traveling at an outrageous speed. What I do know is when my dad's front tire hit the rock, my hard-earned trust shriveled up like an injured banana slug.
there is a price
Every street is an adventure and every road becomes a trip.
The cats are hiding because the dogs are running around. We've caught a couple glimpses of Rosco but Celia is tucked away somewhere - no doubt planning her grand entrance. It may take a little while but I'm sure everyone will get used to each other and things will settle down.
But now is not then. Circumstances alter cases; life in Britain, indeed Europe, today is very different from life in the Third Reich. So one should try to see things as they appeared to a teenager in Danzig who, as a member of the Hitler Youth, had been, as he admits in his memoir, “a Young Nazi … a believer to the end”, one who saw his “Fatherland threatened, surrounded by enemies.” Wouldn’t it have been more remarkable if he had thought otherwise? He was a lower-middle-class boy in Danzig, reared on Nazi propaganda, even though he had heard his gentle and loving shopkeeper mother express reservations about the Führer – she preferred Rudolf Hess – and say she couldn’t understand “why they’ve got it in for the Jews. We used to have a haberdashery sales rep by the name of Zuckermann. As nice as could be and always gave a discount.”
For the last few months the Israelis have visited several cities in the northern part of Norway, where they have sold products from Nature’s Heaven, a company based in the Dead Sea region in Israel. They have never experienced anything like this before.
My going-away present from my Aussie family arrived in the mail, today. They’d heard me express an interest in Ugg boots, before leaving, and decided to buy me a pair. So, I got to look at a website for genuine Aussie Uggs, with real wool in them, and have them mailed to me (because I didn’t need any more weight in my suitcases). Taking into account that I don’t really like the look of the tan colored ones, and that the Cardy socks make them look pretty cool, I opted for the chocolate brown color, and I think I chose well.
Customization Options
I have had this one place in my living room that really needed something, but everything I purchased didn't look great. So, I decided to make something. This is one of my most favorite quotes, it helps me remember not to take the everyday grind of life too seriously. I need to look at it everyday! And what better place than in my living room?!
Dealing with the way he's been acting, doesn't make trying to get him to eat "big people" food any easier. I finally pout my foot down recently and will not cook him his own meal of either, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, fish sticks or mac and cheese anymore. He has to eat what we eat for dinner. We're on day five today and it's been awful to say the least.
chord
Wants to hold her hand
Angelo lay down, and holding the bone between his paws, proceeded to gnaw away on the tasty treat.
I had fun today with this one. I bought the whole set of these stamps when they first came out and have to admit this is the first time I have used one.
I'll update with a new post tonight - and add the pictures I took this morning to it, as I've left my camera at the pub.
Marker - Memento Dual tip in Potter's Clay
where as the pattern had pink and lavender--
Publication year: 2010
I've never failed at loving you,
Busy day and want something quick and easy? This is...and you can use it as a base and make variations to your heart's content by adding whatever veggies you want, etc.
That right there made all the work, and all the vinyl issues and waiting worth it. I am so happy that Sawyer has a room that is all about him and expresses his personality and loves.
there isn't one.
09-The Rhythm Of The Heat
Seth shook his head in confusion.
Okay, this picture will take you to the Soldier’s Angels site that will tell you all kinds of ways to send comfort and encouragement to our troops. What we’re probably looking for, however, is more specifically Operation Top Knot. I’ll make a link and put it right here in case you have as much trouble finding the specific information on OTK as I did!
I think of how "love," and even "choice," are relatively modern concepts that not everyone gets to enjoy. I think of how very fortunate L'Ailee and I are. I've been fired, she's been beaten and thrown away, we've been threatened and rejected, we've suffered indignities, we've taken extra steps and had to talk fast. But we were able to find each other, love each other, live with each other, and marry each other. We are no longer afraid of being forcibly divorced again. We were able to put our arms around each other, scream, and celebrate in bed as the city erupted in (mostly) joy around us. We still count that first wedding date as our anniversary--after all, we still felt married. We joke about how every New Year's Eve, all of New York celebrates with us. Today, we really did feel like the whole city and many people around the world wanted to celebrate with us.
Who would you compare us to?
What did you think of Brew Masters? Will you watch it again? Is it just an infomercial for Sam Calagione's Dogfish Head Brewery? Should the CBE organize an event around future episodes?
After that they needed a name for the beers they were creating and eventually the agreed on Troubador. You can read more about the history of the brewery here.
She came downstairs and said LOOK!
Saw the valley of my home
1x Chipboard Months
2. Fifi Trixibelle, daughter of Bob Geldof and Paula Yates
Hey guys! Here’s another interview from fellow Apocalypsies member, Jay Kristoff author of STORMDANCER and—OMG, prepared to get your mind blown! Griffins and samurais and robots, Oh MY! He’s better off explaining it, so take it away, Jay.
We think we will recall. But as they age, so do we,
As the clubs played, Bandit's wife, a former player herself, was gracious enough to talk Capitals Base Ball with me. Wickets of the Gothams, already informed me a former member of the Gothams moved to Ohio and founded the Capitals Base Ball Club back in 1998. Bandit's better half confirmed that and expanded the story for me. It was a gentleman named Charlie who moved to Ohio and founded the team. He went by the nickname of LEFTY, but has since retired from the game. He now devotes his time to the company he started out of his garage. For Lefty also happens to be the founder of the Phoenix Bats Company, hailing out of Plain City, Ohio.
Bee Pollen – Microsporic grains in seed plants gathered by bees then collected from the legs of bees. Causes allergic reactions in some people. In nutritional supplements, shampoos, toothpastes, deodorants. Alternatives: synthetics, plant amino acids, pollen collected from plants.
One can’t expect science to answer all the questions of the universe. There may well be secrets of nature that will remain forever beyond the outer limits of human intelligence. Other questions, such as those regarding human aspirations and the meaning of our lives, are best viewed from multiple perspectives, both scientific and spiritual. These approaches can coexist and respect each other. The trouble arises when religious and spiritual doctrine makes pronouncements about the physical universe that contradict what we actually observe to be true.
I could find dudes who liked me and church but were bllllaaaand as could be; I could find dudes who liked me and fun but not church, and I could find dudes who liked church and fun but not me. (Spoiler alert: I eventually hit the jackpot, though some of those items have shifted in importance...just go with it.)
Now as Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama face the ultimate test of democracy, they can expect their early years to be the target of sliming. The producer of the swift-boat attack ads is salivating over the prospect of showing John McCain as a POW and superimposing phrases from the Wellesley thesis.
1/4 tsp freshly ground pepper
Recently modified Tangle Foot labels tell us that the head brewer did not in fact stumble due to the effects of alcohol - but that he actually tripped on his dog's lead.
The former mortuary in the churchyard of St George's in the East became the Borough of Stepney Nature Study Museum in 1904. It was largely the work of curate Claude Hinscliffe (who would later found the Church League for Women's Suffrage with his wife), while the cost of £253 1s 2d was paid by an anonymous benefactor.
It's funny a how little thing like a wristlet can simplify your life and make it easier!
There was a fire next door to us on this past Friday afternoon. I was at work and my guys had just left the scene before they knew it was beginning. While they were out and about, my husband received a call from a relative in Florida stating that the house was on fire. Thankfully, no one was hurt!
The new plan makes sense, and gives me something to spend the money for the work I'm currently doing on. It'll involve a bit more travel, and it'll involve spending more time here. If I wind up finding a place, I might even not have to eat the extra rent: a friend of mine in Italy has expressed interest in coming here, and I could toss the place to him for the remaining time.
a delicate tendril connecting them intimately
So why would the Malays want to relinquish political power and lose all that is already theirs from birth?
You see, you see – live
There are several experimental surgical procedures: atherectomy, in which the surgeon shaves off and removes strips of plaque from the blocked artery; laser angioplasty, in which a catheter with a laser tip is inserted to burn or break down the plaque; and insertion of a metal coil, called a stent, that can be implanted permanently to keep a blocked artery open.
In order to get ready for the sale, I'm working on some new games that I'll have uploaded between now and Tuesday. I'm finishing up a game that focuses on the 'sh' and 'ch' digraphs and about to get started on a spring time sight word game. Here's a link to my TPT store to check out what I have so far:
Complete this sentence: I knew I had found the love of my life when she ____________________.
The rain passed us by today and now the ssssssnow word is back in the forecast for Monday !!!
I finally settled on programming and headed off for college. I was very enthusiastic about going to college (but less so about actually doing any coursework). I puttered around at one school for a while, then transferred to another and puttered around there. Then I dropped out. Then I went back. Then I dropped out again. And then I got a contract at Microsoft and I haven't been back in a college classroom since.
Hey, Hope Floats, babe…and it sells a lot of tickets.
Panic ensued.
Time’s a haze,
March 23 I was working (on month before my due date) when my water broke! I was so scared I had no idea what I was going to do. My boss gave me a ride to the hospital and I was left to have a baby. Things went fast once they hooked me up to the pec drip. I was only in labor 49 minutes. Through most of it I was blessed with a nurse that cared (which I was more attentive but I have no idea what her name is). Which was a good thing since my boyfriend left thinking that he has enough time to go out and celebrate with his buddies(he did manage to make it back just minutes before Z was born).
That is part of the versatility of a digital image. Diane was able to create the exact same flower that she needed for her card and in whatever size she wanted.
Suntory has its own classical music hall and uses top rock stars in its advertising. Also sponsors golf tournaments and has its own rugby team.
Bus is so much cheaper to travel that train on long distances.
e) domestic violence
03. Occassionally
I used two different dry embossing folders, one was by accident, but it came together very well.
Back Inc Rnd: Inc 1 st (to inc 1 st, pick up horizontal strand between st just knitted and next st, place it on left-hand needle, k 1 st in back of this strand), k to last 2 sts of rnd, inc 1 st as before, k 2 – 74 sts. K 4 rnds even, repeat back inc rnd – 76 sts.
overall.
Thu
and before you know
Every spring she lifted
It’s funny how a person can go through a day and not know that he has a large smudge on one of his lenses. I’d like to think it was because I was concentrating so hard that I just looked past it. I suspect its closer to the truth to say that I had just gotten used to it.
This is a book I wish was good. I hoped it would be an excellent exploration into Shakespeare’s long-lasting influence, a reminder of what we owe the man. And there are some wonderful facts and anecdotes of that; Shakespeare’s responsibility in introducing starlings to North America, say, or the vocabulary he’s given us.
The apostle is one who carries God in one’s soul and radiates him around oneself. The apostle is a saint who accumulates divine treasures and shares the surplus with others. Sanctity is the stubbornness in fulfilling the will of God, always, in spite of any difficulty whatever.--ALBERIONE
Another crowd flooded them all. Only this time when they had disappeared again, Raymond and Andrew had noticed Chloe had too; the eyes of both men met.
I sure didn't take any pictures.
Bake for 23 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean (except for the guava paste).
One memorable day, I went on a tour of one of our plants with a large group of other new people. We all wore our best business dress, as required. This worked well for the men, but I was really put out at the impositions it made upon me…common sense would have dictated that I could have worn flats and pants that day, but no, that would have been outside of the existing dress code for women. So, I wore a skirt-suit and heels. I stepped gingerly through the plant and wore my poor feet out on the cement floor. At one point, we were to attend a meeting in a room in the middle of the plant. To get there, we had to climb an open metal-mesh stairway. So, picture me with my left hand clutching all the excess fabric at the side of my skirt, my right hand on the railing, climbing the stairs on tip-toe for fear of getting a heel stuck in the stairs. Oh, and don’t forget the men passing by trying to get a peak up said suit skirt…
to be yourself
The Daily Mail's findings reveal that at least 2 most wanted militant, being persuaded by the Pakistan Defence Forces in the tribal belt that connects the nuke powered Pakistan with the war ravaged Afghanistan, after being badly hit by the Pakistani troops, managed to get evacuated to Afghanistan in very safe and composed manner.
The Fleur de Lotus collection is an Asia Exclusive collection, though these have been known to make it to international markets sooner or later. The one item that caught my attention was definitely the JC Blush.
Mom, I hope you have a record player up in heaven. I want to listen to some Whitney with you right now.
The same thing holds true in trading. Especially on the Internet, many, many people claim to be gurus of forex, futures, stocks and every other kind of trading instrument. And some of them probably are gurus – teaching gurus. Unfortunately, teaching gurus don’t always necessarily teach you the right things.
This episode had all of that and your typical witness unable to let go of their previous life. We also get an episode ending cliffhanger of sorts, so let’s get to it!
Of course, a board should not take levying special assessments lightly. A board understands that special assessments can be a hardship for each resident, but—since the board members are also responsible for paying their share of any new special assessment—the assessment is an extra financial burden on resident board members as well.
We know that any positive effects mass immigration has on an ageing Canadian society are negligible at best; we know that mass immigration does not create jobs for Canadians; we know that mass immigration inadequately addresses skills shortages; we know that immigrants eat up more taxes than they produce as a group; and now we know that immigrants are not needed to support the CPP.
In my son’s third grade class they are starting to learn multiplication facts. Starting soon, those who miss two or less on their test each week will receive a pop. A little drink I still like to refer to as Soda.
...while Mom, my trusty helper and point person, handed out brochures and chatted up brides and smiled that smile she smiles that makes people melt. And it helped. I booked three weddings - this hasn't happened right at a show for a long time. I'm hoping it means the economy, at least locally and at least bridally, is improving.
There’s a terrible game of chicken going on at our statehouse right now– I knew that already– I just didn’t realize until I saw their faces that they absolutely don’t care who they hurt in the process. No shame at all. Alabama: No State for Children? is Dr. Abston's gut-wrenching report about the callousness with which legislators view the health needs of the very children they take an oath to protect. In her own words:
Where do I start? I love Oak with all my heart. If I could sum her up in three words it would be thoughtful, genuine, and (fiercely) loyal. Oh, and HILARIOUS. Who wouldn't want a friend like that?? She's been there for me during my highest highs and lowest lows.
Of those who know
or the 'Mini Banners' stretched to say 'BLESSED'.
Next, I’ve twice proven that I’m a Science Fiction geek of the finest kind by twice answering the most questions correctly on the Friday Quiz over at Scifi Media. Test your skills every Friday. It’s super fun and you, too, can win a No Prize Award. :-)
At the beginning of Mark 13, Jesus predicts the destruction of the Temple, which will occur in AD 70. When asked by Peter, James, John, and Andrew for some signs of when these things would be taking place, Jesus begins the lengthy discussion of those times, also found in Matthew 24. He speaks of false christs coming to mislead people. He speaks of wars, earthquakes, famines…yet these are merely “the beginning of the birth pains” (v 8). He speaks of persecution by the government. He encourages them, though, to rely on the Holy Spirit to give them the testimony to speak when the time comes. He speaks of this thing Daniel referred to as the “Abomination of Desolation,” and a great tribulation, “as has not been from the beginning of the creation that God created until now, and never will be.” Most people believe this to be the tribulation spoken of in Revelation 7.
The Collected Stories of Elizabeth Bowen (1980, 784 pages, edited by Angus Wilson)-The WWII Stories
But he wasn’t sure if he could hold on as her fingers grasped him and she started stroking him, up and down, her face close to his, her warm breath mingling with his hot sharp gasps. She turned her face up and kissed him sweetly on the lips, pressing her soft pink lips against his for a long moment; her hand paused its motion and squeezed the base of his shaft as her lips pressed closer then she pulled away breaking the kiss and her touch. His eyes flew open and he was momentarily dazed by the sunshine and the light headed feeling that nearly coming in his pants had brought.
Hi there ladies, i thought I'd do a quick review on the Clarins Skin Illusion Foundation which i have in the shade Honey. I knew i had to get my hands on this after reading a rave review over at Jo from Beautylicious love and it has turned out to be Amazing.
I immediately replied, and I'm posting this here, to remind everyone that QueryShark is entirely voluntary. Every letter here was sent to the QueryShark, not to my incoming queries at FPLM.
And cannot make out that tear.
and maybe a little necessary for my sanity today.
a soak more grandiloquent than the sea’s
The thing is that this isn't always possible. And what I've discovered is that it especially isn't always possible if you've recently split up with your girlfriend, you're waking up at 6am every morning to write a novel and even at the best of times you're naturally disposed paranoia and insecurity of every kind.
Your lecturer could have told you, and economics guru Milton Friedman most definitely said it before, that nothing comes free under the sun.
Before the latest episode of The Simpsons aired on Sunday, March 28 (Palm Sunday and the day before Passover), the show's producer, Al Jean, promised, "people of all three religions will be equally offended."
a day right now and that is like way better than the
“Natural Sources” – Can mean animal or vegetable sources. Most often in the health food industry, especially in the cosmetics area, it means animal sources, such as animal elastin, glands, fat, protein, and oil. Alternatives: plant sources.
MIDDELBURG: Rouvhan Viljoen (30) stabbed six times with knife by taxi driver.
Lily added:
The best tip for training at 1000 steps is do it twice! Set your own pace, and listen to your body.
Vancouver BC -V6A 2R5-
Before the love develops, the story focuses on their mother being MIA while Lochan and Maya take care of their three siblings. I felt for them, they were obviously best friends and would do anything for their brothers and sister. Kit is the typical sullen unappreciative teen, who seems to have a love of planting seeds of family drama and then sitting back watching it unfold. The two younger siblings, Willa and Tiff are absolutely adorable, you can't help but love them. You can tell this is a family who has suffered, but seemingly is making it work.
As you open the door to the go inside, a young man will be standing there to take your ticket. You hand it to him and he rips it in two, one half goes into a wooden box, the other you put in your pocket.
Michael is a San Francisco native. He grew up in the Fillmore and watched it be destroyed by redevelopment efforts. He later became a construction worker to rebuild the Fillmore Center, the very area where he and his family was forced to leave.
The chief feature of the house is the eastern portico, which is 58 feet wide and 29 feet high, and supports a 6 foot tall entablature. The columns, topped with expertly carved Ionic capitals, were supposedly made of pine from Bastrop. Each tapered column consists of wooden staves, fitted together like those of a barrel, and there are several discs inside the column to ensure it keeps it shape. The fluting, or ridges, on the outside of the columns, was carved by hand.
Bursting bubbles of government deception (Google Video)
For a company with €1bn negative shareholder equity, Treasury Holdings vehicle REO is surprisingly upbeat in its latest financial report
They’re weren’t happy with one wonderful idea, though, and came up with #bradfordphotoaday – a fantastic idea to really showcase the outstanding and the everyday that Bradford has to offer.
Wish there were more cream/milk stouts out there. This one is fairly average, not going far enough into the style to really stand out.
fried chiken and live fish.
You might be the wife,
Whisper it, but there’s a tendency in Scotland to favour progressive taxation while the UK seems set on moving towards flat taxes, having only come towards progressive tax as a necessity; and a willingness in Scotland to use the business tax system to encourage smaller businesses to thrive rather than simply create conditions for yet more massive profits for those already making fortunes.
So to you I run.
The old school stares
Carter was in my lap and I was eating a really mature sweet for a very refined palette: gummy dinosaurs. You know, the cheap kind that hardly have any flavor. I was in the mood for something chewy and obviously, desperate.
I've been using parting on the weekend as my new escapist behavior. (That's slightly better than constantly cutting and purging, right? Or am I just making excuses?)
25. I Drink Alone -- George Thorogood
Lots of times!
Credit card: RM5,924.80
Now, from the beginning of this saga I have made a simple prediction: Craig Whyte will make money out of the whole sorry mess.
So, we left at 11:00 and drove down to the Hofbräuhaus Pittsburgh by 12:30. We were seated at two adjacent tables and enjoyed a great lunch of German fare, with some great beer to boot (well, no one got a boot glass, but that's another story). After lunch, we met with Ed, the head brewer, Eckhard, the brewmaster, and Tom, the general manager. They gave us an informal presentation on the store, the brewing, etc. After which, we got a small brewhouse tour. Interestingly, all the beer is brewed on site here - except for the Maibock (now on tap) and the Oktoberfest. Both, because of licensing issues, must be imported from Germany.
We then got blood glucose meters and were ask to take readings four times a day; once before eating in the morning and then an hour after each meal. We were warned if we couldn't keep our blood levels under 95 mg/dL in the morning and under 130 mg/dL an hour after meals we would be put on medication.
The plan is to shut off the room and the upstairs and crack open all the windows tonight. He'll have a fire blazing to help keep the temperature up while it dries too (yes, poly is flammable, but it's a wood stove just off the garage below that vents straight into that room :)). Meanwhile, we plan to camp out in the living room downstairs to escape the fumes and the chilliness that's going to be upstairs!
I felt their eyes on me, but I couldn't focus on anything but the floor. I was aware that they were talking. I knew they were talking about Him. I could even make out their tone - part giddy, part nervous for me. Their actual words remain a mystery.
Samantha also was not happy we left the playroom. Luckily from the window, the EL runs every few minutes. She kept waving to trains. During this time, I start answering the questions. I also strip Samantha down to her diaper.
Space Brothers (Episode 5) – Becoming an astronaut is a colossal goal to Mutta and it certainly means a lot to him. In fact, his entire life currently is centered on completing this objective and joining his brother in the emptiness known as space. You could say it means a lot to him… but it means a lot more to someone else. Mutta becoming an astronaut means more to Hibito than it does to Mutta. Think about it for a sec. Hibito is the one who is providing all the motivation for his older brother to become an astronaut and realize the dreams they’ve had since their childhood. Hibito is telling everyone about his brother and how he’s training to become an astronaut, too, and though we’ve heard it from his neighbors in Houston, you can tell his speaks his words with pride. If Mutta were to fail, he’d just consider another career change and move on with his life but what would it do to Hibito? It would be devastating and certainly affect him more severely than Mutta. It’s strange to think that the one who has the most invested emotionally in Mutta becoming an astronaut and to realize his dream is not Mutta but rather someone who is already an astronaut and almost in space. It shouldn’t be surprising that if news breaks that Mutta is rejected by JAXA that he’ll brush it off like it’s nothing and laugh yet Hibito will be the one who cries.
Can I just say, first of all, she takes THE most fantastic pictures this side of the Mississippi! If for no other reason, please go over there and check out her pix. For your own good! :) But you should visit for a lot more reasons- her family is adorable (so jealous of the natural red heads!), her adventures are awesome, and she has a fantastic style of writing- you can totally understand what she's going through when she posts. So I highly recommend you visit her site, and soon!
Whatever the option the board take, there has to be one this summer. If it upsets the fans – fine, but maybe one day they will see it was for the benefit of the club.
So who exactly is your audience? Your instructor, right? WRONG! Many beginning writers mistakenly believe their instructor is their audience, but this is only partly true, according to Brett Mertins, English and Literature instructor at MCC, who explains the importance of rhetorical awareness:
The holidays got a hold of me again, really it's not all that unexpected, just annoying that I let it happen every year. I am a sucker for the sweets. This week has been my so called carb detox. I limit it as much as possible and cut out all junk. It sucks. I am working on losing 7 lbs for my intial goal weight that I am doing with a group of friends. 7lbs is the first goal. I am wanting to achieve this by January 31. I started with them at 145 so that was my starting weight.
Working collaboratively to release one film is experimental enough, but the self described “6 Leagues” took the experiment even further. Choosing ‘randomness’ as one of the underlying guidelines for each film, at their first meeting they picked a book off “KING - Thing Five” director Caran Hartsfield’s shelf, Toni Morrison’s Song of Solomon, and picked one random line from the book as the basis for their films, interpreted by each filmmakers sensibilities.
movement of secret is described by John of the Cross: “in darkness the soul not only avoids going astray but advances rapidly . . . To reach an new an unknown land and journey along unknown roads, travelers cannot be guided by their own knowledge . . . the soul, too, when it advances, walks in darkness and unknowing . . . persons who tread this road . . . are unable to describe it. They feel great repugnance in speaking about it, especially when the contemplation is so simple that they are hardly aware of it . . . Not for this reason alone do we call mystical wisdom ‘secret’ . . . but also because it has the characteristic effect of hiding the soul within itself . . . this mystical wisdom occasionally so engulfs souls in its secret abyss that they have the keen awareness of being brought into a place far removed from every creature. They accordingly feel that they have been led into a remarkably deep and vast wilderness unattainable by any human creature, into an immense unbounded desert, the more delightful, savorous, and loving, the deeper, vaster, and more solitary it is. They are conscious of being so much more hidden, the more they are elevated above every temporal
The output current of a 60 percent modulated AM generator is 1.5 a. to what value will this
And he was perfect.
There's a whole collection of pictures of these vintage "flower girls" - this one is my favorite - she just looks so bright and happy. Perfect for a "sending smiles" card!
In an Orania packing shed, young Afrikaners with enviable tans and sun-bleached hair, pack melons for export to Europe. They wear the unofficial uniform of South African farm laborers everywhere - black rubber boots, blue overalls and threadbare tee shirts. They came from towns like Newcastle and Kimberly where work, particularly for Afrikaans males is scarce. Ten years of the New South Africa has pushed these young men to the bottom of the food chain. Undereducated, white and often racist, their only hope lies in finding manual work at a place like Orania. So for $9/day they work where no blacks may; wielding shovels, swinging pick, harvesting melons, pruning 20,000 pecan trees.
So where do we go from here? What we do with the stories of Jami, and Olivia, and Chad, and Matthew, and Susan?
Engineer Ari and the Sukkah Express by Deborah Bodin Cohen with illustrations by Shahar Kober
Now I realize that I really didn't know
glows blossom on
Below I've begun to document some of my observations and classroom experiments in order to start a dialogue about non-conservatory non-traditional undergraduate music education, both to document them for myself and hopefully to initiate a dialogue about the future of the music industry through the lens of some its youngest participants. I've also included a resource list at the bottom of the post.
I’m not sure how joking about their heterosexuality will fly, but I think “Step off, bitch” is nice.
Read Article:
spinning in opposite directions
It’s a texture thing in our house. Solidified egg- jello just doesn’t (literally) go down well. If I tried to make my kids eat a deviled egg, I had better have a bucket handy. ‘Nuff said.
Officers had to attend because the caller didn’t want a person to be around their address and they haven’t asked them to leave but they ring us, or even better, the caller received a call, it was a wrong number but they are worried its a crank call- call us…. Come on – keep piling it on.
I'M still feeling a bit under the weather. Even after all the meds they put me on, my cough went away but I still feel congestion in my chest dispite having no real alergies. The pain in my ear went away but I'm still deaf in said ear for the time being. It's now becoming both a joke and a nuciance for my family. They keep thinking that I am purposly ignoring them when I'm in the basement but what's really wrong is the fact that I can't hear them between where the stairs start and where I hang out.
Rumors of a camp filled with American holdouts filtered up to Wei from FEMA workers and Red Cross volunteers. These militants, holed up in the Okefenokee Swamp, had resisted all attempts at “assimilation”.
I was so caught off guard I actually (gag!) responded.
Methods of Porcelain and China Collectible Repair for Lladro and Hummel Figurines
“A rule of thumb might be that the gains of changing a point of view ought to outweigh the losses.” ~ The Art & Craft of Novel Writing by Oakley Hall
To manage this system properly, farmers and ranchers must not only understand the livestock’s nutritional needs and grazing behavior but also the unique physiology and growth requirements of the plants.
Anyone who has read this blog for more than 2 minutes will know that I love shoes. I’m a shoe lover of all shapes and sizes, colors and fabrics – yes, you could pretty much say I’m a shoe slut.
I hope you guys have enjoyed this noir spin on SVM as much as me! It’s been tons of fun to write. I want to especially thank Cageyspice for editing for me. She has a way of switching up a few words so I say “that’s exactly what I meant!”
Are you ready?! Here it is ...
The Pakistan Five case was not Johari Abdul-Malik’s first go-around with this sort of thing. After Dar al-Hijrah attendee Ahmed Omar Abu Ali was arrested in Saudi Arabia and confessed to being part of an al-Qaeda cell that was planning to assassinate President George W. Bush, in an interview with the New York Times Abdul-Malik compared Abu Ali to civil rights icon Rosa Parks.
When midday came and went, our delight that the female looked more content (if a little weary) and the chicks looked relatively strong considering the battering they received from the elements over the weekend, turned increasingly to gloom. The longer the day went on without sight of the male, the bleaker the outlook for the remaining chicks.
Perhaps the most surprising thing about the path between deal and debut for me, has been how my reactions to the various stages of the process have been different from what I expected.
When can you finally realize your actions are borderline foolish, all the while thinking they’ve been admirable?
Spending some time on the campaign trail has confirmed a couple of thoughts I’ve had before I entered the Republican primary race.
and these lips, they have no such fears;
He steps inside and closes the door, follows her, glancing down, watching her hips, watching her body, imagining her naked and… that shame and excitement hits him again, makes him giddy, dizzy, he almost stumbles.
David will be joining them!
music - it's going to be a movie on Netflix.com, but I'm not sure which. Probably some sort of documentary that I don't have to watch closely since I'll be designing and beading.
Time to hit the road!
We mustn’t, O mustn’t, just mustn’t sit by
At Merlefest, I heard a band play a version of the tune with electric guitar and drums. Not to beat a dead horse (see my previous post on drums and string bands), but that amped up version, while a lot of fun, was as good an illustration as any of how drumming can “straighten out” a tune. Lay a “boom-chuck-a” rhythm behind “Saint Anne’s Reel” and it suddenly sounds an awful lot like a polka. In contrast, in the version I’ve posted here, you can see how Walsh & Co. minutely push and pull the rhythms to give the tune a real bounce.
Pauline allotment from whatever aphotic pit Nintendo shoved her into for the endure 20 some odd years, abandoned to get kidnapped by a behemothic ape yet again.
So, that's what's I've been up to lately. I have some fun things coming up and I'm also running in a relay next weekend with my friend Cari. It's the Red Rock Relay which is an 187 mile, 2 day running adventure. I've never done anything like this and I can't tell if I'm more excited or nervous for it. I guess I should start running? Just kidding. I run every day, but I am worried about the elevation change. It's going to be crazy!
I hope you enjoyed my little golden angel : )…and don’t forget to try on those golds and creams and join us at CMC challenge. We will love to see your project!
A billion Rand ago was only 27 hours and 12 minutes, at the rate our SA government
The bridge was the longest in the world when it was built, which alone would have secured the opinion that Roebling was a genius. But the roadbed also had to run high enough to allow for river traffic, with its tall ship masts, to pass below. The height of the two river banks were of no help, being of a naturally low elevation, as opposed to say, a cliff, which would have made the job easier.
I also wanted to mention that I received a lovely e-mail from a gal named Marci at The Whole Knit & Caboodle. She wanted to let me know that she showed my Dotty for You card box on her blog in a National Scrapbook Day post. Oh was I flattered to be included amongst the other websites she mentioned! Please stop by and visit her. Thank you so much, Marci!
The 101: spray paint can transform and update just about any furniture or accessory and keep your redecorating costs to a minimum. Look in the garage, storage closet and kitchen cupboards for items you don’t need or use every day which could be re-imagined in your child’s space. Usually pushing furniture up against the wall is a decorating no-no, but making sure that a child is comfortable and has enough space to spread out and play with a friend is more important than aesthetics. Hit up dollar stores, clearance bins, second hand shops and grandma’s house …not only will it save you money but you won’t feel too badly when your child decides she longer likes pink!
rise up again and resume your walk.
For you see, though the Bible may be nothing more than a boorish attempt at comical fiction, Ecclesiastes 3:1, which I’ve referenced here before, has some truth to it. There is a time to every purpose. Though I consider both coffee and tea allies in my battles against the dreadly throng of the hein, each has their own strengths upon which to draw. You wouldn’t use a fulcrum to do the job of a pulley. Nor would you use a halberd to do the work of a Ruger MK II. And you’d not send a resident of the Pustemp Union of Fleurg to do the work of a man. And death come welcomely, you’d not send tea or coffee in each other’s stead! You’d just not!
Vice Admiral Klas Fleming, partly. He had been present before the ship sailed, when the captain demonstrated how crank the ship was by having 30 men run back and forth across the upper deck. On their third pass, the ship was ready to capsize at the quay. The admiral was heard to say that he wished the king were there.
And I’d be happy…
HELP A BROTHER OUT!
“If it leads to reform of the Secret Service, it would be a plus, but I doubt that will happen. I’m afraid that it will take another assassination before the proper steps are taken to reform the Secret Service.”
Overall, I liked the movie: it's hard for me to find fault with something so pretty, and most of it felt genuine. However, I can't shake the sitcom-y aura that pervaded some of the scenes. That, combined with the above faults, made me wonder if this movie would have ever been greenlit without the girl-meets-girl storyline. Interestingly enough, I read on IMDb that the script was originally written as a heterosexual love story. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me at all.
Blue Haze is aged 10 weeks at the Abbaye then it is shipped to Provincial Fine Foods in Toronto. There it is packaged in Cryovac to set the curds and it is held for 4 weeks to firm. After that, it is transported to Hansen Farms in Cayuga, Ontario for smoking. The journey is worth it. The result is a smokey rind that transitions into a creamy salty and sweet center enhanced by the special tang and flavor of the blue veins. It all comes together so nicely.
We’ve been doing this ever since we brought Ralphie home. Taking him to a groomer makes him really stressed out, so to keep him happy and stress-free Steve has mastered the art of his
September 1st, 2007 (May be extended)
I'm a puzzle yes in deed
And he let them alone, like figures of stone,
When Mouse does events, being remarkable pays off. Not only is he extremely friendly and outgoing, he knows how to work a crowd. Note: I didn't teach him any of this. When people start walking by his donation jar, he looks at them with sad pathetic eyes. When they show interest, he wags his tail just a bit. When they come up to him, he goes full fledge into shameless mode pushing his donation jar towards them. Not only is he remarkable, he loves to make friends. It has been said that Mouse should do social media, because the basic premise it to make friends. Mouse is an accomplished friend maker.
I always thought, I have them; I can hold them. They’ll be okay. But in that instant I realized that nothing is safe and with all my strength I could never protect them from forces like a plane crash.
So, starting this Thursday, keep your eye out both here and on the Ribbon Carousel Blog for my tutorials and that of the other design team members. There will be a fresh tutorial for you to view each Thursday!
Last year, I tried to prevent disaster by making a single-layer rectangular cake. And for the most part, I did. Except that the recipe called for finely chopped unsweetened baking chocolate. And since I neither had a food processor nor a decent knife, the cake ended up being speckled with little flakes of chocolate that I didn't chop well enough. Not a complete disaster, but not a success either.
I went to the gym after work to do some cardio. I was running late, so just 30 min on the arc trainer. I did 10 min at resistance 60%, incline 5. Then a trainer walked by and in a fit of evil, decided to hit all my buttons. I am real stubborn, so I stuck with it, lol. So 20 more min at incline 9, resistance 65%. My legs were lifting high!
Rubiks cube and other puzzles
He sighed slowly and then said, “Fine! You caught me. Hmm. I was just trying to make this less painful for you.”
Her black nail polished hand gently but firmly smacks your ass. You are SHOCKED but she can tell by your soft moan that you like it.
I still remember the ONE time I ate it and I will never, ever, EVER forget it's nastiness.
That gives you the total revenues you are likely to receive.
So my ideas for blogging are all clumped together inside all the other thoughts that are roaming around my head. Hopefully, this is the beginning of me sorting them out.
Although the idea sounds laughable at first, it does have merit. I mean, as Mike Hughes, the president of Martin Agency which is in charge of the campaign, said, “Who wants to go to a cocktail party and not know what’s going on in the world?”
I went to a classroom management training this week and realized I didn't have a "What to do When I'm Through" sign! Well, I threw one together this morning.
Someone just sent me an email suggesting I look at a BBC article on writing about “ahem.” (His words.) Okay, it was my brother, so he’s forgiven for being a bit too discreet. The suggestion probably has to do with a remark I made once about writing erotica, and he and my sister-in-law dared me to do it. I told them I would. But after I finish my WIP, and after I finish my graphic novel, and after . . .
But Freeman is neither unremarkable nor bloodless. Hearing him live is like taking a tour of a fun house: you never know what you’ll find behind the next door.
(Her mother was a woman of generous proportions, standing a few feet away with her legs wide apart and the camera to her eye. I did not admonish her for being a willing accomplice in her daughter’s outlandish project. We live in a peculiar age.)
The Ass-Elbow Anti-Crime Plan in Full Effect.
It was difficult but rewarding work. Ruth’s advice, questions and suggestions made my thesis a significant piece of research that I was able to use to write papers that were accepted at academic conferences. Her rigorous approach also prepared me for the thesis defense, which many graduate students find to be daunting. Thanks to Ruth’s preparation and thorough vetting of my research, the defense was more of a conversation about the topic more than a defense of my thesis. The result was a true exploration of ideas, and it was a wonderful experience.
Usually we just open pajamas on Christmas Eve but since we had Church at 10 am and we all watch while each other opens presents AND we had guests coming over immediately after church, we opened almost everything from family.
Just to refresh your memory on man’s origins from the dust …
Earlier in the year, after Gannon continually became very upset when I would attempt to take him into the girls bathroom (where he's NOT allowed to go at school as a rule!), I asked his teachers if I could just accompany him into the boy's bathroom. They agreed, knowing that I would check for occupants before entering. For several months, we have had very few visitors, and always of the pint-sized variety. Today during our bathroom time, Gannon had a minor accident, but enough of one that it involved having to change clothes. I had neglected to grab his backpack containing his change of clothes from the preschool hallway, so while Gannon stood in the middle of the bathroom with his drawers around his ankles and the clear instructions NOT TO MOVE, I ran out to collect his things so that I could change his clothes. Well I was gone for probably a max of 30 seconds since I was hurrying, but apparently a man had made his way into the bathroom during that time. Since I was rushing, I didn't take the time to check before entering. So I went bee-bopping right in, and stopped dead short when I spot the guy standing at the urinal. Luckily, his BACK was to me and he was in a much more modest state than my dear son, so I quickly apologized and took Gannon out into the hallway to change. I know I changed every color of red imaginable, the whole time trying to get Gannon changed so the entire school wouldn't have to see HIM with his drawers down! Meanwhile, I hear a flush from within the boys bathroom and the gentleman emerges. I completely avoided eye contact (didn't even raise my head, in fact!) and apologized again. He was very polite and said it was okay, but I just thought about how I would feel if a man walked in on ME in the girls bathroom to collect his half-dressed little girl! Hopefully, since I didn't look at his face and I don't think he looked at mine, we will never know the difference if we ever cross paths again. I'm really crossing my fingers.
It's all about control and manipulation, fixing the child, finding ways to get the child to do what you want them to do, and when they don't, punish them, take away their things, their friends, their lives, make them go to counseling, and if all else fails send them away to boot camp or boarding school. Unless of course your child has become a run away, then the advice is to try to be more communicative. It's so infuriating, I want to run down the street yelling loudly "BE NICE TO YOUR KIDS!"
I still love jeans and T’s, but not for work. When I started at the office, I wore the standard uniform: dark skirt-suit, nude hose, crisp blouse buttoned to the top, demure jewelry, and dark shoes with a 2 and a half inch heel. I fit right in. You could wear a dress, but you’d get some looks and maybe even a comment on your professionalism. Shopping was an important part of my life back then; trying to build up a wardrobe on a post-college budget was a challenge.
Color options are endless. The feathers below are two shades of coral but the photo is making them appear more red.
In other words, I'm still here.
Use Twitter to build relationships with your audiences and have real conversations with them. Simply retweeting that they retweeted one of your marketing message does not count. If you do not have @replies or links to interesting information to deepen your relationships with them, you are missing the point of Twitter. Twitter can be a valuable experience when you use it correctly.
May the metaphors be with you!
Given the resources of people like George Soros, the drug cartels and our own government, is there any doubt that this technology does not already exist?
Do you trust Me?
Mayor Calvo sued the County, and the parties have reached a settlement on the eve of trial. The terms of settlement are confidential, but — kudos to the Mayor — the settlement included two provisions. First, Prince George’s County law enforcement must change how and when they use SWAT teams. Second, they must focus on more humane treatment of companion animals.
From being a privileged royal child, raised by a loving mother, Jorg Ancrath has become the Prince of Thorns, a charming, immoral boy leading a grim band of outlaws in a series of raids and atrocities. The world is in chaos: violence is rife, nightmares everywhere. Jorg has the ability to master the living and the dead, but there is still one thing that puts a chill in him. Returning to his father's castle Jorg must confront horrors from his childhood and carve himself a future with all hands turned against him.
But as if everyone had placed bets on the age of the silly American girl, I've been getting asked a lot lately: "Quel age as-tu?"
and a few types of card.
We had a great week, with numerous new beers from Stone hitting the market. Our taste buds have been under assault trying all these new beers and trying to remember each one as a distinctive beer. But, we have a holiday this weekend. Many of us are either traveling or receiving travelers for the holiday festivities. You'll want to bring KC to your hosts or give KC to your guests. To me, KC is Boulevard Tank 7.
Extreme Productions created a customized entertainment and production company for the entire event…each song was hand selected, personalized bridal party introductions were created, and the soundtrack for each scene had an energy and feel that was reflective of the moment. There was even a 3D moon projection on the wall near the cake (Jillian’s request)!
punched fall leaves
Then there’s the tempeh sandwich. It has sprouts, sauteed onions, peppers, and mushrooms, plus tomato, letuce, and grilled tempeh. Usually it comes with feta and mayonaise but they will gladly leave that off and substitute daiya cheese for the feta. It takes me forever to order the stinkin’ sandwich, but it is possible to veganize it. Make sure to get it on a pita too, not the whole wheat or white hoagie.
I opened the nearby trash can and pulled out what appeared to be an empty Pop Tart box. The Box had ingeniously been cut in half. When the open half of the box was placed over a wine bottle, laying on its side in the pantry, it instantly hid the bottle from view, and made anyone looking in the pantry think that this was indeed just another harmless box of Pop Tarts. Brilliant idea I tell ya!! Brilliant!!
Thinking about this question in prepration for sharing in worship this Sunday, the memory fairy (you know…the one who files and retreives stuff in the maze of our brains) dredged up the memory of an Esquire article I read once up a time about Mr. Rogers.
This doesn’t change the fact that I will never again (properly) throw a baseball. Playing cards or Legos is a challenge. Typing has become a newly trained skill (for example, I would already be finished with this blog pre injury). I can’t even sign my name or write any longer. Sure, I can use a pen but it looks worse than most five year olds’ writing that has Parkinson’s.
One day before Valentine’s Day.
Now.. I've just got to do some skeleton outlines of the other stories in the sequence and I'll be good to go.
Here is a video about Bolt’s theory.
is wonderful for the home owner
There was a very weird moment in the middle of the dance where they stopped so Derek could take off his shirt and then they kissed. I agree with Carrie Ann – it was totally unnecessary. Maria’s a good dancer – show off her skills and forget the gimmicks.
South Sudan president said on March 26 that Heglig was part of his country despite the ruling by the International Court of Arbitration in 2009 that Heglig lies on the northern side of the border between Sudan and South Sudan.
Tues: Baked ziti ( freezing half for later, this makes a great freezer meal).
Team MADRE: 15.6 lbs lost… 72.6 total
I still have my doubts about this game, but it should be worth it just for the cinematics. That animation is breathtaking.
Check out Pat’s CALCULATOR and decide yourself or give us a call at earth energy Solutions GROUP to help you make sense of it all.
Mel's Backyard
Directed by: Christopher Nolan Starring: Christian Bale, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway, Marion Cotillard, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman.
The one thing I WILL do is make copies of my genealogy on discs to give to each of my children.
What about you? If you could write your own writer biography, and it could be from any era, what would it look like? What sorts of books would you have written? Who would be in the movies based on your books?
Even though four is convenient, it isn’t right. Not for our family, anyway. And every time someone asks me how many boys I have, I wrestle with all the variables and who this person is, and do I want to put them through the details of how complicated that answer is, and do I have the emotional fortitude today to answer fully, or could I just say that I have three and not go into any details, and then my heart screams out, “THREE! THREE! I HAVE THREE BOYS!” but with my mouth I reluctantly say, “Two.” It breaks my heart every time. And no one ever raises an eyebrow or comments on how chaotic my house is.
If you like Q is for Duck, you will also enjoy this adorable picture book. Cleo’s Alphabet also involves a guessing game where clues are provided through rhymes and illustrations. Each page features a curious cat named Cleo who is busy exploring her world. The suggested reading level on Amazon is Baby-Preschool; however, I would recommend this book for children ages 4-5 since they are more likely to make the correct connections.
A number of years later, I took the then called ‘CDT’ craft, design, technology A Level
Buy 2 Packs of Kotex U $7/2
Lots of luck and an over active imagination! I was the kind of kid who had imaginary friends when I started school and I pretended I had a limp (but that's a different story).
What a bunch of typical bullshit from our media.
(and dog hair)
There are many reasons why teens decide to dropout of school, but it doesn’t have to be that way. Some people have valid reasons for leaving school, like to support their families, however, have you seen an older person working at Jack in the Box? I know I have and perhaps they got laid off from their higher paying job and this was the only way for them to help support their families, but most likely they were a high school dropout who didn’t finish because it got too tough. Don’t let that be you.
I hit the scrip (?) with the money on my mind/
- Class registration has come and gone, once more. Mostly gone. MyPomona, y u no tell me my registration time until AFTER my registration time?
But neither did missing out on KDP Select entirely, so I decided to enroll Seven Exes Are Eight Too Many (hereafter called Seven) in the program because it's my only pure stand-alone book. All the others are set in Toronto and feature returning places and people, so removing one of those from the other retailers didn't make sense to me. I felt this would be my best way of testing the program without unduly inconveniencing my readers.
For more information, please do not hesitate to contact Sharon on the above email, fax or on phone: +27 448 5450.
If you wallow in life’s setbacks, you feel even more miserable. When things aren’t going well, I try to find something positive to focus on. That way, it’s much easier for me to pick myself up, dust myself down and start all over again.
Laura Lond is an internationally published author of several novels and a collection of short stories. She has a Bachelor of Arts degree in history. Having worked for 2 years at a literary museum, Laura entered the world of business, working for large international corporations like Xerox Ltd. and Fluor Daniel. After moving from Europe to the United States, she has been self-employed as a freelancer.
And that is all! Wow! That took me a LONG time to do, no kidding. I don't think I'll link everything next time, haha. :)
In 2005, Albarn, among others, criticized the London Live 8 concert for not featuring enough black artists; this resulted in the addition of Ms. Dynamite, Snoop Dogg, and Youssou N'Dour to the programme. Albarn said he didn't want to perform in the concert because he thought it was too "exclusive" and may have been motivated by self-gain.
Then came vampire themed canapés; black pudding on coffin shaped blinis, stakes through steak etc, and we all went home very happy, and much more enlightened about vampires in general. I'd like to thank Dr Sam George of the University of Hertfordshire for inviting me, and for organising the weekend.
And the ultimate test? The criminal record check that came at the end of the interview. I guess it's a positive that I was given that test, and because I have yet to be arrested, I think this is one test I will pass with flying colours.
'Yes' I replied, followed by 'but we are on the wrong floor at the moment, you need to go back upstairs'
In our family, the professor of the studies on family science is our 6-year-old son – a sparkle of genius imprisoned in the so-called “inconsistent psychomotor development”, the origin of which remains unknown, despite advanced disagnostics. So on the one hand, our sonny needs a many-sided rehabilitation to catch up with other children, and on the other – he understands in an instant all the issues related to social life. His sensitivity is simply impressive.
We surmised the pretty young thing was going to go to a “sleepover” with a friend one night and do the ol switcheroo and hightail it to the club and prance around like a video vixen with a fake id.
That's not easy to do.
This race day is filled with hundreds of runners, walkers and spectators. The certified 5K (through the streets of Burlington) is preceded by a ½ mile Family Fun Run around Burlington High School. $20 pre-registration fee for the 5K ($25 on race day). $5 for the Family Fun Run. You don’t want to miss this energized community event with music, vendors, prizes, free samples, and great family fun.
Water, 8 bowls
Bad news: It’s hopelessly inadequate. Inadequate? Yep, these measures are projected to allow3-4 degrees of manmade global warming. As a result, our generation is likely to witness the start of a mass extinction, leaving our grandchildren an inheritance that can only be described as hell on earth.
Prior to this, I was working on the doomed “Annoying person from Saved by the Bell for President” campaign. I assumed the Chief of Staff role in good faith, thinking that Republicans might just vote for a guy that looked and spoke like Horshack from Welcome Back Kotter. My feelings were confirmed when I viewed YouTube footage of the aforementioned “Screech” taking on the also aforementioned “Horshack” in a boxing match (real, actual footage that can be actually viewed on YouTube). Horshack’s defensive strategy needs to be overhauled, though he has got a great ‘really mad guy’ stare. Needless to say, we pulled out of the race after the Florida primary.Not enough boxing based debates, I thought.
Anyway. A look at our week:
Edmund Burke offered a definition of a nation which involves a shared identity, history, ancestry, and continuity:-
WOW! What a wonderful few days I have had!!!! I was very fortunate to have Amy, Katie and Em at my house with their beautiful children on Monday. We had four mamas, eight children and five Berninas all sitting out and some of us actually were able to sew!!!!! The children had such a great time. There were giggles and running and an indoor picnic. I am hoping to have this happen more often. I was a very nice experience that I have never had before and would like to have happen much more frequently. These women are so lovely and funny and knowledgeable, I wish I had the basement converted to an apartment so we could just start having retreats here!
The distinction between schools is important: Federal guidelines discourage start-up grants to multiple schools “operated as one charter school.”
You’re so very insane
2 Dazed And Confused With San Francisco
In Norway, a tiny Scandinavian nation that was until recently 99% white and Lutheran Christian, native Norwegians will soon be a minority in their own capital city, later in the whole country. And still, Norwegian politicians, journalists and University professors insist that there is nothing to worry about over this. Multiculturalism is nothing new, neither is immigration. In fact, our king a century ago was born in Denmark, so having a capital city dominated by Pakistanis, Kurds, Arabs and Somalis is just business as usual. The most massive transformation of the country in a thousand years, probably in recorded history, is thus treated as if it were the most natural thing in the world. To even hint that there might be something wrong about this has been immediately shouted down as “racism.”
Please jump in with any other examples you may have spotted!
If we look at all the days of our lives, 10 1/3 isn’t so much, is it? Should we total the hours, we will spend far more of our lives than that asleep, or in voiding our bowels. Yet when compared to the average videogame experience, some of which I’ve spent over 100 hours with, others which have been completed in 6 – 8 (and a few in less than that), 10.3 days of my life is a rather heavy investment of time and energy.
Aren't they super cute?
There I made my biggest mistake. Instead of backing into the parking space, I drove nos in first. Seeing as it was a weekday, there were hardly any cars there, and because I was still getting used to the car, I parked far away from the entrance, where there are fewer cars. Backing off I completely missed a bright red Toyota Corolla and bumped it. The Corolla got a few scratches and bumps, whereas the Prado didn't have a scratch. The only thing we noticed was the the paint on the bumper was coming loose, but that might have been from an earlier damage that had not been fixed properly.
Here are two drabbles that I wrote for Lily´s Friday Prediction but never posted. The first one was supposed to be an interpretation of HC Andersen´s ”The Little Match Girl”, but came out more as a summary. The second one was written in the last minute and when I was going to post it my internet connection died (don´t sit too close to fire with a laptop, people!) and when it came back it was already Friday! The next Friday! This day, today! So I´m posting it here =)
1. To dress richly; deck.
Just one last thing: If you have a pet, you need to love it. If you dont have a pet and feel that you could love it, there are many sweet loving pets that need homes. If you are not sure about keeping one long term, consider fostering. A dear friend of mine is fostering the cutest little min pin I have ever seen. I would love to get you intouch with an adoption center or a rescue organization. Please consider.
A little later we headed back to our stash by the tree and started in on the lunch. The warm sun fell all around, and the cool breeze rustled through the leaves above us. The Pepsis were still cold, and I swear that was the best PB&J I’ve ever had, before or since. After a while, though, Dave got that far away look in his eyes again, and I asked him what he was thinking. “I just….I just wanted to give you a special memory,” he said. “A good day, hopefully one you’ll remember for a while. I know you haven’t had a lot of them lately.”
Papiss Demba Cissé scored two stunning goals as Newcastle shocked Chelsea at Stamford Bridge
“In children who are fully vaccinated, by the sixth month of life they have received more mercury from vaccines than recommended by the EPA. There are many similarities in symptoms between mercury toxicity and autism, including social deficits, language deficits, repetitive behaviors, sensory abnormalities, cognition deficits, movement disorders, and behavioral problems. There are also similarities in physical symptoms, including biochemical, gastrointestinal, muscle tone, eurochemistry, neurophysiology, EEG measurements, and immune system/autoimmunity.”
What a mixture! Bless my soul!
I love photographs. I love reading photography books, browsing photography blogs, websites, pinterest. I've lost count of how many photography tutorials I have read, how many ebooks I've downloaded hoping to learn more about photography or how to take a 'nice' picture.
This morning, my fiancé and I watched an episode of Kitchen Nightmares, and as I watched some of these people who clearly knew they needed help (otherwise, why did they try to be on the show?) refuse to see the problems Gordon Ramsey pointed out to them, I thought, this reminds me of something. What was that something? Revisions.
I felt bothered by my feelings. I liked Robbie physically but that was that. I’m not they type of girl who indulges in affairs and one night stands but if I were then I guess Robbie would be the kind of guy I’ll have the affair or one night stand with. It wasn’t easy to admit that to myself and it sure isn’t easy admitting that in this blog but that’s the plain truth. I guess I am human after all.
I remember the assumptions I made before reading Forgive My Fins, the first book in the series. I was quite reluctant to read it. Now with Fins are Forever, I had the same feelings. Not that I didn't want to read it, I kind of just thought that it won't be good as the last book. I'm still trying to figure out why I had these doubts and where they came from as I did in fact enjoy reading Fins are Forever.
But when gravity held you down, hope just set you straight
If anyone is dealing with this and has done so in high doses, please seek a kind and accepting therapist. In the meantime, please try to love people as they are. We are so hardened these days and we want people to be just like us. That is impossible; no two people are alike. However, we can go back to the golden rule. Treat others as we wish to be treated. Something to certainly think about here.
Even though Bill was Laurie's uncle, all of us called him Uncle Bill. Since then, I bump into him every so often around town. He has a wife he affectionately calls "Dragon Lady" and a grown son who lives near Boston. He must be around 80 and has had cancer and a stroke, but keeps on ticking. He has such an infectious smile and is so happy when he sees me that I have even gotten off a float in a parade to give him a hug.
6 And he arose, and went into the house; and he poured the oil on his head, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I have anointed thee king over the people of the LORD, even over Israel.
in charleston...when he asked me to marry him. i could not stop smiling... it was physically impossible! this pic was taken by my sister susie, thank you so much sweet su-su for capturing a little piece of this wonderful time with this great shot :)
He wondered if he should speak, say something to let her know he wasn’t a threat to her. But in the back of his mind he wanted nothing more than to be out of harm’s way. Hoping to gain positive ground by using an obstacle as interference, Ben knocked over one of the chairs from the wicker dining set. Turning on heel he made a swift vault for the closet where the shotgun was located.
Not just puppy fat then?
Cook dinner for about a month. Twice a month for groceries. Two hours for all parents. One night, I will. Insurance call. Added to the list is now, when people ask what they can bite you – and to create activities that will help them feel better able to manage the size, but with some help. Remember, gifts for men can be obtained with small kindnesses. And outside the facility, or are not available throughout the day to do it. A few hours of your time clock remains a long, hot bubble bath is like when you can luxuriate in the counts. Minimum and maximum value for the extraction of our new game. Stress, strain, and no money down and a large reduction in depression. Search by selecting a wedding gift.
Besides the fact that the government's view is an admission that it cannot fulfill the basic function of a government, viz., to protect its citizens, it is also an oversimplification of the situation and a distortion of reality. The government tries to ignore the consequences of its own legislation adopted since 1994.
‘Cause when I’m paddlin’ Madelin’ home,
But there are good business reasons to keep using age statements. Whiskey enthusiasts are a small cadre but we buy a lot of whiskey. We like age statements. We know they aren't the only measure of a whiskey's quality or character, and we know older isn't necessarily better, but it's like any other information. Assuming it is factual and reliable, the more information you have about something, the easier it is to make a purchase decision.
Presidential Campaign!
God given abilities)
The house went through foreclosure in late August. The owners and a tenant in the second unit had to move. The bank put the home on the market a couple of weeks ago, after spending $7,500 for painting and new carpets, according to the new listing agent, George DeSalvo, a Realtor with Frank Howard Allen in Greenbrae.
Thanks for the time and the review, Cassidy. Management will take this under consideration. AND, with both apps being free, this is a distinct possibility!
# with The Maccabees
The weather has caught me out somewhat today; it is always warm in our apartment but it was not so warm on the street. I had to do some strategic sunny side walking to keep my body temperature up when walking about today. It is still not cold, you understand but my summer clothing is less than appropriate now. Long sleeves I think tomorrow.
910-426-7828
8. going for a walk (when Im not on bedrest)
In the words of Rudyard Kipling…
My colleague, Evan, found a quote by Donald Miller that he really liked and wrote it on the white board in our office:
During one of our site visits, we were talking and I told them how much I love taking photos of food because I love to eat! That evening when they were at dinner, they took a photo of the pizza and wine that they had and they texted me the link to view the picture. They did the same thing the next night... how cute! :)
Do you have a newspaper? Where could any fair-minded person think these broadcast bullies deserve protection from the guy they try to bully most?
Tod / Death and Geld / Money appeared on the Malaria! debut full length Emotion (Moabit Musik, 1982)Most of which appears on Compiled. “Kaltes Klares Wasser” appeared on their second Malaria!_...Revisited (ROIR, 1983) and became their main hit although why they opted to wait almost a decade to release it as a single (Moabit Musik, 1991) is anyone’s guess. It didn’t hurt them though, since they got a second bite of the cherry when it was covered (albeit to vastly lesser effect) by ChiKs on Speed (Superstar Recordings, 2001).
– A lady shall never be caught unchaperoned with a stranger.
a personal website or web page on which an individual records opinions, links to other sites, etc. on a regular basis.
- MAPS (Q103)
"Seeing these famous faces openly embracing their sexual status has probably made a lot of girls in the proverbial closet feel more comfortable about exploring their feelings and urges,'' Cosmopolitan magazine editor Bronwyn McCahon said.
Keep in mind that these were the days of 55 mph speed limits on the highway.
So I have decided to answer it this way!
Pulling up to the guard window, I handed over my U.S. passport to a thick-necked and balding watchman.
Right off the bat I was reminded of drinking a Guinness as I indulged in my first sip. There was still a ton of foam between me and the beer, but that's part of what makes Left Hand Milk Stout Nitro great. The beer is extremely creamy and smooth going down.
So let me start out by saying, this book probably had one of the craziest and most ambitious plot premises I've ever read. It was absolutely mind-blowing to think of what it would be like to be cyrogenically FROZEN for a couple HUNDRED years in a space ship zooming through space, only to be woken up early, knowing that you'll never see Earth again, and that you may not even make it off that ship ALIVE. I mean,that's just totally insane right?!
Peas - 1/4 cup
A 2003 graduate of Swarthmore College with a degree in Economics, Loeffler earned a master’s degree in educational administration from St. Lawrence in 2011. A native of West Grove, Pa., Loeffler competed as a multi-sport student-athlete at Swarthmore, earning four varsity letters on the hardwood at forward and one on the gridiron as a tight end in his sophomore year.
Since I wrote my last update about my mother, a month ago, she has gotten better. Her episodes of confusion have been fewer, and the severity has been less. In fact, she has been clear in her mind for the last three weeks!
They're all good speculations and you can be proud for being clever enough to think of them but the fact remains that you would be wrong.
Thompson notes that while there is a “predominance of male imagery for God” in the Bible, it is also true that “the Bible does use feminine imagery for God” as well (2). Since “much of our language for God is metaphorical and analogical” (1), there is no grounds for the claim that it is “unbiblical to picture God in analogies from the sphere of women’s experience” (3). What Julian does in her writing is provide a balanced analogy of the parental relationship, both that of the Father and the Mother whenever she deems appropriate. In that way, she is able to elevate from a “second degree” status the part of the woman in the image of God (5).
Whoa, bright lightning through the window and another loud roll of thunder.
Meanwhile, the power wielded by Captain Amadou Haya Sanogo, leader of last week’s putsch, is not automatically perceived here as illegitimate, even though he seized it at gunpoint. A surprising number of Malians appear willing to give Sanogo and his CNRDRE junta the benefit of the doubt, assume his intentions are just, and see how he performs as their new president. This is true precisely because Sanogo is not tainted with any association with politics or political parties (he claimed in one of his first interviews that he has never voted in his life, saying “If you give me the choice between three candidates I don’t trust, I prefer not to vote”). Yes, some Malians see him as a power-hungry figure with dubious motives, but others see him as a true patriot taking a principled stand.
David Friesen (bass), Irio De Paula (guitar), Afonso Vieira (percussion)
While I can’t escape the feeling that there’s something inherently exploitive about relating everyone’s stories, especially since I didn’t get to inform everyone there that I planned on blogging about the event, there did seem to be a couple of recurring themes regarding the nature of sexual violence and its impact.
concerns expressed as to the current alleged unsafe conditions that his kids are have been exposed to for the past five years.
It is a length scroll shooting game that defeats the boss of GALAXYLASER and ACT2 that appears one after another.
Use liver of sulfur or another chemical patina to highlight the stamped letters.
The alien space robot says we are the Narren. We don’t come in peace. We’ve come to exploit your world and we’re taking over, see? Okay–and it turns on the kleig lights and its obviously camera-like appendages (manufactured specially for the occasion so the chimps running the world will recognize the function of them)–you have fifteen seconds to formally surrender in front of the cameras. And he does.
Union Rags, ridden by Julien Leparoux, who is Churchill Downs’ leading jockey, should be able to save ground into the first turn from post position four, tracking Bodemeister. He’s looked the picture of health these last two weeks and has been working out brilliantly.
94. Sabrina (Harrison Ford) – Both versions are great movies.
Next up, I'll be posting on some of the new color and surface trends for 2008. Some of the old with some new twists and those who love shimmery, shiney finishes will be happy to know that metallics in golds and silvers will be strong. Brown will continue into 2008 but with some warmer color companions rather than the recently popular robins egg blue and teals.
and, should i keep trying anyway?
Anyway, next episode will put Andy into the spotlight as he tries to recklessly save Mix…
feeling thankful for: my best friends. this past weekend really made me realize just how lucky i am. kai & jenn, i don't know what i would do without you girls. thanks for sticking by me through the good times and the bad.
Once, under a full moon
For the sake of switching it up, I will tell you what I didn’t like about it first before I gush about the rest. Here it goes:
on the newest poll questions. Weekly forums will be included on the site for fans to
My love to everyone. I'm thinking should I post a photo of my nipple? Probably not. I'd have to make put that disclaimer on my blog, and that's just way too much work right now.
Today I again reach back into unpublished manis to bring you a vampy Ruffian I did a few months back ago. Presenting the ever-popular Ulta For Bitten topped with Sally Hansen Insta-Dry Wined Up.
The sculptor straightened. “Aye, that would be best. Where is Graven?”
Alabado sea el Santisimo
Usually putting hilariously over the top Italian zombie exploitation movies on for Starkwell and Lovelock to enjoy produces mixed results. Hilarity always ensues, but reactions vary. Well now, let’s add JOHN SAXON to the mix and see what happens with this promising 1980 film, “Cannibal Apocalypse”.
coarse sugar 1/4lb
In this extraordinary book, Goldberg reconstructs a landscape of urban decline through a stunning combination of poem, image, artist projects and journal entries until the city itself becomes a persona speaking to us in the samizdat of cities everywhere—graffiti. Goldberg’s tumble down the rabbit hole of broken glass and shattered lives ultimately lands her in her own smouldering red zone of passion, obsession and shame.
Eve knew the stories of the Fall, of a time before she wandered into the colony of Eden, unable to recall anything but her name. She's seen the aftermath of the technology that infused human DNA with cybernetic matter, able to grow new organs and limbs, how it evolved out of control. The machine took over and the soul vanished. A world quickly losing its humanity isn't just a story to her though. At eighteen, this world is Eve's reality.
and the people breathed in stars
Personally I think that you need to be both and you can be both. You need the technical skill and knowledge of your craft in order to understand how a design will translate into an object or into cloth (in my case/discipline). You need the design skill to process your thinking and to develop your designs from source drawings to developed outcomes.
You don't have to do anything. You can do one thing and not another. But the deeper you plunge the wetter you get. I think every part of this is fun, I think people will enjoy the ARG, the app, the site and the books.
Joel Kyack
Sam The Cat won.
Man oh man, do I have a slew of Before & After shots for you today! Happy Monday, by the way. I hope you all had a fabulous weekend. I am now truly blonde again (as opposed to that weird orange color I was sporting), and my son's wrist is officially broken. Awesome. He's trying to convince me he can play soccer, but not piano. Clearly he thinks this is my first rodeo, because he was shocked to find out there are plenty of left-handed pieces to choose from for recital! Score one for mom (a rare victory!)
Which usually leads to more snacking.
All you got to do is keep your arms crossed in front of you, and you let your body lean forward. The wind is so strong you will automatically start floating!!!!!
Now the theme this time is 'Things with Wings'..... so of course, in my mind, it has to be a fairy or a butterfly... but thats just my way of thinking... lots of other things have wings too..
Cornelia Lüdecke is President of the International Commission on History of Meteorology and Chair of the History of Antarctic Research Action Group of the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research. Her background is as a historian of science with a diploma in meteorology. In her PhD thesis she analyzed the history of German polar research of the period 1900-1939. With her second theses on special chapters from the history of earth sciences she passed her habilitation and became a “Privatdozent” (private lecturer) at the University of Hamburg.
Best hug I've ever gotten. :)
TY: What has this whole process taught you about yourself? And has it changed how you approach writing?
These guys are a hardcore/metalcore band from Portland, USA. Virtues consists of Shawn Scheck (vocals), Blake Cropley (guitar) and Peter Bruns (drums) but when the band plays gigs they bring in Garret Dodgion (guitar) and Kevin Parke (bass/vocals).
When the fireworks were over, everyone stood up and began the long walk back to wherever they were living that night. Some undoubtedly went to their hotel and others went back to their house. Maybe some went to their cars and others went a walking (like us!). It could be that others went to nowhere as they had nowhere to go or back to their box under a bridge. But for those 25 minutes at Point State Park, we were altogether one people.
Another agent had a requested a partial and a book proposal and I was waiting to hear back from her. My last thought before I sent the email was, “It's not going to hurt anything to send it. She'll probably never read it anyway.”
When I ordered a tunic from Wet Seal, it came with an elastic and faux leather belt. The belt was cute, but too big and I couldn’t do my usual cutting trick since the elastic was sewn to the rest of the belt. I came up with another solution:
Bone china cups and saucers
I'm looking forward to visiting everyone's blogs today. First though, it's the Rings & Things trunk show and then I'm having a little bangle making bracelet party here with two beading buddies. Can't wait!
- 1 teaspoon of dried basil
In the recent case of Fraser v HMA [2011] UKSC 24 the UKSC granted special leave on the basis that the refusal of the High Court to receive a devolution minute was itself a decision regarding a devolution minute and that the UKSC considered that there was a “strongly arguable” case that the High Court had got it wrong.
24 MIni Clear Acrylic Flowers
And last but not least, my most favorite of all the awesome and colorful birds in this country, the Gang Gang Cockatoos have been visiting the trees in front of our house. More great photos and video of my feathery friends in previous seasons can be found here.
The occasion was the opening of the IBM Building in New York. The composer conducted the Columbia Broadcasting System's orchestra, and this set is a memento. It opens with a spoken introduction that oddly starts in the middle of a thought - apparently it is an excerpt of an address at the opening ceremony, or such is my supposition.
Caffeine moonlit eyes
Don't forget to check out my School Pinterest Board with lots of other creative ideas! I haven't decided what we are giving our teachers this year, have you? I'd love to hear what your favorite gift ideas are, leave a comment and share them with me below!
As regards his second reason, both Belgian and EU law allow the Freedom of Peaceful Assembly. There is no law or precedent that allows Thielemans to pre-judge the actions of a peacefully planned demonstration, especially if its organisers have no history of violence.
Velvet Underground - Loaded - 1970
Well, today I went to the doctor for my yearly check up. I stepped on the scale and saw the number. It was a number I didn't like. It's the same number I saw the last time I stepped on a scale.
Textiles (faces). 16th c. India (Moghuls). Diverse Heritage. Stone inlay. Cut and shape semi-precious stones. Jasper. Topaz. Flora. Fauna. Dramatic Islamic Art.
“Better than a Chimp I guess.” I said solemnly.
sank to the seabed, since this condition is stable until the situation is now, already
“You must be lonely, buy this”.
And of course to my blogging friends who've been here for it all...
As an aside: Internal communication doesn't seem to be much better. The first communiqué I received about this matter did not include the actual bylaw language proposed. In an effort to be informed and fair, I contacted a school board member in order to familiarize myself with the proposal's specifics. As of Saturday morning, at least some of the school board members had received neither an agenda nor an information packet related to Monday's meeting and had no idea that bylaw changes were even being proposed. The public, on the other hand, is expected to have their act together well in advance to be considered at all.
I’d had a pretty rough semester so far and I leaned my head against the wall, still feeling the sting of opening myself up, of being so vulnerable the night before. Looking back at that night in the tub I wanted to laugh, laugh because I’ve learned sometimes that’s the only way to deal with feeling stupid. And I sure felt stupid letting my emotions get the best of me. Dealing with your feelings is never an easy thing. It had been so odd, walking by him and knowing that we’d had such a personal discussion, knowing that only two weeks ago sitting in that tub things seemed like they might work out for the both of us.
If you have access to the Internet, check out www.veterinarypartner.com and look up chocolate toxicity. The website has an excellent chart comparing the number of ounces of chocolate a pet would need to ingest for toxicity.
Little can be found on The Troubadors. Apparently in 1957 Dave Kapp hired The Troubadors to do a song with Jane Morgan titled "Fascination". The tune became an instant sensation and remained on the charts for 29 weeks.
The entire cause of the problem.
It happens every year. A list is posted, and one girl from each grade is chosen as the prettiest, and another is chosen as the ugliest. Nobody knows who makes the list. It almost doesn’t matter. The damage is done the minute it goes up.
I know there's something much more
See you on the road!
Lastly I have Paper perfect, which when painted gives the finish of handmade paper. I love this but I can't seem to source it in white. I have it in lilac so I added ton's of white paint to it to achieve the look.
Gloss. ord.: Or, the Lord whom they killed, came immediately rising from the dead, and brought to an evil end those wicked husbandmen, and gave up His vineyard to other husbandmen, that is, to the Apostles.
cat. Pillow purrs unconcerned with setting
I thought carefully about his question, and then I replied, “It’s not one thing, it’s two: gratitude and letting go.” Gratitude for everything, not just the things we consider good or a blessing. And letting go of everything we can’t change.
BBC Scotland's rather unusual approach to the data on which of the two major parties won or lost the greater number of seats, was odd in the extreme. They appear to have counted the by-elections, expulsions and resignations that occurred between the 2007 and 2012 elections and then deducted them from the results in 2007! However, they are our very own state broadcaster and it is their prerogative as to how they inform or misinform the license paying electorate. On Friday as the results came in STV used the base results of 2007 and the world of the cybernat was content. Flash forward to Sunday and for some bizarre reason they've started using the BBC figures.
Gradually, you acclimatise to the slumber that is setting in around you as you become part of the spell that is being cast. Squirrels hoard their stock. Deciduous trees shut down their growth. Darkness falls earlier and days go minimal. Black meanders through, just a few minutes earlier with each turn of the planet. And daylight, in an inversion of long, endless, summer, scuttles away, half-ashamed, after briefly punctuating the dusk.
I nodded eagerly, climbing up onto the sleigh and shutting my eyes. I felt her press something with the texture of a sugar lump into my palm. I held it between my fingers, lifted my hand and took a bite. As it began to melt on my tongue, my mouth was flooded with the sweetness of maple sugar candy and my imagination thrilled with the magic of this gift from the candy trees.
So many fun favorite things!! Be sure to check out each Pixie blog, to see what is on their list of favorites. And we are all looking forward to seeing your favorites,too! A very gigantic Pixie thank you to everyone who played along in last week's sketch challenge! The lucky winner is:
For my first food post, I would like to share a french delicacy with you all. Well, I’m sure everyone has heard of crepes, but some of you might not have tried them. I decided to make some a couple of weeks ago, and they turned out pretty good. Because of copyright issues, I probably can’t post the recipe on here, BUT I can tell you that I got it off of the app Sweet + on my iPad, so if you want to go and get that app, go right ahead. It’s actually a really good and fancy app, with about (I might be wrong) 20 or more recipes on it, mostly desserts and candy stuff. Anyway, its just basically your regular crepes, with fried apples, with all of it drizzled with honey. I tried it, and my suggestion would be DO NOT use honey. I love honey, but smothering crepes with it and then trying to eat it… its just too sweet. I think whipped cream with it would have been nice.
The critics say: “Guitarist Derek Miller and vocalist Alexis Krauss are the kind of music geeks who had their formative-crush experiences soundtracked to My Bloody Valentine and Slayer records.” – Rolling Stone
KERS
Tools: (masking paper) Inkadinkado
Easy right? A couple of tips - have something heat resistant underneath the melting pot (your table will thank you) and I used a melting pot liner so that I can use the leftovers for another project (avoiding clean up as much as possible ;0P).
On Saturday, I had a tarot reading with Rachel Pollack, who I had met the previous day, and had spoken with during a workshop the previous night. She is amazing, and I highly recommend all of her books, and having a reading from her if you ever get the opportunity. The reading had homework with it (!?!), which I’m in the process of completing, but it was entirely consonant with some of the other oracular matters that had come up in the previous days. I tried to put it into practice immediately after the reading, but sort of faltered in the moment: without going into too much detail, I felt I was in a situation where the next thirty seconds could literally change everything, and rather than risk failure and disappointment, I defaulted back to my previous plans. I somewhat feel it was a missed opportunity in retrospect, but I also can’t vouch for the possibility that as a result of what could have occurred then, I might not have just blown off all the rest of the events for the day, including a ritual/performance that I was in. However, I’ll talk more about that ritual tomorrow/in the near future, in a separate entry, and you’ll see why some of it has relevance to this situation. I went from there to a session that was on Ritual Drama that was put on by Derik Cowan (one of the founders of the Circle of Dionysos, who played Antinous in our ritual drama last year at PantheaCon!) and Robin La Sirene, who has been in OLT and in “Yes They Are!” for the past few years as well. It was a good and enjoyable event, and I’m glad I went.
If water burns, what is your body experiencing? But he’s the most loving human being. Warm, giving and misguided. But all in all, so beautiful. His torment is an answer we refuse to accept. He lives with it daily, and he waits. Is it restitution, revival or reprieve? Too late for the answer, but just enough time for the enjoyment.
The packet is new and I have not used the activities yet so if you see any errors please let me know!
Have you been taking advantage of Spring weather and moving your workouts outside? I need to go for more walks before it gets too hot. It was 91 here today, so its quickly becoming too hot!
The next day, Westerville PD made arrangements for Julian to ride along with an officer for a day. When the ride ended, the officer took Julian back to the station for their annual Christmas luncheon. The Jack Maxton Chevrolet employees took the vehicle to the stationhouse for this special surprise delivery. When the luncheon was over, they presented the car to an unsuspecting Julian. He was totally surprised and there was not a dry eye in the building. The employees from Jack Maxton said it was one of the best things they had ever been a part of and we want to thank all who had a part in this special holiday delivery.
There are times as a mom that I feel guilty. I feel like maybe I'm taking the easy road.
taper at the Boston Garden. Both sound like they were recorded close up, not alot of
Ice Mammoth – 1000 gold + Exalted with Sons of Hodir
After a fun afternoon together, we finally made our way to the Ladybug's favorite restaurant. It is a place we only visit about once per year because it is rather expensive, but it boasts the best Asian food around. We all loved the food as well as the time together.
When I put my knowledge of music theory now into my own guitar playing I can see a huge improvement all from the music theory.
Richard!
A good beer with a bad meal – can there be a greater source of misery?
Last weekend our adventures in crafting took us to the cozy beachy Encinitas CA for a two day event. Since the event occurred on the historic 101 HWY we were lucky enough to take our number one attraction also known as Jack (my parent’s black lab). We got up before the sun (4 AM), crammed into our pickup truck and headed on the road. Since this was our third event this month, we had the routine down pretty good but still was groggy. We decided to upgrade to a corner booth so our set up was slightly different than our Fallbrook event and our weekly street fair in Palm Springs. Here is a shot of our booth pretty early in the first day.
I can’t say it was good for writing, but it was good for thinking. I would have trouble sleeping, so I would think about things like conversations and such while I was lying in my bed.
Hoarding art work in place.
Lightning at my window in the middle of the night.
Davina Montgomery is no ordinary English lady. For her own protection, she's been locked away from society, her true identity the Crown's most closely guarded secret. Until a shocking betrayal--and a bold rescue--land her in the arms of a fierce Highlander, a powerful warrior whose searing gaze and tantalizing touch awaken her body and soul.
Subsequently the world can be viewed as a terrible or a beautiful place all based upon opinion; it is simply what we choose to see it as. In my altruistic point of view too much death ,destruction, suffering and pain goes on within this world for it to be considered “beautiful” but I believe the world is capable of change; but humanity has to take the first step because the world won’t change on it’s on.
Thud.
when nobody gives a fuck
The day actually fell on a Monday, Adrienne had gotten out of school (pictures of that later) on Friday and my mom agreed to having her visit for the weekend. For two reasons one Adrienne had been wanting to go and 2) Mom wanted to see her. Cool Russ and I have the whole weekend together. Friday itself wasn't so bad. I had given Russ his present, a saltwater fishing pole from Bass Pro Shop, and we went to Walmart and Target, where I got some things for the baby's room. We ate at the little Japanese place in the mall. All the while Russ is in pain, not the typical back pain he feels constantly since the IED but another pain.
When I was ready to decorate the cake, I opened the fridge, and gasped when I saw that the pastry cream was oozing and dripping down the sides of the cake. Not pretty. I guess I didn't let it set enough. But I tried not to freak out, and just used a spatula to scrape off the excess pastry cream and dump it in the sink. What a waste. At least there was still a thin layer of pastry cream in between the two cakes!
The following Monday, while the girl again got undressed, the wife asked, "Do you shave?"
The local artist’s hardened antique lace bib necklaces and satin bows strung on brass chain are what first caught our eye. Nested stone cocktail rings, silky fringe earrings, and whimsical wire wording (“honeymustard” or “mayo”) round out the quirky collection.
We all see you smiling and glowing in the light. May you know that LOVE, the one universal sustaining force, is being sent to you right now and always will be. May you feel it and know that love is without end. You will always be loved and you will always be remembered. Love to you dear ones. Peace be with you all of you. Know that we love you, The Prayer Team.
"Of course not, sir," Riker grinned slightly, an ineffectual attempt to hide from the astute captain the touch of nervousness that now clouded his brow. Picard had been in a strange, almost mischievous, mood earlier that morning. He had asked Riker to accompany him to the transporter room to meet their guests. "I believe you will know one member of the team," he had said, smiling enigmatically. And that was the only information the captain would provide about Riker's alleged acquaintance.
(DEF II, v.3, ch.37, pp.416, fn.24)
Note that this was on Veteran’s Day, and that there was no good reason for these city workers to be replacing this sign on a holiday. It merely changed one word, “dusk”, as the time to exit the park.
I had to call the patient's nephrologist, which wasn't so bad-- and then my boss. I didn't know until after I called her, but Jojo had had a patient code as well this week. His patient didn't make it.
Are you safe in your bed
and shoes on and then she was outside enjoying it.....
Is it that obvious?
1 ounce crushed macadamia nuts (optional)
Husband and wife Randy Stodola (guitar) and Dianne Chai (bass) first made noise in the L.A. Punk scene as two-thirds of The Alley Cats. With drummer John McCarthy rounding out the trio, The Alley Cats issued their debut single, "Nothing Means Nothing Anymore," on the influential Dangerhouse label in 1978. Playing a swampy style of garage punk that placed them somewhere along the spectrum between X and The Gun Club, The Alley Cats proved to be a popular live act. Chai's exotic look and outstanding proficiency on bass was an obvious drawing card; she and Stodola shared lead vocal duties, a large part of the band's unique personality and appeal. That first single is probably the closest they ever got to capturing the reported energy of their live shows on any of their recordings, however, and over the years The Alley Cats have somewhat faded into history.
If DPM Muddy would grant :
Rating: All ages
The loudly spoken narrative is that all Airbus pilots love their planes and think they're the best thing since sliced bread, however, as with the political narrative in the MSM, there's more than an undercurrent of dissension.Because in Practice, there is a difference between Theory and Practice. I've spent most of my career in a field that wouldn't exist if software architects could design products without gross errors and software engineers could implement those designs without even more gross errors.
p.s. I begin Gonal F tomorrow!
and give them diseases
The fact is that we have "Look at me! Look at MEEEeeeee!" disorder. American goofiness is the black-sheep-bastard-middle-child of French comedy. I'm pretty sure a record for eye rolls was set by French audiences watching Ace Ventura.
Yes, she basically decimated what was left of last year's fairy garden.
Ah.
abetting Soh for the said offence.
We want you to know that you are making your way home with every step you take that carries with it Acceptance and Unconditional Love for your fellow human beings and your Galactic sisters and brothers. You are making your way Home towards the Light of Oneness. May you see and know that by converging with the hearts of all beings, you are treading the path back to Oneness with All That Is.
Relatedly, during his first term or so, I praised Greg Abbott's open records division for consistently fighting for transparency. But increasingly I'm seeing opinions like this one, particularly related to the law-enforcement exception, where the AG appears to be looking for excuses to close records instead of defending Texas' tradition of openness, which is his statutory charge under the Public Information Act. Rulings like this one make a joke of the preamble to the Public Information Act, which contains the high-minded and oft-ignored assertion that: "The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The people insist on remaining informed so that they may retain control over the instruments they have created."
“—And, just because the authors back in the day used “nigger” in their works because it was part of society speak, even if they might not be a racist themselves, they can’t be in the “classics” section at Borders in the mall?”
So purple! So squishy! He would not open his eyes, but he gave a mighty cry straight off. He had a nice long cord, so I got to hold him comfortably, keeping him in the warm water. His brow was so wrinkled and concerned. Gavin made me double check that he really was a boy first thing. That was tough because he was so slippery, but he is indeed a boy, with all the requisite parts. He wasn't super happy about his arrival, till I nursed him and then he was ready to join us in ernest. He's a sucker! He actually had a little blister on his hand from sucking it in the womb.
Hehehehe, I thought this one was TOO funny. I couldn't resist. I'm sure y'all could come up with some funny layouts with this one, right?
I couldn’t blame her for being angry. Her dogs, some of her closest friends in the world, had died because she had been saving me, only for her to find out shortly afterward that I had been a traitor. Maybe saving me hadn’t been her primary motivation, but it seemed she’d used the past week and an unhealthy dose of simmering anger to revise her perception of things so I was to blame for what had happened. It wasn’t getting better, either. She seemed to get angrier with every hour spent in my company, and I was worried I’d have to face the brunt of it very soon.
Honduras restaurant is tucked off of Murfreesboro Road near East Thompson Lane. You have to be looking for the joint to find it. Fans of Vinh-Long, the long-time Vietnamese restaurant next door, will know the location well. We’ve been meaning to come here for a number of years after hearing good things. Needless to say, Honduran food is the focus and it’s done in a simple and effective manner.
(We're not supposed to be using our ovens. They use too much energy.)
Today I wore my beloved "boyfriends jeans" and I absolutely love them. They are so comfy and wearable. Since I didn't want things to get too casual, I paired the jeans with a button-up and a turquoise necklace (and, darn, you're not really able to see it). I'll try to improve my "photo skills" for next time.
Anyway this is the blog where you will find updates on the foster cats.
See it – believe it – achieve it, that’s the winning formula I like to design with my clients in helping them keep an eye on their Best Year Yet plan and keep the momentum of progress unfolding.
Sam Schwodler gave us a one-nil lead mid-way through the first-half. His appetite for goals is all the motivation he needs to get himself into goalscoring positions. Although Marc Judd's twenty-five yard free-kick had neither the pace nor the direction to cause Durley's goalkeeper any problems, Schwodler was prepared to take a chance by following it towards goal. When it was fumbled by Durley's goalkeeper, Schwodler had the relatively simple task of tapping the ball in. This goal owed much to his willingness to take a chance on what might only occur on one or two occassions in twenty. Durley's 'keeper wore a bright fluorescent orange jersey which was in stark contrast to the grey skies, while his woolly hat kept his hair a secret. He denied Schwodler a second goal with a decent save, but in doing so he pushed the ball into the path of Lee Fielder, who stood seven yards away from an unprotected goal. Instead of ending up in the back of the blue net, the ball landed in somebody's driveway.
Pours dark amber color with heavy lacing. Has a sweet taste with a slightly thick mouth feel. A second glass revealed this to be more malty than hoppy and highly carbonated. There’s a taste of roasted nuts or bread there too with a sweet finish. Hard to find hereabouts and pricey from what I hear, but worth a try for sure.
Cheryl writes wonderful little pieces to introduce each poem.
The theme/prompt for this week was: MORNING
This morning, I looked up the online Australian newspaper, and all I read was about people suing each other; people torching people’s houses, politicians misusing tax payers funds, people being shot, and people being inflammatory and racist against each other.
Then they came.
What is one thing you wish you could throw away?
But, seeing as I envision this blog to be a kind of time capsule for my daughter, I feel that I should set all other concerns aside to tell this story:
You have been with me all through the bad times.
Anyway, while Gordon and Mama were discussing what to do, I went to her back yard to take some pictures.
908 ***D-IX/26/1985. “Article I, Sections 1-6 of the Constitution of 1787.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 26-38, 309 (1989).)
Sunday, April 22nd
I just received my copy a couple of weeks ago, and I am so proud to be part of Matthew's beautiful book (I wrote some stories and my little Sophie makes an appearance via her playhouse). be sure to pick it up via Amazon.com and Amazon.ca. It is a really gorgeous book!
Occupy groups across the U.S. have protested economic disparity, decrying high foreclosure and unemployment rates that hurt average Americans while bankers and financial executives received bonuses and taxpayer-funded bailouts. In the past six months, similar groups, using social media and other tools, have sprung up in Europe, Asia and Latin America.
The survey slip has two simple human figures — front and back — on which the inked among Osaka municipal staff must mark where their tattoos are if anywhere from their shoulders down to their fingers, from the neck up, and from their knees down to their toes.
Fast paced, with mystery about Ben's past, romantic entanglements, totally loony killers from a hidden Catholic sect and a corrupt Archbishop. The book reads like it was originally a Hollywood screen play, gates "breaking like Balsa wood", glass shattering around him... etc. It is ok if you want a fast paced thriller which as little believability ... however Mr Mariani claims at the end that this is all well researched. Maybe on the key points of the story but then it is let down by poor research and other non believable stuff. We're told Mr Hope only ever deals in cash which he gets from a safe deposit box... once... but he buys a car, a motorbike, rents numerous hotel suites and villas etc. all I can say is Mr Hope must have a jacket with bloody big pockets! Also sadly for a real nitpickity sod like me a Citroen 2CV car is made an unlikely hero in a scene involving a level crossing... the 2CV is mortally wounded in this encounter as we're told the water is pouring from it's radiator... funny 2CV only ones I've ever seen were air cooled! I know a silly little thing but really if it had been a Clio I'd not have thought - couldn't you have wiki'd that to be certain?
People don't do things like that
When they tell you it's a do-it-yourself operation, they are not kidding!
from the Left?
The origins of Indian chinese can be found in the eastern region of India, predominantly in the state of West Bengal.
sets by TCM.
I went for recess. I fought the Jelly Gobbers.
The four of us clink our glasses together and cheer manly and incomprehensible bollocks to each other’s drunken faces.
Among the exclusive inventory at Panini Authentic right now are autographed jerseys worn by the Dallas Mavericks on Dec. 25, 2011 — when the team raised its 2011 NBA Championship banner.
K is for Krynoid
There is a steel blue and an olive green field print fabric.
I’d be remiss if I failed to mention there’s no doubt Stephen King, by reputation (and sales) alone, is master of the horror genre. I’ve read, enjoyed, been in awe of many of his novels and short stories. I admit that. BUT, as fantastic as his work may be, he never reached in and touched that vulnerable, terrified chamber of my heart in the way the following five gentlemen have.
I've been working on my current WIP and I got to 15K and realized something. I'm not being mean enough. I'm not throwing enough obstacles at my main character. I've made her life too easy.
Anyway, here you go:
04 Battery Kinzie
The first half of the report contains recommendations for improving palliative care, including the need for greater public awareness of the full range of palliative care options available today. We at the Euthanasia Prevention Coalition (EPC) support these recommendations. EPC believes that improvements to pain and symptom management must be systematically implemented before the issue of euthanasia can be fairly addressed.
We did it last year.
Iconic Moment:
Some of what I learnt is useful for any novelist. There's Pinter: what's between the words spoken is as important as the words, so how do you make that happen in your reader's head? There's learning Shakespeare by heart and speaking it, to develop your ear for how character-in-action is embodied in the sound and rhythm of words. And it's useful for an author: after all those years of acting, I'm not too fazed at an event when the sound system goes down or the coffee machine starts up.
Reagan-"Reid..sob...sniffle..sob..he...cry..sob..pee..."
I’m always hands on but I quit playin tag a long time ago.
Peter Crowther – Newsflash
“He’s a fat guy with a tiny little dick the size of a bookie’s biro”
Cardstock (kraft, white and yellow)
April 16 - Sol Saks, TV writer ("Bewitched"), 100
I must look at tomorrow and know that it is another day. A run will just be another run and no matter how I feel about what I did and did not accomplish, I must know that it was better than doing nothing. I must look at my embarrassing moment and find some good in it. What I take from each obstacle will only help me improve, no matter the lies, negativity, or defeat.
Surprisingly, I couldn't take a Madden. They are all great.
And see what you can find;
The Law of Retribution is an unforgiving Law and may punishment for the sick hypocritical do-gooders that supported the ANC be as harsh and unforgiving as is possible and may we the sufferers of their actions be allowed the privilege to witness the full execution of their punishment.
My first visit for a while and I opted for old reliable - a pint of the Thwaites Nutty Black. This was a brief visit, chatting to the guy I saw in Shakespeares about football (the results of which I now knew) and beers here in Sheffield. It was nice to slow down and enjoy another dark pint of beer and a chat, but with celebration on my mind I opted to go for a last one in the Cat round the corner....
My point is not to say that there are no legitimate concerns, or conspiracies, but that energy brought to these beliefs is going to tend to skew what you find plausible. In fiction the single most overlooked problem is that while there is an enormous history of societal collapse, the people living within that society never really know when, where, or exactly how it is going to occur. There are an awful lot of survivalists folks ready for the big one back in the cold war who have since dead of old age. The problem is not only surviving a collapse of 'X' type, but surviving up to that point in our current circumstances.
The frosting is a Swiss meringue, super fluffy and decadent. The cake itself was made using the reverse cream method, which kicks all kinds of ass if you want a mile high super moist cake. This cake is monstrous, so make it for a crowd. I had my parents and sister over (5 adults, 2 kids), and we still could just eat half of it. Enjoy!
If you'd like to see a preview of our Gingerbread Galore unit you
Borland R, Savvas S, Sharkie F, Moore K. The impact of structural packaging design on young adult smokers' perceptions of tobacco products. Tobacco Control 2011
“Therefore, we request that the DID repair the broken levees immediately,” Zulkifli said.
Father: Barack Obama with his wife Michelle and daughters Malia (left) and Sasha (right)
Now this lady was not young and I'm guessing that she had a fair bit of experience in her field, but she had great difficulty in extacting blood from me---said it was my fault---I should drink more fluids and doctors should tell fasting patients to drink plenty of water before presenting to have blood taken---she tried both arms at the inner elbow and my right wrist but extracted a minimal amount---she told me how good she was and divided the sample into three and said that it would be sufficient.
12oz Vodka
Who is ________________?
Speaking of Kiki, the first night I was here at Jane's, my roommate Donna got up in the middle of the night and found Kiki waiting for me by the door, in the dark. Since Kiki usually sleeps curled up next to me, for at least part of the night, she misses me. I'm only a couple of miles away, but she doesn't know that.
Movies:
Yer gonna make me lonesome when you go
The top of the rock. Read, how I got there!
USP: I’ve never been to California, but they make it sound sunnier and more appealing than The Beach Boys. Bethany Cosentino’s voice is stronger than many of her rivals’, plus they absolutely make the California sound their own.
It was a very positive meeting - she says we have every right to pursue it, and witnesses to the work done, so she doesn't foresee any problems. The best part is - we don't have to pay them upfront, they add a percentage on to the amount owing, which gets paid when the debt gets paid.
Family: husband Brad and two kids, a son and a daughter
And so the year ends and now is the time to look back at the year that was and make the inevitable top ten list. I know it’s like pouring water into the ocean, it’s not going to make much of a difference, but it’s still something I find fun. Now I will point out that one movie missing from
Posted By: Tyler B. (YDS Host)
Well hopefully this year won't be as rough and we can find some answers!!!
NADA SURF - The Stars Are Indifferent To Astronomy
Mobile advertising has opened up a unique opportunity for SMBs. It allows them to target by geo-location and reach people as they’re looking at what’s around them. Even better, advertisers can target customers by zip code, which is particularly useful considering that most purchases are made in the immediate vicinity of one’s home or office. So, when evaluating advertising options, small businesses should choose solutions that allow them to target customers by a location size that is most relevant to their business.
If someone is not a Christian, and is involved in homosexual activity, chances are that no amount of preaching is going to change their mind. Their position is fostered by the sinful nature which dwells within, and from which, without Christ, they have no escape. To them, homosexuality is just a lifestyle, whether they believe it is the way they were born, or it is a choice. Society has accepted this stance as well and just serves to nurture their belief that there is nothing wrong with what they are doing. For this reason, the primary goal should be to reach these people with the gospel of Christ. Until and unless they receive the Lord, they will have no reason to seek to change. So proclaiming the gospel to these people is the most loving thing we can do for them.
And then what a surprise, Adele's Rolling in The Deep is one of the soundtracks which I only realized the second time I watched it. One major element that makes this film dope! And the cast— Alex Pettyfer, Dianna Agron, the Number Six girl and the rest that I didn't recognize— was decent except for this stupid dude (you know how in every movie they have this little innocent, stupid character) because I particularly have no liking for fools.
1/2 cup flaked unsweetened coconut
Special Equipment: Crock-pot
I guess its just what my kids do.
Departmental reorganizations tend to be cyclical. No structure is perfect; all involve compromise, a balancing of strengths and weaknesses. For example, you are running a large company with national coverage. To reduce bureaucracy and encourage initiative, you reorganize on a regional basis, devolving considerable autonomy to regional and local structures. Great, but now brand inconsistency begins to creep in, and efficiencies of scale, for example in procurement, are lost. So you reorganize into a national functional structure, centralizing specialisms such as operations, marketing and engineering into single, efficient, standardized national structures.
Fresh salmon filet, with ciboulette sauce
These were super easy to make and a lot of fun.
Or it could be that the latest observations are just wrong.
And so, four long, arduous months later, Brick is finally finished! I can’t say enough about how much I’ve enjoyed this project; it’s a very satisfying knit and a beautiful pattern. Now I can knit something else – guilt free!
What has happened is that Suarez has been tried in the court of public opinion, based on a prior knowledge of previous convinctions (something that would not be allowed in a court of law) and without reference to any evidence other than opinions expressed by newspapers such as the Mirror.
I recently purchased some of the new Multi Media paper from Strathmore. This is a portion of a painting I just finished and I did like the new paper very much. Some of the pros are that it took watercolor washes quite well, and colored pencil worked much better on it than on the coldpress paper I had been using. For this painting I used watercolors, watercolor crayons, and colored pencils.
Confused? You're not the only one. There was mass hysteria and the world almost imploded.
When the Lord spoke against this in John 2:16, they hated Him for it. He said, “Take these things hence; make not my Father’s house an house of merchandise.” In the same manner Paul’s preaching inEphesushad the same effect. In Acts19:19the believers were convicted of their religious practises, “brought their books together and burned them before all men; and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver.” That is the equivalent of about 7 million dollars.
I want to talk through this experience. I want to talk about what it was like to grow up adopted and how it has affected me, my personality and my parenting style. I want to tell someone all about this journey I’m on to find out about my birth family.
The new frontline in the fightback are small brewers and micro breweries dotted around Wales, from Snowdonia to the south Wales valleys.
It should be one of the glories of the twenty-first century that a woman can be educated, literate, intellectual and still choose whether or not to enter into permanent partnership with a man or another woman and whether or not to have children without giving up her work and interests. Sadly this is still not the case.
haha he said Cox.
You have to walk toward the back to get to the beach. They have a small gift shop in the front.
Updated 10/10/2011
Nose no longer raised. Nose being blown. Lungs thrashed. Sleep eludes.
The prevailing wisdom at the time was that it was a horrible time to start a new business. But Harthorne and Nigam didn’t think that was the case.
The last group’s job was to assemble all the stories from the first 3 groups and make it one hell of a tale. ‘Remember’, she said, ‘Titanic didn’t only go down with unfortunate lives, but she also went down with worldly luxuries. Children became orphans, a large amount of women became widows and most of them lost the breadwinner in their family ’ and that was my first encounter with her majesty, the unsinkable Titanic.
That type of statement puts the focus on parental rights. "It's a parents right to educate their children however they choose!"
GUITAR CENTER SESSIONS PRESENTS AN EVENING OF DIALOGUE AND INSIGHT WITH SLASH
Thanks so much for the visit.
1 darkness
* personal items ( toothbrush, hairbrush, rubber band, soap)
The dark side of the brown egg looked almost like chocolate. My brain kept telling me it couldn't be that dark! And it's as smooth as a baby's behind. I like the reflected light, though.
to make the soup:
Homer (our dog) sniffing my bulging belly. Not sure if he could actually sense the baby or if he was hoping that food feel down my shirt and landed on my belly.
delicately wafting through arbours of ivy
I am determined to free myself from the destructive patterns of my past.
The hardware is as cutting edge as it comes. There are some extremely powerful innards at play here, and as soon as you fire up a copy of Uncharted, you’ll see what your money has bought you.
Here’s the official pitch for STORMDANCER:
With hindsight we now know that copper did in fact peak in February. Since then it has meandered lower, participating in the general commodity retracement. The introduction of the two ETFs (iShares Copper Trust ETF and the JP Morgan Physical Copper Shares ETF) were fantastic sentiment signals.
Waitrose has got a 25% off offer on all its wines until next Tuesday (28th), a great chance to buy slightly more expensive wine than you might normally feel able to afford. It applies if you buy six bottles in store or a minimum of 12 online. Bottles that would tempt me include (reduced prices in brackets)
If you already have a Nook or don't want one, it would make a great birthday gift, or you could donate it to another giveaway! Please go check it out on their blog!!! This is such a worthy cause and Victoria really needs to come home!!
These unfortunate statistics are confirmed in a recent (1988-1990) study conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to compare the nutrient profiles of the leading species of wild and cultivated fish and shellfish. Three species of fish that contain beneficial omega 3 fats were included: catfish, rainbow trout, and coho salmon.
“Well, Kim Junsu ssi is suffering from too much stress and is forcing his body to work under weak conditions. From what I can also see, he hasn’t been eating properly, very malnourished which looks like a sign of anorexia, his body is weary from working too much, and not rested at all.” She said while reading her papers.
"So, it seems, Joseph Smith wasn't entirely honest. And that revelation could devastate a religion with 14 million followers."
If you’re working in a warmer kitchen, pop your cut dough back in the fridge for about ten minutes until it sets some.
“Without a sound foundation in ‘sex love,’” Marston wrote in 1939, “no human being of either sex can possibly submit to any social control and like it.”
I didn't say anything, though. I just kept looking for my stuff, and ignored her skinny ass. I wish I had turned around and said, "Excuse me?" But I didn't. I was more in the mood to just get on with my evening, and not call out some rude-ass skinny bitch on her fucking issues with my size.
Cool Water, Eddie Arnold
Because of this urge to get a job, I’m faced with my “demons”. I am calling them demons because they’re destructive. They are the noises in my head that tell me I’m not good enough, that I may not be able to achieve what I wanted, or people won’t hire me, etc. you name it! These noises pull down my confidence, and as a result, I have fear in me – mainly fear of failure. But all these are noises and feeling. They are not the “real” me. They are there because it’s normal to have thoughts and doubts. It’s part of being human to have all these doubt, emotions, and thoughts. I decided to befriend and welcome them. I don’t want to push them away, and just simply let them be what they are.
Long, long ago, when Snow Woman was young, she had a different name (which only she remembers), and she lived on a different world, in a place where it never snowed. It was warm and sunny, and full of trees and flowers. She was the only daughter of a great warrior, and not one of her six brothers could equal her skill with lance and bow, with sword and stave—and on horseback she could outride and outfight anyone in the kingdom. She was also very good at a great many other things. But Snow Woman was not happy. Every day she looked up to the frozen blue sky that lay over the ice mountains of the north, and every day she felt them calling her more and more.
7. 210 Weaver Street… Asked $1,700,000. Sold $1,205,000. Started 10/2003
one body,
SLEEK Berry Collection £10 Superdrug
By bringing these choice spirits to earth, each father and each mother assume towards the tabernacled spirit and towards the Lord Himself by having taken advantage of the opportunity He offered, an obligation of the most sacred kind, because the fate of that spirit in the eternities to come, the blessings or punishments which shall await it in the hereafter, depend, in great part, upon the care, the teachings, the training which the parents shall give to that spirit.
Of course the more I drank, the faster I drank until, drunk, I really would be downing a glass in a gulp and people sure did notice.
The Boers have been an historically poor people who were the proto urban poor of the cities after the Anglo-Boer War.
Click here for ACCV meeting minutes and dates for upcoming meetings, which can be accessed via tele-conference call by the public who cannot attend the Rockville, Maryland meetings in person.
My kiddos are HUGE into creating art. Perhaps you recall my recent post about creating a kids' art gallery wall? Well, all of that art has to be produced by said kiddos, right? And in order to produce said art, those kiddos need art supplies. I had been keeping the art supplies in a drawer at our kitchen desk. But this solution was less than ideal. Crayons were dumped at the bottom of the drawer, as were markers and colored pencils. It was a mess.
I already knew Jeffrey as an immensely talented designer, but as I sat down to hear him talk about the book, design, history, I was totally taken back by his wealth of knowledge, his eloquence, his historical reference. Jeffrey is simply an amazing story teller, without fluff, he takes you through the core of his creative process, he shares his passion and love for design, his complete dedication to his craft and to his client and his great love of New York.
Taylor (2 years 7 months): What does a 2-year old say when a petting zoo’s emu chick pecks her on the cheek? “That bird bit me!” (#534)
When I Was Joe came directly from an plot-planning exercise in class. We each had to think of a character for a contemporary teenage novel. I’d been thinking vaguely about witness protection – how interesting it would be to write about someone who had to lie about every aspect of their identity because they were telling the truth. We got into pairs and had to weave our characters together into a story. I happened to be paired with Amanda. Her character was a disabled athlete. We put the two characters together and made a story outline. I liked the story. Even more, I liked the fact that there was a story. I began to see how a novel could be planned. I asked Amanda if she’d mind me hijacking her character and working on the plot and having a go at writing it. She generously agreed.
This blog has wonderful posts about books (I always look forward to the titles features as they are sometimes a bit under the radar) and writing. This writer is very thoughtful and intelligent which makes her blog a true gem.
“The ANC‘s U-turn on this matter is to be welcomed, as it will genuinely benefit our attempts to address the ongoing scourge of crime.”
Victoria Harbor in Hong Kong has been the busiest harbor in the world for many years. The picture of Victoria Harbor above was taken from a Star Ferry as we were crossing the harbor back in 1987.
Hi MichelleM. My name is Gimme.
The continuing story of the Washington state apricots. A couple of weeks ago, we went to Washington, to the town of Leavenworth, and I had to buy the "green" apricots they were selling. I knew it would be at least 10 days before we would be in the cabin in Montana before I could make apricot jam. I remembered seeing Tom's apricot recipe, and since the Trout devoured several jars of apricot jam while we were in France, I knew I had to make this jam.
-ruler or straight edge
i feel sad to see that utopian world go away.
I want to emphasize that a big part of a large conference such as SAND is simply hanging out with everyone. I recently interviewed Chuck Hillig, who has been to the previous two and I asked what he likes most about them and he said it’s meeting all the people and talking and seeing what’s going on. Of course he’s also been one of the most lucid presenters.
Speaking of the new craft room...thank you all for your input. You came up with things I hadn't considered and gave me much food for thought. At this point, I've pretty much decided to use the basement bedroom as my craft room. Guests will take one of the kids' bedrooms, and the kids will sleep in the basement. When we have house-guests, they are almost always people who either 1) put us up in their kids' bedrooms when we visit them or 2) are family and don't care where they sleep when they visit. We only have guests a couple times a year anyway (this past year, we only had one guest for two nights!), and it seems silly to me to dedicate a wonderful space to such limited use.
A friend of mine's heart literally stood still four times in the ambulance after blacks had stabbed him senselessly in the Pretoria central district. Four times the emergency personnel kickstarted his heart again. Today he's healthy as a horse and cheerfully alive.
The ticket window opens at 16:15h and Cine Doré has a cafeteria for movie-marathoners who need a caffeine or sugary boost between films. Moviegoers are also able to suggest films for future months.
We've been here before, and regular readers will know the drill, but for the benefit of those of you who have just tuned into this blog... Embassy were a tireless label in the early sixties, churning out endless discs of session musicians covering the hits of the day. Their platters would then end up in the budget rack of Woolworths waiting to be purchased by punters who felt that their approximations of hit singles were affordable alternatives to the real thing. So infamous were their offerings that John Lennon even jokingly referenced the label as a possible home for The Beatles when their chances of getting signed seemed slim.
In a recent Computerworld article it was noted that in a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Request For Information (RFI) the bureau claimed that “social media” networks have been trumping police, firefighters and news media when it comes to communicating news of developing incidents and protests. They also stated “Social media is rivaling 911 services in crisis response and reporting,”
I had such pain, mentally and physically back then, but such joy too! So spring and Easter mean so much to me! Spring... a time of renewal, new starts, energy and hope! That is when my second life began!
Other winners to check out include Oakshire's The Nutcracker, Double Mountain's Chimney Stout and Fort George's Kentucky Girl.
Last of England
What Perls wished to affirm, I believe, is the spirit of independence and relative self reliance, that… with the concepts of personal growth, sustainability and responsibility, are at the core of his Gestalt Therapy Theory.
Our apartment has a plain old white fridge. So, to jazz it up a bit, I made some Pinhole Press photo magnets. I used snapshots of Toby, as well as some photos I found online of my favorite old-school celebs (including Mick Jagger, obviously). Our gallery display makes our whole kitchen feel so much cozier, and Toby loves pointing himself out. For Mother's Day, I'm going to send my mom a package of Toby magnets:)
A new venue for me was the last of the night's stopping points, mainly as I needed the loo and wanted somewhere quieter than the Spoons to buy a half and head for the facilities. The one real ale (Bombardier was off) was the Taylor's Landlord. I had a half, at £1.50, and it was very very much stronger in nutty malt than I remember. Nothing about the beer was horrible, it was just overpowering and unsubtle. I don't think Cavell's are pretending to be a new real ale venue, and its good that you now have an option of drinking something with a bit of flavour for the first time in years, but its a shame that the Landlord was a rather odd version of itself, rather than a well kept example. It seems a little work is required of this new real ale venue.
Odd, such utter restfulness awakes
Amy Winehouse - Tränenpalast, Berlin, 28 September 2004 -FM-
ENERGY bills are set to rise by up to 20 per cent this winter, experts warned last night.
Back home from the trip, PeyPey was loading her pictures of the concert onto her computer when she got a text from Jeannie. "OMG. Have you read Chris Thiles tweets??? They were staying in our hotel and went to the bar after the show. I'm not kidding." The words of the text message didn't register in PeyPey's mind until she read it a second time. Wait, what? "Wait, ok, so they were staying at our hotel? They were in the bar last night? The bar that we talked about going to last night?" PeyPey thought to herself. She checked twitter to read Chris Thile's updates. christhile: "The Mai Tai Lounge at our Atlanta Hilton is suspiciously crowded, given the hotel's nearly 100% evangelical conventioneer occupancy." Laughing at his wit, PeyPey confirmed in her mind that it was, in fact, the same hotel that her and Jeannie were staying in because they had been met by some evangelical convention go-ers in the hotel elevator upon their arrival. Damn.
All you have to do to be entered in the giveaway is leave me a comment letting me know what you are planting in your garden this year (because I love to garden!) and if you don't garden, let me know who you would invite to your warm-summer-night alfresco dinner party if you hosted one tonight! It's that simple!
Seriously, I thought that what Bolick wrote here about the inferiority complexes of men is pretty central to part of the shift we’re seeing:
Fruit Mix for the filling (I used a frozen berry mix that I bought from a berry supply wholesaler nearby, but really, you could use pretty much any fruit, fresh or canned as well...)
I don’t know who did the chalking, but I just wanted to thank whoever did for standing up for the silent victims of the ongoing Afrikaner genocide.
So, you might want to scoot over to the
Ingredients for this card:
...Anybody who ever had a jerk for a boss bought a lottery ticket Thursday. A chance at $540 million is a chance to tell that boss with the bad breath and the hateful glare that a winning ticket means no more boss.
(or by appointment)
Wondering sigh
At this point, I finally looked up and because I’m too nice (lol) and I was kinda drunk – I smiled. Oops. Dude slid right on over, taking my smile as the ultimate invitation. He wasn’t bad looking and I was tipsy, so we chatted up. And when the train came, he followed me into my car, sat next to me, and continued chatting me up. And even though I had no plans on this ever going anywhere, the guy was kinda funny so I let it continue. I even gave him my phone number.
The regulars were in here, that being the bar staff of course. Brother Rabbit, Ashford, Jaipur and Brock made up an equally drab/exciting roster of Thornbridge ales, of which I had the Brock. The pumpclip declares a smooth creamy stout - it was admittedly smooth but there was almost no creaminess and far too much dry hops in this beer to allow it to fulfil the tastes promised. Unfortunately, a tight schedule meant I did not have time to taste the Jaipur, which I'd been hoping to. The Kipling is the new key keg for now. Jamie reports more Magic Rock on the way, potentially cask Dark Arts. That would be a real coup if it shows up.
There having been several meetings that members in his constituency have called to try to have Derek Clark removed the membership under his control has so collapsed and the activists left in disgust that eventually he plucked up the courage to hold a poorly advertised meeting of the rump in Nottingham this week, where he made a complete fool of himself.
Thanks to Brian Frisina for sharing these urgent messages from The Grandmothers and Chief Looking Horse on the BP oil spill. Brian writes, "I want to thank Celestial Dancer from Amplify.com for sending this along to me. Here is the message from the Elders, they ask that we pass it along: "You Are Desperately Needed" "We ask you to cast, anchor, and hold the Net of Light steady for the Gulf of Mexico," the Grandmothers said. "This crisis is affecting the entire world, and humanity is asleep. Wake up!" they cried. "Animals are dying, plants are dying, and your Mother is writhing in agony. If you hold the Net of Light steady at this time you will help stave off further catastrophe.
Also, this is primarily a technique that utilizes the help of a deity in the working thus, I always have to say a little prayer to connect to the system.
On that day, the Messenger of Death, of whom she had only heard, comes and shows its face.
If you think that RICHARD PRYOR is uptight about losing his TV variety series, forget it. Not only did he walk away with five million bucks from NBC, with a contract still intact, but the comedian has also made a multipicture deal with Universal and Warner Brothers studios for mucho bucks. However, the big question everyone in Hollywood is asking is whether or not Pryor will end up like Freddie Prinze, especially with that wild old crowd he's been running around with. And that certain weakness that has been plaguing so many young performers today was the real cause for his recent heart attack. Could this be the reason why his bride of a few months has left him three times? If so, rich Richard, if he's not careful, will end up as poor Richard again.
And how fun...as a way of introducing her new line she created a Manifest Magalog. An online magazine/catalog...get it? Adorable. With amazing photos, some great interviews and articles, and even a few recipes...you really must check it out.
Along with heaven and hell, the missionaries have introduced a market economy to the Dani, encouraging the establishment of collectives to grow coffee and other crops. The money is used to buy clothes, steel tools and even mobile phones — you can sometimes get a signal from the mountain peaks — but the God squad has had less success in other areas.
I also took a few more of the gadwalls in the pond I discovered, none of those came out well either. Not a good day for photography, so I did a little more exploring back in the woods between the swamp and the pond, and discovered old signs of beaver activity!
Let’s get started…
Deeply.
Making very brief appeals at voters’ doorsteps raises voter turnout by 6% and in elections where turnout hovers around 40%, this effect represents a significant increase in political participation.
xoxoo
I was not too sure that I would like the peanut butter eggs, so I made one loaf of each. The above photo has a lot of chopped up Reese's Eggs, you do not need to put that many in your batch. It is your preference.
4 bites washed down with a drink before the baby baton is passed and the other person gets the chance to scoff as much of their cold dinner as possible before the whole thing comes full circle once again. The relay is considered a success should the child actually shut up at any stage during the meal or someone manages to finish their food before the appearance of mould, it’s considered a failure when you actively contemplate selling all but one of your dining room chairs.
Consequently, when CD opened on 125th street, I was in that bad boy every week, (Black &) proud to support their company and Mary and Jada. While I don’t share the skin tones or features as these women, it is their persona that I related to. I respected them. So when my girlfriend and I discussed Cassie, Solange and Selita, she couldn’t wrap her mind around why I didn’t dig these choices since exact skin tone hadn’t matter to me before. I simply said, “I don’t see myself in any of those ladies.” Not my looks, my style, my spirit, my anything. Reading Steve Stoute’s articulation of CD’s choice also transported me back to my awkward years. I was that young girl seeking someone to see myself in, to say that Dark Chocolate is beautiful too, that we fully embrace the full color spectrum of our sisters and want to praise them ALL.
this post is dedikasi-ed to whoever who perasan la ok... (im hinting at specifically someone, its ok, he knows... :) )
A manager who wants to discuss potentially bad news with an underling is at a distinct advantage if they play their cards right. In this environment, the employee automatically assumes the worst is about to happen. Anything less than a pink slip, a box to collect your personal effects and a security-guard-escorted walk to the parking lot becomes welcome news.
Today I am thankful for being able to get out and walk, ride and exercise. I'll be honest, I don't get a thrill from exercising the way some folks do, but I'm thankful my body works enough for me to persevere when I'd much rather quit. Of course, all the encouragement I get from my blogging friends helps too as does the upcoming birthday reminding me that I am about to enter a new decade. Later on in the week, I'll be sharing some of my St. Patrick's Day decorations; I don't have much but I love what I have.
But what did she mean to me once I had left childhood behind? I felt no guilty affection as I did for J.R.R.Tolkien or happy nostalgia as I did for Gwyneth Rae (author of my favourite Mary Plain books about the little bear from Bern). Nothing but boredom and embarrassment.
River Marked sees us, and Mercy, learning a lot about her Native American background and what her being a coyote shifter means. It also sees Adam and Mercy mostly on their own, away from the pack, dealing with a river monster, a creature huge and deadly, that some how connects with what Mercy is learning about her heritage. While in some ways I missed seeing more of the rest of the pack and the other excellent side characters, I really enjoyed seeing Adam and Mercy more on their own for once and getting to meet some very interesting new characters. I thought before hand that I'd like getting in to Mercy's heritage and learning it alongside her, but I actually loved it! I really enjoyed the direction the book took and how the plots twisted together.
F: When my husband realized the importance of it, he started working with Krishnakant who originally explained the whole issue clearly for the first time. So really I think it sort of rubbed upon me from hearing about it all the time. And at first I was a little unsure you know, for the first 18 years of my life or whatever, it is hard just being raised on the whole Guru Conscious thing. It made an awful lot of sense having had an unauthorised Guru myself who had seriously let me and so many other people down. I’d given my life to him and I’d given my savings, so many things, so I was already somewhat disillusioned with the Gurus. It actually made perfect sense to me. What the painful thing was, I just realized that the people that I’d grown up with in Krishna Consciousness, my so-called friends, didn’t’ see things the same way on the Guru issue. I just realized I couldn’t be close to them anymore because I just saw them in a different light. They were happy to carry on the guru bandwagon just for the sake of society, friendship, and community. But actually it just made me realize that it was thoughtless behavior. So that sort of being the toughest thing for me to contend with not being part of all that anymore. The IRM is bit of a punk thing, in a way. We're the punks of the movement.
Please do not sell my pattern as your own or product you make as I am sharing this for people for their own personal use or for gifting. Thanks so much.
Pentagon Spokesman George Little put out a statement earlier saying “no explosives were found.”
my work, my words;
Suggestions welcome.
By Michelle Diament – April 30, 2012
"well, yes we DO send out flyers and its just that women have appointments and some of the women were sick and they go out and well.....We can't KEEP them here......its just the way it is......that's part of the problem, we try to have programs here for the women and then we only have one person come..... But we can schedule for next week....."
She's lucky she's so cute. See?
A recent article in the Journal of the American Medical Association sounded an alarm and made the evening news: increases in the number of heart attack deaths between 1996 and 2004, occurring in young, healthy and symptom-free women has shocked the medical community. Deaths from ‘unknown causes’ remain and now happen often enough to have the attention of physicians, researchers and the government.
Our wonderful hostess this month was Debbie aka--Lildj. This is how the challenge read:
Relax. Remember this will go away in time!
But Eli believes he is carrying the most precious commodity, the answer to rebuilding the planet—the only remaining copy of the Bible. He says that God led him to find the Book and then told him to bring it out west to preserve it. He goes by foot and is known as The Walker.
The book is about John Smith, the fourth of nine children from a planet called Lorien, who fled to Earth after their planet was attacked by creatures from another planet, the Mogadorians. The nine have to find a way to beat the Mogadorians to get their planet back, but they are young and unprepared, so they need to train seperately. But the Mogadorians know where they are and they track them down one by one to kill them. The first three are dead. John is next. But he’s tired of running and he settles down in a town called Paradise, where, for the first time in his life, he makes friends. But it’s just a matter of time before his secret is revealed and they come for him.
his garden fiefdom is
22C. NABC Willett Bourbon Barrel Chocolate Stout 8%+
Kaycee is pretty much the same. I pulled out one of the jumps we ordered from CleanRun earlier this year, and had it set pretty low so we could do a little jump work. She was mostly hit or miss. More conditioning work on schedule for her as well as clicker training.
We had an enchanting visit in Katie-Land yesterday. Let me set the stage…..
At some point, the survival of middle America, has to supersede profits, to a degree. After all, whether, white or black, man or woman, Democrat or Republican, American born or LEGAL immigrant, we are all in the same boat.
Pizza deal box from Pizza hut
let yourself fall in love,
your friends. It's a great way to get to know the people on your street
Living in Wiltshire, as I did for twenty two years before moving to Lanzarote, I was also close to the flying connection. We first moved there in 1987 when my husband was posted to RAF Upavon. The Officers' Mess at Upavon was the first mess for the Royal Flying Corps, and is now a listed building. The station motto was in Principio Et Semper - “In The Beginning and Always” and the station crest was a pterodactyl rising from the rocks, symbolising the station’s connection with the early days of flying. Just a stone’s throw from our house was the Museum of Army Flying at Middle Wallop. If you find yourself in or near Wiltshire in the next few months, it may be worth paying the museum a visit, as an exhibition to mark the Royal Flying Corps’ centenary is planned.
Film -Avan Ivan
Bullying is a serious issue. It’s not like it used to be, when a bunch of people would make your books fall or stuff your locker with a bunch of fake letters. That is not okay either, but you can eventually get over things like that.
Who knows? Perhaps next I shall make Nutella brownies?
I ended up winning my final game of the day against an infantry Crimson Fist marine army. I went 1-3 on the day, same as last year but felt much better about it this time since all the games were competitive and I had a chance to win each one. I also improved my painting score.
my bomb rolls, a perfect circle;
- 1 egg, beaten
78. Made a parent cry? - Yes. Usually over some sort of card I wrote for them, or a poem, or something like that.
There have been three opinions in six weeks on the suits brought by RIAA in which the issue of the alleged making available right as well as infringement of the distribution right have been raised. They are not the first opinions, nor will they be the last, but they are interesting in their own right, and are noteworthy because the judges involved took the time to address the issues seriously and thoughtfully.
Inside the village, Kanhar sat in his house, a broken and angry man. All five of his children were sick. Despite his powerful position as the local terrorist leader, there was nothing he could do to make things better for his family. He already had tried everything—medical doctors, offerings at the Hindu temple and witchcraft.
Children’s TV VegSocUK
Where: Everywhere
*Even though you and Harriet don't get along all the time, I love that you have taken a genuine interest in her and that you have tried to be a good big sister to her this year, that you look out for her, help her, are kind to her, sit with her on the bus, and support her in the things she likes to do.
Oh, and then there’s “Puberty Love”. Sweet, squeaky, quiveringly lame "Puberty Love". This is a featured song in the film and is played over and over and over until it gets to the point that the viewer will use their "MUTE" button on their remote more than the "Fast Forward" button. And you thought hearing "That Thing You Do" over and over was bad....
I'm attempting to bake bread 50ish times in 2012 and I'll post lots of pictures, recipes, and tutorials here to update you on my progress and hopefully inspire you to bake some too!
The screenshot below shows TITAN storm tracking @ 302am CST 2/16/2012 — plus RADAR view of Tennessee — clearly you can see the computer detected rotation — showing a possible tornado north of Nashville — heading northeast towards Kentucky.
Chuck’s family tree is getting more complicated than the ones on Game of Thrones! The poor guy is still trying to make sense of this mess so he enlists Blair’s help to crack the code in Diana’s book. Of course, she can because she is Blair Waldorf after all! Which leads them (the gang is back together btw! awesome!) to the brothel, where Chuck confronts Jack. Jack is still being dense about everything, until Blair goes to talk to him after making her discovery. He makes her promise not to say anything to Chuck but of course she does, I mean Chuck has been through enough methinks. So, after a teary conversation with Blair, Chuck goes back inside when everyone is gone and…BART IS ALIVE! What? How? That was truly an OMG moment!
I can basically see how an old movie would convey the way of living way back then, before both wars and before technology came around. I sometimes contemplate how life had been on both continents – how it had been similar and how it had differed.
Are you making Resolutions or Life Changes now?
‘We could have escaped.’ I hang my head in shame as I confess all of this. ‘We could have escaped the villa. But Master wouldn’t go. He said he wasn’t going to leave Mistress. He said what was the point anymore when there was nothing worth fighting for. I said he still had you but he simply refused to leave the villa. He asked me to cut his throat. I- I – I…’ I what? What should I say?
As it happened, the hospital and the city were overrun by the infected. It took two weeks for Emerson’s television stations and newspapers to stop reporting on the outbreak of disease. People who had managed to escape infection tried to flee the city, but Brownsville’s mayor had ordered the Verdantis River Bridge blocked off east and westbound. He wanted none of his citizens entering Emerson or any of Emerson’s citizens entering Brownsville. In effect, Emerson was put into quarantine while the infected roamed the city, searching for others to infect and feed from.
Misinterpreted words gave birth to
I worked on it periodically until the girls went to bed, and then I focussed on it while I "watched" the Oscars. I used to care deeply about the Oscars, back when I was child-free and had time to see the films and could stay up late with my friends getting shit-faced on champagne and trying to outdo each other with dumb celebrity jokes. Now I can't afford the hangover, but I still feel compelled to watch, and by "watch" I mean "have it on in the background while I do far more interesting things with my time." I was done before Meryl won for that movie I will never, ever see because at this point in my life, films about British politics are probably lower on the list than films about American politics. Or anything about any politics. I really fucking hate politics.
Last night, while watching a late night rerun of True Blood, I heard Veronica calling for me.
(Before he leaves he flops over on the hysterical wolverine and crushes it. The howls of laughter soon become that of pain as the wolverine struggles to free himself.)
After you get the beans and the pulp in the jar...cover the beans in vodka. I would suggest getting a decent brand according to the recipe I found.
....Waura! Waura! Who's side you on, anyway? Bewieve me when I tell you, that is not funny in Mr. Bush's Neighborhood!
The red-slipped, circle- and punctate-stamped pottery from several sites in the Cagayan Valley in Luzon is most similar to that from the Marianas.
“Together we can change the world”- it may be the simplest statement but it’s true. None of us can fight for the odd things that are happening or achieve something which hold importance to all of us alone. We all need to walk together towards the progress, towards the change we want to see.
Eating out with kids is never quite as fun as you think it will be, is it?
Further details will be posted as they become available
Dear Lord, waiting on You is so hard! My heart wants to get things moving, step up and take action. Help me to always bring my desires to You, knowing that You always have my best at heart. In Jesus’ Name, Amen.
It turned out that a white nurse had been secretly sterilising black women to prevent them from producing unwanted babies. In the eyes of irritating Jack, the latest foxy chick and the Manhattan DA (played bizarrely by US Senator Fred Thompson who appears on screen for about 48 seconds each week saying something profound and politically correct – and on the strength of which tried to stand for president) this was nothing short of eugenics, as practised by the Nazis and an unmitigated evil.
The thing about me is, when someone tells me I shouldn't be doing something, I get a tick defensive and am inclined to yell "Oh yeah? Just watch me!" So when @graceishuman linked to a Washington Post article that trivialized and pathologized womens' use of Pinterest, my hackles rose up. Excuse me? There's something wrong with domesticity? Men can get excited over electronics and boats, but we're materialists when we discuss what we like? I signed up for the Pinterest account waiting list that night. I joked that I would name a board something Victorian, like "Jayelle's Hysterical Womb Flutterings," and fill it with panda bears and NHL players' butts.
Remember Dick Clark as a vibrant personality -- boyish and totally together. The Fonz in a suit. The man who for fifty years drank from the Soda Fountain of Youth.
In the process of choosing happiness, I sometimes think that depression can be an odd sort of blessing. As if it turns the world upside down for three days so that once we see the world right-side up again we’ll better appreciate what we see. And this time, we won’t see it alone.
3. "River Runs Deep"
The next day, I took a drive up to see the mom and her kids. I've known them for a few years now. I knew about the shaky history with the dad and how he left them hanging. I knew how tough things had been for them since, but I just didn't know how hard they had gotten. I waited half an hour in the parking lot for them to return home. They were surprised to see me, and the kids were waving. I waved back. The mom walked up to my car and asked me how I was doing and what I was doing there. I handed her an envelope with what was left over of my new shoes money. I told her maybe she could take the kids out shoe shopping or something else. She opened the envelope, looked at me, and then came over and gave me a hug. Her eyes were watering up, like she was struggling not to cry. She thanked me and asked me to stay for dinner, but I told her that I needed to be somewhere else, so we said our good byes and I got back in car and drove back to my friend's place.
Bottom line is this planet has been blown up, burnt up, alien-invaded, flooded, frozen, vaporized and overrun with apes more than once. Film-makers loooove destroying Earth. Repeatedly. And humanity, sheep that we are, love seeing our home planet get wrecked in many unique, different ways.
*use pie apples that will hold their shape even after cooking, slightly tangy, sweet tasty apples. I’ve used Jubilee as well as Golden for pies, and thought they hold their shape and are the perfect texture when baked, they are somewhat bland in flavor to me. I use Reines de Reinette in France which cook down the same as Goldens but have much more flavor, sweet and just tart enough.
You would think that HSUS got the message from Judge Simpson's ruling, but apparently not. (Too much tofu and not enough meat protein, perhaps?)
just a few blocks from my office in Cambridge. In a town where independent bookstores have been folding faster than Starbucks can open coffee shops in China, this naïve optimist embarked on his new venture in the dark days of the recession, under the shadow of Amazon, and as e-books began their zenith rise.
Lets talk about the Materials you will neeed:
turns you acquiescent in my hands.
I know, it's been a while--well, I just got back earlier this week from vacation (a fab week in Vancouver, filled with lots of great food, and quality time with Pyota--will be writing about our adventures later) and I've been busy with work since! Do you know how many emails I got while I was gone?? 279!!!!!!!!! Sheesh, don't these people know I'm out of the office?
Meanwhile, the controversial verdict sparked another round of outcry from netizens as they lampoon NUS for lacking the ‘balls’ to expel Sun Xu.
Now, I still love the old .45 and it will guarantee a .45 calibre "leaking hole" in somebody....if they arent wearing armor. I do have to say I was disappointed in it's lack of penetrating ability though. It knocked the crud out of the panel and caused a dent about an inch in dia & half-inch deep in the fibreboard that was behind the panel. It would have hurt & bruised a person pretty bad even though there was not a single layer pierced. With that being said, I believe the heavy .45 bullets will penetrate BETTER in some mediums. I've been to 3 wound ballistic seminars and believe, based on my observations, the .45 will do better when encountering automotive glass than some of the lighter/faster calibres. No bullet does what it is otherwise designed to do when it hits glass. It becomes a shapeless "glob" and the heavy glob of the .45 seems to be deflected less...at least that's been my observation.
Courtesy : Daily times
Just thought I'd share it with you as another idea to add to the never-ending ways to keep our lives more organized. Here is a link to my post: http://tami-licious-life.blogspot.com/2011/03/tool-time-tami.html
The price wasn’t bad and kids under 6 get in free. The lady at the front desk practically had a heart attack seeing how many kids were visiting. I thought this was ridiculous. She commented about their being “so many kids” when it was just my 4 and my neighbor’s 1. It’s not like we’re the Duggers, for heaven’s sake! There are only 4 of my own and they’re very well behaved. No one threw a temper tantrum, grabbed anything, or ran around. I would say that is pretty darn good.
I signed up with numerous recruitment companies and online job boards. I had a handful of interviews but it was a couple of years later that I got another job, even so it was not what I really wanted and the wages were awful, and still no where near what we need as a family. But hey, I got work and I still have a roof over my head, and food to eat. I can continue my job search in the evenings.
...However, at least two unreformed communist governments still remain: Cuba and North Korea. North Korea, in particular, is probably the world’s most oppressive regime, having starved to death at least 1 million of its own people as recently as the 1990s. It also maintains a system of Gulags and secret police that is, if anything, even more draconian than that of the USSR under Stalin. Despite the good press it enjoys among some Western leftists, Castro’s Cuba is only modestly better. Since coming to power in 1959, Castro’s government has executed some 1.5% of Cuba’s population for “political” dissent, while incarcerating another 5.6% in concentration camps. These figures would be even higher if not for the proximity of the United States, which enabled a large part of Cuba’s population to flee. Nonlethal political repression in Cuba is less severe than in North Korea, but still worse than in all but a tiny handful of other governments.
Please feel free to contact me with any updates for your organization, venue or business that you think relevant content -- screenings, movie nights, brewery sponsorships of film-relate events -- or add me to your media list as needed.
Add chopped onions
But my morbid curiousity is not abated. I have realised that watching the therapy dynamic is fascinating in it’s inaccuracy, interplay, and raw emotion. It makes brilliant television.
According to The Sun a French mistress at Chesham School has launched an internet rant at her British pupils — “claiming some are “little s***s” who should be SLAPPED. Apparently she posted her fairly robust views on the dimwit pupils and their little s**t breeding parents on her blog (Miss Frenchie’s World.’ The blog seems to have disappeared.) The French teacher is reported as saying: “You also have the little s***s’ parents who can’t believe their kid is a nightmare. What a shame that we can’t say, ‘Please slap him/her, tell him/her he/she is a little s***’. No, we have to be positive. That’s one thing we don’t do in France — if you’re rubbish, you’re rubbish.”
We found our fellow raftees -- George, Brad, Bill, Jonathan, Darlene, and Pam -- and tried to orient ourselves to the task at hand -- getting the raft into the water.
The toy is a bath time toy and is recommended for 9+ months. Jaelyn is only 6 months old but she had a lot of fun with Scrubble! She was immediately drawn to the toys when I put them into the bath with her and LOVED it when I squeezed the water out of the toys. The product was a little smaller than I expected, but they are made for babies so they really are the perfect size.
They call us lazy.
Here in Australia we are fast approaching the end of Summer.....I must admit, I am not sad about that fact. Although I love swimming, BBQ's and daylight saving (long summer evenings), I am not a big fan of scorching heat that makes it too hot to be bothered going anywhere or wearing pretty clothes, crispy countryside (although it can have it's artistic look from time to time), and a general feeling of uncomfortableness every time I step out the door once it gets past 9 in the morning. That said, there are some redeeming things about the summer season. Despite the meteorological phenomenon of sometimes getting entire weeks (and even months) with the temperature consistently above 38 degrees (thats 98F for those in the Northern Hemisphere), one plant always lifts my hot summer spirits....the ever so humble Hydrangea. It captivates right from December around Christmas time, all the way through till Autumn when its showy flower heads start to fade to the darlingest green hue - perfect for drying or long term arrangements. And I have to say, they really are one of the most photogenic of all flowers too.... just take a look at these lovely images from pinterest and my sisters garden which prove my point.....
If you have any questions about my trip or Japan, please tell me in the comments below(no registration needed) or in an e-mail to:
Politically this same relationship is interesting. If the terrorist stuff is all hooey, then is the show a commentary about over zealous homeland security policies? This borders on worn out anti-Bush rhetoric. And further, once again government institutions are portrayed as clandestine and conspiracy-minded (when the simple answer could be incompetence). If the terrorist stuff is real in the show, is America not doing enough and further intrusions on personal privacy and rule-of-law bending should follow? This borders on being anti-democratic, curiously enough along the lines of how Iraq once (still does) conduct itself, institutionally and politically.
The next morning, Jonah is trying to pick up some sort of trail on the guys that burnt the barn. As he is riding along, one of the jaspars takes a shot at him & Jonah topples from his horse. Then said jaspar walks up, Jonah sits up unharmed and shoots jaspar dead. However, the dead jaspar has some friends up in teh rocks and they open fire on Hex.Jonah moves to some rocks and returns fire as a strange ray falls from the sky, hits the dead jaspar, causing him to vanish.
It's covenantal, oh oh oh, it's covenantal
Any ideas on colors or fabric textures? I'd love to hear them! Drop a line below!
The United States And Britain In Prophecy
8 lbs. British 2-row pale malt (I used Crisp Maris Otter)
"Whenever you did one of these things to someone
I'm losing me balance!
I got contact lenses shortly after those traumatic years and rarely had to endure the taunts and ridicule of other children whose eyes worked more efficiently than mine.
Safe in the palm of his earthly father.
To be honest, I also never really factored the protection/provision issue into the mix when fantasizing about my own future marriage (which I’ve done since as far back as I can remember or, at least, since I was linguistic and able to play and role play with others); I knew I wasn’t physically comparable to male peers in sheer brute force; I knew I never wanted to work in forestry or coal mining nor be with anyone that does unless of course they also frequent author talks at their local library and count down days to Nuit Blanche, making an intinerary of must-sees (but that’s a matter of privilege, preference, and variety of choice); I knew I was physically attracted to handsome women and hipster men with a boyish, slight, physical appeal and a HUGE…brain pan; I knew I was attracted to androgyny in physical features and psychological ones in general, in myself and others. I didn’t really review or attempt to deconstruct these preferences for years. I never once thought of myself as a beta, but not quite an alpha either. I was never particularly impressed by being embraced by rippling, thick arms (long before any of my Feminist reading or “ideological indoctrination”). In fact, I find it physically uncomfortable and always have. I do believe dom/sub, and most social and private sphere roles are indeed interchangeable among the sexes. Though, of course, just like 90% of people are right handed, 90% of people identify with their anatomical sex and sociobiological gender “role” as heterosexual, male or female, and hence there are clearly gendered trends in who predominates each of those realms. I do personally want a mix of experience in those roles and realms in my life. However, because I plan to mother and be the primary caregiver in infant and pre-school years, I want to be home during that time (a realization I have only recently come to definitively). And hence, no matter the gender of my final partner, that person will have to be inclined towards the complementary mix to mine. I enjoy my chosen career path and want to pursue it but not to the exclusion of all else; I want a work-life balance but that’s not to say I’ll get it. I do not want my children to be educated, comforted, and cared for by outside care workers during formative years. And as much as I have insisted in the past I would be content to become or remain (depending on my relationship at the time) the breadwinner within my relationship while someone else raises our hypothetical progeny, on gut alone, if you ask me now, I am simply uncomfortable with turning that responsibility over to anyone outside of immediate and reliable family members. Call it what you will. I am currently trying to reconcile these competing interests within myself.
This is how Christians react to the problem of human trafficking:
Check out the book of Lamentations in the Old Testament. The whole book is a lament over the destruction of the city of Jerusalem, which the Babylonians took around 587 B.C. Lamentations was written at a time when it seemed the world was falling apart and for those in and around Jerusalem it literally was.
Here’s the ATC she made for the challenge –look at those sweet little scissors and that gorgeous flower…. If you want a closer look, just click on the photo…
WHY I LIKE HER
"If the talent of one girl goes unrecognized, if one girl’s dreams go unrealized, if one girl is denied opportunities for reasons that have nothing to do with her talent or character or work ethic, then we all miss out, we are all diminished," Mrs. Obama said.
My kids came bounding down stairs to breakfast and didn't say a word.
Let’s begin with me. First off, let me tell you what I am not. I am not 6 foot 5 or any other significant height. I have never been on a basketball team since I turned 15. If you saw me on the street would you think (that is, if you even noticed me) that I was a short, white, former home schooled kid who lists chess and pokemon as his favorite activities. If you thought this, you’d be completely right (except the chess and pokemon stuff).
My favorite Christian author is Karen Kingsbury! Karen is a Life Changing Fiction author and has several series books and stand alone titles. To view a list of her books, you can click this link. http://karenkingsbury.com/books/
"When the stresses of being an A-list actress get too much for her, Connie Gordon decides to escape to a tiny Scottish village. But little does she realise that whilst Lochnabrae might be quiet, it’s far from sleepy…
I can shoot *pretty much* any time I want. I'm still dependent on having at least a little bit of daylight coming in through the dining room window. I think I would need about three more of these light contraptions to be truly independent from natural lighting. So, at times, it looks about like a house of cards with white poster boards bouncing the light, or creating a sort of make-shift lightbox.
Reheat sweet potatoes in the microwave until piping hot. Divide evenly between four plates. Top with stuffed mushrooms, then drizzle with port reduction. Serve immediately, optionally with braised kale or green of choice.
Make things easier on yourself by accepting that your sense of justice or fairness will not dictate the outcome. It is the law that counts, not your personal beliefs.
She knew there were many things Ben could never talk about with her. Perhaps this was one. She drew a hurried breath. “Ben, do you remember that last trip I took to Moscow with Dr. Devoe?”
Does that shade what I might take on next in the US? To some extent but it's certainly not the end all be all in making a decision to offer representation but it is part of the big picture.
Results There were 18 boats at the Leigh and Lowton Phantom Open on 15 April 2012 - which was a great turnout. Phantom racing in the North is growing. The winds were from the north (and east and west!) and about force 2 (and force 1 and force 3!). I think you get the picture! Cool temperatures and sunshine.
As some of you may know from following me, it has been my desire, since the blog was conceived (by a lesbo mind you), to have Sweet Mother boycotted by an anti-gay hate group. I have thrown down the gauntlet to the Westboro Baptist Church here and now I would like to offer the challenge to the 40,000 Twats. Please, please, please, boycott me. I beg of you. I have put as many gratuitous lesbian and gay images throughout this post in an effort to bait you. I’m hoping this post, in particular, explodes with so much gay that you will be forced to come this way. It will be a beautiful day when I can tell even 1 of you 40,000 twats what I really think of you.
* Sudan Genocide
True/Slant is a new amalgam of top-notch writers blogging about topics far and wide, but it does have one flaw: It is hard to sign up to leave a comment. You have to join first. Persever a bit, however, and it’s worth it. They would love to hear from you!
Should be done really soon!
“Bitch, Look At Me Now” by Childish Gambino (1)
The show home has been furnished by Manchester firm NoChintz but it also includes many treasures Chris has amassed over the years, like the signs from once infamous streets from the Crescents in Hulme.
line large dish with pastry, arrange meat in it, pour gravy over through sieve, add juice of one lemon, put on top crust
1315 **D-IV/28/1999. “On the Truly Cooperative.” Memorandum Prepared for the Dean, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(5), above, pp. 118-21.) See, on faculty salaries, Item E-I/22/1971, below.
This is where your choices will make every difference in the world. This is where the fork in the road just might lead to the place you've been praying to be.
Yana: A hermit? With friends?
Or the Whitney Biennial.
#229 & #230 Kazuhiro Sasaki / Ichiro (Mariners)
As I was searching for a few household necessities at my local “Super Target”, I began to read the labels of the things I was interested in, thinking that maybe I should start practicing what I preach and make sure that I am buying American made products. Now, this is not to be confused with products that are distributed by an American company, for that is just deceptive marketing to hide the country of export by these huge distribution companies that do not ever buy American.
Two successive U.S. administrations have been unable to coax more than grudging, intermittent support for counterterrorism from Pakistan’s spy agency. Documents leaked by WikiLeaks point to the U.S. military’s ongoing belief that the Inter-Services Intelligence continues to back Afghan insurgents that kill U.S. troops. And this week, the chairman of the House intelligence committee, Rep. Mike Rogers,accused Pakistani military officers and spies of actively aiding bin Laden.
This is a busy week but we promise next week we will give you a breather. This week sees an important day in our annals, May Day, and it deserves your attention! While we have not attempted to create a systematic list of all the May Day events in Boston we are highlighting one. Every year we join with our immigrant brothers and sisters to march together in solidarity.
What is the “Word of the Lord”? From John 1:1 we see, “In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God.” The “word” is from the Greek LOGOS, which is defined as the expression of the will of God. It is the declaration or the revelation of God.
So I bid you good night, as I have a big day (night) ahead of me. Plus I’m exhausted. Stay tuned.
His name is Gansey, and Blue soon discovers that he is a rich student at Aglionby, the local private school. Blue has a policy of staying away from Aglionby boys. Known as Raven Boys, they can only mean trouble.
I cut 4 slots for ribbon on the boxes. We threaded ribbon to make suspenders for kids to wear their cars out of the classroom! Of course we had to have a car parade first!
This southbound checkpoint scheme sounds like more boondoggle than bonanza.
Let's check out the competition!
Scrappy – Either several scraps measuring at least 3 ½” long, or 8 strips of fabric, 1 ½ x WOF
Starch (3): 5 YIKES!
As you enter ‘Surrender’ with the magnificent vocals and ambient textures leading your mind into a false sense of security with the warm phrasing and obscure hypnotising features it’s very easy to mistake this band for something other than what they actually are. Pure brilliance and richness is shown throughout this track without the need for ridiculousness.
Thus kashi halwa was tried and tasted at home for the Ugadi festival a fortnight ago.
We are going to start simple enough- today is the first day for my new plan of action. The new plan of Try and Let Go, which is so much better than the old plan of Wait and Hold Grudges, is well…new and exciting. (Are you seeing a trend?)
“But we already know each other,” Nikolas groused. Leonard held out his hand. Nikolas stared at it. “What,” he finally asked in a flat tone.
