So what an earth am I going on about now? Well, my son played his first ever chess tournament (Delancey UK school championships) on Sunday. He was representing the school along with 2 others who were in different age groups at the Megafinals and in with a shout of winning £25. If he did well, it was on to the GrandFinals and then another final (how many finals does chess need?) with the top prize being £2,000. That's a lot of Skylanders and more besides. And here's a chessy bit of info that may shock you - the children's world championship has a top prize of £28,000!
Another footpath. This is where my walk from the other day would have ended up at had I not gone ahead and got myself lost.
A new couch, maybe, because I haven't bought one yet for my new apartment.
Article 58
As a result you can imagine I care little for whether Brewdog Punk IPA tastes better in cans or bottles. I’m sure both are nice, in what form is it the cheapest and how will I feel the morning after necking a skinful of the stuff? These are questions that need answering. Until then I have a quiet weekend of moderate sobriety because the following weekend a pal is visiting England from Germany. I have permission to get proper trollied. He’s a bit of an Anglophile and likes pongy cask ale. I’m taking him around the bars all the nice beer bloggers showed me on the last twissup as they seemed to be nice places to neck pong. I might join him in that or I might neck an ice cold fizzy lout, who’s to say? As darkness falls we will be drawn like moths to the light of bars where dancing and pretty girls reside. I shall behave myself.
The beer was Adnams Solebay - a champagne style beer with pilsner malt nelson Sauvin hops and Lavender
Calling my name, all night. I hear the howl of the wind and leave my bed. My fear escapes me and shows in my shadow. I walk down the stairs and peer out the window. Nothing.
For me, this dessert was a straight throwback to my childhood. I've realised that the more I write this blog, the more memories I remember and preserve via the medium of food. That, as a person, a mum and a blogger is what drives me and keeps my blog going. I would do good to remember this when I moan about not getting enough pageviews or stress about my photographs being not good enough :-)
18:23 UPDATE
John isn’t asking anyone to take stupid risks, but when the hate of the world turns actively murderous, we should be prepared for an extreme eventuality.
Then there’s the rich bad boy, the Chuck Bass’s of the world; manipulative, spoiled, walking venereal disease who has more dirty laundry than the dry cleaners. If you are lucky enough to marry one of these gems, expect embezzlement, dead hookers, and an illegitimate love child scandal waiting in your future.
This was Grace on Halloween. I will hopefully get a better picture soon. She and my niece found my and my sisters prom dresses. So what better halloween costume than an ugly shiny ruffly 1980's prom dress???? how scary is THAT!! LOL
Now, I will admit, I am a pessimist when it comes to hype, and I scoffed at the mere thought of people rubbing the diapers on their face due to the softness, but, I did it too. They are BUTTER soft! (Yes, even after washing!) They had the internal gussets to maintain Abby's EBF poo, and Maddi's teething poo, and even better, sprayed off easily before the teething issues got here! They wash super well, wear great, and dry fast! I have no idea what magic spell they put on these things when they make them, but it worked! As you can see, there is plenty of room for them to both grow into the diapers, and plenty of room for them to be smaller in them with the crossover tabs. I wish all diapers had these! They have recently introduced snaps (with crossover snaps) to their line-up for those of you who prefer snaps, all though, the aplix they have used has not created diaper chains in my laundry, filled with lint, or fuzzed up over the time that I have used them, and that use has been heavy! These diapers are SUPER trim as well! Just check out the plumber shot!
Last Seen: Swindling money from retarded folk
Of course, in this neck of the woods, one MUST be crazy to make MAY the blog-every-day month since school is wrapping up and you know that ALWAYS comes with a whirlwind of activities and brain scrambling, but hey…why not?
As i haven't made a male card for a while, i thought i would remedy that - and found this fabby image and some MS papers - that i'm ashamed to say i've had for 3 years (bought in a Walmart in Houston) and never used !! and i don't know why as i love them with this image. I finished it off with some ribbon, buttons and twine.
I have LOVED being just Jackson's mommy these last 19 months and I know that he has taught me as much as I have taught him. We have been a fun team of 3... But I also know that we are going to be an even better team of 4!!
A winner has been chosen using random.org
My wish for you is to remember–
So this where the hate part of my war inside my head comes from. Although I am over the moon the father changed his tune and wants to be a part of her life, I get so angry and frustrated with him that I almost think it would be better without him, how I planned it for 9 months. Can’t really say with him anyway cause he sees her maybe once every couple of weeks and she’s only 2 months, next week. He says he’s working alot but yesterday FAMILY DAY.. I didn’t get a message from him till 10pm.. And he had the day off.. WTF… And when I go back and think about the last two months, every time I messaged him about some issue or when I really needed help, the fucker was MIA. Oh I get it, he wants all the glory. All the fun stuff. Probably why he changed his tune in the first place, instead of getting reamed on about having a daughter and not being a part, he said he’s going to be a part and get pats on the back, high fives, “you’re gonna be an awesome dad” .. Reality check fuckers…
The coolest part was typing Amber’s address into the navigation system, and it didn’t say “address does not exist” (which is what mine always says!). However, since I’m so used to not trusting the directions my car gives, I tried to go my own way. What do you know? That car was smarter than me! It was taking me an alternate way to avoid a wreck blocking the entire road.
Apart from on 'maroon', which you all pronounce 'marroan'.
Of Gods and Goats
One of my guilty pleasures is taking about 15-20 minutes each Friday to read Bill Simmons’ column on ESPN.com. Written from the perspective of someone who is a passionate fan, a sports addict, and a recreational gambler, Simmons’ column jumbles together sports, cultural touchstones, mildly puerile comedy, and anecdotes from his personal life in a way that I generally find amusing.
And, the last question is:
The Windsors are not generally a family that does a lot of jewel sharing, which makes this brooch an interesting case. Queen Elizabeth first wore it in 1951, when her mother lent it to her for her first tour of Canada alongside her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, and she's now carried that tradition forward.
Wishing you all a very happy happy happy Thanksgiving. Hope you enjoy your meals and your loved ones, however you decide to celebrate.
My inspiration is Lorra Fae on this, she reports on her blog doing it by saying good bye to all her old food and then picking up a date to become fully raw.
“I said GET IN, PRIEST!” Peck roars.
I also was not able to meet my supervisor at MTV Iggy as planed. MTV was very understanding about my condition and allowed me to rest for a few days until my voice was back.
We get rammed on our side by a black car with tinted windows, my rides crumbling beneath me and as soon as I regain composure I see Stewie getting smacked across the face and tossed into the car by two guys.
Carol Cumming Speirs; Eastern Region
To resume in a while.
ABC Family Rant-Shouldn't the girls on the "hit" show Make It or Break It be more focused on their gymnastics training for the Olympics instead of frolicking around with boys all the time? Did they not learn last year how quickly your Olympic career can end if you get pregnant? Come on. Focus girls. The Olympics is in a couple of months. You can date boys after that.......Ok fine I guess this show wouldn't be that interesting if their was no boy drama. Well, there it is. Now you know I watch at least one ABC Family show.
I watch him walk back, and I realize that if he had not played again, and so quickly after the piece in which he missed the notes, he might not have wanted to get back on the piano bench and finish the competition. But because he has no time to think, to process, he gets right back up there and plays his final number without pause for too much concern.
I suppose it all boils down to…whose temple it is in the mind of the person.
Stretch marks? Still none! Whoo hoo.
Optimism and lucidity
I really enjoyed the tent card I made several weeks ago, so I decided to make another one. I kept the card pretty simple so that the focus would be on the empty cross. I'm so thankful for what the Lord did for us on the cross and that He paid our sin debt once and for all. Hallelujah! What a Saviour!!
An uprising roar of joy;
TRA
What I miss: I’d say probably soda still… although not that badly
'Am really sorry,' said Husband.
Our new "222" Happy hour and late night menu is out and ready for you to sample. Great home made food will be available until 12am every day of the week. Pefect for an afternoon or late night snack with one of our 20 craft bottles and cans or 8 craft taps!
Then the market for young adult novels changed. No longer were publishers interested in coming of age stories that were gentle in tone despite the tough circumstances my characters experienced. Instead they wanted “edgy” dystopian tales of life in a bleak landscape. Stories about teen prostitutes, drug abuse, alcoholism. Stories featuring vampires, werewolves, and zombies. Stories that I could not imagine handing to my young nieces, stories that I had no desire to write.
So, I announced, a toast! To two meals and two baths both days of every weekend, and then hanging out on evenings after! This of course was nothing like how he saw improvement, but I felt like it was a successfully negotiated conversation. So successful did I feel that I even could throw some crumbs. Okay, I gave in, two meals and two baths on two days every other weekend, and only on one day on the weekend in between, and we hang out on the weekend with the two -day shift, but not the other weekend.
Baltimore Sun editorial yesterday said what I wrote below, but did it much better.
You can make as many pieces as you like using the chosen colourway. All entries will be shown here on the blog but you will only be entered into the draw once (or twice if you've used the twist).
The relationship of sounds binding the song is consistent and insidious: in the second verse soap and growing balance each other with long “oh” sounds, the near-homonyms of passed and path at the opening of the third draw the reader/listener further down along the path in question. Even allowing for the lyrical repetition of phrase employed throughout (lending a nursery-rhyme air rather perversely to the subject and allowing for mnemonic longeivity – for the phrase to get stuck in one’s head), there are any number of repeated vowel sounds coming in close proximity: in the final verse, they can give hangs in a pair with you can find, both in sense and in sound.
Vicki B. Clear Stamp
Decreased activity in church activities,
Options~
from the University of Calgary in 1994, and Ph.D. in Geochemistry from the University of Calgary. Jon’s areas of specialization include physical hydrology and hydrogeology, environmental forensics, water supply and waste disposal, and risk assessment. Jon’s skills also extend to assessing the effects of climate change and land use on basin hydrology, and developing effective management strategies for water sustainability. In addition to his company duties, Jon sits on the Board of Directors for the Bow River Basin Council (a water planning and advisory council under Alberta’s Water for Life Strategy) and serves as chair for the Modelling and Monitoring Committee.
First, he shares that God created people, and placed them where they are so they might, “Seek God, in the hope that they might feel their way towards him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us…”
But first ... there's always a first isn't there? I wanted to gauge your interest on the blog, with a couple of questions since I have your attention... doing these extreme giveaways are very time consuming and I have only been doing them quarterly -- how would you feel if I offered instead like a book a week instead? It might give you all more options to win? I am trying to think of a way to make sure you all get info on all the fab books out there, but I also want to be able to offer huge giveaways like WOW, someone here has just won FREAKING 25 BOOKS! Maybe I can do 4 or 5 books in a month and then everyone who enters for those 4 and 5 books can have a chance to win all those books each month -- just trying to figure out how to save some time here for me and also optimize the chances you all have to win!
I appreciate I’m guilty of banging on about free beer that people send me, but I just happen to love free beer. Recently I necked some lovely lout that Glynn was kind enough to send me. At the time I think he was hawking some sort of lager festival at his gaff, The Rake of old London Town.
Before I do the subtotal, let me just say...I'm a little surprised by how uneven this album is.
Continuing with my series on what the passion narrative can teach us about international development, I pick up the story on the night Jesus was arrested in the garden, praying to God for guidance. He knew he was going to suffer and that even after three years together, his friends and followers would not really have the mettle to stand by him in his moment of need:
A special THANK YOU to Alicia for letting me share her incredible transformation today! You can see this along with much more awesomeness, on her blog!
I’m happy that in this “ever-changing” world we live in, it’s nice to see that romance remains the same.
5 - 6P
Email; visionn2action@yahoo.com and type “motorsport employment” in the subject line. All other emails are deleted without being read.
insulted most? Creativity.
Gaudron J’s observation rather obviously and indeed confusingly blurs the distinction between proprietary and inherently defeasible statutory rights, but nevertheless its application might also result in the Tobacco Plain Packaging Act 2011 (Cth) being held to be an extinguishment of property rights. Moreover, Gaudron J’s approach might even result in its being held to be an acquisition. A “similar right or a right with respect to the same subject matter” is arguably vested in the Commonwealth by the legislation, namely the right to determine the design, get-up and messages contained on cigarette packaging.
This isn’t “triangulation.” It is the wholesale absorbing of the other Party’s platform in an era when it is very difficult to tell the two parties apart. Obama is going to have to kill a whole bunch of al Qaeda big shots to keep his poll numbers from falling any further.
This is what happens when you have academics with no real world business experience crafting legislation: they can’t conceive of the likely real world outcomes. They feel that conditions will stay static, and, in this case, that means that investments in munis will remain the same, leading to higher revenues for the government. Which will not happen, of course.
He doesn't do a tripod thing he skipped that and went straight to sitting up great.
The pure and raw prayer of a mentally disabled child. The pure and raw emotion of a soul unable to comprehend the hatred that leads to murder, but masterfully gifted in absorbing and offering love.
I make this trifle in more or less the same way as my mother made it when I was a child and in fact still use her old trifle bowl – the one that was used for many a Boxing Day trifle when we were kids.
My youth theatre is a devising company. Twice a year, each of the five groups performs a brand new piece of theatre which they have created in collaboration with each other and with me. When I opened the company and lacked confidence, we often used a story as a starting point. I would decide which scenes were essential and possible and the young people’s input was in creating each scene from the brief I gave. There is, however, a shortage of stories to suit casts of around 16 people, all needing maximum time on stage. Hence, I have broken out of my straitjacket and now we usually devise ‘from scratch’. Three plays are well and truly off the starting blocks already, one a complex but very funny (we hope!) who-dun-nit set in a mountain holiday resort, another a picaresque tale in which two girls are thrown off a train, have to find their way home and encounter real and surreal adventures on the way (there’s a sub-plot here about an escaped convict whose story keeps crossing theirs) and the third looks set to become a complicated twist on the Cinderella theme with Cinders a down-trodden barista in a city café – I just love that he’s going to be saved by his Hairy Godfather!
Just letting you all know that we will be open on FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2nd!
Restocking the first aid kit with the following:
Notes the captive ghost scrawls inside.
and see a great variety of outdoor books,
It seems I'm starting a trend with these multiple letter posts. LOL
I called my friends and listened as they talked about their hopes and dreams and prayers for this project. I’m still not sure what I can do yet, but now my heart and mind are both engaged and attuned to the need. As my friends move forward with their plans, perhaps we can find a way to take part along the way.
As my girls have gotten older we have “grown” in word count as well. I still encourage the girls to recite poems to me and put as much passion into the poem as they can. But we have graduated to chapter books. We’ve read a ton of Geronimo Stilton and Thea Stilton books….I’m not a fan of mice, and I’m not a fan of the cheesy mice language ha ha but the pictures are good.
Unlike the The Murder of Derrion Albert in Chicago, this tragedy got no national press coverage. Derrion was black and murdered by fellow blacks; Emily was white murdered by blacks. A clear double-standard. Derrion was the poster boy for violence against inner city youth, Emily was nothing to the liberal press with a race agenda.
"That is why it is very important to hug trees."
Wat Als is a Flemish sketch show from the guys who brought the world Benidorm Bastards. It’s really just another sketch show, but every joke originated from the question ‘What if …” Actually, to be honest, sometimes you see funny sketches to which they later had to find a ‘what if’ question for. But that doesn’t matter.
This is a super busy week here at the saltycrunchy house. P's birthday was yesterday and C's birthday is this coming Tuesday and we are celebrating both of them on Sunday, because we can't do it on Saturday because C will just be coming home from an overnight band thing and H has to volunteer at a charity function. Whew! I am tired. And I still have to make two birthday cakes, zut alors!
~God, with His outpouring of grace and forgiveness
This can’t be said for double daffodils, which emerge earlier and can get clobbered by spring rains. They stems don’t hold up the way tulip stems do. I’ve had these Obdams for years, and they invariably end up face down in the mud. But they’re still lovely.
- Kylie
Gone astray, secret death plots
She was not Anne Lindbergh anywhere in the whole article. She was Mrs. Charles A. Lindbergh. Not even a shred of her name was published. She was not identified as a separate person. She was identified as her husband. The only way we, as readers could tell if she was being referred to was the "Mrs." If there had been no "Mrs." it would have simply said "Lindbergh" identifying her husband.
Barbara travelled to Asia looking for inspiration for her 'Indochine' line.
You probably know you need to eat protein, but what is it? Many foods contain protein (say: pro-teen), but the best sources are beef, poultry, fish, eggs, dairy products, nuts, seeds, and legumes like black beans and lentils.
The band, whose name comes from the Joy Division song ‘She’s Lost Control’, have supported the likes of Dirty Pretty Things and Kid British, as well as having air play on BBC Radio 6 Introducing and BBC Radio Stoke Subculture.
Dry Mango Powder : 1 tsp
At the end of the pageant the actors and actresses on stage cleverly become the audience and the audience members are forced to become the players – their rows of seats the new stage. This I think is one of the strongest and most potent metaphors in Between the Acts, every age of England is played out for the audience’s delectation, but it is their turn to decide the plot of the present age, they must take control of the narrative now. The characters themselves are aware of the roles they must play, perhaps not consciously, but the patterns of their thoughts reveal a great deal about the roles they each play within the society in which they live. However, it is also their roles as parent, spouse, friend and lover that we see. Take Isa Oliver, for example, the constant refrain of her thoughts beats clearly. Every time she spies her husband an almost involuntary tic rears itself and the thought, he is ‘the father of my children’ must be driven home.
» 10/24 – Detroit, MI @ Palace of Auburn Hills
Critic’s Score: 8.0
Come my friend,
Any type of covering should only be left in place during the cold spell. As soon as the weather moderates or it begins to rain, remove the covering completely. However, leave the stakes in case it gets cold again.
Yes, far in the distance you may be able to make out a small white speck. My friends I tell you the truth. That speck is a man riding ... yes, I said riding... his ice chest.
As a former senior manager at The Star, the advertising department was never allowed in the newsroom. It was a metaphor that milk and water don’t mix.
I'm not really a pinky kinda girl, but I think I actually like the pinky one the best.
Lifting: Strength circuit x 4
I thought it might be a good idea to introduce myself first, so I'm going to tell you some stuff about me:
Telephone Operator
Carrying the Torch
we're not spending our anniversary together this year.
#14 Would you rather be single & rich or married but poor?
I happened to be driving past Betty's school at home-time last Friday, so I decided to surprise my little darling by collecting her in the car, rather than meeting her off the school bus. I also wanted to demonstrate to the teachers that I do still exist and care.
The Seminar’s major disappointment was the spoiling of the panel addressing steampunk by the moderator’s insistence on trying to make the panelists define the term (Why steam? Why punk?) — and by the way the panelists were Dexter Palmer, China Mieville and William freaking Gibson. And when the panelists did offer definitions, and hints that it might be broader and more interesting than just young guys in funny mustaches, the moderator kept interrupting them and narrowing it down. Infuriating.
Local Muslims who stand in their way and advocate liberal or secular values are routinely threatened and intimidated. Local tax payers money (and remember there are hundreds of thousands of non-Muslims in the borough) is being gifted to exclusively Muslim organisations, often associated with the IFE. Under Lutfur Rahman's watch as Leader of the Council almost a million of public money was spent on building a Minaret on Brick Lane. Another million was going to be spent on "Hijab Shaped" Arches at either end of the street, symbolically and deliberately completing the visual ghetto-isation of the Bengali community. Ultimately this idiotic plan was shelved... but will probably be revived now Rahman is back in power.
I pulled my chair out onto the back porch lawn, in line with her current location, and waited as her orb began to rise through the outlines of pine trees over the hills. Her round head began pushing up through the terrestrial flora, seeking birth out into free, open space.
This has been one of those weeks for me. I was feeling run down from a weekend of too much fun, with late nights and a bit more drinking than usual, but I wasn’t too worried. Usually a nice easy 3 miler will clear away the sluggish overwrought feelings and clear up minor head colds, but not always, it can also bring things to an ugly head. I had started with a bit of a cough on Thursday evening, but wrote it off an typical allergies and post nasal drip. Unfortunately, following my 3 mile run, I was coughing up some scary stuff and through the course of the day I felt worse and worse with each passing hour. By Tuesday morning I was feeling horrible and went to the clinic. Sadly, doctors that do not know us do not always have confidence in our personal assessments so my knowing I had an infection fell on deaf ears. I was given the usual gamut of over the counter medications and sent home with instructions to come back if I was still sick the next week.
San Diego
like shirts of poorer quality
don’t we call our loved ones “honey?”
It’s complicated, I really think that we’re in a transition period. Maybe we’ll need 10 years to access to a new model, a new period. In this transition period you see people from the industry trying to find some short time solutions that are not answering to the new situation. Personally I’ve always thought that it would be interesting considering the idea of universal patrimony for with a different kind of licence.
We were drinking apple-cranberry tea, her Lhasa Apso, Princess, curled in a ball under Betty’s chair, and my dog (of indeterminate breed…possibly part-coyote, part-lab, maybe a dash of border collie in there), Mama Cass, lay across my feet. I loved how Betty always let me bring Mama Cass in the house. Cass went everywhere with me, but not everyone is as gracious about her as Betty.
Please come over and read a very short blurb about what inspired me to write my very long series….
Next up on eBay - each starting at just one penny - my new #01 Hand Embellished Limited Edition Canvases! Each is the #01/25 first print of the edition, hand embellished by me in acrylic paints, signed & numbered. And yes - upon request - absolutely no charge - we are now able to offer to stretch/wrap the canvases on stretcher boards and add hangers on the back so you can hang them immediately with no framing or mounting needed. In fact, with our new printing system we can now offer stretched canvases at the exact same size as the loose canvases - so whether you decide on a flat/rolled canvas or a stretched/wrapped and ready-to-hang canvas - they'll be the same size! The new Canvases are: Darling Dragonling IV, Sun Child and Moon Child, Owlyn in the Nest, and Call of the Night. - each is up for a 10 day auction ending the evening of Thursday, October 6th at 6:00 PM - 6:09 PM Central Time. Click below to see them all!
In the end, an operating system is just a series of ones and zeroes that, when interpreted by the processor, cause the computer to do certain things. Change the ones and zeroes, and it will do something different. Where are the ones and zeroes stored? Why, on the computer, right along with everything else! They’re just files, and if other people who use the computer are permitted to change those files, it’s “game over”.
Nikki, from Paper Piecings By Nikki, just released this awesome penquin set called "You Crack Me Up". It was perfect for this layout! Nana and Papa Penguin and all the babies! My granddaughter helped me with these paper piecings which makes this layout even more special. Here's the file:
Have you read that to make the perfect hard boiled eggs you bring the water and eggs to a boil, stop it, cover, let rest for 15-20 minutes, and transfer the eggs to cold water? What if there was an appliance that would STOP the water boiling once it reaches boiling point FOR you? (ok, that sounds incredibly lazy now that it's written out lol)
In some cases, your IP address can be located worldwide. And then if you are using a fake IP address is outside the country, it is likely that you have a slow browser. If you fall into this category, you should look for programs that offer a means to provide IP addresses in the world. If you work somewhere, it is possible that some sites may be blocked.
Azsia”
There are two ways by which the Holy Spirit appropriates the physical body of Ka Apaz. The usual way is covering her whole body from head to toes with a white bed sheet. The other way is without any covering when conducting a mass. Seldom is mass a conducted though. Usually, on special occasions only like August 17 which is the true death of Jesus.
Paris Hilton
Initially, the band was named “The Steps” but Paul insisted on changing the name to “Steps”. The band has produced three studio albums, sixteen singles, and two compilation albums. Their music was known as one of the strongest pop bands of the late 90’s. There were choreographed dance steps in music videos produced by Steps. When they promoted their albums at concerts, Steps tickets were hard-to-find because of the massive fan base they had.
From beyond just washed windows, rising in black sky above a sharply pitched neighboring roof glows - almost loudly - a crater-shadowed, intensely orange full moon. Huge.
By the end of the 19th century, there was one in virtually every rural community in France, their rise having been given a helping hand by a law passed in 1851 aimed at promoting the use of washhouses. The law had resulted in State subsidies that funded a third of all construction costs.
The bag which contains the face decals holds on the other side straps for the guitar and guitar bag, along with instructions on how to attach the straps.
All done? Good.
-betty draper blues
The disparities are outrageous.
So keep the cards and letters coming! I love hearing from you, and we all love to see and share projects. Don't forget to vote for Skyla!
You have to go back to the 19th century and check out a dude named Henri Poincare. Back in the day he was pretty rad guy that had some mind blowing ideas nobody really seemed to get. If you had a question about math – the kind most people will never ever get – you asked Poincare. If you had ideas on relativity that you wanted to bounce off someone – you went to Poincare. Here is the part that really gets people irate – Einstein was a thief – a plagiarist specifically. Professors today have said that if Einstein turned his work in now as he did then, with the use of computer software to match text he would have been busted for academic plagiarism.
Triglycerides = 89 mg/dL – (Less than 150 mg/dL is desireable) – CHECK!
Dab some glue in the centre of the circle and start to roll the spiral, gluing periodically. I push the centre out while the glue is still wet to give it shape.
So much is going on in this book that does have you looking for what is going to happen next. What Emily Bronte (Ellis Bell) did in one novel that she ever wrote her sisters were trying to do in the many novels that they wrote.
4. Man Management: Minor Household Chores Can Wait Till After The Game
11.5 Years wedded bliss
The Bank pointed out that arrest is governed by 24(5) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, which provides strict conditions which have to be satisfied before a person may be arrested without a warrant. These include where the identity of the person arrested is unknown, where arrest is necessary to prevent a person suffering injury, or to prevent loss of or damage to property, to prevent an offence against public decency or unlawful obstruction of the highway, or harm to a child or a vulnerable person, or to allow prompt investigation of the offence
Following surgery Pip made a full recovery and is now in kennels awaiting a new home.
The answer is no.
To read an e-book, however, you first need something like a Kindle. There are other e-readers around (which the Muse has not seen), or you can download free apps to read e-books on your iphone, ipad, Blackberry, etc, or even on your computer. An e-book does not have a cover as such – your electronic device acts as the cover – though it will probably contain an image of the front cover at the start. It does not have pages, only screenfuls of words and maybe pictures, and most of them have hyperlinks you can click on, as explained in my previous Kindle post. You design your own “e-pages” by adjusting the text size and number of words on a line. You can bookmark these e-pages electronically (in the Kindle they look as if you’ve folded down the corner), and you can “scribble” on the e-pages too – your notes go into a clippings file, linked back to the place in the e-book you were reading. You can borrow e-books from your local library, and you can lend a Kindle book purchased from amazon to a friend for seven days. You can’t give it away for good after you’ve finished with it, unless you also give away your e-reader... so you can’t give it to a charity shop unless you’re giving an e-reader with its complete collection. And there are obviously no Braille e-books, though for those who have trouble seeing the words on the screen the Kindle can read the book to you.
SHABBY TEA ROOM -create a card or project inspired by the above photo using these pretty PASTEL COLORS AND A HOLIDAY THEME!
for the angry gods to see.
I really hate this version of my life. But it is my truth, and so it shall be written.
Nothing in my life is normal. Absolutely nothing. While my friend snickered and joked over my statement while agreeing over and over again in fun, I knew it was understood. And it was funny to hear it out loud. I had to laugh, too!
Ian Mason, head of UK property fund management at Schroders, added: 'Ruskin Square is the centerpiece of East Croydon’s transformation into a new central business district. It will deliver restaurants, cafes, a theatre, new homes, new public routes and outdoor space and 1m sq ft of grade ‘A’ office space.'
1. As you show God’s love. Want to know what God wants? Look for the loving response. Divine love goes beyond feeling or wishful intent, but in action. God’s direction is revealed when we show God’s love.
Yet another tough one for me to sort out – and one I may get some argument on. Heidler got consideration – you have to when you set a WR. But the WR was a big outlier for her. It really came down to Pearson & Uceny. Pearson dropped to 12.28 from a pre-2011 best of 12.50, and she was the picture of perfection time after time. Uceny dropped to 4:00.06 (tantalizingly close to sub4) from a pre-2011 best of 4:02.40, while running textbook perfect races repeatedly. At the end of the day, I decided that the improvement Uceny’s race – both in terms of becoming one of the best “tactician’s” on the circuit, as well as her improvement in times – slightly outweighed Pearson’s improvement in consistency. Slightly.
14. Nevertheless
4. Mahatma Gandhi, political activist (1869–1948)
Decided to use face vase as installation tile, carved channels for future adhesive.
Jonah's Injuries - none
Well, I was in - but in
Conso F, Contassot JC, Falcy M, et al. Salariées enceintes exposées à des substances toxiques pour le développement foetal. Surveillance médicale. Recommendations de la Société francaise de médecine du travial, Novembre 2004. 101 TM3. INRS Documents pour le Médecin du Travail N° 101, 2005: 9-21.
All your scars will still remain,
So it appears, really, that I am three-for-three and have found yet another bug in QuickBooks.
Book retail prices are reasonable for their paperbacks and range from £7 to £9.
None of these programs require any formal training in teaching, although a TESOL/TEFL certificate or experience teaching will increase your chances of being hired. There are other programs for people who have a Bachelor’s of Education, but I don’t have one so I didn’t bother looking at those programs.
Clowns. Hands down. What are they hiding under that make-up anyway?
1/3 cup sour milk (add 2 tsp vinegar to whole milk)
08-07 Phoenix, AZ – Comerica Theatre
Friday: Cheese Doggies (new recipe)
Anyway, my point is that although we discover that certain approaches in parenting are more helpful than others, this doesn't mean that we are 'bad' parents or are irreparably damaging our children.
Zoe walked right up onto the stand. Good, I thought, this should go well. Well, I thought wrong. She was pretty jumpy, and really didn’t enjoy the blades whipping over her itchy, white body. After quite a while, I had finished shearing her body. Trimming hooves went fairly well, only fighting some with the back hooves. Then I took her down off the stand to shear her head. This is when it got interesting. She kept trying to get out from under me – I had
I call it the curl up with band anti rotation. Not the most creative name, but if anyone has a better one I am all ears.
She also warned me never to leave the kitchen if I had something on the stove. That’s a tough one for me since I love doing more than one thing at a time. I was cooking jelly and decided to go in the basement and continue with the laundry while it came to a boil. You guessed it … I totally forgot about the jelly until I smelled it burning on the stove after it boiled over! What a mess!
I am learning a new Role Playing Game system (RPG) – it is ‘Trail of Cthulhu’ and it is unlike any system I have worked with yet.
� Good Shepherd Plaza Replacement Project
and set my foot upon the nearest road
I’m getting into my WayForward Machine to take a peek at what’s in store.
Now we have reloaded Windows on the same PC, as you can see it is not activated.
Joon is attempting to write again but he’s unable to focus. He needs his manuscript back. He calls Mi Roo up and tells her that Sofia will definitely be there this time so she better bring the manuscript.
And now something not directly related — this is an example which illustrates the kind of reckless experiments on people that fly right under the radar of the corporate media:
today is another lovely day here..well it is still hot and sometime really hot and me inisde mt heart thinking of autumn..hmmnn but i am glad with my lovely summer too because my sweet garden looks happy and merry with it..
Susannah Ricci
Some of my highlights included spending a lot of time in Jim's crusty but loveable Toyota 'Shandy' (complete with a 'Badass Bitch' bumper sticker which I like to think was akin to Uma Thurman's 'Pussy Galore' paintwork in Kill Bill, but about 100 times smaller.) I also cycled through San Francisco with Charlie and huffed and puffed up for a ride over the Golden Gate Bridge. The sun was blazing and we spied two porpoises down in the bay below us.
Bunnies.
You may remember that Betsy Morgan Coffman, in one of her classes, mentioned that often people get uncomfortable when someone appears to receive a message from a source they think is too big or important, particularly when the source is Jesus. Then, more than ever, we think we must be making it up. Surely Jesus isn’t speaking to us— he must be awfully busy, after all, and we are so insignificant. “But think about it,” said Betsy, who operates from a non-dogmatic but decidedly Christian frame of reference. “Shouldn’t Jesus be our best friend? Of course he loves us and wants to talk to us!”
the wind was gusting like it had
I took a look at some of the scholarly research on preschool outcomes to see if I could find any solid answers to these questions. The results of this search were interesting though not particularly definitive.
And when I reflect on all of that,
This case, which is included in the latest (August) part of the Business Law Reports from ICLR, offers an interesting example of a conflict between law and morality. It concerned an insurance claim in respect of the loss of a cargo being conveyed on a vessel which was siezed by Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden. The claim was brought by the cargo owners about a month after the ship had been seized. About 10 days later the ship’s owners managed to secure the release of the ship by paying a ransom to the pirates. The vessel together with its cargo was permitted to complete its voyage, but, by the time the cargo of bio-diesel was delivered, it had lost much of its value. The claimants sought to recoup the difference in value on the basis that, at the date when proceedings had been commenced, the cargo had suffered an Actual Total Loss or ATL. The defendant insurers weren’t playing.
The professor was unfazed though. As I resumed my mulish expression he opened the floor back up for comments on what I had "added" to the conversation.
So it seems that there is a theme for this weeks makes and it's all patriotic :-)
Are as white as can be!
Has Dowd BEEN to an Obama function/rally? I have, ever since he was running for Senate. I chose specifically to go to events where I would be one of the few specs of pepper in a sea of salt, and while I would listen to the Senator, I was watching the faces of others, and I'm leaning towards Michelle's presumption.
From: PR
And here's a photo of my recent nail art! Hehehe POW ZAP, and whatever weird stuff I wrote on it. hahahahahaha. Pretty much not my design. I just went goggling and found this cute design. ^______^
French Essence is about to have a makeover... the blog will look different but hopefully feel the same. It will be familiar, yet I hope refreshed. I think you will feel at home... that is what is most important for me... When you visit French Essence that is how I want you to feel... welcome... I want us to get to know each other more, chat more... and share our love of all things French...
Save the Dates:
And because there is so much of it, it is actually hard to concentrate on finishing one thing before starting on another. I have seven books on the go at the moment. How does anyone get anything done in this world with so much distraction?
It is also too easy to notice the awkward and rather insensitive timing of the bust – the university was raided the same morning as the Oikos University Shooting also in Oakland. One hopes it is not too flippant to point out the absurdity in the fact that US Marshalls were raiding a peaceful medical school and dispensary at a time when they should have been placed to deal with what was the deadliest outburst of gun violence since Virginia Tech in 2007.
Willamette: 1st vine is 59 inches tall, second one is about 36 inches. A third vine was starting to come up, so I plucked it and replanted it to see what will happen with it, so far it has lived three days. The leaves are getting eaten by something.
If you are a boy and don't want to be romantic, then marry a boy.
the love of god
Griffin's writing style did a wonderful job of resonating that spooky, foreboding ambiance throughout the story, particularly in the descriptions of the damage done throughout the manor. My only qualms with the writing were the occasional phrases uttered that felt unrealistic for a seventeen-year-old, such as 'gave me a fright',and how Mrs. Hubbard's dialogue was written the same way she talks, with a lisp. These things were far from being a major issue but they did take getting accustomed to.
1/4 cup rice flour
No wonder the Bible says you shall have whatsoever you say (Mark 11:23).
I like to add an optional glaze of lemon juice and granulated sugar as a personal preference. It also helps to keep the nuts on the cake. I just use about a quarter cup of golden caster sugar and the juice of half a lemon, which I pour over the cake as soon as I take it out of the oven.
In a pinch this recipe works equally well with any type of poultry.
And when he was tasked to give the details, he could not explain, the Prime Minister however insisted that he did not have the name of the officer but said he would bring the details to the house when police investigations have been concluded.
He woke, and lay shivering. He got up to close the window. The stars shone down like cold eyes.
QUANTUM LEAP GYPSY features a collection of extremely detailed Gypsy style virtual instruments capable of playing completely realistic performances. Gypsy is essential for film, tv and game composers.
The Elf gasped for
I also remember thinking during that time, I hoped that event would be the worst I would see in my lifetime. I hoped and prayed for no other devastating, tragic, and horrendous act to happen. If only.
Is that okay?
Start a new job (unpaid) on Monday morning for a couple of mornings a week with one of NZ's top endurance riders and breeders. She offered me to come learn with her and I am jumping at the chance. All is good.
3 tbsp tomato ketchup
Callimachi takes point as they fan out into a sort of V formation, heading north and curving to the west. As the screams continue intermittently, everyone becomes rather suspicious. Finally, the screams sound no more, not even when Grift tries to elicit more. Shortly, the group comes upon a still pond in the tall grass. Only the rock Grift throws disturbs the surface. A second light-enchanted rock thrown into the water by Callimachi reveals nothing.
So when I start to struggle with something totally frivolous and impractical that I want--something irresponsible that will cost a pretty penny--it is torturous. It's literally like there is a cartoon devil sitting one shoulder and an angel on the other battling it out in my mind.:
This is good news. Because despite sleeping in (to the sound-track of rain on a tin roof,) my personal smugness and self-righteousness levels actually increased. Yes, I am even more awesome today than I was yesterday. See what I mean?
In this recipe, I only use the pestle to crush the garlic with salt before adding it to the other ingredients.
At home in Great Britain, “Wingate” and “Chindits” became household words. Churchill invited Wingate to visit him in England, and then he took Wingate and his wife to the allied strategy meetings known as the Quebec Conference. In Quebec, the most senior allied military leaders, the Allied Combined Chiefs of Staff, listened to Wingate with interest. Fortunately, Wingate dressed for the occasion, and the Allied leadership was favorably impressed with his ideas about special operations.
On my way to lunch Monday, I grabbed a Kerry Greenwood mystery off the shelf for companionship. It was a Phryne Fisher, Queen of the Flowers, set about ten books ahead of where I’m currently in the series. I didn’t care—there were a few characters I didn’t know, yet, but Ms. Greenwood’s talent is such that when she drops you into something, you stay dropped for the duration and then go back happily to fill it all in, so it didn’t really matter.
The mine, the mine complex offices and prep plant are all located near the Green River on Kentucky 1078-South, approximately two miles south of the Audubon Parkway. They are affiliated with Ohio County Coal Co. LLC, a subsidiary of Patriot Coal.
2 tbs butter
Yet there are a few flashes of his old self: chasing down a fly ball during my Wiffle ball games with Thing 2, following me every where I go in and out of the house, barking a good second before a stranger rings the front door.
I so enjoyed this little project and trying out my new tools and products. I finished the seahorses with a baby yellow disco dust for a bit of sparkle. When using disco dust be sure to put some wax paper under the cookie or cookie rack. It is very expensive and you can add the dust that falls onto the wax paper back into the tiny jar very easily. I love, love, LOVE the pixie dust shakers. They are the tiniest little shaker and they distribute just the right amount. I've never found anything that works as efficiently.
Well, I’m literally disgusted from seeing myself in this light. How all too unworthy I am, a good ol’ boy from North Central Texas, a por member of the workin’ class, with no land and without a title, for such eminence would never stick, rather to be more exact, I’m down to earth while you and me know that nothing should be handed to us. I speak for me, only for me and not for those niggers across the river.
Gates of Vienna recently published two articles about the Norwegian state broadcaster’s (NRK) risible construction of the demographic and psychographic profile of readers of counterjihad blogs. The second of GoV’s articles (with link to the first) was entitled “Demography is Destiny”.
But Williams was a fraud. That was more than apparent in the clashes that I had with him on Fox when he instantly assumed the requisite attack dog role and jumped all over any criticism made of some of the dumbest inanities from black conservatives. That was a consistent pattern with Williams. Front himself off as a Dr. Jekyll moderate, thoughtful, and balanced commentator that strived for fair and accurate analysis of issues on NPR. And then quickly transform himself into a raving take-no-prisoner right leaning Mr. Hyde on Fox bashing Obama, civil rights leaders, and shilling the GOP line on race.
MVT: Definitely the doll. The simple look works and can instill fear, especially if you don’t like dolls. The animatronics help in making it chilling.
On our first official day of house hunting, he asked me to put together a list of properties I wanted to see. I found an ocean front property that I thought looked intriguing, but seemed ridiculously under-priced. One thing was certain: if we were going to drive two and a half hours to our home in a beach town, we were going to have views of the ocean. This seemingly under-priced house looked like it should have a great view....
Parents and community members are invited to attend a public consultation meeting on one of the following evenings. All meetings begin at 7 p.m.
"Just in terms of autonomy and control over policy, that's one of the issues," said Daly. He said he hopes it doesn't come to focus on details like busing distances. "It's important to note that, while we don't have the full consortia in place, we have been co-operating for years (in Flamborough)."
Many years later I've learned how to be happier with myself, and to accept my mutable nature. I'm no longer so obsesssed with there being one defining scent, and so I've ended up with a portfolio of perfumes which project different facets and moods. Mitsouko lends me a sophistication and glamour I don't always feel; I like to pretend I have it in me to be as mysterious and complex as Ormonde Woman; Diorella's bright, herby androgyny suggests a breezy efficiency that belies my default behaviour in the office. Most often, you'll find me in No.5: it reminds me of my Grandmother, whose influence on my life I didn't appreciate until long after she died. I like its rather old-fashioned elegance - bone structure over botox, if you like. Chanel No.5 may be the world's best selling perfume, but it's thankfully, it's not the world's most frequently worn, or there'd be the olfactory memory of a zillion Mrs Trefusis' wafting round the streets of London.
I spent most of today getting goodies ready for Sunday. I made cheesecake and packaged in these cute jelly jars.
I have experienced both the joy and pain of the competition this spring.
Pulse the biscuits in a food processor until finely ground. Pour in melted butter and pulse to moisten. Firmly press the biscuit mixture into the base and sides of individual loose-bottomed tart pans. Bake in the oven for about 5 mins, then cool while you make the filling.
we can’t do nothing and think someone else will make it right
The other is that, after my experiences being contacted by and working with publicists for Jewel and Lori McKenna, this is a desperate plea for an advance review copy of the new album. (I previously got a little bit of attention on some Paul Simon forums for my post about the Simon and Garfunkel performance at Jazzfest in New Orleans last year.)
On Monday morning I joined 40+ people from my running club to run a 4 mile race in a nearby town. This race is an annual club tradition and this year we had an amazing turn out.
So I know this is a vegan blog. But it’s called VeganIZZM which in this case means this is a little more about my life and all of the ridiculous things it involves. If you’re interested in learned a bit about Russia or want to create a really Egyptian looking pile of cheese read further.
Here my daughter and I are modeling the different stations that would be open during the Ma Spa!
You need to discuss this ahead of time. Because when it happens, you don’t want your loved one’s hesitating. Being a zombie doesn’t seem like all that much fun, you don’t want to live like that anyway. Or maybe you do. Maybe you want them to chain you safely in the backyard and throw you scraps of the neighbours. Whatever. But it’s best to have this decided ahead of time. Because once it happens, you won’t be able to let your wishes be known. Zombies seem to only be able to moan.
I hope that you have found this to be an interesting read and have not left you emotionally scarred. Enjoy your next meal :)
“It’s time for us to clean house,” he said.
That experience
She started off by spouting out a whole stack of various and interesting tidbits of information. Here they are in a seemingly random order! Hopefully something will jump out that is of interest.
Hello short sleeves and swimsuits!
As part of a statewide yearlong celebration to mark the 400th anniversary -- the Quadricentennial -- of the discovery of the Hudson River by Captain Henry Hudson, a flotilla of historic ships set sail up the river Saturday morning. Their destination (as was Captain Hudson's, though he didn't know it at the time) is Albany, which they should reach by the 13th.
SENDI P, LOCHER R, BUCHELI B, BATTEGAY M. Intranasal influenza vaccine in a working population. Clin Infect Dis 2004; 38: 974-980.
No one deserves to die under such circumstances, even Mr. Ready, but to take the lives of four innocent people, including a toddler, shows no great courage or morality. Mr. Ready was a victim of his own hate. He was a victim of his own viciousness. He was a victim of his own outlook on life that saw a gun and violence as the justified and heroic means to all ends. As they say, live by the sword, die by the sword. Which is fine for Mr. Ready but why the innocent people? Why a baby?
This is the yarn I got when we went to Mt. Airy---I almost typed Mayberry!! Any way, I am going to make a scarf with this yarn--I think. I read most of a book on Thursday, but I got such a massive headache that I won't be reading again until I get my eyes examined. I couldn't get an appointment until March 8 so that leaves me plenty of time for knitting or crocheting. I've always wanted to try Noro. I got these 2 skeins and 2 sets of Clover bamboo double points for about $20. I'm not sure what this goes for regularly but this was marked $26 each.
A band that carries their influences on their sleeves, but still write good original songs that provide a good listening experience. For anyone who still loves the seventies to death, a safe buy! I am looking forward to their recent release Helike, which you can expect the coming weeks.
That doesn’t mean the level of professionalism or the quality of your work should go down because anyone can be a published author. In fact, I think it means your level of professionalism and the quality of your work has to go up.
What we've lost.
The performance by Javier and Andrea was very good. Apart from a number where they tried to go a bit over the top, the dancing was clean, fluid and sharp. So sharp that Andrea stabbed herself in the shin at the end of the last dance and walked off with a blood stained leg...
The young man would eventually marry.......
very light almost-sweetness to it. Great for toasting.
Blanket my very being.
Disclaimer: This commentary, news or key levels are not a recommendation to buy or sell, but rather a guideline to interpret the specified indicators. This information should only be used by investors who are aware of the risk inherent in securities trading. We accept no liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any use of these levels. However the author DOES NOT GUARANTEES the accuracy of information provided on this report and is NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS AND/OR OMISSIONS.
So I decided it was time to have a closer look at these things that weigh my purse down and keep falling out (not the notes but rather the 1 pence pieces) and also share the currency of England with those who might not realise what it looks like.
A final response in defense of religious institutions is to make a utilitarian argument, namely that more harm would be done by compelling religious employers to follow the same laws as everyone else than would be done by compelling them to follow these laws. If this can be shown, then this exception would be acceptable. I am inclined to think that this would actually do more harm than good, but this is somewhat of an empirical matter and can be tested.
and I really wish you did so you could help her.
Friday (the day I skipped thanks to my stomach issues): walk 5 minutes, jog 3 minutes, walk 5 minutes.
BUNGLING David Cameron was last night accused of “stoking the fires” of race hate just hours before a ­thuggish far right march:
Here are some fab ideas from around the web. I can’t guarantee they’ll be cheap, but they’re sure cute! Enjoy!
Someone get over here and get these away from me before I eat the whole pan.
“That was in the August. In November, me and two of the lads who worked at Burtons the tailor and another who were a taxi driver – we all turned professional and all went to Germany. We were out there playing gigs until January. My wages as a dustbin man were £11 a week; but in Germany, I got £53 a week and we toured with Tony Sheridan who the Beatles had played with.
HOWEVER, I SAW THIS ACCORDIAN AND THOUGHT IT DISPLAYED WELL. I DID NOT BUY IT, THOUGH. WONDER WHY!
Wollstonecraft died well before the women’s rights movement took off in the mid-19th and early 20th centuries, so she never got to see the ideals she supported take shape. Seneca Falls, the suffrage movement in Europe and America, and a slew of other gender related battles took place long after her words. Long after there was any hope of them coming true. She still believed, when all seemed impossible.
Unknowingly, de Soto would led his people into the arms of a savage confrontation. Tuscaloosa told de Soto and his expedition to leave in peace, or he and his allies would force him to leave.
In the latest book, Maddie and the others (including sparks and minders - and Maddie's boyfriend, a telekinetic (who, because of what happened in the last book, is now afraid to touch her)) have to catch the person selling classified information about them to terrorists - before they become the targets. I'm looking forward to reading it this weekend!
I hope you like it, I'll be back on here properly when I'm back from camp, speak then :)
There are many locations that specialise in serving expat food. The UK is well-known for its string of bars that target the many antipodean expats based there, the most prominent being the Walkabout, home to many an Aussie expat seeking a taste of the homeland. It’s not just the UK – for the majority of countries you go to, you are quite likely to come across some sort of expat bar or restaurant that is catering for a different taste.
Ink: Memento Black and Green, PTI Summer Sunrise, Berry Sorbet, Spring Moss, Aqua Mist, Hawaiian Shores
Although the EDL is not a political party, in that it is a 'single-issue group', that must not stop it from forming alliances with political groups which have similarly recognised the profound threat of Islamism and Islamoterrorism, as well as the gradual Islamification of non-Muslim states. Thus many EDL members may not have that much in common with the so-called 'Tea Party movement' in the US. Indeed many EDL members are to the left of the Tea Party movement. However, despite the EDL's single-issue status, all EDL members realise how leftism and politically-correct legislation have greased the wheels of Islamism and Islam generally. To put it simply. Without the far left and gullible liberals there would be no sharia-isation of the UK and no great threat from Islamism. Thus, if in these respects only, the EDL must be more than a single-issue group in that leftism and PC conformity have made Islamism the threat that it is in the UK today.
I shared this earlier today at my grandmother’s funeral service:
It's about to get geeky over here too.
I'm only seventy! What will happen when I'm eighty, ninety?
"My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it." Mark Twain
There is still the final book Rapture of the series that I have to read. Be looking forward to this one.
During this trip I heard sad news. We lost another sweet girl to Cancer... Rest In Peace Lauren. You will be missed.
One reason for the much-discussed refusal to issue demands is because issuing demands means recognising the legitimacy – or at least, the power – of those of whom the demands are made. Anarchists often note that this is the difference between protest and direct action: Protest, however militant, is an appeal to the authorities to behave differently; direct action, whether it’s a matter of a community building a well or making salt in defiance of the law (Gandhi’s example again), trying to shut down a meeting or occupy a factory, is a matter of acting as if the existing structure of power does not even exist. Direct action is, ultimately, the defiant insistence on acting as if one is already free.
Not sure what you were doing, Brian, wandering about in High Barnet on Friday night: perhaps you were at a bit of a loose end ... there isn't much on telly these days, is there?
Megan – 12
4. Savor every moment you have together. Today she’s crawling around the house in diapers, tomorrow you’re handing her the keys to the car, and before you know it, you’re walking her down the aisle. Some day soon, hanging out with her old man won’t be the bees knees anymore. Life happens pretty fast. You better cherish it while you can.
The small collection of products above happen to be my favorite, combining both high and low-end products to achieve big results on my dry, but acne prone, skin. These products all cleanse, moisturize, and repair, without leaving my twenty-something skin shiny. Have you tried any of the products above? Any of your favorites you think I should know about - I'm dying to here!
Accessories: Light grey skinny belt with star studs from DOROTHY PERKINS; Black bead choker fromthestreetsofbangkok; White Owl ring from DIVA ACCESSORIES; Embroided cupcake brooch from Tabitha Emma on etsy.com
Hereford United got the result they dreamed of but the outcome they dreaded. The team with the worst home record in League Two produced a win over the promotion-chasing visitors Torquay United but, after an afternoon of high drama at the end of a season of too many lows, Barnet’s win at Burton Albion condemned Hereford to relegation from the Football League. Six years after their return to League Two, next season the Bulls will be fighting in the Conference again.
We must recognize that we will give an account of our lives before God and count the cost of being His disciple then forsake everything that stands in the way of complete commitment to Christ.
Bond and the Royal Court in 1967 produced a new play, the surreal Early Morning which portrayed Queen Victoria in a lesbian relationship with Florence Nightingale, the royal Princes as Siamese Twins, Disraeli and Prince Albert plotting a coup and the whole dramatis personae damned to a cannibalistic Heaven after falling off Beachy Head. The Royal Court produced the play despite the imposition of a total ban and within a year the law was finally repealed. In 1969, the Royal Court it put on and toured the three plays in Europe. They had international success with more than thirty different productions around the world between 1966 and 1969.
And what is even better? People, plots, throwaway lines don't disappear when one episode ends. In other words? That blind attorney is going to reappear. Actually, the way things pop up again or get worked in? I think this works better in a DVD set, where you can sit back and watch several episodes in a row because that way you pick up on the little things. Waiting a week, I think you'd miss those little details. Also, because sometimes this show is so quick, and so jam packed, you want to rewatch an episode or a scene right away to get the full, rich experience.
Alternate adding the flour mixture and the sour cream mixture in three additions beginning with the flour.
Sadly, our friend didn't make the trip home and was instead lifted by a private jet two days later to a very fancy, private London hospital on the river Thames. He had diagnosed his injuries correctly (thereby being unable to travel by train) and is now in the midst of rehabilitation. He is very positive though and has amazed us all with his consistent, cheery disposition.
She is happy being the center of attention.
Disc 3 features a good two minutes of audience activity before the well-received encore “Echoes” is introduced. For the most part this is a very good albeit standard performance of the epic, but it’s worth noting that this rendition includes Dick Parry’s sax solos that would be commonplace throughout the 1975 dates, and though I have mixed feelings about these improvs, I think they’re pretty successful on this occasion. The highlight of this rendition of “Echoes” is most certainly the fabulous synth solo beginning at the 17:27 mark which makes a great transition to Gilmour’s lead break during the triplet section. A fine conclusion for a great concert that is absolutely worth owning.
The Voice
Happy Friday bellas!
Let’s Go Bucs
I would really love to hear all of your thoughts on this issue! Do you think the law is a step in the right direction? Do you think it’s misguided? And how do you think people in your country would react if they tried to pass a similar law?
The Beck song listed, is also my favorite. I was in my second year teaching in Connecticut, and didn’t have a CD player. I did however, have a DVD player that I got for my 25th birthday. The Sony logo bounced around the screen. I listened to this song on repeat, trying to convince myself that life was decent. I just wanted to come home. Life was a living hell, working in a therapeutic boarding school. I bit off more than I could chew, and should have been home helping my family with bigger things than snotty kids who could give a shit. It’s such a sad song. But it reminds me of old war stories and battle wounds that I wouldn’t trade for the world because they make me me. That damned song would be playing loud enough to drown my cries while talking to my mom, telling her how much I hated my job. And she, as always, calmed me down and reassured me I would feel differently after sleeping.
So not sure how many of you have heard of National Novel Writing Month (nanowrimo.org) where you get 30 days to write a 50,000+ word novel, but I'm entering again. :3 I completed 3 nanowrimo novels so far... in high school, the Novembers of 2006, 2007, and 2008. It'll be interesting to write again after a few years off. I want to write one more novel while I'm still a teenager! XD Teenage bucket list? I turn 20 on December 29th.
:: And I find it oddly fitting that I, completely by accident, managed to tell everyone to fuck off and leave me the fuck alone in my 300th post. Ah Universe, you wily creature you.
As episode 4 progressed, we got to see a bit more of Martin and Saga. One of the things I like about European crime drama is how unchoreographed and inexpert-looking the action sequences are. The confrontation with the balaclavaed baddy in Episode 4 was typically bumbly and shambling, with both our protagonists taking a beating. Martin definitely took the brunt of it, though, with that kick (ruptured testicles – yuck!). Saga’s confusion about the guilt she felt over Martin’s injury was oddly touching.
Right after this picture was taken Engel jumped on Flumpy and he ran away. He is not very puppy centric and basically avoids her at every opportunity.
“I’m still being punished for my crimes twelve years later, after being rehabilitated…
Men are the problem . . . and the solution
May we all live in peace in this great land xo
So now I've got a warranty that will most likely run out within the next 18 months....and I'm trying hard not to kind of hope that if it's going to happen again, that it happen soon!! Do you have any idea what a new transmission costs???? I think you could buy a small country with that kind of dough!!
07 Sonnymoon for Two (Rollins) 08:58
I really had a hard time admitting that food and nutrition were things that I was passionate about. I mean, at 200+ lbs I don’t really look the part of someone who is knowledgeable about nutrition. Who would pay me to help them get healthier?
* Please note that I do not advocate the taking of any homemade herbal remedy unless you know what you are doing – this post only suggests uses for herbs in magic.
-Plan a spa night. Run a bubble bath. Pour a sparkly beverage. Bring out the body lotion and give each other massages.
A smoker grill is slightly more expensive then a propane grill at about $130 each.
Best manhood augmentors
1060 **D-X/6/1989. “Is Iago Humanly Possible? Reflections on Shakespeare’s Othello.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(3), above, pp. 98-109.)
How do you know if your partner wants empathy or solutions? Ask them? Then you’ll know what your role is as a listener for him.
Prior to this scientific cataclysm, I received some interesting feedback from a presentation on the genetics of black violence that I created. When the blog Half Sigma reported on the recent study that associated gang violence with the 3-repeat allele in the promoter of the violence gene MAOA, the readers immediately wanted to know about racial prevalences of the alleles. Henry Harpending, the famous researcher who has studied recent human evolution and who co-wrote a new book with Gregory Cochran, pointed to the Sabol et al study, which determined that two-thirds of white people have the 4-repeat allele that is not associated with violent behavior and that 60% of African-Americans and Asian-Americans have the more violence-associated 3-repeat allele.
Wokkers 3
Ohh I just woke up up from such a fun dream where Stasha,Farrah,Allison,Bridget,and Shoes were all hanging out with me. We were laughing and having fun. It was like being one of the cool kids in highschool. … finally. Then I woke up and realized in a way I do get to hang out with all these amazing people because it’s Monday! Which means I’m back and ready to get back to Monday Listicles.
The inside of the card is a pop out aperture, with a rotating sparkly heart, just for fun!
I haven’t been paying attention. I didn’t realise James Steel, the inventor of the mashing machine, was from Glasgow. He must be the James Steel of Steel Coulson brewery.
The Chicken AvengerSpongeBob SquarePants: The Chicken Avenger
Mr Bercow said: “To some extent, people are suspicious — or even despairing — of formal politics as a means to give expression and effect to what they want.
The GAO’s report, based on a two-year-long investigation, looked at five states — Florida, Massachusetts, Michigan, Oregon and Texas. Thousands of foster children were being prescribed psychiatric medications at doses higher than the maximum levels approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in these five states alone. And hundreds of foster children received five or more psychiatric drugs at the same time despite absolutely no evidence supporting the simultaneous use or safety of this number of psychiatric drugs taken together.
Opening day will also feature the heats and quarterfinals of what should be one of the highlights of the meet - the men's 100 meters. The US will be lead by defending champion Tyson Gay as he attempts to defend against Olympic champion Usain Bolt (JAM). The US will also be represented by Mike Rodgers, Darvis Patton and Rae Edwards. 100 leaders.
In my religion, I learn that forgiveness is the place where justice and love meets.
And the winner is #20 Alisha said... 20 I would love to win. i am new to the blog world and don't know how to grab blinkies and stuff. I will have to ask some friends to help me out. Thanks and good luck i am now a follower.
As the night falls, life is all happy go lucky for them as they can see a full bottle of blood red wine right in front of them. Only, it does not have just one opening; they can put their straw anywhere and enjoy. Not to waste a moment to begin their drunken night, they start jumping around my toes, I start jumping to avoid them and my neighbors thinking, One crazy lady she is. Come kids let’s watch the show. It’s time for Aunty to make chapattis! And giggles fill their house. Needless to say, I live in an apartment where my kitchen window overlooks ten others.
Profession: Truck Driver
Talk to my mom on the phone more than an hour everyday since there are 3,000 miles between us.
Author: Eve Marie Mont
This new platform is the recommended system for businesses, with a focus on the features of the powerful content management system that core WordPress offers, plus the social network automation, user generated content tools, search engine optimization (SEO) tools, and complete marketing system that LoadedPress offers.
1. L-2044, Araneta vs. Dinglasan; L-2756, Araneta vs. Angeles. The President has presently no power to regulate rents, because his power to do so is granted by Commonwealth Acts Nos. 600 and 620 which have lapsed. Under Commonwealth Act No. 671 he has no power to regulate rents.
I drove up to Opelousas and made the trade, visiting my old buddy
I know I haven’t written in a long time. I need to get back into it, but I have been working hard and doing some other things. And I’ve been distracted.
One of the most charming features of Parisian brasseries and cafés are the painted windows... This pane on one of the windows at Chez Julien is one of my very favourites... light with a delicate touch, pretty and romantic... just like the dining room inside...
Michael Arnold / Shenyang / 13
After touring up and down the United Kingdom with the likes of Leatherface, NOFX and Wat Tyler, the band set about recording demos. This coincided with a tour of the Basque region in Spain, where copies of the demos sold well. On their return Sean of Wat Tyler, the man behind Rugger Bugger Records, put up the modest money to record a Guns 'N' Wankers album, which was recorded and produced by Andy Davies in Hitchin, Herts. The recordings were originally released on Rugger Bugger Records as three 7" EPs: Hardcore, Pop, and Metal (A Silly EP was free with an issue of Fear & Loathing 'zine in very limited numbers), the album was later that year, omitting the track "Evergreen" from the Metal EP. However, when NOFX's Fat Mike showed an interest in releasing the album on legendary US punk label Fat Wreck Chords, he dispensed with all the material from Metal. The remainder was a compilation of the Hardcore and Pop EPs, released as an eight track album called For Dancing And Listening on Fat Wreck Chords. The album was well received and continues to be highly regarded by the punk fraternity, but unfortunately soon after, the band split due to the reformation of Snuff. Pat Walters went on to play with singer-songwriter Marc Carroll in a band called The Hormones and Joolz formed punk band Dogpiss."
One Cambridge Center
Dreena's most recent offering, "Eat, Drink and Be Vegan" is a wonderful book that I cook from regularly, and was one of my first vegan cookbooks - it really made the journey a lot easier, and helped keep me healthy, well-fed and satisfied. For more information on what Let Them Eat Vegan will contain, check out Dreena's post on this upcoming book here. I am delighted that it includes raw recipes, lots of legume-based recipes, and promises to be wholesome and delicious. It does not rely on any processed store-bought vegan alternatives, is mostly gluten- and wheat-free, and includes a whole chapter of ice cream! Cream Cheese Brownies with Salted Dark Chocolate Topping is at the top of my to-make-list. The photography in the food is by food photographer extraordinaire, Hannah Kaminsky. You can find Dreena's Blog here.
for the building or speak its name or ask a policeman
The horse was found to be between 25 and 30 years old and in poor health. Following the investigation, deputies say the horse showed no signs of improvement and McGee did not act upon their warnings.
This challenge has also been sponsored by
The Ju 88 has the typical medium bomber aircraft characteristics desired by the WW II Luftwaffe with the crew stationed forward (including the defensive gunners), slender fuselage aft of the wings and a ventral gondola. The pilot had excellent all round views by virtue of the greenhouse-like canopy as well as good visibility forward and downward due to the glazed nose — which must have been luxurious for the pilot of this conventionally geared aircraft when landing on short fields.
Supercrooks #2
you, man. It’s like you’re cheapening
And know he is still
EastEnders: Jo Joyner (Tanya Jessop)
Also, I'm trying to branch out to different sized photos rather than printing everything to fit perfectly in the pockets. Using Instagr.am on my iPhone is a fun way to mix things up, too! Most of the photos this week are printed at 4 x 4 and 3 x 3. I'm thinking about trying out 2 x 2 -- maybe next week...
Amy, what drives you as a writer?
3. God is good.
In his own biography he writes about himself. He says he was sent to Earth by the Divine power to open The New Path.
Remember to not judge. Some say it’s difficult to do a negative, but really not judging is just being and being at peace with what’s going on.
"Of course you don't. Never mind". * I poured the 'Queen Of The Damned' a glass of fruit juice, once again offering reassurance to her that the fruits had indeed been plucked by the hands of vestal virgins and not by any common farmer, whom might rip away their soul by plucking them with rough calloused hands* "So Ophelia, do you have any pets? We're thinking of getting a dog come this summer holiday".
The Lord was furious. 'You lied! That is an untruth!'
I am finding that the younger students (Year 7 and 8) seem ok with it (perhaps they haven’t been too heavily indoctrinated into the alternative) but my Year 11 class is very resistant. I am trying new things in the classroom as well to align my classroom practice with SBG and this is also causing me some grief. It seems that these students (Year 11 General Maths) are even less comfortable with change than some of the staff.
To: DoctorMama
I did my best to hid my annoyance, reasonably succesfully it seems, had a bit of a chat with this man who turned out to be a photographer himself in his spare time. He offered to turn on the fountain again for a few minutes for me, so I could get some shots in. Since he'd already cleared most of the circulation system there was now a clear flow of water again, which I could shoot in a way that was almost unique. Mostly, once the fountain freezes, the water stream is reduced to a trickle before it freezes up, whereas I now had the chance to shoot a full flow.
Do you decorate at Easter?
My sister Lyn from over at Social Work Confessions called me up Friday to tell me about Code Orange Revival, a 12 Day Revival from the Elevation Church in Charlotte, NC. It boasted big speakers like T.D. Jakes, James MacDonald, and Israel Houghton. We didn't find out about it until day 11 of 12, but all the services, including the Praise & Worship are available online!
AND HOLY FREAKING WAFFLES THIS BOOK IS AMAZING!
Sveaborg built up a reputation as the "Gibraltar of the North", thanks to travel books of the time and gave the impression that the fortress was impregnable. Sveaborg had, however, never been completed and was vulnerable from unfortified areas on the mainland. In 1808, the forces of Russian Emperor Alexander I attacked Finland. Sweden, which had concentrated its defences against Denmark, was unprepared and Sveaborg was forced to surrender when the Russians laid siege to it. After centuries of being under Swedish control, Russia annexed Finland and made it a Grand Duchy.
There are Champagnes made entirely from black grapes (blanc de noir) such as pinot noir and pinot meunier and Champagnes made entirely from white grapes (blanc de blanc) such as chardonnay. The rose wines are made by allowing a little more contact with the red grape skins than usual or, in a few cases, even introducing a touch of red wine to the process.
Why is all this not a national story? Back in September, when the now famous Tony Bologna arbitrarily maced several young women engaged in peaceful protest, the event became a national news story. In March, even while we were still hearing heated debates over a single incident of window-breaking that may or may not have been by an OWS activist in Oakland four months earlier, no one seems to have paid any significant attention to the first major incident of window-breaking in New York—even though the window was broken, by police, apparently, using a non-violent protestors’ head!
a man of 49
Powdered sugar for dusting/rolling
The other day, I had to pack a lunch to go for my twins. In the past I would have packed a sandwich, some crackers and maybe a string cheese. Not horrible, but not great. Instead I packed a hard boiled egg, a few soaked & dehydrated almonds, a small serving of raisins, a hunk of real cheese broken into bite size pieces and a banana. It just looked healthier. There was a naturalness about it. Plus, without filling them up on carbs, but more protein, it gave my girls the energy they needed to get through a big day.
Here's the Times's selected list of "a few but by no means all of the Brooklyn blogs": Dope on the Slope; Flatbush Gardener, Big Sky Brooklyn, Brooklyn Heights Blog, DumboNYC, Self-Absorbed Boomer, 110 Livingston, Ditmas Park Blog, Brit in Brooklyn, Kensington Blog, and Kinetic Carnival.
Me: “Hmmm. Guess I should have said that last part out loud.
* Ice, as needed.
O! The time wasted with other, inferior stores! Alack! Alas! Ahem...
I was fortunate enough to sit at the bar, where Marcel was personally preparing the dishes, and I got a front row view! Look at that concentration!
It's been interesting how circles naturally transpired. I have dined with three of a circle of women from Baltimore, Ohio, Michigan, and California. I have a set of friends from Texas and Canada. My own son has met two of my blogging friends, even though I have not!
Or to put a finer point on it, consider this adaptation of Wilde’s famous admonition, from Brendan Behan, the “drinker with a writing problem:”
620 D-XII/2/1971. “Pindar and the American Sports Page.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois (quoted by John D. Carmichael, Chicago Daily News, December 24, 1971, p. 20).
The sesame seeds in the cake (it’s called a cake but shaped like a muffin) give it a nice smoky flavor and textured mouthfuls. And yet there’s sweetness from agave. And while some vegan baked goods suffer from funky consistencies — they’re either so moist, they’re wet (eww), or so crumbly that they fall apart before reaching your mouth — this one gets it right. It holds together just as if loads of butter were binding the ingredients.
So, ya got anything for me?
I have used Pion lush papers (Pink Butterfly), I have just been drooling over them for an age, and decided I had actually bought them to use rather than keep looking at lol! The ribbon is from Ribbon girl and the flowers WOC. I made the pearl bow topper with pearl slider buckel and a large stick on pearl. The sentiment is from Stempelglede, I have also distressed the edges with Stempelglede stamps using Walnut ink. The Tag is Magnolia's Doohickey Dream Tag.
Some recent things you have been up to lately.....
Brouwerij De Ranke De Ranke XX Bitter
"Thank you for calling Place I Work, my name is My Name. How can I help you?"
3. Picking up drumming. I have an electronic drum set that’s been collecting dust for the past year or so, sadly. I really enjoyed playing it when I first got it, but I just haven’t really had the desire to continue playing, until now.
Mere trivia, but enough to make me pick The Red Mill first from a stack of DVDs on my shelf. It’s a half effort, unworthy, at least, of its director and writer, and possibly its star. But watching Tina and Dennis fumble through the ‘haunted’ windmill—scared shitless by bits of cloth in dim light and the thumps of bowling balls on wooden stairs—I can say the film ends poetically. The Red Mill is much ado about nothing, and these two, dim as they are, belong together.
I'm still feeling pretty stoked about yesterday's 8K. I ran the Vancouver Harry's Spring Run-Off -- organized to "Give Prostate Cancer the Finger" -- with two of my sisters. I usually prefer to run longer distances, figuring I have stamina but not speed. But I'm discovering that my training is beginning to yield some of the latter, and yesterday, feeling strong throughout the race without pushing too hard, I came in 3rd in my age/gender category (Women 55-59). 42 minutes, 15 seconds, which means my kilometre pace over the distance was under 5.5 minutes. And I suspect I could better if I wore a watch, paid attention to splits, etc. It's good to realize, at almost 59, that you can be good at things you never imagined yourself doing.
It has been too long.
Amazon, Insight Global, Starbucks, ConsolidatedGraphics, Macy’s, Ross, McGladrey & Pullen will be recruiting on the UW Seattle soon.
Dinner: 270 calories
$1.294 Trillion: Federal Budget Deficit For FY2010 - Third Highest In U.S. History.(CBO, 10/7/10)
Friend: "And how was it?"
Spoiler alert: If you are a Twilight fan, this may spoil your day.
I hope you like it, and I hope you're inspired. Have a blessed few days, and I'll be back REAL soon (I'm talking like...a few days) with another project!
It’s easy to see why the lowest-ranked country is Yemen, where 55 percent of women are illiterate, 79 percent do not participate in the labor force, and just one woman serves in the 301-person parliament. Horrific news reports about 12-year-old girls dying in childbirth do little to stem the tide of child marriage there. Instead, demonstrations in support of child marriage outstrip those against it, fueled by clerical declarations that opponents of state-sanctioned pedophilia are apostates because the Prophet Mohammed, according to them, married his second wife, Aisha, when she was a child.
Now he's 97 years old and we don't know where he is.
I am the product of a British mother, a Beverly Hills father, and a southern upbringing. Because of this, I have been known to say "tom-ah-toes", "like", and "y'all". But since this is about what I write and not how I pronounce my a's, I will say that I tell stories.
There is a shift going on in the planet, and it’s a slow, profound shift of Human consciousness. Twenty-two years ago, I told you about it in the first transcription, Kryon, Book I. Part of the Kryon energy is created to give you understanding, information, and love about things that are new on the planet. This is one. Although it’s new, it’s not unexpected.
The weekend came and went. Both girls described the concert as “amazing” and “the best time ever” as they walked to school.
Yet the single family rental market is poorly understood and almost invisible to economists and journalists because virtually all rental market data tracks multifamily properties and either ignores the single family segment or lumps it together with multifamily.
On the basis that it would be an insult to Dick Clark.
I don’t live in my native country and even though I’ve been here for 3yrs now I still find it a head wreck at times, good days and bad days as the culture difference can be a struggle but also entertaining.
The objector in the video who claims their artwork would be changed if someone painted over a spot, is wrong. The original is not painted over, a digital copy is modified. It’s not the same as buying the Mona Lisa, and painting a mustache on it. It’d be like buying the Mona Lisa, photographing it and printing another, then modifying that one.
Available: Year-round
Peace, truth and freedom to you all,
The Azeroth, Outland and Northrend Children’s Week quest lines will all reward you with a choice of pets when completed then just learn one
Michael Bay recently told TMNT fans to “take a breath and chill” about his plans to do a new take on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles… mythology(?). (If you haven’t heard the newest rumors, he’s changing the title to “Ninja Turtles” and making them into aliens and not mutants).
See you tomorrow with another Challenge reveal!
I saw a doctor, a nurse or two, and the woman’s parent’s & grandparent’s behind the curtain; and my mom & a few other people were in the operating-like room to help when needed and they were the ones who I would ask if a certain person had permission to enter the room or not.
Everything was going well in our world, and a few weeks after MIC came to see me, he was on the road again. This time it was without me…he went to spend some time with his folks. I didn’t expect to hear much from him during that time, but I had forgotten how thoughtful he was: he went out of his way to stay in contact with me while he was away. He emailed when he could, and he even called a few times. I think I’ve already mentioned that he has a great voice, and I’m not saying that because I loved him….I’m saying it because it’s true. And I loved hearing his voice in my ear, especially just before going to sleep.
08. Wayfaring Stranger
Such a weight has been lifted off my shoulders now that tax season is over. It's such a good feeling and has been a long time coming. Now if only I can enjoy the next couple weeks of down time before Grayson joins us.
The facts all go the other way.
5. Pork stew meat, .99/lb. at El Rancho Supermercado (through 11/30/10)
Per the Russian defector, Bezmenov, there are no grass roots revolutions. They are highly organized events. He goes on to talk about misguided prominent American’s attending Indian Yogi centers who came out brainwashed and very misguided, and were basically viewed as useful idiots by both the KGB and local Indians as well. That these people would become very easily used by propagandists. “Sit down, stare inside and don’t get involved” is just the kind of idea the KGB wants American’s to engage in and not actually work on real world issues.
In contrast, the protagonists to our Muslim Troubles will suffer, as we have said, from the mutual impermeability problem. As such, we can be sure that one of the most effective weapons against the PIRA will not be available in the army’s attempts to reconnoitre Muslim areas and put Muslim paramilitaries under surveillance. This will increase the dependence of the army and security services on informers within those communities and the use of technical and electronic surveillance, all of which have their own drawbacks.
We are not in the least bit skilled in our aim to attack
A recent centre spread in the LGC has the headline “Committee System may be Outdated, Councils Warned”, even though the option to return to government by committees is one of the main planks of the Localism Act and a central plank of Conservative and especially LibDem policy.
It has come to my attention that I have started what could quite possibly be the most neglected blog ever. I would like to extend my sincerest apologies.
vibration.
Yeah?
There were gifts under the tree and Grandson Jacob was the first to open a really fun gift ...... he got a wallet and thought that was it. We told him he might want to check inside and was pleasantly surprised to find some cash. We couldn't figure out what to get him and thought he might like to shop for something special.
However, this proved to be at least five times less than the measurements made by university scientists and environmental groups, who severely criticized BP's mathematical analysis and arrived at figures that put the size of the blowout at a minimum of 70,000 barrels per day. And the numbers just keep on rising. After BP was forced to provide a high quality video of the spill, independent scientists estimated that it was releasing at least 25,000 barrels per day – and possibly as much as 100,000 barrels per day![2]
The Draft gvernmental apparatus remained in existence after World War I although the Draft ended. Congress passed the first peace time Draft in 1940, war looming with Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan. The Draft was fairly unpopular until Pearl Harbor. After that attack, the US fought World War II more unified than any time in its history, before or since, and Draft resistance was negligible. Some eleven million men were inducted during the War, and I think it would have been difficult to raise that many troops by simply relying on volunteers.
I also have no doubt that one of the reasons my stay was so pleasant was the hotel: The Surrey located on 76th between Madison and 5th. I chose it because I went to the University of Surrey for a year (and the name brought back memories) and for the location. I didn’t think it was possible to merge old-world hospitality with modern accommodations, but The Surrey does it. It can be pricey, but there are deals to be had (Hotels.com runs some on this hotel, and you can always check the hotel’s website directly). They make a concerted effort before your stay to contact you and get any preferences you might have and the concierge can get you anything you want. Plus, the location is ideal for people in town for theater and shopping (UES Madison alone was a huge temptation).
New York Times, 22 August 1992
Him: "Are these dirty?"
7. i hate having to explain myself.
I am thankful for my daughter, who even at 2 years old knows just how to diffuse a situation where I simply cannot be angry anymore.
what you and I see
I don’t like to swim, never mind float, but the idea of releasing my inner mermaid, in my case Lobster Queen, is irresistible. So, I donned my new siren-red sequined mer skirt provided by mermaid Shelly of Shell Tail Labs and did a PR photo shoot with Pamela and her sidekick mermaid Molly at La Costa.
the other kids from our old ska band to start a new band. We played one
We continued through Santa Paula and into Ventura for some Balsamic and California Olive oil tasting which is always a treat. Walked around the city as the day dwindled to evening looking out toward the Pacific between buildings.
Photography, Pierre Toussaint
So what’s the verdict? For my part, I would much rather have kids read The Hunger Games than Twilight, or any of the comparably cringe-worthy ‘teen fiction’ out there. Is it writing worthy of the frenzy it’s created? Probably not. But it’s a heck of a lot better than what kids could be reading. If I had my choice I’d have them reading Harry Potter and then moving onward and upward to things like The Lord of the Rings or Dickens or Dracula (if you want a real vampire story). But not every kid is like I was, and even a read as easy as The Hunger Games will get their creative juices going.
By the way, KMST’s term was delayed AGAIN. Now it will only open on July 11th. That’s actually kind of good, I need to play GMS instead. I didn’t actually play MapleStory for a long while now, and I’m losing at the Chaos Leveling event :O
Hunter Brumfield ... Theatre Employee
Are we boarding yet? No. Man, I can’t wait to get on this plane. Look at it. This plane is huge. I bet it could fit about 300 people in it. 300 people like sardines. But, not me. No, not this time. I get to sit in first class.
When Scott Brown was running for Senate (for Ted Kennedy’s, aka “The People’s Seat”), I saw again–and this is not at all unusual among “feminists”–the same wrong-headed craziness, lack of logic/critical thinking skills, and plain old-fashioned bullying. Some group, whose founder I actually like (she’s nuts, but in a way that you can respect), said that “we” needed to vote for Croakley because . . . she’s female. Seriously. Of course, as I pointed out to them, this vaginal consideration did not extend to Sarah. Or any other conservative. Just liberal women have acceptable vaginas, apparently.
Just as Moses prayed to the Lord and fire descended from the sky and consumed the sacrifices, so also Solomon prayed and fire came down and consumed the burnt offerings.
In choosing a distant learning doctoral program, make certain that you have checked the necessary accreditation and board certifications including the licenses that the offering has. By doing this essential step, you will be able to determine if you are entering a legitimate course that will give you the proper qualification you need for a PhD.
ALISON BRUCE: Kate Garrett was brought up to be a detective. Her family tree is littered with police officers. Her father, Joe Garrett, was a great cop who became a respected private investigator and consulting detective. He gave her crime puzzles to solve and made her a financial partner in his business. Kate followed in her father's footsteps and has just made detective when her father dies. She feels that she is obligated to take her father's
The concept lends itself to almost unimaginable amounts of innuendo and toilet humor, and its great humor, with loads of suggestion and excellent gags. That all our main girls are different kinds of assault rifles is one thing, but when you start going over what parts of their body equate different parts of a gun it starts to get a bit outlandish. It is the subtle, and sometimes not-so-subtle suggestions that helped to make this episode hilarious all the way through.
I heard his throaty chuckle and glared at him. This only made him laugh more. I tried once again to break his hold but as the last couple danced under our arms, he pulled me to him and gave me a look which weakened my legs.
There used to be a tiny little brewpub in this town. It was in a weird space, in a strip mall, owned and completely operated by a guy & his wife. There was only ONE brewing vat, and it was about 3 feet away from the bar, so it was truly a MICRO-brew place. This guy made the best beer I've ever had, and his wife turned out some mean pizza. They moved to Hawaii several years ago, and my life hasn't been the same since.
If you have any suggestions, ideas, tips ... I'm all ears!
The pain started back in July 2010, started as a pulled nerve on the left side of my back. So I addressed it by seeing a really sweet friend of mine who massages backs for a living, her name is Suzi and she is the best for massages. So she located a deep muscle pull in my back which she couldn't reach though I always felt great after being with her and she knows I am a woman.
It is not uncommon for employers to face six figure penalties, back wage payments, and legal fees for errors and wage payments.
the night away,
"Nothing."
7. Alabama Sings
"Blue Angel" – (9:48)
So the question remains, “What is your response to the resurrection?” Do you deny it and claim to have a greater source than the God-man, Lord Jesus, who didn’t stay dead? If, so there is no change available to you. You will still be a slave to your sins and without an eternal hope of heaven. On the other hand, to believe in the resurrection is to experience life change. No fear of condemnation for sins. No fear of eternity separated from God. Only the peaceful assurance of God’s love demonstrated on the cross and proclaimed from the empty tomb. Jesus is alive, and He wants to change your life today!
When people dread the position of not dancing, is it that they are not feeling validated for their worth? The same kind of dread that some people have of growing old alone and not having anything to show for their lives when they die? And in the metaphor, is the dance the DNA we want to share, the bit of ourselves we want to pass on to exist beyond us thereby immortalizing ourselves in some small way? Do the seconds on the clock ticking towards the end of the milonga represent the days of our lives, and does every dance represent the loves -- or at least, the couplings -- we will have? Consequently, does a milonga devoid of dancing represent a life devoid of companionship, and the dances we did not share signify the increased likelihood that all that is ourselves ends with us?
Producer:Winston Edwards
DeHaan acknowledged that prices risen considerably since Obama took office. But he was quick to add there should “be a massive asterisk” next to that statement. A big reason prices were so low to begin with when Obama became president was because he entered the White House as the U.S. was coming out of an economic downturn, which depresses gas prices, DeHaan said.
Your memories of the life you pray for are so far in your distant past, and so well buried, that you can only see faint glimmerings. If we told you who you are and what you are capable of, it would seem to you to be fairy tales. Your past has been so carefully hidden that, when you begin to learn of it, many will refuse to believe it. The technologies that you already possess will beggar your imaginations, and we tell you they do not approach what will be shown you, given to you freely. There are those among you who laugh aloud when they hear of our promises regarding your health and lifespan, but we tell you there are many doctors and researchers already who are not laughing.
Combine the first group of ingredients and boil, covered, at medium to medium-high heat for 2- 2 1/2 hours or until soft. I like it so my skins are firm but the flesh is tender and has a lot of give but with a small amount of firmness remaining. Drain the beans from the water (I save this and water my plants). Add the second group of ingredients and mix them into the beans. I smash some of the beans a little with my spoon, but not most of them, for textural variance. Let sit 15-20 minutes while you bake your pita (or warm it in the oven) or other bread (today was regular bread since I'd already made that and I didn't have time to make pita). Slather onto the bread, or just eat it with a fork. Serves 2.
- My wife says: Nothing, she was watching yet another titanic documentary in another room
Drawing at home isn't the same. If they tried drawing on the fixtures and walls at home they know they'd be in deep trouble. I am glad that AM sticks to drawing on her easel and not on the walls though I know that one of these days I'm going to walk into their room and find the walls covered in gorgeous artwork.
Mare51089: i mean...
Maybe we should switch roles. I can be HOH.
To join in please use inlinkz below and remember to include a link back to Our Vintage Affair on your own blog posting!
New York Magazine has a short piece out on the Strange Lives of Identical Musical Twins, which is to say an interview with The National's Bryce and Aaron Dessner. Who happen to live on Stratford Road. Along with their sister Jessica (who's a poet in charge of music at Sycamore):
We also are doing a good deeds or sacrifice jar. Each time one of my children does a good deed or makes a sacrifice for someone, they put a bean in the jar. It is my hope that the jar will be filled with beans by the end of Lent and maybe, just maybe, there will be jelly beans in their place on Easter Sunday. ;-)
4. What's something you're good at that might surprise us? Remember this is a family friendly blog!
VIEW OF SIDE STEP
What else? What did you love and hate this year? And what would you like to see filmsnack do in 2008? More reviews of new movies? Hard-to-find and weird stuff? More seasonal previews and opinions on things like awards season? Let me know. And thanks for reading.
The biggest hurdle they faced was that the teacher insisted on NO baby talk!
Heat the oil and butter in a large soup pot over a medium-high heat. Add the onions and peppers and and cook, stirring until the vegetables soften and the onions are translucent and squishy. Add the cayenne, black pepper, garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute more. Stir in the pumpkin broth, and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to
I don’t mean to say that no one should ever use these words. . . .What I mean is that anyone who wants to learn how to write about science . . . should work hard to learn how to explain science in plain yet elegant English – not by relying on scientific jargon, code-words, deadening euphemisms, or meaningless clichés.
Are you reading a blog out of step with what intelligent folks round the world feel? We all think this from time to time, before deciding either (a) I don’t care what the rest of the world thinks or (b) No. With Slog readers, all you need to do is replace the ‘or’ with an ‘and’.
Monif GRG. Viral infections of the human fetus. London: Macmillan; 1970.
Ambergris – From whale intestines. Used as a fixative in making perfumes and as a flavoring in foods and beverages. Alternatives: synthetic or vegetable fixatives.
Day 129 – April 29
Much later, the two goons are on a raft if the river with a large box on it. They wonder out loud how much longer they and the sheriff can keep up the Indian masquerade. They slip the box into the water, commenting on how Hex wasn't that tough after all. One goon says that he would prefer to hang Hex, the other replies that maybe Hex will wash ashore and someone can have Hex stuffed.
Know-how licence
Shadowbox had a weekly show that they put on with a lot of music and comedy skits... it's a great Friday or Saturday night outing, and it never disappoints. In addition, they put on a full-blown musical once (or so) a year. In the past I've seen The Who's Tommy and The Rocky Horror Show... but this year they created their own show.
18. Oversize
My SIL Hannah who stays in Ara Damansara buzzed me about this new branch of the famous ngap thui meen (duck drumstick noodle) Pun Chun from Bidor, Perak.
the iron and steel from my plasma, and to what end.
The shade Giggle is a pinky mauve with shimmer and for sure my favorite out of the two I have. The shade Goo is a terracotta orange/red brown with shimmer, which isn't necessarily a shade I would wear but I still think it's perfect for someone else.
Help can be in different forms.
I want to thank those kind readers – both Pete’s and mine – who voted for us. Watch this space.
eating
All that we need to do,
Proving that I've been treasure hunting in the wrong place my entire life, Vietnamese fans of 'ear-picking' claim there's a g-spot in the ear capable of producing orgasm-like reactions. Wait -- what?! Also, WTF is ear-picking? I'm not gonna lie, that shit sounds nasty. *wiping booger under Starbucks table*
Adieu
Our trip was home was fairly uneventful. The kids slept quite a lot. Mum and I watched Maisie anxiously as she snored and coughed. We arrived at our lovely local GP early in the afternoon, and got some antibiotics. The poor baby - here's me thinking she's got a head cold, and administering cuddles and Nurofen, and the child had a chest infection. Mother of the Year? I think not.
I guess I was a bit of a troubled kid…
Liz Lukens ... Christmas tree shopper
I make my toasties using one slice of bread, cut in half, in order to satisfy my cravings while not pushing my calorie consumption into the stratosphere. I also use a vegetable slicer to pare off thin slices of cheese, so that I can get complete coverage and good melting.
*DO NOT COMPROMISE WHAT YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO STAND BY FOR ANYONE BUT CHOOSE SO WISELY, SIFITING THROUGH THE WHY OF HAVING SUCH CORNERSTONES ESTABLSIHED APART FROM THE COAT TAILS OF PARENTS.
According to tickets issued for the Olympic Games in London this summer, you can’t post any pictures or video on Facebook, YouTube, etc.
Next, I used my old buddy-Liquid Stitch, to glue on some sequined trim for her collar. Cats wear collars, right?
But, although a number of EU countries face a political crisis, resulting from the consequences of the Financial Crisis of 2008, the economic crisis in the EU, is not in any way as threatening as is often portrayed. As a whole the EU continues to grow, or at least not to go into any kind of serious recession, despite the debt crisis in the Southern periphery. The real crisis in Europe is a political crisis, whose roots lie in the fact that the continued national interests, of individual States, and of sections of national Capital has prevented the necessary establishment of a European State. The real crisis is a political crisis emanating from the jockeying for position, and in particular the attempt of Germany, to ensure that the new European State is shaped in its image.
Mr Whyte’s public statement makes it clear that he has no intention of acknowledging this so-called “kangaroo” court.
Title: The Lucky One
The British Empire forced the Boers into the state of South Africa. A state that they did not want.
When my grandmother passed away, the doctors did not want my grandfather living alone. He was pretty feeble. So my mother and father sold our home and we moved into my grandfather’s house. It was a two bedroom, 1 bathroom home. There were 5 of us. My parents made do until we could remodel the home to have 3 more bedrooms and a bathroom. See, I told you all remodeling leads to being without plumbing at one point and time.
Teaser:
Then I would have peace. I would rest in the glory of my office. I’d be fanned by Chinese coolies, receive ocean flyers, and attend every banquet. My pigtail would grow longer and longer, and I would soon forget that I once was named Hase. And the malcontents would die, and then the world would be content.
In the end, they both have the same lesson to learn from this letter:
"This record takes all the different styles we’ve created in the past and glues them together into one cohesive sound," explains vocalist Andy Deane. "There are elements of what we’ve done before on this record, but we’re more concerned with moving forward than looking back. Bella Morte fans, old and new are gonna love this one."
Make no mistake New Vegas is almost exactly the same as Fallout 3. You are saved (as opposed to being born in 3), create your character and then set off out into the big, wide, world.
1 jeopardize
Also reminding you all to tune into The Flying Lap later today with F1 insider Peter Windsor (@PeterDWindsor) where I believe @ScarbsF1 is one of the special guests.
I'm completely losing track of time but sometime later I'm deep in a conversation with Phil Lynott when I hear Elvis shout out through his microphone.
Harry Redknapp: “I really hope Roy does well with England. H onest.”
So today, it felt amazing to get out of the house. Just being back in civilization has me feeling incredibly better. And a fun new haircut has officially brought me though my summer slump. Yay!
It is surprising - astonishing - and quite sad, actually, to consider how quickly eating out can add up. And we had let it snowball totally out of control. Even in spite of being pretty self-disciplined about cash flow.
When it comes to Divas matches, these same fans will pick and pull at anything they can in order to continue to wallow in the cesspool of their misappropriated hatred of the WWE’s treatment of women’s wrestling. Again, even if the WWE does something right by these women, someone somewhere will grab the slightest bit of nothing and politely poop over the entire athletic affair.
Get off the phone! Put it out of sight.
The Board tried to counter this uprising by offering open and honest dialog to understand why the unhappy homeowners were so very, very unhappy. The unhappy homeowners choose not to engage in dialog either in person, via email or any other offered avenue for discussion. The communication of misinformation continued and finally the Happy Times Board gave up. After all, how could they discuss issues or differing opinions if those who were unhappy would not engage in conversation?
So there, that's me in a nutshell. My choice is based on what I've worn the most and what is quintessentially me. Quite a lot of my handmade garments all work with each other but I like the fact that there are a few wild cards in my wardrobe (not many though!). I don't think you need to be Einstein to work out the patterns that appear in my handmade clothes, do you?!
There are so many fun trends and though I don't use them all, there are three that I'm loving right now.
Macy and Huffman have two Oscar nominations, two Emmy wins, and seven Globe nominations between them.
05. Medley: General Science / Ish / Papa La Bas
“We are also discussing opportunities with many countries to cooperate in terms of uranium exploration and mining,” Sun Qin, president of China’s biggest atomic power plant operator, said in an interview in Seoul today, without giving a time-frame or details on location.
De anarizis purring da permafrust extrazion...Excuse me, but what? English is my native language, but without the subs I would probably be lost. Mari, on the other hand, has really good pronunciation for the most part.
We have already had and slaughtered 100 meat chickens. Well, we didn't slaughter 100, we did 96, the raccoons got 4. It became obvious after 2 turkeys were lost we had to move them too. Apparently my coon killing dogs sleep through the mayhem on the back fence. Dang.
The story has no electrifying moments, but is a good portrayal of the world of the early 1960s as seen through the eyes of individuals. There was a distinct lack of tension in the interaction between the main characters. The circumstances surrounding their meeting sounded matter of fact rather than exciting. The possibility was there but the characters rationalized everything so the tension was removed.
Well I’m not that brave guess I missed out
"The Forum consists of an international group of invited physicians and scientists who are specialists in their fields and committed to balanced and well researched analysis regarding alcohol and health. The Forum includes epidemiologists, statisticians, and basic scientists; cardiologists, hepatologists, neurologists, oncologists, and other medical practitioners; psychologists and social scientists; and specialists in social matters, psychology, and public health."
Cheeky who is off to play in her crafty room....
loud is not the word
As far as my grocery bargain pictures, I should be better at posting more of those. To be honest I never know if people think those posts are lame, or if I should do them. I still shop every 2 weeks and my piles are just as impressive as they always are..I just get lazy and don’t take
There must be more but I'm too tired to remember it right now...
Senior running back Montel Harris has been dismissed from the Boston College football team due to a repeated violation of team rules, Coach Frank Spaziani announced today.
The flower of heaven
Beloved husband and I will be frolicking in the waves on St. Thomas, shopping on St. Maartin and basking in the sun in the Bahamas. Then, I'll drag Beloved Husband around Walt Disney World, so I can relive my youth while spinning my guts out on teacups and laughing wickedly with Jack Sparrow and the other Pirates of the Caribbean.
How to Remove Gasoline Smell From Clothes
The news also saw three of its top executives suspended from their duties.
10. If your mom becomes famous, what will it be for? "writing"
Aha, now we have even more excitement girls! Gilly trotted along with a lovely card using snippets and leftovers from die cutting a swirl - I've seen Sarn use these with a duster brush as a template - and Gilly used hers as an element on the card which you can see here. Isn't it super - I just love the end result. Then, if you scroll down Gilly's posting - finally, her wedding invitations for us to see! Aren't they great?! So elegant - love them Gilly! Things are getting a bit out of hand, we now have a skip arriving in the playground for you all to dump your tiniest snippets in 'cos we have until 30th June to fill it so there's plenty of confetti for the big day:) I suspect that Gilly will be keeping the venue secret in case we all turn up with bulging pockets of snippets plus our trimmers to form a guard of honour outside!
It's moist and tangy, with a tight crumb.
Is getting a high grade on your paper just not satisfying enough? Why not apply to win $1,000?
Living like Jesus is not about he afterlife. It's about life.
I didn’t know that this series is a sort of spin off from the authors first trilogy Daughters of Saraqael. I will tell you that I have already bought the whole series to see where everything began for these characters. Ms. Thomas has a wonderful way with words and I cannot wait to read the rest of the series!
The assistant pleaded guilty in October to the same charges: theft of major artwork and conspiracy to commit theft of major artwork. The pleas capped a case that was a wake-up call for archives and historical institutions nationwide to strengthen their security, prompting checks for visits by the pair and whether anything from historical collections was missing.
It is a strikingly rich album, full of throbbing grooves (‘Song For Eulalie’, being a wonderful example), spoken word interludes and blues-drenched, carnivalesque climaxes, that ultimately ends on a hopeful, life-affirming note: “I know how precious our lives can be / dedicate this moment to you and me / let’s dance / celebrate life”.
Rest the dough for a few minutes.
Term of the licence agreement
4 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced
The hard drive was shot, they told me. So I took it home and carried it into the house along with my camera bag, my handbag, my lunch bag, all the mail from the mailbox, and my coffee cup . . . and just as I was about to set the bag with the old EHD in it on the table, the thing slid out of my hands and onto the floor. Crash.
It really is that simple. Wish to lean out? Each day, eat at least a gram of protein per pound of your bodyweight from primarily meat sources, be generous with your vegetable intake, keep fruit and nut consumption to a minimum, and eat starchier carbohydrates at appropriate times (including post-workout and re-feed days; see ”4 weeks to Fabulous” post below). The meat intake should take care of most of your fat needs.
The PT boat cut through the waves riding the growing swells. Sea water pushed aside in folding waves like pigeon wings. All hands were outfitted in foul weather gear.
If we are cognizant of ways of merging different types of content in order to get the biggest academic bang for the buck, we must also be mindful of methods to access this content; to break it apart, to “disaggregate” it from the traditional bounds of textbooks and to present it to students in an effective manner.
Today we have hunted but we have not had the usual type of hunt. Today was a hunt for those who are weak and easy prey. Today we just found. MHM was still pleased, and told me this. We have found the weak, we have found those who have been lost and are at risk. They are special. I have no idea what this means but MHM is pleased and we have done well.
But you didn’t have to cut me off
Then there is Kim Soo-hyun, who has recently become, through the drama “The Moon Embracing the Sun,” one of the hottest rising faces in the industry. To see him in a big-scale feature like “The Thieves” is exciting. The leggy perennial icon of beauty, Jeon Ji-hyun, and recognizable support Oh Dal-soo are also included.
OK, now I know mistakes happen, but really? Three wrong classes? He's missed a week and a half of his correct classes and now he's going to have to play catch-up in 3 difficult courses. I just hope his teachers take this into consideration and cut him slack and/or let him come in early or stay late to help him to get caught up.
So i finally got my grad dress and i just changed the color so it's a bit darker- and i had to go 2 sizes down from the sample dress and im realllyyyyy hoping that it's gonna fit well when i get it (like 2 months from now?).
Stories of Your Life and Others by Ted Chiang - Hands down the best single author collection I have ever read. Go and buy it now. I'm not kidding in the least. Small Beer recently re-released it so it should be easy to track down. Chiang is the living master of the short form. Everything from the re-telling of the building of the tower of Babel to the inner mind of a man given super intelligence make this my I-can't-believe-I-haven't-read-this-before book of the year. Highly recommended.
(And let me tell you... getting your "sexy back" is just as much for YOU as it is for HIM... I'm learning that daily as my husband is flirting and holding me tighter and longer and checking me out... WOO HOOO!)
“We finished our practice matches against Equatorial Guinea, Zambia and now Ghana, and I think we got what we wanted,” said Mosimane at the post match press conference.
There is one last remark, however, and a vital one, that I must make. No match, however distinguished either by money or position, can be called a good one unless "love," who "is a great Master," be the very core of it.
Cheers to saving the Earth.
The steering rack is mounted low down on the front bulkhead and the track rod passes in line with the lower wishbone and attached to its own clevis on the upright. Adjusting camber also adjust steering toe angle, so any change in the camber shims will require a shim altered on the track rod arm. As the clevis is formed by the upright, the track rod arm is split, with the metal end fitting bolting to the carbon fibre arm, a shim in between this joint creates the difference I track rod length.
Toepfer's loyalty to the SS continued after the war. He later employed notorious Nazis like SS Brigadier Edmund Veesenmeyer, Kurt Haller and SS Major General Hans-Joachim Riecke, all of whom were responsible for hundreds of thousands of atrocities committed during the war.
Sunny Greys is an original and lovely kit, charming and versatile, perfect to dress any page you see fit. This is a lovely way to save your photos and precious memories. Sunny Greys Album coordinates with my kit Sunny Greys. Get the complete collection and add many more pages to your Album.
Unrestrained mobsters
I read Mark Haddon’s The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. I’m STILL not sure what to make of it. I did enjoy some, but had a hard time trying to read through other parts of the book. I think a 3 star or maybe 3.5 rating out of 5 may be a good estimate.
I just miss him so much. I'm having the empty arms... I wish I could do what we used to do. I would sit on his lap and he would wrap his arms around me. It was the safest place on the earth and he took that away from me.
Chris Clement: Not sure I get the jist of that question, but I’ll go with what I think you mean.
There comes a time in every woman's life when she must yield to the inevitable. For me, that time is now.
I asked the logical first question: how would Jesus begin a sermon?
"How have you been?"
10 Truths White And Hispanic People Know, But Black People Won’t Admit:
Dreams outside of time,
Thanks for stopping by and visiting my website, where I routinely post a variety of stuff that's otherwise drifting around my head, or my archives: Photographs, travel stories, pieces on issues relevant to the aid profession, and tips on how to take photos. I hope the variety keeps you interested and you enjoy your stay here.
Mobile Technology Enhances Sports Illustrated
I'm sure the sideways (waiting area) represents very different things to each of us. We were only told it was a place they "made" to find each other. I do have my own thoughts on what it is; of course this is based on the story I perceived through the six seasons.
But of course it’s not that easy.
And although this was a bit before our first model’s time, Hannah tackles this musical challenge with her usual grace – firstly in a pair of mid heel sandals by Lunar (£45) followed by some skyscrapers by Iron Fist (£69.99)
The newest effort in distribution of information on the front is to bring Joseph Kony, the rebel force leader of "God's Resistance Army" in Uganda, to justice for his atrocities to use children as soldiers and sex slaves. Jason Russell, the man behind this initiative, uses his own child in a video to get the sympathy of many young people to contribute financially and support the effort to make Kony a hated household name worldwide. Jason Russell, the spokesperson for Invisible Children, uses the internet to get his message accross in support of this cause. This video was watched by more than 100 000 people within six days.
Himka says,
The title of this post makes it sound like some horror movie set in some forgotten cornfield. Nothing good ever happened in the corn.
It is one of my favourite mags, always full of ideas and tutorials. I also love going on their website to download free papers or just simply for more ideas. If you want to try it here is the link http://www.cardmakingandpapercraft.com/.
She was once a pole-star, an Eskimo queen, a Diana rubric and Billie Jean
In 1998, Rosa’s results were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. There have been some criticisms about the testing, and doubts about the validity of the results, but Larry Sarner has already addressed these in ample detail over at Quackwatch. Even if Rosa was biased against TT, there was no real opportunity for that to affect the results; the ability that she was testing (to physically feel a human energy field) was exactly in line with what practitioners say they can do; and so forth.
2MBS-FM 102.5 is Australia’s first stereo FM radio station. The station was officially opened on 1 February 1975 and we have now been on air for over 37 years. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, we broadcast a wide range of fine music. Renowned composers, orchestras, ensembles and soloists are featured in programs of classical and jazz music. Australia’s most talented composers and performers are also featured regularly in our broadcasts. In addition, 2MBS-FM is dedicated to fostering young Australian talent through the annual Young Performers Award and Young Composers Award. To complement our fine listening, we also publish Fine Music, a monthly magazine featuring interviews, previews, opinions, news, arts calendar and CD reviews. Fine Music has the complete listings of 2MBS-FM airplay. 2MBS-FM also has a professional recording studio for lease, which is used by some of Australia’s leading musicians for CD recordings. We also have a record catalogue featuring over 30 titles. 2MBS-FM is owned and operated by the Music Broadcasting Society of New South Wales Co-operative Limited. We are a member of the NSW Public Broadcasting Association and the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia. Apart from a small number of staff members, the station is entirely operated by hundreds of music lovers who generously volunteer their time and talents to organise and administer our extensive activities.
The rumor is that McCain actually wanted Tiny Fey to be his running mate, but when she turned him down . . .
They looked at each other, pondering the concept, with Nathaniel’s eyes darkened by deep contemplation, and Bert’s depthless in naïve thought.
Anyhow, what I’m saying is that possibly Bogart’s air of controlled menace was enhanced by his facial disability (I mean, the lip, I don’t mean his homely face, although that obviously helped too). There’s something more powerful about a character who exerts intimidation without seeming to try. It has to be inherent.
Our first kick at it came in 1988. Rene had learned all 7 of our songs, and we’d written a batch of new ones so at our best, we could be reasonably entertaining for a full 30 minutes. We probably should have dropped the 45 minute sets.
“The waste and contamination problems at the DOE Weapons Complex are serious and complicated, and many public concerns about potential health and environmental impacts have not yet been addressed.” (Box A, pg. 7).
Talking over the phone to companies who require passwords, mother's maiden name and so on before they will even consider talking to you.
Served immediately, a Grand Marnier soufflé is breathtaking.
He told us all that What Colour is Love? had been a family favourite in his house for years.
January 29, 2005 with the Africa Social Forum
I have two stories Nirvana makes me want to tell, both a bit awkward. One's funny (now), and one's painful, but they both ultimately end well. The first...well, I gave L'Ailee, the girl who would become my wife, my virginity to Nirvana. Sort of. Our relationship was long-distance, me in Orlando and her in New York. We were very young and perpetually broke, but we occasionally scraped together funds to see each other. It took us about a year to actually have sex. We discussed it before a visit, and we decided we were going to make it happen.
This isn't the only bad clause in this publisher's contract--bad clauses don't usually appear in isolation. But it is by far the worst.
I cried happy tears. This is something my heart wanted for so long. So, it’s not even Christmas day yet and I have already received the best Christmas present ever! While it's not wrapped up and under the tree, it will live in my heart forever.
I am both pastor and gardener. The first by occupation, the second by avocation. I love both venues. I also often say that there is no place like the church, and the garden, to break my heart.
But, it was not just a night of CD promotion, though I heard there might have been CDs available at the bar. George touched the heart with beautiful ballads that wrenched at the soul. He performed a more traditional version of “Caledonia” which was so beautiful that I spent most of it in tears. “Ordinary Man” established George as an everyman’s folk singer in a song that was both passionate and powerful. In fact, it was George’s passion throughout the entire night that had me so taken and wishing that we could get more of this in Celtic Thunder shows. It wasn’t just this one song… it was the entire setlist. George infused every song with so much emotion, alternating from passion to tenderness sometimes so quickly and effortlessly that I hadn’t even realized that he had done it. It was the passion that made you really feel the stories being told.
I had the metal basket already, I had purchased it last year at Walmart. At Michaels I bought some silk grass picks in the floral dept., a floral foam square, some speckled eggs, a little butterfly and some moss. I attached the floral foam to the bottom of the metal basket with tape, pushed in the grass picks, covered the top and sides with moss and topped with some scattered, speckled eggs and my little butterfly and voila!!!
Oh well. With all of that said, I think I'm going to pack it in and head up to bed. I've done everything I can. All that's left is to have a good sleep and see what happens!
few questions. I basically told the fellows my situation, and I guess
What I did from then on out was force myself to watch some form of Japanese media every day until this same phenomenon occurred, and almost every time I did I picked up a new word that just stuck with me. The beautiful thing is, the more sources of media I added (books, radio, internet articles, etc…) the more often I could make these connections and the more rapidly I retained information. There came to a point where the only real “studying” I was doing was writing Kanji, and the rest was just assimilating the information.
A few years back, I did this yoga detox over spring break. I was feeling kind of crummy physically, work was stressful — I think I’d been back at APS for just a few months, so I was barely feeling like I had a handle on things — I’d gained some weight, and I wanted to feel better… lighter, so I signed up.
was plagued with water in the ground long after that.
Louise McNeish is knitting rather nice awareness brooches to order (pick your own colours) for a mere £3 donation to Children With Cancer UK. Her JustGiving page is here
(* a much cheaper form of construction that would deprive the construction unions of benefits they thought they were fighting for when they came out in force to support the megadevelopement.)
Worth owning, this.
in. The suit jacket fit tightly over his broad shoulders, pulling under his
Recent research...
There were three cars.
"On page 10 of your book you say: 'While many have traced the origins of metal back to the 1960s ... to the hyperdistorted sound of bands such as Blue Cheer, I contend that one cannot talk about metal as a genre before 1970, before it was aligned with the concert form that provided a suitable setting for such an oversized sound.'
Author's note: My unsparing editor tells me, kindly, that much of this is sentimental bilge, though he concedes his definition of "sentimenal bilge" is rather more strict than my own, for which reason he's corrected some typos and given me a pass (dona nobis pacem, anybody?). I promise I'll try to rein in the sentimentality in the rest of the Postcards from Spring series.
Leaving me to stay and face December snow
What this means can be interpreted in many ways. The most popular belief is the person wants to let their loved ones know there is life after death. In addition, they may want to assure them that they are okay where they are now. Often people will make a sort of pact. They will promise each other whichever one passes first will use a certain sign to let the other one know they are still around. This visitation reassures the remaining person that they will not just cease to exist when they die.
fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has
The lady that hit me was distracted while driving, and I too was distracted while walking across the parking lot. I did look both ways before crossing but because my head was down while walking, I did not see the car fast approaching me.
Is it baseball season yet?
This ended up being our tender boat right under our balcony. This was a supersized tender that took 200 people instead of 50.
N.T. Wright has pointed out that in coming to save the people from their sins there must of necessity be a previous story in which this same people had fallen victim to their sins.[20] He states that this is the story of Israel, “more specifically the story of exile.”[21] As the Old Testament prophets writing during the exilic period make abundantly clear, the Babylonian exile was the result of Israel’s unfaithfulness to the covenant through her social, political, and moral sins.[22] Although by the first century the exile had ended in a geographical sense, the hope of the people was bound up in the
1/2 cup Sucanat
In closing the hearing, Brodsky said the general question of whether we’re subsidizing projects at an appropriate level still remains. Still, he said he appreciated the government officials’ willingness to answer questions at a public forum, calling it an important part of the governmental process.
*Nov-1 Atlanta, GA Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre On Sale Soon
I wish we could go back to the days when companies told us the truth. Their products contained a lot of sugar, but they told us so. Now, we have to decifer the information on the side of the box. We have to figure out what they are hiding.
Soil can only hold a certain amount of water, and it needs to be wet all the way down for rainwater to make its way down through the soil to reach aquifers (underground rocks where water is held in tiny holes in the rock).
I drew my lilac with a 0.1 mm Copic multiliner onto Color laser copier paper and photocopied it before coloring it. Because the paper is so thin it takes very little ink to evenly soak the paper and the backside looks very rich and vibrant. You can easily see the final lighting and tell which leaves are close and important and which ones are in the back and complimenting the foreground elements.
Chickens. That's all you are, blowhard loud-mouthed chickens.
This is the story of Mr. Kerneels van Rensburg who, with four other farmers, owned a 3 900 ha property called Kafferskraal. On his 700 ha portion he produced 800 tons of mealies per annum and as much meat needed to feed 20 000 people. A land claim on these farms was completed in July 2001. In September 2001 the farmers left and there has been no movement on the farms since then, except that one of the previous owners is renting his particular property back. No business plans were produced, although Mr. Van Rensburg said he’d help the new owners.
the wicked are ensnared by the work of their hands.
We are worth that, no?
Regret is sneaky. Ten years later, it can creep up and wrap its tentacles around me, hold me captive. It reminds me not only of that terrible day, but my other mistakes. Of that moment when I said something hurtful to my spouse, or yelled at my child, or gossiped about a friend. Regret has claws and when you’re not looking -- it grabs you, it chokes you. It puts poison down your throat and paralyzes you from going forward. Regret decrees you guilty and pours ashes upon your head as you languish in shame.
Angelica, heroine of MANIC KNIGHT, walks over, coffee cup always in hand. "Oh, Partial Request came in for SUGAR RUSH. Don't you hear the A-Teens? They top her playlist for that story." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfAsy90arb4
How do we respond when we make a mistake? When our actions are repulsive? Ironically it is a chance to receive the grace to contemplate Jesus. Our tiny drop of revulsion is multiplied infinitely and placed upon the Lamb of God. How did God the Father let His Son take the blame? It’s placing the blame and punishment on the innocent. Only God can do such a thing. Only His Son could have satisfied this role. Only God can create such an act of mercy and perfection. Perfect justice. All debts paid at once. But when we reject this truth we let our pride and insecurity win.
And if that wasn't enough, Zoe has some fabulous candy up for grabs. You can check out the amazing giveaway right HERE.
We have a small courtyard in front of our house where we have set up a small metal table and chairs. My youngest daughter has dubbed this the "Friendship Table" because we like to sit out there in the sunshine and chat with each other. She especially enjoys eating lunch out there with her friends when she is having a playdate. I used the number two sticker to symbolize these two cute girls.
From the fifth Commandment we learn to honour our mothers and fathers. The family is the beginning of civilisation and we have warnings from one-parent families to go by - the misery and trouble they are often in. The bonds that unite us are affective not rational - we feel that we belong and are comfortable. We feel at home. We like our land because we have bonded with it and this bond has been sanctified by time. These affections grow naturally within the family where responsibility for our community begins and is perpetuated in creating and rearing children and renewing our community so what was handed down to us is passed on. Homosexuals do not have this fulfilment as they have no further stage to move onto and remain in adolescence.
555-4823
Four countries in the Nile Basin on Friday signed a new agreement on the equitable usage of the River Nile waters despite strong opposition from Egypt and Sudan.
Quickly I would like to highlight an ethical stance on SEO. In sum, SEO is designing your website so that search engines find it and are most likely to place your site or blog at the top of the search list, thus increasing your likelihood of being visited. There are the ethical (White Hat) ways of designing your site, and the “less honourable” (Black Hat) ways of designing your site. The White Hat designs use good design mixed with good content to lead people to a site where they will read information relevant to their search. The Black Hatters manipulate search engines using various techniques, like invisible text, to lead people to the site regardless of what they are searching for. Fear not! When Black Hat tactics are caught search engines often ‘unlist’ them until they come into compliance. My stance should be obvious to anyone who has read my previous posts; if you want to write content for people to read, and have those peoples trust, then you will do everything you can to hold yourself out there (in the world and the blogosphere) as a person of integrity. That means, when someone comes to your site, they found you because you are relevant to their search results. Remember, you should always have your audiences’ best interest in mind. Put on the White Hat.
Check out this card...it's covered in several different colors and textures. Super fun and a great way to use up those scraps that you just can't bring yourself to throw away. :)
I want to live, not just barely exist.
“We will not pursue all-out war; we will instead pursue all-out justice. All-out war is indiscriminate and borne out of danger. All-out justice is sober and fair; it is based on the rule of law, and leads to lasting peace.”
brooke.Apr 22, 2012 09:36 AM
A great book to share.
This assumption of trust can occur in wine stores. A number of customers walk into a wine store and ask for a recommendation from an employee, trusting that the employee will choose wisely for them. When the employee offers a recommendation, the customer may then immediately purchase that wine, trusting that they have not been led astray. They don't ask about the employee's credentials or whether they hold any certifications. They don't ask about their years of experience or their areas of expertise. The mere fact that the employee works in the wine store is enough for some customers to imbue trust in that employee.
Hope you see me in the same light too
No you won’t
Once we get there, it’ll all be a big bang, a fire party and a killing new blast,
Cool till ganache is spreading consistency. Use to drizzle on or fill cookies.
Leaving aside the problem of distinguishing between love and sex or politics and war, what is ‘searing’ doing in that first sentence? It’s the kind of vapid qualifier you hear on the news or in celebrity interviews….how does a poem sear? What does it sear? If it’s the reader, why would you want to read something that did that to you unless you were a paid up member of the masochists union. Why does ‘Honest’ need an adjective and why “unflinchingly”. How do you tell if a poem flinches or it's honest?
Father Federico Lombardi, the Pope’s official spokesman, said: ‘There will be no objection from us regarding the opening of the tomb. There are no secrets in the Vatican, nothing has been hidden and we have always cooperated fully with the authorities.’
A good conference is marked by the questions it poses and the avenues it opens, and this conference was no exception. In her closing review of the proceedings, Talya Fishman outlined three areas of Jewish studies that could be enhanced by greater understanding of Islamic law: (1) the consolidation of legal traditions in the Geonic period; (2) a change in the “technology” of the law (from oral to written Torah); and (3) Geonic epistemology and treatment of both aggadah and halakhah. To this list one may add the lacunae mentioned above, as well as scholarly understanding of Karaism (something this blog has recently highlighted). Ultimately, Judeo-Islamic studies remains a young and exciting field.
And what were the comments which caused Kashgari to receive multiple death threats as well as an arrest order from the Saudi king himself? The original blasphemous remarks were deleted from his Twitter account, but are reportedly as follows:
Where’s Michael?
Duration: 45 mins
Inside the bunker, computer screens displayed, government approved, data showing the front lines stretching from coastal South Carolina all the way to eastern Texas with a second front on the west coast still confined to coastal California and Oregon. Blinking lines on the screens showed refugee routes broken down in different colors for the levels of American citizenship.
let me go to the track when there's 100,000 less people
The film takes place eight years after the events of The Dark Knight and Bruce Wayne is a broken man, still recovering from his battle with the Joker, and the deaths of Rachel Dawes and Harvey Dent, both of which the Batman was partially responsible for. But Gotham is at peace, and the Batman has not been seen in that time.
Two important strengths that were listed in the morning and afternoon sessions were committed community activists and engagement of the Black community. Both groups made it clear that we, the community, were speaking, but were not being heard.
I have often acknowledged to my American friends that the Skyscraper is an American icon and if I went to New York or Chicago would be very impressed by them; but, England has a different tradition and a different scale. Strangely the first steel structured building was built in Shrewsbury. It was difficult to get a photograph of this as it has buildings all round it. (3)
6) The Hidden Damage of Eating Disorders This inadequacy is due to the lie that resides beneath our cultural over-emphasis on physical beauty: “The only thing that is truly important or valuable about your identity is your appearance.”
I heard this song on playlist.com this morning, and it struck a chord in me, and I knew I had to share it here. (if the pop up player isn't working.. you can go here to hear the song.)
Hello all! Long time no blog! My apologies. Not only have I been busy, but I really haven't felt much like blogging of late. Now that winter is settling in, though, I'll probably hop back on the blog train. Don't hold your breath though.
bleed out
One of the reasons this opening became so famous was Obari animated it single-handedly. Now a single person animating openings back in the 70s and 80s was not unusual, however a single person producing something that good – while being so young at the time – made it particularly impressive. He remembers working on it through his 20th birthday in the January of 1987. Another factor in it becoming famous was that Obari had changed the designs of the Mechs’ faces, which the staff were fine with, until Bandai realised what was being shown on the TV in the opening was not reflective of the actual toys they were selling to the kids. So in the end they were forced to redraw the Mechs back into the Kunio Okawara style.
3:) Being a burden on our children.
It’s first and last priority will be self-preservation. And no price will be too high for that. Your sacrifice will be its’ salvation and satisfaction.
The giveaway will end April 24th!
Chimney Leaks – 6 Ways to Prevent Your Chimney From Leaking Water
I enjoyed hearing again the wonderful snippets of Tabu Ley, ZAO and others in Maika Munan's song as well as the flute in the songs by M'Pongo Love and Ikomo "Djo-Djo" Ingange.
Primary numbers we'll release later in the week make it clear that Byron Georgiou has virtually no chance of winning the Democratic Senate nomination but if by some chance he did he would start out 17 points behind Heller at 48-31. Georgiou has threatened in recent days to run as an independent but it's not really clear where his support would come from if he did that.
There were a few issues though. First, the high that day was 102 degrees. My Pat's Run shirt didn't fit. Nick had strep throat and wasn't feeling good at all, and they make ALL strollers go behind the runners, joggers, and walkers. Therefore, some of us who wanted to jog with a stroller were unable to because we were behind 15, 000 walkers. We started out by trying to jog but we were just snaking back and forth between so many walkers. But it worked out because Nick really wasn't feeling well and he couldn't run for long anyway. I guess the kids thought the walk was boring and they actually both fell asleep for a good portion of it.
with rancour, return on the wind,
Lets look at Africa, where there certainly do appear to be some cultural problems, which are hindering development and which arguably put their long term futures at risk. It has been suggested, in the same way as the English are alleged to have a propensity for binge drinking and anti-social behaviour, the African character lacks drive and industry, and is prone to acts of irrational violence (recent events in Kenya and South Africa would seem to bear this out). If this is true, then the solution is obvious, they should import as many Chinese as possible (its already happening) and, in a few generations of Afro/Oriental amour we might see a new industrious and driven Africa, with a very rational approach to violence.
5 Time Keeps Slipping Away 3:18
The Thoenes are not only master stylists but experts at capturing readers’ minds and hearts.
- Slant-Eye (although, not as offensive as Round-Eye?)
Perhaps the USPTO's parent agency, the U.S. Department of Commerce, is concerned that a registered practitioner under the same customer number might imrpoperly view an application on Private PAIR before the foreign filing license is granted? If so, then couldn't this Notice be revised to reflect any such actual concerns, rather than "hiding the pickle" behind volumunous and nearly impregnable export control regulations?
The two billion could have been spent on capital expenditure (capex) which builds capacity to create more wealth.
"it's a poem. Mommy wrote a poem about who she is. "
At first you know, I didn’t even see him; Hey, I was out there on the run.
But one of the administration's chief advisers on Muslim issues also has pushed the idea that America has treated its Muslim citizens unfairly. Dalia Mogahed, a pollster by
And tusked like the great cave bear;
It’s Heaven and Heaven
I think my gesture probably came off as more creepy than caring and thinking about it, yeah, it kind of does sound creepy; taking a ring from a middle-aged slug for the purpose of warding off other middle-aged slugs.
Have fun and stay busy – Luke 19:13
Running is a mental thing for me. Tonight, it was super-mental. Every time I was about to run (I have 3 or 4 walking bits), I had to remember how to start on the right foot. I'm sure I must have had a weird expression every time. This was not a great run. I'm not sure if it was actually from the right-footed running, or if I was just a bit tired or hungry or under-hydrated... I will be trying to do this more often, but more so that I know that I can do it.
The rest of the things are pictured here. A few chairs, a little stool, an old box and a tote. We also found her a cute table. Hopefully these things will give her booth the look she was hoping for!!
Names are huge for me and not openly naming the novel’s narrator was deliberate – she has nicknames instead e.g. Little Miss Prim. (I know her real name, though!)
Selfishly
And then at the end of the appointment poor thing got 4 shots...on her birthday! Hopefully she only remembers cake and presents and not the shots!
A note: I have heard pounding from across the way, out by Randy’s place, in the back. Need to ask him what it could be, it’s pretty late even for him to be working. I’ve heard this for over 3 weeks now. Not the same every night, but none the less I still here it. Sounds like someone is building something or cutting a tree with an ax.
Leather wrap Bracelet:: Hardware:: etsy (review soon)
7. Snowbird
A good alternative tree for those of you who are lucky to enjoy a tropical Christmas!
- The Levite Leviathan
*Now do you see why I was concerned at looking like a WHORE! Look at my shirt!*
I don't like 'em.
Hope everyone is enjoying the book and we'll see you back next week! (hopefully!)
Actually, although I am dreading it somewhat (after the tedious chapters on early Christianity and early persecutions), the juxtaposition/struggle between paganism and Christianity in the large government of the Late Roman Empire should be interesting. Remembering, of course, Gibbon is writing in the late 1700′s and has been mercilessly beaten up by the press and established conservative church, so he is liable to over-explain, water-down, and dance around the hot topics of the day (after all, who needs all that stress? – Gibbon has 4 more volumes to write and 1000 years to cover yet).
25. See chapter 6, Robert H. Bork., Slouching Towards Gomorrah: Modern Liberalism and American Decline, ReganBooks, New York, 1997.
Brian and I had a great weekend in western Mass., sipping shamrock shakes, sunbathing in the park across the street from the hippie sandwich place, visiting Emily Dickinson's ghost. I got 6 books at Amherst Books for $36, while Brian napped on a park bench. As I exited the bookshop, I passed a man playing a harp in an alley.
Free speech doesn't apply here, either. It was this creep's right to write and publish the book, but that doesn't mean that anyone has to sell it. Choosing to do so implies that either (1) you actively support pedophilia and would like to encourage others to try it, or (b) you don't give a shit and just want to make money. Or both.
federal-state-county- municipal, due to the Federal Project of Credit,
Continue April 26, 2012: Part 2 of 5
I have been hospitalized for migraines from the lupus. I have a lot of pain in my legs. That is the part of my body that hurts the most. I had cellulitis of the face a year ago that I would have never had if it had not been for the lupus. My immune system is shot and I can’t fight off anything. In part because of the lupus, and also because of the meds I take to purposely lower my immune system to try to make the lupus less active. I get pnuemonia easily, I have problems with low blood sugar daily. I have to take a heart pill twice a day to try and keep my heart in a normal rhythm. I have numbness in my limbs due to vasculitis from the lupus. The nuerontin I take really helps with this. I have dizzy spells a lot for which I take meclizine. My doctors keep me stocked in prednisone the Lupus responds well t it. I take three shots a week, two enbrel shots and one methotrexate shot. I have 13 prescriptions I get filled monthly. Muscle relaxers help with the pain, stiffness and Charlie horses in my muscle tissue.
But 6-7 year olds? Christ on a crutch, people. I don’t think that’s photoshopped. I think that kid really is latched on to that teat. And he’s probably messed up for life. If you’re old enough to ask for it by name you should be cut off until you’re of dating age.
As you move forward on your journey, you can expect that few will understand and even fewer will care. In fact, it is very likely that no one will care about your efforts to self-actualize. Any attempts to engage someone on the subject will end up dead in the water. People are either too uncomfortable about the issue, they don’t understand it, or they are just not interested. You will quickly realize this when you see eyes glaze over at the mere mention of the word self-actualization. And you will come to see that you are essentially on your own.
The kids also get to spend their "nap" time (no one naps but Treston but they are supposed to be quiet and read in their room) in the play room.
Going their is just a breeze from our hotel, we walked going to Savemore and rode a jeepney – then when the driver said we need to go down, we did, rode a tricycle and boom Welcome to Paradizoo… (actually we just guessed our way going there so I can’t really explain what we did Ü )
Sarcasm is his best, and only, friend. He smirks 24/7. He pushes people away, and spends most of his time alone. Sure, he's in love with the girl main character, but he doesn't want to be. And he doesn't show it... often. His idea of a good time is ripping enemy guts out. Unlike the Gentleman, BBWAHOG likes human blood. Lots of it. His moral compass seems to be broken, but every once in a while, he'll spare a life. Maybe even to please girl MC. Or maybe because he does have a heart, after all. To most people, BBWAHOG is very confusing and unpredictable. Only girl MC can decode him, and even save him from darkness. Sooner or later, BBWAHOG turns into a bit of a Gentleman.
I would liken the early communist conspirators, malevolent as they may have been, to a deluded scientist who created a faulty chemical weapon, which once injected into its victim takes on a life of its own, driven on mindlessly by the flaws within its design and independent of the plans of its designer.
MILK AND HONEY: A CELEBRATION OF JEWISH LESBIAN POETRY
Send A Smile 4 Kids has a great challenge up today.... buttons and ribbons and/or bows! I jumped on the "and/or" because I just don't seem to leave room in my imagination quite yet for bows when I'm thinking through my design... or I never have just the right ribbon I would want to use.
Mac Rebennack, better known by his stage name Dr. John, is in his 70s. The New Orleans icon has been recording music for more than half a century, has more soul in one of his nose hairs than most of us have in our entire beings, and, honestly, if he wanted to rest on his laurels, he would be deserving.
Three in the morning, and I'm still awake
Polyphony and chant provided by Cantus Magnus:
This year, I managed to find some soy hot dogs at my local bio shop, steamed sweet corn, and a huge, massive apple pie (with an all-margarine crust, for the first time ever!) that got gobbled up before I could snatch a photo. No fireworks, and the beer was most certainly not American swill, but it came pretty damn close to my July 4ths of yore. Until I'm rich enough to fly back to the US for my favorite holidays, this is a decent replica.
The Santa Ana winds hit the morning of our second day in Disneyland. And they hit HARD. Holy Clarabelle Cow, they were strong suckers! They made walking in a straight line much, much more of a Herculean effort than it ever should be. And worse? They were carrying soot, smoke, stink, and debris from all the nearby Orange County wildfires, which really made the winds quite brutal. The smoke stung our eyes and the soot penetrated through our clothes and made itself at home in…. umm…. all sorts of delicate places where one NEVER wants soot to settle. (*wince*) By the time we had walked the half mile trek from our hotel to the theme park, we had already renamed them the SATAN Ana winds.
Lately, I have been so bogged down with my word choice and syntax that I am losing sense of the bigger picture: the themes, the emotional trajectories, and the grand assessments I would like to distill. I am sacrificing the macro for the micro.
Anyways, I've got a quick recipe that is mindless, that the husbie & i have been enjoying this winter. It's almost an every night thing. Which is good and bad.
Revlon Face Product $2/1 f
I love looking at books.
To the more high minded reader it may seem bizarre to suggest fighting genocide with humour or through entertainment, yet these are the tools which our adversaries have used so effectively. We need to get the truth out, and sadly a joke or a wacky video will get to far more people, and will be responded to by far more people, than any number of serious articles like this one. That's how the left do it.
I did not see the Packers lose to the Chiefs, but I did see the Falcons confuse and bother Aaron Rodgers for a half earlier this year. They could do the same to Eli Manning. The defense was good in 2010-2011, but has yet to live up to potential this season. There is nothing wrong with the high-powered Falcons offense, and there is no snow in the New York forecast to slow the game down. Will the Giants' defensive line continue to play well? If they don't the Falcons could score 30.
Two days later, I was called in to play the cello. Not play. Pretend to play. The TV show was casting a string quartet, but they specified that the musicians would not be expected to actually perform. If it were not for that specification, I would not have put myself up for the job. Although I studied the cello for eight years, that was when I was a kid. I haven’t held a cello since I was a junior in high school.
This morning we were 3 games in and I couldn't tell you who was winning because every time I get ahead of him, he pauses the game and we trade steering wheels...ha...so technically HE is kicking MY butt!
The show had me hooked from the start, when I noticed the small drip of water above the stage, which I originally thought was a glitch. It wasn’t until the show started, and then water started being splashed around the stage that I realized it was part of the show (d’uh)!
“I think it was a very gutsy performance by the team and I would’ve preferred to be eating Michael Bloomberg’s special Long Island cheesecake, but I’m hoping he can enjoy the delicacy we know as a BeaverTail,” said Watson.
I love all the hidden little characters in the quilt like the dwarfs, mermaids, castle peep, unicorn. I love the NOT so hidden characters too especially the witches!
And that's where I saw the most trash.
- Please no long lists of dozens of different things followers can do to gain extra entries.
Brian Friel’s Dancing at Lughnasa
I'm not sure if you are sealed to us. I'm not sure if I'll be able to grow you a new, perfect body for you to live in or if I'll get to raise you to become a woman. Those things aren't known to me. But I have faith in God and His perfect plan, and I know that all the injustices in this world will be made right through Jesus Christ's atonement.
A few years ago, I got these Motorola S9 headphones in swag bag at a snowboarding event. I never used them much and they got relegated to the back of a drawer. Then I started going to the gym a lot and realized wired headphones suck!
None the less, one of my biggest questions is so where has the mighty guru the oz of economic development or sometimes even more cynical faux names like the Johnny Appleseed of economic development, gotten the right to proclaim his expertise? Then they use such (alleged slams) like saying that my books are self-published inferring that this means they are not well read and popular amongst my peers. When in actuality my books have sold well and that has been what has propelled my consulting business and my public speaking engagements.
For those who are interested, the book is called Doodle Bugs by Annette Ornelas.
With their origins being from Toronto, Ontario, Canada it was only befitting that the video I chose to highlight came from the 1970 Festival Express a train ride through Canada with some of the biggest names of Rock and Roll’s stars of that day, with a performance in Toronto.
Siouxsie & The Banshees Christine UK
Should house so great a Hall
7. El & Gimgin - Aquarius
x Carol
Pearl bow from ebay
I wanted to throw myself on top of her. When she was in her hospital bed. I wanted to give myself to her completely. I crawled up inside of her. Mommy Mommy. As I held her. As I held her as she died. I am the daughter of the housewife that Cixous writes about. Peter Handke's "stations of a woman's life." I knew that I must write her, I knew I must bring her back to life, I must write through this silence, scream through this silence, the closed spaces of the family, the penitentiary walls, I am giving little nubs of pencil and scraps of paper and I write desperately, furiously, I must announce myself or I will disappear, like they all disappear, I refuse to be cloaked anymore in this silence, the silence of Catholicism the silence of family the silence of politeness the silence of dutiful daughterhood. I am choking. I am choking on the damp blanket of this silence. All the terror of the family. And new news. New news plus this old ancient terrible news, the familiar news of death. News so horrible it is unspeakable. Don't say anything. Don't breathe a word. One must suffer through. One must suffer silently or one must allow oneself to be named as mad.
1. Roughly chop the bacon (and garlic, chicken, onions) and dry fry in a non-stick pan for 2-3 minutes. Set aside.
The script is wrong, the tone is wrong, the dynamic is wrong and the content, at least for those bits without Jay and Silent Bob, is wrong.
So I guess I wasn't all that miscellany for today, but I wanted to share Molly's poor, pitiful story. Have a great Monday!
~ Stickles or any type of glitter glue
It is such an honor to speak to you on this sacred day honoring the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., one of the greatest prophetic figures of all time. Thank you especially to Marcia Fort, the extraordinary executive director of GIAC, and to Ellen Baer and the planning committee.
I drew a new pic of my favourite character from the comic - Spikes Harvey Rotten - the Hyper punk of the Cursed Earth! :)
EDITOR: Cunt. (Rings off, submerges and gurgles public-spiritedly)
Words do not break bones; sticks and stones do that. Words, in themselves, are not insulting; the intention of the people saying them may be.
In addition we would love to see your awesome Mustache and Costume shots! Please send us your best Costume or Mustache shots to:
What they did was to take the 2 million dollars and divide it equally among the number of people in the United States of America at that time, based on the census. They figured out how many people were in each individual state.
Still at the ‘unproven theory’ stage is the potential function of the supplementary air intake above the drivers head. This had been presumed to be purely to feed an oil cooler, but closer inspection suggests there may be another primary function for this inlet. Allied with the shark fin, the inlet appears to provide airflow to inside the rear wing. Creating a ‘blown slot’ to make the rear wing more effective. Similar to a concept used by BMW Sauber last year.
The thing is though, I do love to talk. When I’m with my parents I talk non-stop. When I’m with my boyfriend (now that we’re very close) I talk non-stop. The problem is I get very nervous when people I don’t know are there. What if they think I’m stupid? What if they laugh at me?
Thankfully I haven't had them anywhere near as regular yet, but this is by far the earliest they have ever started. The good thing that I can tell you is that at least we know these contractions do ABSOLUTELY nothing to my cervix. This is in no way a sign that this baby is going to come early. I hope that I have learned a few things about my body and that I won't be such a sucker this time around. I really never thought I would know the difference between false and real labour, but when I had that first real contraction I knew without a doubt. Here are some of the things I have learned about my braxton hicks.
Life begins and ends when I say so. It’s my choice, my heart, my soul, my mind and I see it all through my eyes only. I write the beginning, the middle and the bitter end.
I'm telling ya - it's the strategic placement of kids around me.
E-Books have dramatically changed the game of advice giving. People with experience are no longer inhibited by publishing houses and can easily put their thoughts into the field at large. A veritable cornucopia of subjects and angles are presented online. You are given the ability to choose between whose voice you agree with.
AND MY GOD, THE CHARACTERS. They are what make this book for me.
(*While these don’t seem immediately gimmicky, they are. Chick-fil-a began as a chicken sandwich slinging shop and grew its repertoire to include all kinds of products, but they’re really all just takes on the same ol’ same ol’ chicken.)
When questioned, the White House Office of Management and Budget (“OMB”) admitted it had edited the statements, but insisted that “coaching” and “providing consistency” in witnesses testimony was “standard practice.”
We half-expected letters to be waiting for us on our desks or an instant summons from Tindle management but instead we were met with wave upon wave of… silence.
How would you like to be able to win some to try for yourself? Well Wanchai Ferry and My Blog Spark are going to make that possible for one of you. One winner will receive their own Beef and Broccoli meal along with two tea sets.
The most expensive thing I’ve ordered is a Yami Yugi figure for £50, now I’m not one for expensive figures but as many of my friends know… I LOVE YAMI YUGI!!!!! He is one of my favourite anime characters so TAKE ALL MY MONIES FOR THE FIGURE!!!!! Plus I’d rather collect it at Expo as I don’t trust the mail staff around where I live XD
Joe Lieberman, the head of the Senate’s Homeland Security Committee, claimed yesterday that the leaks organised by Julian Assange and his associates were “serious violations of the Espionage Act”. US State Department spokesman Philip Crowley added: “What WikiLeaks has done is a crime under US law.”
I realize more fully each day that I fail Him... that unless my Redeemer first fills my heart with cheerfulness, I cannot possibly share it with others. Unless my Strength and my Song first causes gratefulness to well up in my heart, it is impossible to be truly appreciative of what others do for me and, more importantly, of what others mean to me.
into the darkness, like that turning light.
As an actor, I have to be a detective when teasing apart a character like this — looking for clues in the words themselves; looking for clues in what others say about the character; looking for clues in the actions the character takes.
The best ones have to be:
Geek notes that LMAMS, when launched, will acquire its target in less than twenty seconds. LMAMS vehicles fly 100 meters above the target, and can circle for up to thirty minutes if there is not a clear shot.
And that a slight companionable ghost,
3- Pass this Honour to other newly discovered or followed Blogger friends....
I have to say I love my Easter 'egg', a giant chocolate cupcake!! How perfect...not eaten it all yet... My mum loved the Mozart chocolate balls (don't laugh), so I got her a load of those and even tried making her an actual egg from the moulds I got in Poundland, I think it's definitely much easier to just buy them! But it still looked cute. Keep posted for all of the Easter treats I made.
Around the blogosphere, I was very relieved to discover that some Warcraft 2 players do not spend all 24 hours a day online playing games. Apparently, they spend some hours in the day reading blogs such as mine. Quite a debate ensued over the merits of my work.
Text Added March 22nd 2010:
The kind of day for jellybean tea.
I made a few sales in the shop this week of my Warrior Salve and soap! I'm so happy to have products that actually help people (plus, I really need the sales). I also had fun concocting a new foot soak.
Jesus challenges us to make up our mind. Rather be for Him or totally not interesting… than living on the fence?
Anyone who responds to these God-posts will discover the One who is faithful to show His love to all who open up to His offer of a loving relationship. He will be there with you in those difficult time when no one else seems to hear your unspoken cries for help or understanding.
Everyone is really supportive and kind about my hobby. My husband even gives me suggestions when I get stuck.
Stop hanging out with your daggy friends, get with the hip, new crowd.
Do paint the meadows with delight
She will tempt you from home, from your children and wife
so i better run...
How can a person know whether self-pubbed books are good or not and after reading a bad one or two, why would you slog through several to find a good one?
It's amazing how many times I've watched this video in the last few days. To be honest, I sort of found it by accident while trying to find another version of the song. Despite its being 10 minutes long, I decided to watch it anyways, and I can't seem to stop watching it.
Just before I got sick and started this diet, I had a craving for something gooey and BBQ saucy. My answer was to throw together a bowl of BBQ Chicken Quinoa. I must say, it really hit the spot. This is one of the healthier comfort foods I can think of—bonus!
if it were soon made clear
Always..... I seem to find some excuse or another
I know there had been 500 complaints about a particularly nasty male rape scene in the second two part drama of the long running crime drama and I think the BBC got cold feet in showing the next instalment, And Then I fell in Love.
"If you have limited time for crafting, Two - Hour Cross-Stitch: Flowers is the perfect book for you. It's brimming with 300 classic, vintage and retro-inspired blossoms that are not only beautiful, but also quick and easy to stitch. The colourful motifs are shown finished and are accompanied by a chart and a list of suggested colours. Perfect for stitching on the go, these flowers are sure to shine on any project you design."
I looked in my heart while the wild swans went over.
I was hoping to keep a record of sorts of this house building adventure on this blog, but since it's been months since I posted I think I've missed a step or two. ;) Good thing I've been taking pictures so we have something to look back on.
We will also look at a longer haibun from Robert Spiess, who was one of the first writers of English North-American haibun.
He stopped Congress from trying to turn the veteran’s pension system into a full-scale welfare program by vetoing hundreds of private pension bills, and then topped it off by rejecting a major pension reform bill rife with fraud. He also famously vetoed a bill to provide seed to drought-stricken farmers in Texas, saying that although “the people should support the government, the government should not support the people.”
When someone asks God, into their heart they are considered (Baby Christians) This is a very tender time for a new christian and the Devil knows this So this is Where Faith comes into place because you will make sinful mistakes Because NO Christian is perfect… When you do make a mistake Speak out to God, (Pray) and repent for your sinful action and Ask God to help you learn from your mistake…
THIRTY years! And we started talking as if no time had gone by. It was soooooo much fun.
A reverend used Twitter at the weekend to call for white people in South Africa to be killed.
The class I've felt the most intimidated about? Spanish I. It's been 12+ years since I've tried to learn a foreign language. A couple of nights prior to my first day at school I expressed my language acquisition nervousness to my friend, Emmi, who is currently a Spanish high school teacher. The way she explained learning language to me really resonated; along the lines of how I learned my first language, English, as a baby picking up on individual words, learning to piece together sentences, grammar, ... eventually reading, writing, proper pronunciation, yada yada. She forewarned me of teachers who have - other methods.
Early on in my parenting journey I remembered hearing that a child sees himself/herself with the same eyes a parent sees them. If you see your child and notice all the things out of place: the smudges of food on his/her face, the shirt crumpled and on backwards or shoes on the wrong feet; your child will see themselves with "flaws".
There are not many things in my life I say I cannot live without. Mostly, when talking about the necessities of life, food, shelter, and clothing are the sorts of things that come to mind. But somewhere on that list, for me at least, is My Little Ponies. Yes, I do mean the 80’s toyline of ponies with magical powers that come in a rainbow of pastels. Yes, I do mean the very one’s that accompanied a positively awful cartoon of squeaky high-pitched voices where the pony heroines would save the day from villains by using the power of magic, rainbows, and song.
From there, newspapers sometimes complicate matters by referring to readership, reasoning that more than one person usually reads a copy – for instance, family members or work colleagues would generally share rather than each buy their own copies. But there can be little arguing with newspaper sales figures.
How I do bare minimum so as to conserve energy & not cross invisible line.
I am going back to where we started, in 2 Timothy 4:16. “At my first answer, no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.” But it goes on in verse 17.
*You have really grown up a lot this school year. I can't believe how independent you have become, especially with things like getting yourself ready for school, doing your homework, making your bed, and helping me with different things. I have been very grateful that all I have to do is ask you to please do these things and you do them. It has given me the time I need to help Harriet do the same things. It is awesome that you just do them on your own now.
Now that that's out of the way, I've missed you guys! I really have. I've sort of been like this crazy solitude writer. It's been productive (excluding the past two weeks) but lonely.
I do not see where unity is possible between these two worlds as they drift farther and farther apart unless they both cling to the same ligament, the only thing strong enough to bind us together.
John Lennon – “Mind Games” (Apple)
Cloth Diapers have THE CUTE FACTOR
Vampyr is a nearly-silent German film from 1932; director Carl Theodor Dreyer was mostly used to working with silent movies, and while there is a smattering of dialogue (in German, though both subtitled and dubbed versions are available in English), much of the story is told in silent movie fashion, with title cards providing occasional dumps of exposition.
I returned it all except for the red and green narrow spools. I intend to use them on Christmas cards, and that is all I really need. Not every color in every width. It wasn't until I was at a different Hobby Lobby and bought even more colors that I realized I had gone way overboard. Geeze, what was I thinking? I really don't have to have it all.
Body language was the focal point of the youth culture of rock. Dance steps were trained in the shadows of teenage rooms and living rooms while the parents were away working. They were displayed in public with the help of dance bands, juke boxes and rock'n'roll movies, accompanied with clothes, hairstyles and poses. As a part of this distinct culture words primarily functioned within phrases and served only a subordinate role in its language.
Sometimes intelligence can actually be detrimental. I've seen this firsthand. When someone can get by on intelligence alone, they don't always have to take initiative, and they get frustrated and give up when things dont come easy.
First hand verified.. light drizzle or spot shower over south St. Louis 135am CDT 10/28/2011 (here at my house).
694 **D-IV/27/1975. “The Public Interest in Privacy.” K.A.M.-Isaiah Israel Congregation, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in C-1977(5), above.) See Items A-3, A-4, and A-5, above.
So … I’m afraid it’s taken me a couple of months to get my act together and write about our wonderful exploratory foray across to the other end of the American continent.
UPDATE: 23rd February, 2011. I have rarely seen such a carefully considered piece as the one penned by commercial property commentator, Bill Nowlan in today’s Irish Times in which he seems to accept the inevitability of FG/Labour’s plans for retrospective rent reviews. He cites IPD saying that on the portfolio in Ireland on which they determine their index (with the Society of Chartered Surveyors) the manifesto pledges would result in a 19.8% decline in capital prices on the IPD-monitored portfolio. In one of the best written pieces I think you could expect to see on this subject Bill argues for a system which would protect tenants whilst deterring “chancers” and “try-ons”. Whilst still firmly speaking for the property industry (and I note the photograph used in the piece is of a shopping centre owned by Irish Life who are a leading pension provider in the State – so any decline in commercial property prices will affect grannies, geddit?), Bill suggests a system of reviews which would borrow from insolvency processes and kick in where rents constituted more than 10-15% of turnover. An interesting contribution that deserves to be studied though I would think the folks on other side of the argument, the tenants, might have alternative proposals.
The good news is that we are all on the mend and pretty much at 100% now. . .and just in time, because we leave Sunday afternoon for DISNEY WORLD!
reported by some foreign
And what did snarky adolescent Rachel decide to do? She decided to get a hold of a little snake of her own.
For those of you wondering THIS is WAWA and WAWA iced coffee:
Don’t know a place? Well I do!
Until now there has been no political party appealing to ‘the man in the street’ standing ready to challenge this state of affairs. There have been nationalist parties which have come and gone in the past of course, some lumbered with the baggage of financial impropriety, others which were seen simply as single issue campaigning parties and a few which propounded forms of racial extremism which repelled ordinary, decent people.
Forecasting the use of temporary workers is not simple, certainly in a shaky economy working out how often temps are needed is difficult, as the market cannot be forecast accurately. Add to that temporary cover for sickness and parental leave and it is easy to understand how usage can quickly change.
“We’ll replace it all on Friday.” He pushes.
Examining the Structure
SB: Thank you. You corrected my linear thinking and hierarchical thinking, and told me many things that I didn’t realize or know—and I’m sure there are an infinite number more. One of the things you’ve said that I still have trouble understanding is that you can be a million places at once. My mind simply cannot fathom that. And a large number of jokes go out in my mind, like, “Which Michael am I speaking to?”
Misa Wishing on a Star, three coats in indirect daylight. Wishing on a Star has a black base, filled with tons of silver microglitter. I'd almost say this is glassflecked, but not just yet.. The microglitter flashes green and blue before my eyes, but I wasn't able to capture that with my camera. Since this contains a ton of microglitter, let's take a closer look, shall we?
Which is basically the tone of the book (though not the subject matter). It talks about everything so matter-of-factly, but it doesn’t lose a sense of warmth.
You have so much greatness in you. I'm sure you already know this. I know it and I haven't even met you. I bet you are on the path to changing something about yourself for the better.
Shadow Stalker started laughing, then stood, holstering her crossbow. I felt Regent stand in the other room. When the kitchen door opened, he was laughing as well – the exact same cadence as Shadow Stalker.
It would be cruel to show any of these people directly. It would be ghastly. I believe, absolutely, in that Lionel Trilling reflection that the contemplation of cruelty may only make us cruel ourselves. For this reason, I really dislike the work of people like the Chapman Brothers and other artists that think unfettered representation of suffering does some good (Goya’s Disasters of War included).
Umm. I'm missing my trail mix and Kool-aid mix in packets
So far I’ve noticed something. Theory is nothing when it comes to reality. If we think of all the different political parties in UK for example, they’re all based on ideologies, right? Then the Socialists have the nicest ones, in my opinion. This is because they believe in equality, on the fact that everyone is equal and that we all should have equal opportunities. However, in reality we can’t have that, so we go for other ideologies such as the ones supported by the Conservatives, Lib Dems or Labour.
until you remind me who is in charge
The main reason we sent Pip to preschool was for him to gain some “socialization.” As a two-year old, he was significantly more comfortable talking with adults than with kids. We hoped that by having the opportunity to independently interact on a regular basis with a group of kids his own age, he would at least get comfortable in a crowd and maybe even make some friends. In this respect, Pip’s preschool time was largely successful. He is much more outgoing now with other kids than he was a year ago. In particular, he is much more willing now to talk to new kids on the playground and engage in the kind of back and forth that is necessary for learning about new people.
Obviously the island is my go-to for an easy change up in the kitchen. This latest change has really transformed the room – it is SO bright and has more of a presence for sure.
he stroked my hair,
"Our first baby died today. We know God has a plan. We will always love you and will never forget you." - Mommy and Daddy
because you accidentally unleashed the hordes of darkness,
*TARDIS press mold from my carved luminary.
I was first introduced to the idea of a "Life Wheel" by my life coach Beth Griffith (She's wonderful!). When you become her client she has you do an assessment of your satisfaction in these areas of your life:
After the weekend, i ended up sick until now. The over-exertion with shouting, playing dance games, and being in a germy environment probably did it. I think it's a small price to pay for a damn great weekend, though!
Thursday, Nov. 25th, 1:04 p.m
See this bodice detail? That is so not me X 3. And those tiny buttons! But for some reason, I still love it. Go figure.
How incredibly condescending and wrong! It is actually a racist view in my opinion. What Lucas is essentially saying is that the Tuskegee airmen didn't accomplish anything "movie-worthy" on their own.
Okay, so maybe I’m exaggerating a bit here, but still, it deserves some thought. The moon is the closest and largest piece of unoccupied real estate in the galaxy, and it’s just sitting there, literally staring us in the face. We’ve even been there! There’s just no excuse for the human race not to find some kind of use for it. None at all.
Answer: Around the trick-or-treating time, we see many dogs that eat chocolate and other Halloween candy.
Our relationship wasn’t all bad. we were sweet to each other when we wanted to be. Mostly around gift giving time. The manditory holidays where you had to give each other something. Our first christmas together he wrote and illustrated a story book about a princess and a knight with tattooed armour. And we went on vacations together every year.
4:00 PM OR by angela chen
Not bad, right? It tasted good also! I didn't know how easy to make biscuit at home. I love having it with butter and strawberry jam when it came right out from the oven. Yum!
Prices are still ridiculously cheap compared to the boom times the first part of this century, but there are no more declines and there are far fewer distressed properties on the market. Inventory is dramatically reduced, home builders are buying up land and building again, and the commercial market in Cape Coral is seeing gains as well. All of this is leading to incremental price increases indicative of a healthy, growing market (but not booming, thankfully) that is win-win for both buyer and seller.
Careful self-analysis convinces me that the inactivity is in fact caused by the need to heal the nagging pains. Still I will keep an eye on myself. I cannot allow a loss of focus. The Plan… The Goal..
Being the proud co-owner of a Kindle Touch, I was able to listen to the Audible version of Keneally’s Schindler’s List. Ben Kingsley’s (who played Itzhak Stern in the movie) narration is smooth and easy on the ears. It’s a definite asset to the Keneally collection.
Anyway, there was something…funny, I noticed about the people yelling at their protesters. Most were around 30, if not older, and for many you could tell exactly wear they worked–a parade of starbucks uniforms, office attire, construction helmets, and janitorial jumpsuits.
I: Yeah. It’s certainly difficult.
out my feature article in the December issue of Southwest
I imagined her walking around for the rest of the day saying (insert your best old granny voice here) "you will not believe what a young man called me at the bus stop this morning.. those young people of today have no respect.."
There are also some checks which you might need to think about. These assessments actually are going to be to see what sort of particular person you’re looking for, the means you wish to enhance your love life in a manner and who you actually are wanting for. With the character checks they actually will help to find those who are going to be fitted to you, whether or not you wish to find a man who’s over six foot or a girl who is below six foot with blonde hair – it actually will be something but these personality tests are going to be so helpful to assist you find the proper or potential match for you.
Twin 1: I only got 2 shrimp.
Then there is the best track on the album, no mistake – ‘No Rockefeller.’ This one feels like it could have straight out of the Trojan back catalogue, leaning more towards the ‘Lovers Rock’ end of reggae.
The thing I love about Janet is that she doesn't mince words. She minces bones, and tendons, but not words. If your query sucks, she'll tell you that, and then she'll tell you exactly why. This is not the place for people who say they want a critique but secretly want to be told how great they are. Query Shark will eat you alive.
KUALA LUMPUR — PAS election candidates must pledge the ‘bai’ah (oath of allegiance) to the party which is higher than a loyalty pledge, said its president, Abdul Hadi Awang.
A Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose is
2-3 tbs pure maple syrup
It can be helpful first to acknowledge that it is not “unfeeling matter” but a living being that has given us life. And then we can sense its suffering: the physical suffering we see in the dying species and polluted waters, the deeper suffering of our collective disregard for its sacred nature. Would we like to be treated just as a physical object to be used and abused? Would we like our sacred nature, our soul, to be denied?
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
We got split up into groups of 5 (Myself, raypoo, yipyip, kebabs, and kindle) and I was elected group leader or some bullshit. then we got some bullshitty basket filled with bullshitty stuff. And then the parkland lady (whose name was also kebabs~) told us that we were going to some swamp and that it was “a little mucky” At this point I was slightly dubious. SLIGHTY mucky? Coming from a lady in hiking boots and camping vest, I didn’t really know what to think. But I shrugged it off, thinking “Ahh if it was some hardcore camping session then the teacher would’ve warned us right?” Apparan-freaking-tly not. Getting to the swamp alone was a trek. Since it rained last night most of the dirt paths were squishy and nasty, so I had to hop around mud puddles and teeter on the edges of squelchy black holes of pain and despair. By the time we got to the swamp I was already kinda pissed. Actually, I don’t mind mud. Heck, I’m a freaking pig wallowing in it at times. So this muddiness would not have been a problem if our teacher had warned us about it. Then I would’ve come prepared for muddy goodness. Instead, the entire cohort, myself included, were pitted against screeching bats, malicious spiders and soul-sucking mud. And I was wearing flats.
This also affects me. Mom's balance is poor, it is hard for her to get her wheelchair started and she has many other problems. As everyone knows, I am a shelter dog and it is apparent that I was bred by a very irresponsible breeder, because my hips and knees aren't great...they are good enough for my regular service work and carrying a lightly loaded backpack though. But now Mom needs more than that. I could learn the new tasks she need, but Mom will never ever do anything that could possibly hurt me. So Mom is going to apply for a mobility service dog and I will retire and go back to being Mom's pet dog with Lola. We will still keep up the blog (after all, we have a lot of adventures here at the house) and we will let the new dog add some entries too.
Our appointments now will be every two weeks up until 36 weeks, then we'll go weekly. Our next appointment is actually on my birthday! We scheduled it at the Overland Park office, so that we can get familiarized with the location (it's attached to the hospital we will deliver at).
1198 Kingsway
Mr Snookles
Brave New World
Even climbing as high as possible and using most economical long range cruise there were gonna be at least 3 legs of the original plan that would have required an hour of glider time. Jets suck as gliders. I mean they're better than a backpack with an anvil, just ask Wiley E. Coyote. But still.
The NRA’s proud history of fighting the Klan has been airbrushed out of the record by those who were complicit with the KKK, Jim Crow and racial terror, to wit: the Democrats.
How Mobile Phone Tracking Works?
Ahmed told officers he had no knowledge of the child pornography. He said he used the computer to look at photos of pigeons.
Once you've paper pierced all the holes, start with the stitching by doing a basic backstitch. This is done by going up hole 1 (starting at the backside of the paper) and knotting the thread at the back so it doesn’t pull through.
Ad nauseum.
A building is not a nation, but there are certain parallels to the diminution of national ambition, and there are undeniable parallels between the stumbling makeshift design process of One World Trade Center and the fumbling War on Terror. A great work can be done in a short time if you know what it is you want to accomplish. The blueprints for the Empire State Building were drawn up in two weeks and the structure was completed in a year. One World Trade Center has suffered from revisions and redesigns because it never had a clear purpose. Most people agreed that something had to go up, but they no longer knew why except that it was empty space and empty space has to be filled.
The chair was the rocking chair we had since our daughter was a baby.
Love Begins With Me. Join people from around the world as we acknowledge, celebrate and share the love we have within. This is a special day of recalling that love is the link that binds us all. It is also the awesome power that heals and transforms everything it contacts.
Always quick with a hug, a laugh, a smile or a kind word, he gave selflessly. His smile could brighten any day and I always looked forward to every family gathering to see him and my Aunt Kay. This past Saturday, the sunshine dimmed, the clouds drew and the earth stopped turning for a time as we held our breath and bid farewell to a favourite person in so many of our lives.
“Another universal principle of Christian Endeavor is constant service. If confession is the lungs of the movement, service is its hands and feet. . . . In the ideal society every member is responsible for some definite, particular task. . . a society whose ideal, like Wesley’s is, ‘At it, and all at it, and always at it.’”
Special features not available. (Entertainment One)
It’s even more disturbing that they succumbed to the Governor’s threats and approved what will become a death knell for public education in New York State. Yes, it will kill public education in New York!
I think Alan Gottlieb of the CCRKBA is one the mark when he says that a) there are alternatives to shutting down the whole system and b) the PA State Police need to get out of this business and leave it to the FBI with NICS.
Yummy right? Inviting? Wanna come over for dinner right about this point? If that isn't bad enough for you, try removing the burner and the drip tray. Just for fun. However, if you have a queasy tummy, I'd suggest looking away right now. Because I removed the burner and the drip tray and this is an example of what was below.
I know all too well this is not an easy task. Believe me I know. If I've not got headache, I'm stuck in bed. If I'm not stuck in bed I'm wrapped up on the sofa feeling like I have been run over by a bus. However I have found if I apply a little time for myself doing something I enjoy or find fun I often find my symptoms are less & my recovery time from said activity is a lot quicker.
It took years for Stan to catch fire in pictures. All throughout this period, he continued to play in vaudeville with Mae well into 1920s. Unlike Chaplin, who was always well focused on the next move, Laurel seemed directionless, ambitionless, helpless. He never got to the next step without being prodded by others. From 1918-25, he was in and out of silent pictures, making films at various times for Hal Roach, Broncho Billy Anderson and Vitagraph. For most of 1920 and 21 the bulk of his work was in vaudeville with Mae.
Mildred Packer was buried in the Red River town cemetery in August of 1971.
Hello to you all...
These type of shots are great as the floor is the background, so you don't have to worry about flat or contrasty skies.
Given the economic times, students seem to be becoming a lot more demanding, and the feedback forms are proving that to me.
This is a gorgeous bright yellow green, perfect for spring/summer!
Ink - SU Wild Wasabi, Memento Black, PTI Inking Cube Chai, Copics
10:09 PM – When we return from the break Jericho is still firmly in control of Sheamus. After some taunting my Jericho, Sheamus begins to regain his momentum. Both Sheamus and Jericho make tags to their respective corners. The action continues with Del Rio, Jericho, and Ricardo making several attempts to distract the referee and gain the advantage. After some fun and exciting back and forth between the two teams, Sheamus takes Randy Orton’s head off with a Brogue Kick, as Jericho was wise enough to duck, by accident. Jericho takes advantage, hitting the Code Breaker and getting the pin on the World Heavyweight Champion, Sheamus. After the match, Jericho declares that the Championship will be his, and Orton gets his with an RKO on Sheamus.
Sometimes I wonder if I ever won't be tired and cranky.
“One leading voice among the global warming advocates was Dr. Peter H. Gleick whose work in the field of hydroclimatology catapulted him into the top ranks of the scientific community. In 2003 he was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship and in 2006 he was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. In 2011 he led a new task force on “scientific ethics and integrity” for the American Geophysical Union.
Now here's an idea to chew on: if you post a technique tutorial on your blog, rather than posting a message like "For personal use only" consider adding the message:
B.J. Thomas - Circle 'round The Sun
But I've also promised myself that on these gorgeous spring days, when the sun is shining and the pollen is making everyone sneeze, when my desk is buried in student papers, when I have nothing to wear and the dogs are obnoxious and nothing sounds good for dinner and I am so, so scared that something will go wrong and we will lose everything all over again, when I feel this baby kicking, I will take a breath and whisper a thank you. Because, at least for the moment, this broken and tragic and fallen world has something amazing happening in it. I may not "enjoy" this pregnancy, but I am so grateful to have every moment of it.
How the Dallas Fed sees the world with TBTF…
Isabelle is really hard to photograph, but this time, I caught her not thinking about the person standing next to her with the camera.
Black Pudding was speeding towards the water’s edge like a bullet from a gun!
A different kind of conference?
The next morning, the coast guard found Natalie Wood floating in the water dead from drowning. The coroners report ruled the death accidental, believing Wood fell overboard being drunk herself and drowned some minutes later.
It was a very strange morning today. I left for work and wondered if my clocks were wrong. But there area a lot of clocks. They couldn’t ALL be wrong?
I fear her abandoning me again. Of turning her back on me while the wolves devour my soul. Of leaving me to my own defenses to make my way through a dark and threatening childhood. And sometimes that fear makes me angry. Spiteful. Mean. Petty.
“The market is so huge, you can put any kind of a product out there and a million people will use it. And a million people typically means your product has been a failure, because of the pure size of the market. It’s at about 850 million mobile connections right now, and it’s still growing.”
The last 36 hours and the work products which we completed and compiled to educate the government about 'consultation' for our community ("Consultation...", Temporary Restraining Order, Research Poster, Briefing on Indigenous Peoples by UT Law Working Group, and other supporting docs ) could not have come to existence without the tireless work of the following individuals: Attorneys Peter Schey and Chris Scherer; Dr. Jeff Sheperd--UT El Paso; Professor of Law, Denise Gilman, UT-Austin; Lipan Apache Band of Texas, Council Chair, Daniel Castro Romero, Jr.; Dr. Enrique Maestas; Erik K. Hrabovsky, and of course, the Benavidez elders and Dr. Eloisa Garcia Tamez.
She spoke to Phil Brunner, the owner of the building – and a set designer for the theatre – and they agreed a very low rent to enable Alverado to display her first pop-up show.
Tomorrow I will be watching "live" the Season Finale and draw the last poster for this season right after :(
Weightlifters train seriously year-round for 5-10 years before they peak and hit their top #’s. It takes years of dedication. Step by step. Inch by inch. One inch today, one inch tomorrow…They don’t just show up one day and expect to hit Olympic #’s. They do show up everyday and expect to hit their training #’s. For every # hit in training is one step closer to the next PR. Focus on technique, nail that down first. Study tape of others & of yourself. “Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying ‘I will try again tomorrow.’” Do what you can today- fight and recover properly. Then, repeat that knowing consistency is the key. It takes time. Set your goals daily and achieve those. Repeat. “The competitor to be feared the most is the one who never worries about others at all, and goes on making himself better all the time.” Rome wasn’t built in a day! But, it was built every single day for years and years. Patience, your time will come.
and for vigilance
Am I insane for taking up running?
Foolish virgins looking for a light
To make the frame, just use any two Nesties. I used Curved Rectangle Nestabilities. Lay them both over your cardstock nested, then run it through. Easy peasy! The stamp set is from our CHA relase called Ei-Ei Hello. The designer paper is from Cosmo Cricket (Bloomers and Sunshine).
I've given Centauri Twilight ** (2 Stars). The over all plot confused me at times with the change in point of views within the same paragraph and the lack of details make it seem like the book was rushed to be written. I do have the third book but after this one, I'm not real sure if I will take the time to read it. I wasn't drawn into this one as I was with the first book within the series.
2tsp Black pepper
Thus, what the 1633 decree (and Galileo’s abjuration) actually addresses is a singular doctrine/opinion which includes two points (notice that they are connected with the conjunction “and”, not “or”), viz., that the earth moves and that the sun is the immovable center of the universe. But, as Fr. Olivieri rightly states, the modern astronomer does not believe that the sun is immovable, nor does he hold it to be the center of the universe. Reading this decree strictly—that is, according to the Catholic Church’s stated canonical principles (see here)—it becomes clear that modern views do not fall under this condemnation at all. And that was exactly Fr. Olivieri’s point. Bob is wrong that the earth's motion can be isolated in the way he did. A strict interpretation of the decree forbids such selective cropping. And he is equally wrong that there was anything untoward about what Fr. Olivieri did in pointing out that, according to a strict canonical interpretation of this decree, modern views do not fall under the condemnation.
300g white lotus paste
We still have a tree up and a puzzle to put together. Do NOT buy a puzzle that has foil on the pieces. Hard to see and figure out in any type of light.
Blood of Christ, fill all my veins.
2 tbsp chopped parsely or torn basil, for garnish
Managers, in a sincere desire to give their employees positive feedback, frequently tell employees they are “doing great” or that they “did a good job.”
She put out a lot more singles and albums but none ever hit as big as “It Must Be Him”.
Students working from Bowling Green include Anna Anderson of Shelbyville; Brianne Kelley of Perry Township, Ohio; Anna Williams of Davenport, Iowa; Stacie Hewitt of Mt. Juliet, Tenn.; Jacob Kasinger of Owensboro; and Ben Severance of Wilmot Flat, N.H.
We plan to spread Dillon's ashes along with John's in Austin, Cape Cod, and Paris.
And that moment finally arrived.
New Mexico has reposted on their website most of the states they dropped and will honor them. There was a lot of pressure put on people to honor the states again. You can view what they are saying at their website at:
What do our children think when they hear us say “Never mind, I’ll do it”? Perhaps thoughts like:
Six Muslim clerics formed what was called the Committee for the Defence of Legitimate Rights (CDLR). Again, it demanded complete sharia law in Saudi Arabia. However, with relevance to the theme of this essay, taqiyya, these Islamist clerics within Saudi Arabia used the language of human rights. Or, rather, it did this; but only when talking to the Western press. When talking to its supporters and members, and indeed all Saudi Arabian Muslims, human rights were of no concern - but sharia ‘rights’, if that’s the right word, were of great concern.
By 2013: ‘critical period?’
With a bit of luck (tomorrow or Wednesday) I shall be able to show you the dog beds I have also made from vintage ticking and grain sacks.
"it's not as if they'll ask really difficult questions like
Kin 200 Kin = day
I try not to unleash my inner pedant too often. Pedantry can be annoying, and correcting people is considered impolite. So I try not to do it.
Good morning! Workout #67 over @ ScrapFIT is a pretty popular one: Decorate With a Doily! Doilies have been popular for quite some time now so this should definitely be a challenge that most everyone can participate in!
Abu Jahl also tried to kill the Messenger (pbuh) while the latter was in prostration praying in the AlMasjidalHaram, he carried a huge stone to throw it on the Prophet's (pbuh) head. But when he (Abu Jahl) tried to throw it he turned on his heels full of fear and fright saying:"I am being prevented (going near) from Muhammad by a huge stallion camel intending to swallow me."
The simple operation pioneered by Ruit, a Nepali national, at the Tilganga Eye Centre in Kathmandu has benefited tens of thousands of people in Nepal and other countries in Asia and Africa, where surgical teams from the centre provide much needed care in field camps.
I have no regrets about my relationship with my Gramps.
Now the reader will feel that the writer is talking to them.
grilled cheese sandwich
The score, created by Hans Zimmer is outstanding, although the excessive blaring of the horns every now and then tends to become a distraction. Not only is the score perfected to a thousand degrees, it also captures the thrill of Cobb’s operations. The chase scene in Mombasa, added with the soundtrack creates a fast-paced, action and thrill that creates a faster heartbeat within us.
Was the wind piping the pipe of death under the black clouds?
BTW - GAP has no clue who I am, unless you ask someone in their online returns department, in which case I am the one that has returned approximately 500 pairs of jeans because they were too short or didn't otherwise fit. Thank you.
The Blogger who receives this award will need to perform the following steps:
Under doctor’s orders, I have been asked to put my health first and cut back on some of my professional commitments in order to allow my body to get the rest that it needs to keep up with the demands of my multi-tasking schedule.
While fighting the fire, fireman David Hunter discovers the young girl’s body and a mysterious glass ball. When he goes to speak to the homicide detectives he comes face-to-face with Detective Olivia Sutherland, who he spent the night with two years previously. Drawn into the investigation personally and also professionally, David and Olivia search for the killer of the girl and also of the security guard who was shot at point blank range on the site.
Here is the set now in my back yard
Tuesday – Homemade pepperoni pizza
Turns out pasty white is the new sexy! :)
The problem is, while some small presses reveal their iffiness on initial research, or demand a wait-and-see approach because they're untried start-ups, there's no way to predict the implosion of an apparently established, active publisher like Aspen Mountain Press. No matter how careful you are, some risk is inevitable. Fortunately, there are ways to protect yourself--some of which are suggested in my blog post, Precautions for Small Press Authors, and also in the brand-new Small Press page at Writer Beware.
Rue's death. Oh my goodness. It's a VERY emotional part of the book, and the film paid that scene every respect it deserved. I got slightly teary eyed when I read the book...I bawled during the movie. Less Rue's death itself, but when Katniss puts three fingers to her lips and then raises her fingers to salute the cameras...and the reaction of District 11 (Rue's home district). WOW! Yeah, I'm glad I had plenty of napkins leftover from my concessions.
Mr. Digby, carrying an empty suit case, arrived in Patmore Street on the stroke of eight.
Strange !
The first thing I love about this book is the prologue. The first page only has a single sentence on it - "You've been here before" - and then reads as if an old-timer resident is telling a new-comer a bit about the town and its people, and the new store that's opening up on Main Street. The reader is introduced to the backgrounds of some residents and their rivalries and lets them know that things are about to get bad in this town, that "a storm is on the way" - which proves to be true both figuratively and literally. The epilogue reads the same way and begins with the same phrase. Gaunt has been defeated and run out of Castle Rock, but according to this, he's starting up new business in Junction City, Iowa (and mentions Sam Peebles - the main character from the horrifying novella "The Library Policeman").
Why can black Africans run, jump and throw better than honkies, but why, out of a billion of them, have they never invented a single thing of any worth? Why have they, collectively, contributed absolutely nothing to the advancement of humanity.
Winner, Lumiere Award 2001 – Best Film
the primary emotions that trigger overeating: fear, sadness, anger, and joy. One of the keys to stop emotional eating is to substitute it with another behavior; if you try a willpower approach, you may stumble and go right back to where you started or switch to another unhealthy coping mechanism. To employ an alternative to emotional eating, you need to catch the emotion before it
These are all wonderful challenges so be sure to stop by and play along!
When we came back from our Michigan trip in July, one of the chickens had gotten lighter, but I couldn't tell if it was Penny or Squawk. They both seemed speckled now. We were getting less eggs, and I began to suspect that the chickens were eating their own eggs. (Chickens need lots of calcium to make their eggshells, and feeding them eggshells is a good way to make sure they get it - except that some people fear this will encourage them to eat their eggs. I had been feeding them their own eggshells.) Well, last week I got confirmation when I saw a wet eggshell in their run. So I knew they were eating the eggs, and I couldn't figure out what to do about it. I figured I'd have to do some research when I had a little extra time. I stopped getting any eggs at all, and every day with no eggs, I wondered if there would be any solution...
visited History sites related to Vikings
So how do you remove Ravan? By going to temple and Pray to the idol of Ram, offer him flowers, fruits and some money. Make prasad and distribute it to people who are dieting?
453. BLT, Tortilla Chips, & a Hootie Hoo from Kimberton Whole Foods @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 11:06 a.m.
Nikon Coolpix Digital Cameras
It was Thursday. Jack wanted to talk of work. I pushed the topic of dd and he pushed back. He keeps telling me he just doesn't understand but I'm not sure I believe that. I asked him
*The Literary Agency Group, which includes the following:
we flyers above sea, land, air
It’s been a tough week. Numerous doctor’s visits later, I am still sick. But I am finally feeling like I’m getting better now. I feel less like vomiting and passing out and more energetic. I haven’t been to work all week and fear losing my job. But I could not drive, let alone focus on work.
I went to dinner with my grandma and other family members tonight and I asked her how her and my grandfather met. She instantly perked up and said, "We were in the same square dancing class at the Jewish Community Center on Holbrook and Woodward."
For people who say that this is the worst Hammer Dracula film ever made they must have stopped at this 1970 feature and never checked out Dracula A.D. 1972 and then The Satanic Rites of Dracula, the last of the Hammer Dracula features. This is the last of the Hammer series to feature the Count in a Gothic setting however. In this one the Count is back in Transylvania and the continuity the series had followed fairly well over the last three films (Dracula: Prince of Darkness, Dracula Has Risen from the Grave and Taste the Blood of Dracula) is jarred by the fact that at the end of Taste the Count is left a pile of powdery, desiccated blood in London. Scars does have the Count start off as powdery blood but there are some a couple gaps here we will look at later. The film was shot on a budget and shot quickly. It was released, sometimes on a double bill with Horror of Frankenstein, only a few months after Taste the Blood of Dracula. It was director Roy Ward Baker’s first stab at a Gothic film and the absence of such maestros of the style like Terence Fisher or Freddie Francis is sorely felt. But to be honest Ward does the best he can with a script that offers very little in the way of something new to add to the series and a small budget and tight schedule. He just does not have the flair that Terence Fisher had but those are pretty big shoes to try and fill in the first place.
As was the racist murder of Richard Mannington-Bowes (aged 68) – murdered by Darrel Desuze – the colonisation of England continues, the genocide of the white British people continues, the murder of white british people continues – but those who ask if race is an issue……………….. ‘SHUT THEM UP’
- Cyber attacks occur at the speed of light, are global, can come from anywhere, and can penetrate our traditional defenses.
Comprehensive reporting
we forget
It’s that time again, my newest short story, ‘No Possible Future?’ is available free on Kindle for one day only so pop over and grab your copy today. Here’s the blurb:
Speech is way more than just sounds. It encompasses the whole cognitive piece as well. As the ST administered the language test, I realized how much more I need to add to our never ending "what we need to work on" list. The big areas we need to work on are pronouns, such as he, she, his, her, they, and categories. If you ask Kristen "what are a giraffe, pig, and a dog" she cannot come up with the answer "animal." If you show her pictures of a dog, pig, cat, and an apple and ask her "which one does not belong?" she will not consistently pick out the right picture. This all has to do with categories. The other area is starting to work on the "w" and "h" questions, like why, what, where, when, who, and how. I am trying to do these more when we read books together. She made me smile tonight because I will ask a "why" question in regards to the page we just read together. Now, she looks at me, smiles, and says "because." I have been helping her answer the why questions with that and someday she will definitely expand on that because. I know it.
As a student positioned within this world, rather than observing from the outside, I have to add my own perspectives. A large part of the college experience is what somebody makes of it, whether this is socially or academically. Focusing specifically on the academic realm, there are many paths an individual can choose to follow. The freedom to create a personalized course load allows students to tailor a semester’s academic rigor to the degree they so choose. It is often a personal and conscience choice to take specific classes with the course load as some factor in the decision.
The book’s recipes evoke homey and comforting memories of foods that perhaps we’ve never even eaten, but wish we had, all infused with Corbin’s pragmatic take on making the most of one can — there’s even a Compost Heap Jelly recipe, using up apple scraps and citrus skins. Oh, hush; it’s little more than a strained marmalade. Like many River Cottage recipes, however, it does make one pause to think about untapped potential for eating well.
links require copy and paste to browser
Unknowingly Kunti had made the Kurukshetra war even more certain. Draupadi’s act of biting her lip had made Kunti tear a part of her clothes. This would be repeated for Draupadi when Duhshaasan would try and disrobe her in front of the entire Kuru courtroom. Bheem would then vow to avenge her humiliation with the blood of Duhshaasan’s chest, thus filling her empty cup with blood.
Nutrition Facts
However, I find it amusing how I already have gotten used to the pattern of Sparks’ books now. Among his several books I’ve read before, this was the first time I’ve actually realized that I now recognize his writing style. This realization though has not lowered my regards to Sparks but instead, it made me marvel his works even more.
Hi Everyone! Today was a good day. Successful jean shopping, good phone conversations, happy emails, Paper Smooches release day, relaxing evening AND a completed Remix layout. Perfect. Just need to shoot some pictures of my latest layout and it will be ready to share soon! Yeah!
“What’s up with the last guy?” I asked.
When: Saturday March 31, 2012
If you’re wondering about the title, it’s a mixture of fluffy + ferns + leaves. Or it can just be fleas + learn. Really really lazy to come up with a title for deviantART submission these days.
Anyway, the "Really Big Show" appearance on Rome's show on Thursday prompted Dennis Manoloff of the Cleveland Plain Dealer to write about it in an article called "Rizzo, Goldhammer continue to impress":
Hi:) My name is Gus and I am a Fitness Coach who likes to run marathons & compete in triathlons for fun. Actually, one of my first 2012 goal is to participate in a triathlon. My passion is to motivate my friends to exercise more so that they can live life to the fullest. The purpose of this blog is five-fold:- 1) I find writing very therapeutic & beats paying for a psychiatrist to keep sane 2) I like to share & inspire others into engaging in any healthy pursuits 3) This is a great way to keep track of my progress in all my sporting endeavours 4) This also keeps me honest & spurs me on to do more 5) Even if you are a couch potatoe, I hope you will find my entries entertaining or informative.
Some of the more mature trees will develop very intricate trunk bases with very lengthy root formations. The one I was hoping to photograph for today's theme is presently covered in yard cuttings (I wasn't going to risk getting a centipede sting clearing it away) but I'll try to post a photo of it in the future. It's a fig tree, one of the oldest and tallest trees in our yard and one of its roots extends to a length of approximately ... wait for it ... 42 feet.
Writer: Miftah Saleh
And it tries to be viscious
I was re-reading my favourite text the other day – Christopher Alexander’s Pattern Language – and I was stunned, but not surprised, to learn that not only do we humans have a gradient of Trust governed by math but that there are limits in the physical space as well beyond which, we fall out of community. Naturally these limits are hardly known, least of all by architects and maybe hardly at all by any of us who wish to design a physical space that promotes a healthy human community.
So it goes….
March 4 2011 - The Independent Complaints Directorate has opened an investigation into the violence-driven police raid against the hapless patrons of the 24-hour Catz Pyjamas Bistro in Melville in late February. Various cops were suspended pending the investigation after 'shocked senior police officers' had viewed a video-recording of the attack. All victims and witnesses were asked to contact investigating officer Chris De Jager on 011220 1500 or 082 325 6463.
I really like liquid soap next to the basin in the kitchen, because it's so easy to just squeeze out some from a pump dispenser when you want to wash hands, and it stays clean and contained...however, the daunting prospect of making liquid soap in the traditional way with cooking in a crockpot, and watching it, and having to use KOH lye etc led me to trying to make the liquid soap using just my cold processed natural soap that had been "curing" for around 3 months.
The sketch looks like this....(a little larger here so you can see it properly)
3 simply
I work to pay the bills and then I work again.
Their driftin' tunes, seemed to fill the air
It wasn’t long before I found myself in yet another Shitty band called ” CrackHouse “. The name got around but no music ever saw the light of day. All we would do is trip all day long and make noise.
Horse-drawn scrapers moved down Elk Creek by the score, and men in various work crews by the hundreds, as the grade for the railroad took shape. Concrete was poured into wooden forms for piers for bridges and trestles. They still may be seen, here and there, almost hidden by
08. Systematic (Demo mix)
To say that I'm exhausted would be an understatement, however the smile that is still on my face from the Show means it was all very well worth it. Thank you so much to Angela, Ross, Graham and the team for putting on such an extraordinary event! Here's to many more.
The other day I sent out a mass email, telling family and friends about my upcoming exhibition. My finger shook as I pressed the send button. Am I really doing this? I couldn’t believe it. And as the messages of support come streaming in, all I can think is, damn, I’m really doing this.
VICENTE FERNANDEZ
Okay, let's see now. I'm a Scorpio, born in November. How do I stack up against the traits of November people?
Thin consistency is used for writing, making vines, leaves and frosting the cake. To make thin consistency frosting, add two teaspoons of water for each cup of stiff frosting, or two tablespoons for the full recipe.
After enjoying Grandma's Cucumbers n' Onions on their own for a couple of days, I found a panini recipe that used marinated cucumbers in the sandwich. Perfect!
