There are many sporting activities that can satisfy the appetite of adventure enthusiasts, and windsurfing is one of them. This extreme sport has all the thrilling elements and involves substantial amount of risks to life.
In respect to the subject of names I have recently been struck by the supreme need to clarify “who” the God that I serve is. To call Him by His name and use the “names” that His people have used for millenia. This is important. By using these names and understanding their definitions I am learning “Who” God is and what His unique attributes are – and it excites me. Below are the names of God from the Old Testament. Each name has significance. If you are a believer in the Lord Jesus Christ and His finished work on the cross – these are the varied Old Testament names of the God you worship. May they enlighten you in your own worship of El-Elyon.
Please copy and paste this link into your browser to learn more about LitWorld and the upcoming World Read Aloud Day.
Would that not provoke the Jews to jealousy? Indeed it did as we read in Romans 11:11. “Through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.” You can then understand why they were so angry with the apostle Paul.
happenstance
After an initial burst of attention from the press and U.S. officials, Mr. Bauer and Mr. Fattal have been forgotten about. No sense of urgency to aid them in being released from their unlawful detention. You know, out of sight, out of mind. Compare this to the attention when our embassy personnel were held captive. Day and night the drum beat continued and the hostages were never out of our minds. Of course, seizing a U.S. embassy is on a much grander scale then seizing three lone hikers; but these kids are American citizens and deserving of our attention. The attention need not be on the scale of the 1979 hostage crisis but their captivity should be addressed on a routine basis. Hopefully, if we keep the pressure up on not only our government but Iran too, these kids will be freed.
the slippery path
Who could deny smelling the sweet, sweet aroma of a sensational story?
In declaring a Failure Day, I'm trying to give myself the grace to acknowledge the failures and move on. I was beginning to get out of this funk I've been in for the past, oh, 5 months. I can't let one day reverse the tide.
Moneyball makes its official debut in theaters nationwide on 9.23, but Cleveland viewers can preview the movie on Wednesday, 9.21 at Westlake Regal Cinema at Crocker Park thanks to GoFobo.com. Seen the movie? Read the book? Let us know what you thought in the comments below!
Pitta types are dominated by the fire element, which makes them innately strong, intense, and irritable. They tend to have a medium build and endurance with powerful musculature. They often have freckled skin that easily reddens in the sun, during exercise, massage, and when blushing. They are strong willed and good at doing what they think is right. They approach work and play with the same intensity and competitiveness. They are natural leaders and quick learners whose ability to easily comprehend and master new skills and concepts can make them judgmental or impatient toward people they feel are slower or less focused than themselves. They have strong digestion and intense appetites, both for food and challenges. If they miss a meal they are likely to become grumpy and may take a “bite” out of somebody instead. It is common for them to suffer from health conditions such as inflammation, rashes, acne, and loose stool. For balance, pittas need to manage their “fiery” tendencies, channeling them in productive ways and learning to recognize their destructive power.
At least I did tonight.
go into debt for that which does not feed their spirit, bring them joy
But before we do, please scroll down to see if you are the winner of last weeks challenge, if you are, please leave a message on the post before emailing, I'm having a few problems with emails going to spam lately and I wouldn't want you to miss out on your prize, so if you leave a comment I will know to expect an email from you, and can let you know if I don't receive one.
The four have been sent to a women’s protection centre in Kuala Lumpur and will stay there for 14 days to facilitate investigations. Meanwhile, the man, who wished to be known only as Lim, denied mistreating the four.
As many of you know, I have been working on a number of art collaborations over the past few years. Several of them have come to a close in 2010. One of these projects was with Vivian Bonder and Stephanie McAtee. Called Self Contained, this was an out-of-the-box collaboration that focused on feelings that we tend to hide from others and that we could no longer contain. I am happy to say that not only is our project in the January/February 2011 issue of Cloth Paper Scissors but it is featured on the cover.
The reality of our nation’s fiscal crisis demands that every area of the federal budget must contribute its fair share to tackling our unsustainable debt. However, we can – and must -- achieve these debt reductions without sacrificing American leadership in the world. Therefore, we urge you to oppose deep and disproportionate cuts to America’s development and diplomacy programs and to support a strong FY13 International Affairs Budget.
I am happy to say though that as I sat down to write this review, the boys saw the book sitting out and asked if we could try them tomorrow for our Friday Math activity. So I guess the challenge has been met head on.
The progress of the English Democrats continues!
Right now I have some money but I cant pay him, or I can't feed my child. So we make a deal. I will sue my boss, and my friend will be my lawyer, for free during the legal process, and if my boss pays me, 40% of what I earn will be for my friend. He's very good doing his work, so I could get some big money from my boss, or even my job back. If I get it, what I earn the first month will be for my friend. I should thank him for being there always.
I knew what he was about to do right there in the middle of the school yard where everyone could see.
And thus, if ye will not nourish the word, looking forward with an eye of faith to the fruit thereof, ye can never pluck of the fruit of the tree of life. (Alma 32:40)
VI: I am really addicted to ‘Ame-talk (rain talk)’ show !
Furthermore I make use of two types of Doohickeys from Magnolia and one from Marianne Design. Also a edger punch from Martha Stewart.
After covering everything on side one with thin layers of white wool roving...
Kade: I think it's because I'm a kid.
As Olivia turned and faced the wall, she could feel the officer’s fingers probing her ears, bending each one back slowly. She then lifted up Olivia’s long black hair and ran her fingers slowly through it in a deliberate methodical kind of way.
Here’s the original post, which is good stuff:
I’m sitting on an airplane to NYC to begin my Sabbatical, which will include much thinking and writing about the nature of a healthy church culture.
These diets also restrict or eliminate intake of fat, meat, dairy products, sugar, hydrogenated oils, processed foods, and foods with additives and artificial ingredients. Caffeine and alcohol are generally prohibited, and overeating is strongly discouraged.
So we are left with a very uncomfortable fact:
My Racing Thoughts
But now as an adult (and I only admit that on rare occasions) I have a deeper appreciation for the humor behind the fabOoolous performances of the great comedic actors (Rodney Dangerfield, Bill Murray, Chevy Chase, Ted Knight, and Michael O’Keefe just to name a few) and the fabOoolous writing of Harold Ramis, Brian Doyle-Murray, and Douglas Kenney.
Don't swallow this farce, reject the 'Inclusive' brainwashing and refuse to sit through a patronising 'Diversity workshop'.
Every year sacrifice was offered on the Day of Atonement. It was a reminder of sin for the people (Hebrews 10:3), because it was impossible that sin could be removed by the blood of an animal (Hebrews 10:4). Each year when the priest would make the sacrifice (which served to show the need for something permanent) he would say “It is finished” in the imperfect tense. The priest would leave the Tabernacle, and, as Mary Baxter writes,
As many of you know, The Boy is a freshman at a Virginia collage and very active in politics - Right Wing Politics. He's a student government senator (the Freshman Senator from New Jersey as he likes his family to address him), a school ambassador and he has a one-day-per-week internship with the local County Board of Administration (sans pay of course). So with all of the political contacts and inroads he's making, he actually had the opportunity (a select few student government members received tickets) to go to hear the president give a speech a few weeks ago. The Boy bailed at the last minute because of a test that he couldn't get out of. I don't think he tried all that hard to reschedule the test because he's no fan of the president. But how often does one get a chance to meet the president? Knowing The Boy, there'll be a lot of them.
Only one critique I can make is that by dating written literature you are not considering how knowledge was passed down from teacher to the student in verbal form before it got written and codified. Simply by dating the written literature we cannot say that the concepts in that literature are not ancient and Vedic.
The lens came apart and I found a piece of it on the floor. Darn.
that rises from within and shines
ABV=3.537%
Baked corn
In case there is a stylish Louis Vuitton tote is pricey outdated he or think you need a female to maintain additional back to their shoulders as a result walking all the time.
My family actually does, for some reason, joke that I'm supposed to be a princess. In Disney World I saw the perfect Tiara for me and everything but I didn't have the money on me at the time, and when we came back to buy it, it had already been sold. *hmmph*
but I so stubbornly wouldn’t even let them pick me back up.
These trees, also of the frailejon variety, grew quite tall on one side of the hill and short on the other side due to the direction of the winds around the mountains stunting their growth.
2 – I can’t wear anything other than denim, t-shirts and canvas shoes. Guess that’s what happens when a part of you fails to grow out of the tomboyish phase.
It hit the ground and there were SO MANY EXPLOSIONS. Everyone realized I was right, and even I was surprised at how many explosions there were, thinking we probably should have stayed underneath the house, and not on the back patio (which had another floor of the house over it, protecting us MOSTLY). Most of us had to cover our face with both arms, and I stepped in front of Carolyn to protect her from explodiness. It was around the last explosion that a hot spark hit the back of my head. I wasn’t burned, but it was really annoying. I wasn’t sure if it was imaginary or not at the time, since there was no damage. It was really just more “I told you so!” fuel for me.
Also, remember that we’ll be celebrating the release of birdsong #13 unto the world this Saturday evening. All the details are here.
Auto racing may not be the north dakota wine restaurant between coverage and cost-then do some shopping on your North Dakota Heritage Center also offers high stakes slots starting at $10 a turn. Blackjack tables are also required before licensing is bestowed on aspiring massage therapist. You can really enjoy the north dakota wine restaurant at the north dakota wine restaurant and then click on your toes for days!
A year ago I toured a publishing house in Australia. As I walked through the production shed, I saw how books were designed, printed, collated, and how covers were glued to the spine. In one corner of the room, I spotted a large bin filled with damaged covers. I pointed across the room and asked my guide, “What’s that over there?”
With company you quicken your ascent.
Every female who is born into this life, no matter her station,
Renee's classy birthday wishes
Recorded by Johnny Cash on 3/5/76
I went to another small soiree with JP and Kyoko last night. It was at their friend’s apartment in the 20eme, which is filled with Lebanese cafes (yum, the smell of sweet tobacco).
PRETORIA 00001712 002 OF 002
15. Destroy Me
We went to the cemetery the other day after lunch. So far, we've picked out the stone but not what we want on it. So, at present, the only thing there, besides fresh-ish dirt, is a small plaque that lists his name and birth year and death year. I'm not sure I can bring myself to go back, but I feel like I need to. I just don't know what to do. I guess I just won't worry about it at present. I just can't.
Contest ends at 5:45 PM, April 20th, 2011.
Lots of people got drunk.
do u regret of something?
After listening to some great local music (including two very talented harmonica players), we headed back to Lulabelle's for a good night sleep. We had seen (and heard) our mystery guest earlier that day but figured he would be long retired and in bed by the time we ourselves hit the sack.
But after they move in strange things occur. There is a horrible stench coming from Susan's new art studio. Their landlady becomes increasingly odd. Alex is too busy at work to notice, but Susan is convinced there is something sinister about the apartment. Then Susan finds a bite on her arm which she insists is from a bedbug, although neither Alex nor Emma have bites, and there is no evidence of the bugs. Susan desperately tries to prove the existence of bedbugs in their apartment, to no avail. Do they have bedbugs or is Susan going crazy?
THE RIGHT TO A DECENT JOB FOR ALL, WITH A LIVING WAGE OF AT LEAST £8 AN HOUR
Conspiring with him how to load and bless
The effects of the extreme rain event were worsened by severe gales and wind gusts of 100 – 120km/h (65- 75mp) in the coastal areas and hurricane strength wind gusts of up to 153 km/h (95mph) in the mountainous regions.
My favourite wrestler was a guy called Sammy Lee. On the posters they used to make out he was related to Bruce Lee, all lies or course, but it put a few extra bums on seats. Many years later I would learn that Sammy Lee (real name Satoru Sayama) became a true legend of Japanese wrestling, when he took on the alter-ego of the legendary NJPW (New Japan Pro Wrestling) wrestler 'Tiger Mask'. Tiger Mask was such a huge hit in Japan, that after Sayama left, a whole series of replacements took on the role, and to my knowledge, there is still a Tiger Mask in action today! Sayama was also a hit in the American WWF in the 1980s. He was years ahead of his time in the 1970's and his speed, agility and high risk all action moves were very much at odds with the lumbering beer bellies, and old boys. Unfortunately Lee was often paired up as a tag team partner with Big Daddy, but his solo matches were dynamite.
When I thought I was done blogging, I deleted all my old posts. I'm regretting that now. One of the pages I got a lot of hits on was my Mossberg 590A1 and different bayonets. I thought I would go ahead and put that info back up in case folks wanted to see the pictures...
“Good Morning” I said loudly, giggling at the booming sound of my voice that echoed against the quiet rolling of the waves and slight chatting sounds of the seagulls.
in extending our perception of grids
2. Post the Bedazzle Me Monday button somewhere on your blog. It doesnt have to be in the actual post. Just anywhere on your blog is perfect.
I hope, this makes any sense...LOL So, just take out your candle stamps because that´s what they are asking for: a stamp showing a candle in any way.
One day Rich mentioned that he thought we should get married. I choked. I called him an asshole and stormed out the door. My view of marriage was only what I was exposed to through my parents marriage. And that was a disaster! Marriage to me meant screaming, yelling, name calling and unhappiness. Why would I want to do that to myself and Rich by getting married. So after calming down a day or so, we sat down to talk seriously about this. I couldn't envision my life without this man somehow. He was so awesome with my son and loved the thought of having another child to raise. Rich assured me that he would never hurt me intentionally. He would never raise a hand to me. He would always be good to me and he would love me with all he was. I told him I wanted that but I was scared that I would fail at giving him the same thing. I remember he poked a finger in my chest and said "you are so full of love and there's a whole lot more in there that has to be let out". I told him I'd think about it. I never looked back. We were married shortly after that.
Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
Not very long ago there were some “Emergent” or “Purpose Driven” types who posted something somewhere and it was being passed around like it was “wisdom from God” quoting John 5:39 then pointing to those of us who hold to expository preaching as being necessary and that the Gospel is to be proclaimed because it is a message of Good News from God himself, not something we can be or do, et cetera; saying that Jesus himself taught that what we are holding to was hypocritical. We need to give that Bible stuff up and just all become Jesus followers instead, like them…
Ring: Finesmith – Lost Hearts
Sylvia's (our friends, the Woodmans, live a state away. Annalise and Gabriella, also 7, are very good friends learning to balance differing preferences and temperaments).
Mr. de Guindos added that the government is planning a rise in indirect taxes next year that will allow the government to raise an additional €8 billion ($10.6 billion).
397 tweets
It's a bit of both. I have a general idea of what the story will be, but as I write new ideas come to me that might be better or more interesting than I had originally come up with. Also, my plans tend to be “Character A goes to...”, but I won't know how that happens until I start writing.
The picture was taken in front of Mels Diner at Universal Studios 2011.
7%: Fraction of prostitutes targeted by a recent FBI underage prostitution “sting” who actually turned out to be under 18 (no figures are available on what fraction were below the local age of consent).
My consigliere posted the following quote from Bergman on Facebook (originally posted on the Firesign website), and I certainly can't improve on it... could any of us improve on Peter Bergman?:Take heart, dear friends. We are passing through the darkening of the light. We're gonna make it and we're going to make it together. Don't get ground down by cynicism. Don't let depression darken the glass through which you look. This is a garden we live in. A garden seeded with unconditional love. And the tears of the oppressed, and the tears of the frustrated, and the tears of the good will spring those seeds. The flag has been waived. It says occupy. Occupy Wall Street. Occupy the banks. Occupy the nursing homes. Occupy Congress. Occupy the big law offices. Occupy the lobbyists. Occupy...yourself. Because that's where it all comes together. I pledge to you, from this moment on, whatever it means, I'm going to occupy myself.
The Revelation 2 (video) – Producer
In any case, even if the specimens could be considered displays closely associated with the goods, they did not show the mark SONEX used to identify internal combustion engines.
Please suggest answers in comments.
A big thank you to everyone who came along and who helped with the publicity. And while selling copies is good,nothing beats a buyer saying 'I loved your last book and have been looking forward to this one.'
NEN, National Entrepreneurship Network, has selected IWSB as their academic incubation campus for designing new programs. IWSB and NEN are working closesly on this front for the coming academic year.
So this evening, after being in a funk a good part of the afternoon, my hubby convinced me that a walk would do me good. I decided to take his advice, and I’m glad I did. The air was crisp and clean and the breeze was just what I needed. Everything was refreshed from the trees to the roads to the cars. Mine is looking rather nice too!
It’s impacting my ability to take part in activities
I wish he had a Potion of Wyvern deathness, considering my last attempt, but alas.
How to Slow Down Aging Skin
The economy now is a fiction. The first five-year stretch of transition from August 1987 to August 1992 was the beginning of the destruction of the material world. We have progressed ten years deeper into the transition phase by now, and many of the so-called sources of financial stability are in fact hollow. The banks are weak. This is a delicate moment for them. They could crash globally if we don’t pay attention. If the banks crash …. then we will be forced to rely on the land and our skills. The monetary systems will be in chaos, and we must then rely on our direct relationship with the Earth for our food and shelter.
COINCIDENCES: (Bee Movie, Joe’s Apartment) Within a week, watched 2 movies that had insects talking to humans, where a human saved an insect’s life, creating a interspecies diplomatic breakthrough, where later there was a flower parading.
This is just too odd, random, unusual, and freakish not to share.
Of Fire’s glow; the fighter’s show is brilliant but short
He nodded. "Yeah, Siri, she's a sassy one. Let me see the phone."
In award-winner Linda Rodriguez, mystery fans will find a unique voice and a gifted storyteller.Visit Linda Rodriguez's blog.
-antacid medicines containing calcium or aluminum
Grade one to persons trapped. Its 4am my energy sapped.
I'm finally getting some time to post photos from the trip back east we took earlier this month. The day before coming home, we visited Older Son (aka BillyBlog), Melanie and granddaughters Jolee and Shayne in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn. I may even post some pictures of them later. But today, I only offer up 2 views of the Verrazano Narrows Bridge. (I think that's the correct name. . .or was at one time.)
So if you bake often and often for your manly male loved ones, that alone is reason aplenty to keep it fuss-free.
I love Keller’s next point. He says, “The roots of the discontent of the human heart go deep.” Have you ever considered how many celebrities and public figures appear to have the world in their hands and yet they spend their whole lives in and out of rehab and live as the most empty souls.
Some mornings, waking up in this new place, I don’t know where I am. The apartment is tiny. The kitchen is not even a whole room away from the living room, just a few steps and a wide doorway with no door separating it. Not even one fireplace. Daddy sits by the window staring out, hardly ever saying anything. Maybe he thinks if he looks long and hard enough, Denver will reappear, that the cluttered corner store filled with canned stuff, racks and racks of junk food, beer and cigarettes will morph into the hundred-year-old cedar tree at the end of our old street. Maybe he thinks the tall gray buildings all smashed against each other will separate and squat down, that the Rocky Mountains will rise up behind them. I want to say Daddy, it’s never gonna happen. But I’m afraid he’ll break into a million pieces if I do. Become the skin-dust floating around the room. I want to say Daddy, you did the right thing.
Tourism :
* If you're going to get busted for adultery, chewing gum on your pubes has got to be one of the more bone-headed ways to be caught. If I'm the wife I'm equally offended for having a spouse that stupid.
DANGERS AHEAD Zhu is pessimistic about the US economic outlook, given weak consumer demand and believes Europe’s debt-ridden economy will only get worse in the coming months. He also highlighted three major dangers in the Chinese economy: a downturn in …
The quilt joins pieces of fabric, but it also joins lives and tells so many stories. The quilt has been created by many, many hands with much love and care. I believe that the quilt makes an indelible impression on those who see and touch it.
So, if you don't want to go spend $3-5 dollars on an impersonal card at the store, try Costco! Oh, and I am getting no money or endorsement for promoting them. I just like Costco. : )
A reminder from Ms. Rawson, Principal of Ballet San Jose School:
Man, they don't make music like this for the younguns anymore, this side sounds like a low rent Herb Alpert, especially the second song. Stick around for that, you'll be glad you did, and if you want to hear more and/or see the picture sleeve, check THIS out.
Copywork, dictation, oral and written narrations, nature study, short lessons, and a history timeline are all things we're keeping. We'll also be using lots of workbooks on various subjects since W likes them. Trips to the library will be more frequent and of course lots of field trips and classes all around NYC. We'll do more projects and hands-on stuff. We will now cover a topic as in-depth as we like without feeling we must move on to stay on track with the curriculum.
Sri means Lakshmi or wealth and ‘nagar’ a city. The summer capital ofJ&KState,Srinagarcity has a vital role in the history ofKashmir. For this reason, Persian chronicles call it Shehr-e-Kashmir or ‘City ofKashmir’.
It killed me that Madison put on her birthday crown from school.
40+ woman, you are no longer just plain hot, you are henceforward 'hot
Slice this new stack crosswise, through all five layers, into 6 equal rectangles (each should be 4″ by 2″.) Carefully transfer these strips of dough into the loaf pan, cut edges up, side by side. Gently place a few blueberries between each layer of dough. It might be a little roomy, but the bread will rise and expand after baking.
After the session was over Justin called and was talking about how he loved all the talks and what did I do....I cried! I was so sad and upset that it didn't work and that I missed a whole session because I was not in the right frame of mind to just kneel down with my children and pray.
Just finished The Poisonwood Bible by Barbara Kingsolver (amazing beautiful prose) and now King Leopold’s Ghost. History of the Colonial Rule in the Congo. NY times Sunday paper. Best, simply the best.
I don’t remember the day Freddie left,
For part one, let's start with the American made ale—and thanks to Sierra Nevada adding cans to their packaging capabilities, the choice was easy—Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. As a side note, I do have to say I think it's notable that SN has gotten into the can biz. They are by far the largest craft brewery to do so as of yet, so all of those naysayers who have written off the can to this point, watch-out, because the canned die has been cast.
Hey ya'll! I was FEATURED on BADD - Blog Addicts Daily Digest. A huge thanks to the BADD Girls, Lauren and Sara.
You know what else is cool? I have a very unorganized next-door neighbor. She frequently borrows things from me. Last week, she made her daughter a hamburger for school lunch two days in a row, but she didn't have any ketchup. She borrowed maybe a 1/4 cup of ketchup from me over those two days. And it wasn't good ketchup either, it was just Hunt's. What I got back from her? Was a huge 40 oz bottle of Heinz ketchup. This wasn't the only incident either. When she borrowed a banana, I got back an entire bunch of organic bananas. A couple of days after she borrowed two eggs? She gave me back two eggs. But they were Eggland's Best, not the store brand that I loaned her. See how stockpiling can be profitable? Hey Erin, need to borrow anything today? I just got back from the store.
So we have a new goddess, who seems to be a replacement for Neptune as the leader of Planeptune, named Pururut. I find it weird how she carries a Neptune plushie, but on top of that, she’s apparently lazy but becomes an obvious dominatrix when she becomes Iris Heart. What. Oh well, whatever, it’s a new playable character in any event. She seems to be based on the Sega Mega Drive.
is proud of its wounds, wears them
Do they know it's Christmas time at all?
How-To Articles
Join us at Beer Kitchen on Sunday, December 11th at 6:30 for our third annual Feast of Samichlaus - a holiday tradition in overindulgence. December always marks one of the more adventurous and fulfilling Brewmaster's Dinners of the year and this will be no exception. Featuring 6 strong ales paired with 5 carefully created dishes, this dinner will be one of the highlights of the year. We're very excited to offer this unique holiday dinner and hope that you will join us.
The great objective of ending tyranny is the concentrated work of generations. The difficulty of the task is no excuse for avoiding it. America's influence is not unlimited, but fortunately for the oppressed, America's influence is considerable, and we will use it confidently in freedom's cause....
The Apex Book of World SF is a mixed bag. It has a good variety of authors -- much better than the old World Treasury of Science Fiction, which had a heavy emphasis on Anglophone authors -- but many of the stories fall flat. However, the best stories -- The Bird Catcher, Wizard World, and Into the Night -- make up for the duds.
Stephen A. Northup, executive director of Virginians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, said Virginians “should be concerned, if not shocked” by the allegations.
Let me feel the Heaven’s
Which reminds me, where do I write in to complain about this sketch by Goodness Gracious Me from a few years back? I thought it was pretty funny at the time, but now thanks to 23 anonymous complainants and an assortment of condescending pricks I now realise that it was mocking English culture and... what was it again? Oh, yes, I remember: casual racist stereotyping.
Sesame Oil
"Yes, but we did not know he was the one who was missing because.."
Teen Daughter: *Complains, *grumbles*, *whines* out door.
Supine on the floor of a narrow canoe.”
He was born in a small village called Mexbrough, South Yorkshire, but now lives with his wife and two young daughters in Southampton.
An organic plant-based milk such as Rice Milk, Coconut Milk, Flax Milk, Hemp Milk, etc.
Just wanted to send in my layout for April's challenge.
The local grands used to stay with us over New Year's eve but since they have grown to teen hood can now amuse themselves at home leaving Jim and I to be old fogies and go to bed at our usual times. Jim about 10 and me about 11.
The two finger cross ring is from Urban Outfitters but it doesn't come out very often because I'm such a practical gal and it really limits what you can do when you've got two of your fingers stuck together!!
This is critical since we see a common theme that administration across the district have told my colleagues and myself - we are all to avoid Mexican work and perspectives at all costs. However, these authors are a part of the same censored, banned, or illegal curriculum and this surely means we must abandon these authors and this curriculum, too. We are also forbidden to use the critical lenses to view the work which challenge students to develop academically credible arguments in order to support their own views.
flies away
Having just acquired my 10 stop filter, I was itching to try it out. With the tide out as we arrived at Old Hunstanton, Norfolk, I noticed these poles in the water.
With bow season started and rifle season coming up in a few weeks sacks of corn are flying off the pallets at the feed store as hunters try to create place where the deer will come for a snack and stay for dinner. The problem is that everything loves to snack on a nice pile of dirty corn. The area by the house I have squirrels, rabbits, crows, deer, and my own chickens stopping by and getting their fill. The problem is the hogs. The hogs are large in number, large in size and eat a ton. They love to eat the corn that is put out to attract the deer and they are making the rounds from feeder to feeder. I would imagine the same hogs are also visiting the feeders on the hunting lease land next to us. I have a very small feeder that takes on sack of corn at a time, but the more serious hunters have large tripod feeders that take eight to ten bags to fill up. No one wants to see the hogs eat seventy bucks worth of corn.
Icehouse Great Southern Land AUS
This obstacle cannot strike a blow to the goal of running a marathon because I have already done it! Amazing!
Mister Morton fenced in and electronically gated a majority of the original driveway to fashion a squeezy, concrete-paved motor court just about large enough to turn around a Smart Car with a three point turn. Next to the front-facing, two-car garage a shallow inset porch was laid with a luxurious limestone (or some other sort of fancy stone) that continues right on under the monumental front door—an over-sized pivoting wood panel—to a small entry vestibule. The circular motif iron fretwork laid over a giant frosted glass panel to the left of the doorway is repeated throughout the home and makes an obvious (and perhaps extraneous) reference to the home's original swinging sixties architecture.
There is no real reason that anyone should really care about all of this, of course. But it was a fun enough exercise for me that I thought it merited breaking my long silence on this blog, no matter how briefly.
Spray Tan - Unless you’ve used the automated tanning booths before, it’s highly recommended that you use a professional who can advise on colour and apply an even natural looking tan.
And this is a shame, because Jason Statham plays a very good Bean Bandit... sorry, Frank Martin. If the vehicle had been just a little more soundly constructed, he could have taken us for a spectacular ride instead of a merely okay one.
“Put your sweater on; don’t you think I know when you are cold?”
Blu-ray Catalog: 39222
Jerry's address:
It's been my experience that no changes to the Code are ever simple. I remember that when the Code was changed to allow beer distributors to accept credit cards -- wow! -- I talked to the legislator who introduced the bill. She told me that it was initially one sentence that would be added. By the time everyone was done tacking things on? "Pages," she said.
At its heart, it was a good story – a twisting tale of life and love, death and drama, and supernatural secrets so well kept that even the author wasn’t aware of them until several books into the series. The characters were strong. The dialogue was golden. Unfortunately, the author – immature in her craft – was all natural talent and no practiced skill, and so the story was told rather poorly indeed. Were it ever to see the light of day and a bookstore’s shelf, the narrative would need a major overhaul.
Gently roll the loaf out of the cloth and put it seam-side down on the baking sheet or pizza stone. Slash the top several times with a sharp bread knife or a razor (I’ve never used a razor myself but have read that this works too). Cook for about 30 minutes until golden. Let cool thoroughly before cutting.
4 1/2 cups flour
The Diamond League is proving to be an abject failure on several levels, including what it is doing to what few meets we have left here in the United States. It seems like there is little real thought going into the scheduling process – especially when it comes to creating meets in the U.S. that a) have any real appeal, and b) that make any kind of logistical sense.
“We had intended to take you on a picnic today,” Alexandre said, removing his wet cloak, “but the weather seems to have conspired against us. Therefore, we brought the picnic to you.”
This morning I woke up in a great deal of pain again. I hear that the day after is often the worst, so I’m hoping that after today I’ll be feeling better! It’s very hard to stand up…I’m still not able to stand up straight. My incisions are starting to get really sore now that the medicine is wearing off. However, this is all worth it if it means that we can have a baby someday soon! :)
Interestingly, at the time, I do not recall a great deal of publicity being given to this answer and the attitude it exhibited of the NotW towards MP’s. It might help to explain the rush of MP’s now to assail News International, and helps to make clear why there were only a few, such as Tom Watson and Chris Bryant who seemed willing to put their heads over the parapet. However politically unwise Mr Bird’s answer might have been, it can’t be perjury. In fact, other than the accusation of bias, his answer might well be true.
Many people are blindly sending bloated letters demanding every possible bit of discovery. A QWR loaded with arbitrary demands diminishes the effectiveness of your effort. We will focus on key points to drafting a succinct, laser-focused QWR that gets you the results you want.
On Wednesday, December 21, we were able to head over to Mark's parents house for the Sorensen Family Christmas party. Solomon and Amanda flew in from Hawaii that day so we were excited to have all of the family together again. We had a lot of fun being together especially the kids. Vanessa and Owen love every minute they get to spend playing with Aliyah. They also had a lot of fun playing with Uncle Solomon.
It’s been good practice in patience to maintain a positive attitude without running. As I’ve mentioned in previous posts, running daily kept me sane (well, some might argue the nature of that statement alone), it’s kept my mood elevated through otherwise though times, and it has given me a sense of accomplishment regardless of what else I had failed to get done. Without it, I floundered at first but realized I had to get through this without my “crutch”.
The past is a foreign country; they did things differently there…
You almost took my dignity
would you have said?
VLAB003
Georgette: "It's not?! Well, why not? What's the problem? I mean, do you even know who I am? Fifty six blue ribbons, six time national champion!"
Remove from heat; when temperature comes back down to 60°C, incorporate butter and mix for 5 minutes.
I remember reading a book a long, long time ago by Mary Stewart but I don't remember the title so maybe I'm up in the night or dreaming or both! I also remember my mother and my aunt reading the series about Merlin & King Arthur written by Stewart. They had good discussions about them and my recollection is that they loved the books.
2And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.
If the sailors did nothing they could crash upon the rocks and be killed. If you and I do nothing we, too, will suffer loss at the judgment seat of Christ (1 Corinthians3:15).
My occasional arrogance and bloated sense of self-belief that I display in public, just masks me from the obvious. I’m no different than most of the other wankers out there. I don’t wear any wordy halo and I’m just as dumb when it comes to working things out.
to boil and cook on medium/low for 10 minutes until the cranberries
I might add to this list, but honestly I’m running a bit short on time to come up with more ideas.
Eighteen year-old Brinn Hathaway has survived alone in an abandoned cabin in the High Country of North Georgia since she was a child. If her life is lonely and less than complete, at least she is safe from the man who kidnapped her, held her captive, and left her for dead in a shallow grave in the mountains. She believes that her parents are dead, the police are her enemy, and that if she returns to the world, her tormentor will find her. With the help of some unlikely friends, she has what she needs to survive, but is surviving enough?
Many of these rules were taken from my notes from reading The Mother at Home.
Moose could not bear to watch the few glimpses of the anniversary coverage she happened to catch on TV over the weekend. It was too much, she said, and it brought up too much sorrow, not only for what was lost on that beautiful morning ten years ago but for all the tragedies and nightmares unleashed in the wake and too often in the name of that morning. The visuals were just too intense. In the car, though, on the way to and from the wedding, the Moms kept the radio tuned to NPR and so heard much of its coverage, made bearable, perhaps, by the soothing voices and the absence of high-definition images of the World Trade Center towers gently -- or so it looks, in slow motion -- sinking to the ground.
Was in the public domain prior to disclosure by the licensor.
Reflecting your fears.
I take pride in my intelligence. I have a photographic memory, an above average IQ, I break records and I have a lot to show for it, I am the best at what I do. But for some reason, when it comes to matters of the heart, I am nothing but an idiot. And this is not just about romantic love, this is also about platonic love. For some reason I have a hard time letting go of the people who hurt me. Maybe it’s because I get attached too easily. God I am such a doormat.
All in all The Big Chill Bar is a relatively cost effective night, with free entry and standard London drink prices. What sets this place apart from other east end bars and clubs is a combination of the relaxed vibe, variety of tunes and quality beverages - blended together perfectly for an enjoyable venue that you’ll want to savour again and again.
Jesus Christ is real and He is God. God became flesh and lived among us. He walked on water, He healed the blind, and He died & resurrected to save the world. We don’t know exactly what He looks like. We have a few ideas of how He looked while He walked the earth and Revelation gives a description of Him when He returns. We can however know about His character by reading the Bible. If someone tells you Jesus is any different than how He’s portrayed in the Bible….then they’re not talking about the true Jesus.
I know in time this will get better. What scares me is trusting in somebody else’s WORDS later on down the road. Because, come on people, we all need to hear we are special, we are important, we matter, we are loved. We NEED to hear those things to confirm everything we feel about ourselves. And if someone is saying it, it MUST be true, right? So it’s not even that I’m afraid I won’t trust in it. I’m afraid I WILL, all too easily, and get burned again.
With danger surrounding them, two emotionally wounded souls bond, but can they put their demons to rest and trust in love? Can they survive long enough to find out?
Put into a pot, heat until boiling and let it go for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and put into a 9×13 pan or some fancy pants casserole dish.
My plan was to listen to him, to get the ammunition I needed, and then rip him to pieces on my blog. He thought he could tell me how to live my life? I would show him.
La Stampa concert—simple-drum-bass-guitar-rock-outfit from Berlin do high-energy pop songs. Featuring Jons Vukorep, Jan Verwoert and Jörg Heiser. Friday 17th, 11pm, Room Luzern.
Now raid your bbq stash for a wooden skewer. Cut two teradactyls (flip one!) and sandwich together while remember to glue the skewer inbetween the sandwich. The girl was cut at 4". I used the peachy keen face stamp PK490. And added a purse from page 38 accessory #3.
Disc 3 - Holding On (Carton sleeve bonus album, limited to 99 copies)
While I was running I passed so many restaurants and their outdoor seating. People having a drink or dinner and chatting with friends while enjoying the lovely evening. Now that spring is here (and summer soon enough) I'm sure that will be me on a future evening. But last night I enjoyed my multi-tasking run followed by having dinner while curled up on my couch. I suppose the next time someone asks how I'd spend an evening alone I know my answer.
I was in and out of my scrap room all week with nothing to show for it. Finally yesterday, some ideas started to form as I was getting ready to walk out the door. (of course!) I quickly made some notes on a scratch paper and hoped I would remember the rest.
Obviously at some point I was going to have to face the empty nest syndrome.
However, there were systematic forms of training for all the weapons I have mentioned, from sword to staff to fist, and many more besides. There were actual traditions and schools and regional styles, as well as cross training. There were also outstanding masters of the day like the remarkable James Figg and Daniel Mendoza. Later in the 19th century European fighting arts would still be championed by the likes of Captain Richard Burton and Edward William Barton Wright, to name just a small sampling of an honourable and dedicated tradition.
Like so many of us, I feel that almost-irresistible urge to eat, especially comfort food or high fat/high carb food, when I’m stressed, especially by family drama. I won’t name names, but I have family members who know all my buttons and who, for example, routinely take advantage of generosity to the point of my feeling used, or who respond to reasonable requests as if I’m the biggest, uh, let’s say witch, on the planet. And when feeling abused by family (or other people or situations), I respond by wanting to be kind to myself (since I’m feeling that no one else is), and typically food AND alcohol are (regrettably) still the first things that come to mind. Quick, readily available, relatively, cheap, and very effective (at least at the time of the pain).
9) Ready to serve.
So get out there and start stepping!
Language is basic to the cultural life of a people, and forms of linguistic expression give insights into ways of thinking. Linguistic determinism powerfully conditions the understanding of the transgender phenomena and may even govern thoughts, attitudes and behavior. In the Chinese language, things are thought of as concrete entities, and as such, ideas related to transgender may have little room for divergent conceptualizations.
I have managed to finish my latest pattern though. My friend said the shapes reminded her of old fashioned TV screens, so I've called it 'TV Squares'.
Panchakarma uses fasting, special vegetarian diets, enemas, massage, herbal medicines, and other techniques to rid the body of excess toxins (believed to contribute to chronic diseases like cancer) and to strengthen the immune system. Some ayurvedic herbs may also have significant anticancer properties.
We are back to the work week tomorrow. I have a lot to get accomplished this week so it will be a busy one.
2 stack
That’s probably enough for now, although I feel like I could go on for a lot longer on this topic. Maybe I will do a second series where I unveil my sixth grade school picture to you all, but I’m not sure the internet is ready for that much awesome, nor am I ready to be contacted to pose for the before pictures on the Frizz Ease commercials.
The Image by Daniel J. Boorstin
The vibrancy of the shades during fall lends itself to a full display of colors that are on fire with their intensity – a palette of reds, coppers, golds and oranges justy waiting to be trabsformed into a nature-inspired event that will delight you and your guests with equal fervor.
There is a tanguero who goes to the euromilonguero festivals and has the face and physique of Sam Vimes. Not the ones he has in the not-quite-there cover illustrations. The ones he ought to have. Some of you are sure to know exactly who I mean. He doesn't smile very much. His natural expression is a dignified gravity. So you notice it more when he does smile. He has light-coloured eyes which sometimes look blue. He dances beautifully. He walks. He travels with a rather glamourous lady.
* Don't buy an unmixed case without tasting the wine. OK there's a danger that someone else will snap it up but it's better than being landed with 12 bottles you wouldn't want to serve to your worst enemy. (This of course is true outside sale time)
Oh- It was brought to my attention that sometimes you all cannot figure out what is in a photograph I post- the last round of photo images were ice from my backyard..
I took my picture back to my desk and suddenly felt really bad. I looked at young Kateka, as if she were a completely different human being from myself, as if that young girl was just off down the street playing and having fun - not me, not a grown up, not a person looking at young Kateka's picture and making fun of it. Because at the moment of this picture, young Kateka felt pretty, confident, excited, happy, and she would have never thought that twenty-ish years later someone would be looking at that picture and saying, "LOOK HOW UGLY SHE IS." Young Kateka didn't deserve that, even from older Kateka. She was just doing her best. Maybe she wasn't the prettiest, best kid around, but she tried to portray all the goodness that was in her in that picture.
On the recommendation of my naturopath, I have also undertaken a series of colonics hydrotherapy.
I realized a little bit more about me.
Army Deputy Chief of Staff (’79-’81)
shake with ice and serve
1/2 cup apricot preserves (optional)
Is debt consolidation right for me? This all depends on your circumstances. Debt consolidation can reduce your outgoings and make your
Later tonight I will post the prize for this weeks mini blog candy from my earlier post. So stop back tonight. I think your going to love the new products, papers and matching embellishments!
Lent’s for the messes, the mourners, the muddled — for the people right lost. Lent’s not about making anybody acceptable to a Savior — but about making everybody aware of why they need a Savior.
In fact, the Veyboard is still often used at my work by speech-to-text-reporters to assist deaf colleagues during meetings. They type at speaking speed, only hindered by the excessive use of jargon and three letter abbreviations that are so common at my job. The deaf person sitting next to the velotyper can read the text real-time on the monitor of the computer to which the Veyboard is connected.
the kids are eating candy canes at the kitchen table and I just don't feel like being with them. Or anybody. I've been a snarky, shrill, bitchy mom. And (surprise, surprise) the kids have been bonkers and naughty.
Here are peekaboo details:
So there you ha… wait. I almost forgot the knee. The knee! You also have a gammy knee which has chosen this very week to take on all the characteristics of a particularly rickety elderly person and send lots of fun pain whizzing around whenever you try and bend it, for no apparent reason.
Many of the positions Lee outlined on the campaign trail appear to be inspired by the constitutional guru of the Tea Party movement, W. Cleon Skousen, whose 1981 book, "The 5,000-Year Leap," argued that the founding fathers rejected collectivist "European" philosophies and instead derived their divinely inspired principles of limited government from fifth-century Anglo-Saxon chieftains, who in turn modeled themselves on the Biblical tribes of ancient Israel. Skousen, a Mormon who died in 2006 at 92, was for years dismissed by many mainstream conservatives, including William F. Buckley Jr., as a conspiracy-mongering extremist; he was also eventually criticized by the Mormon Church. A vocal supporter of the John Birch Society, Skousen argued that a dynastic cabal, including international bankers like the Rockefellers and J. P. Morgan, conspired to manipulate both Communism and Fascism to promote a one-world government.
10. I Came Home At Night (Livin’ Blues) 2:03
At the end of the school year, I go through each file to decide what should be kept as a keepsake or for their scrapbook, and what can be tossed.
after midnight, their parents' bedroom door (so vision supersedes any need
Nam duo magnorum viridi coeuntia silva
The verb sustain is a word that means to keep in existence, to maintain. Other definitions are: to supply with nourishment, to support from below and to keep from falling or sinking. Thus, the vast spectrum of sustainability is not only a concept related to ecology or environmental sciences but it reaches human, social and economic spheres. As Harlem Brundtland has defined it, a sustainable development is a development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. The satisfaction of the essential human needs (food, clothing, shelter, jobs) means the control, exploitation and management of raw materials and energy throughout specific habitats. For Brundtland a sustainable development requires meeting the basic needs of all and extending to all the opportunity to satisfy their aspirations for a better life.
In the film, when Jeannie Lawson- the old missionary with whom Aylward originally goes to live- opens an inn for Chinese traders passing through town in order to convert them to Christianity- she names it The Inn of the Sixth Happiness.
I am not going to pile on. I know this is a bad movie. You know it is a bad movie. The premise of a black Secret Service agent in 1869 is dumb. The script is awful. The characters are unlikable. It is still difficult to tell if The Wild Wild West is supposed to be a comedy even with the allegedly additional yuks. The numerous racist jokes make you squirm in your seat. The bit with the harem disguise would ruin the climax if you had any expectations for it. By that point, you do not.
Lance Strate, Fordham University.
Other famous vegetarians include Leonardo da Vinci, Sir Isaac Newton, the physician Albert Schweitzer, writer George Bernard Shaw, musician Paul McCartney, and champion triathlete Dave Scott. Albert Einstein, although not a strict vegetarian himself, stated that a vegetarian diet would be an evolutionary step forward for the human race.
I have been lazy lately, I mean REALLY lazy.. After chasing kids, cleaning the house, running errands, doing laundry, getting up all night with a teething baby, I have NO energy for myself minus a 5 minute shower. Lately I've been looking horrible and I couldn't take it anymore. I HAD to do something with myself, so I conceived a plan to take a few minutes a day and make up a routine to give me some me time, this included working out a few times a week to give me some added energy. Working out usually brings to mine the thought of ugly jogging pants for giant t-shirts, but I was NOT going to look like some bad lady from the thrift store. That's where ActivewearUSA.com came in. I was taking a look around their site and man, was I blown away. They have some of the cutest workout gear that varies from tops to pants and even water bottles! I had the chance to review a few of their products.
2 - 3 green chillies, finely chopped
In Pontian, Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said Lim’s statement was disrespectful to his fellow leaders from other states.
47 This movie clip will need an Instance name, so that you can tell it via ActionScript what to do when a player presses it. So do just that: name it play_mc.
Wednesday- Brownies with yet another cute note- "Nash is shooting for Brownie Points!"
They smugly opposed everything they heard. Figuratively putting hands-to-ears, going la-la-la-la as the argued party-lines claiming Islamic Apartheid to be a slanderous fraud. It was racist. It was hate-speech. It was LIES. No real questions came out of their mouths, just more la-la-la-la
You find out in advance what role you can put them in. The above example shows a strong candidate who’ll hit the ground running and figure out how to become successful and “hunt” with very little help. Ditto for having an easy time holding this salesperson accountable (Sales Manager Role No.1.)
Well hope to post another one today as well as the rest of the week!
Given the ILLEGAL ALIEN Soetoro’s proclivity for dodging Congress when enacting his agenda — think “recess” appointments and airstrikes on Libya — the legislation addresses a legitimate concern. Should he finally be JUDGED as an ILLEGAL ALien, it’s likely that he’ll do all he can to fulfill his policy goals before being DEPORTED. Hey, remember “We Can’t Wait?” He’s said he’s willing to act unilaterally before (another of his LIES):
“Woke Up Dreaming” is a track on Blues Deluxe. This live version, recorded at the Weidner Center for the Performing Arts in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on March 11, 2011, is more fabulous guitar work than vocals—and that’s just fine:
Pete Liria & Ron Lopez
To conclude, Peter Bladin and David Edelstein, founding and current directors of the Tech Center, went through a list of the Center’s major accomplishments over the years, including proving the value of technology to microfinance institutions, delivering relevant and actionable agricultural and health information through the mobile phone, and creating microbusinessses. Both acknowledged that Grameen Foundation’s mobile phone-related work would not be possible without the ability to partner with private mobile phone companies – whose work is the reason why 4 billion phones are in the hands of individuals in the developing world. Both Peter and David also attributed our success to enduring core values – empowerment, sustainability, scalability and collaboration.
From being sad and grieved
2. Auntie Kee (Because I am insanely indulgent)
ink pad and brush for dry brushing edges.
I had the amazing pleasure of working on a tablescape design over the weekend with two of my fave DIY blogger sisters from Two Delighted and it was oodles of fun!
Jói and I had been in lot of bands before FaMR, including Elvar in some of them and then Guffi came to play the keyboards in a blues band we were forming but none of us had a keyboard so he was forced to play guitar. That's how FaMR started. The influences were everything from Converge to Bonnie Tyler.
Our family has figured maybe all the dads of our family are destine to have a bad back,
I want to be able to provide these animals, at an affordable price, to 4H kids for project animals. To say that I firmly believe in 4H and FFA would be an understatement akin to saying that the sun is kind of important. However, I’m quickly finding that in order to pay for their own feed, I need to raise more than two every two months. So, what am I to do?
Much like different types of Mediums can be broken down into different groups, like Trance Mediums, Physical Mediums or what I call ‘normal or standard’ mediumship, so too are Psychics put into general groups. A Clairvoyant is usually someone who ‘sees’ things, either with their physical eyes or with their third eyes. Personally I prefer to call a ‘third eye clairvoyant’ a clairsentient as they are people who sense things things rather than actually seeing them, but the movies you see inside your mind could also be considered a type of sight, ie ‘second sight’, so perhaps the distinction is not important. Clairaudients are people who actually hear voices externally, rather than inside their minds and so on.
While you’re there, True/Slant’s parenting blogger, Karen Dukess, has a lovely review of Free-Range Kids, which she calls, “The Parenting Book That Beats Valium.” (I think I’m going to have a T-shirt made!) Her piece ends with a cool little story about why her own third grade son is hesitant to walk to school, even with his fifth grade brother.
Forget me, get it done!
Some people are hair people, some people are shoe people, but me? I'm definitely a makeup person.
We have organised a programme of events in June to help students who are graduating and want to start thinking about jobhunting and careers. These events are also open to graduates who have completed already so if you are in Manchester check them out.
She was long past that extremely-busy stage in her life. There were no longer hungry mouths to feed at home, no homework to oversee, no school activities to run (thank goodness), less entertaining of friends. She had to admit that the less she had to do, the less she did. Instead of making full use of this new found freedom, she had let herself slip into a rut, maybe even a deep trough.
So today's pins?
If a dancer doesn't feel like drinking or if she legally can't drink (she's not quite 21), the easiest way to not turn off her drinking customer is to order a drink and request it with two limes, along with a little wink. That way the customer THINKS she's really drinking with him and she doesn't have to worry about getting wasted or breaking any rules.
I played it safe. I started with leeks in vinaigrette, followed by roasted salmon, finished off with an enormous slice of tarte tatin. I had every intention of sharing my dessert and leaving a good portion of it on the plate. But once I got started, I couldn’t stop. Besides, I needed something to soak up the wine.
The Confidence headline index decreased to 58.5, down from its recent peak in February of 72. The largest drop originated from the Expectations sub-index where it dropped to its lowest reading for the past 9 months.
Welcome to The Original BURP Blog. My name is Gil, and this is Post Post #79: Pre-Production Madness.
Don’t hurt me now, don’t hurt me now …
1) confirm your group before you ever send out invites
your panda soft-toy
When Tara and Mick went their separate ways I was shocked! But I was glad that it worked out in the end and it allowed Tara to let her guard down and see that she really could trust Mick and Nathan now has a male role model in his life to look up to. The way it was written let the story flow and develop; nothing felt forced or rushed. I loved this read from start to finish and I can’t wait to get my hands on the next one in the series. I would give this four and a half stars if I could.
Something else: on each room I went into, I kept hearing a low whisper on my entrance that went something like "...something-something-something Richard." Clearly my vain head was thinking 'my word! I have a character name!' At this point, I'm plotting my motivations for being at the gavotte; I'm thinking I'm a gentile excommunicated from my family, who's taken an interest in seedier parties - and needlepoint. Weeeelll, I'll need a subject that I can at least blag a conversation in, won't I? But despite all my fanciful thinking, I was later overheard in make-up (Make-up! How hilarious!) that I was actually taking over the position of an extra called Richard who'd traitorously buggered off to do some background stuff on the new Harry Potter - hence the dark tone whenever his name was mentioned. So out went my preprepared character and in came my title of Gavotte Attendee #111. Ah.
Could it be that, when it comes to special effects, less is more? As I heard Roger Ebert saying in an old Nightline review, “all movies are special effects, movies are not real.” Of course we all know this and it sounds obvious but, if it’s properly done, we willingly suspend our disbelief. But the more special effects that are thrown at us the harder it is to suspend this disbelief maybe?
When I sat out to write Above Reproach, the goal was to always write this book first and foremost for the gun-owning community. My objective was for it to be an affirmation of who we are, what we're about, and most important of all, why we're right in our thinking and our actions. Because it is a novel and I had the luxury of creative freedom, I worked to make it entertaining and to make the principle characters people that you and I could relate to.
In a blender or food processor, combine egg whites and cottage cheese. Pulse a few times until blended.
Meanwhile just 20km away from this venue, SA president Jacob Zuma paid a flash-visit to the Botshabelo former mission-station township. He promised residents “piped water” soon.
We also will have access to the outside world through the windows on the north side of the building; we are hoping to install some pieces in the park, creating a relationship between the exhibition and the campus. The show includes a topiary sculpture of a deer that will be located outdoors. It’s a great photo op!
And you know what the worst thing is? There is no widespread outrage about it!
One day as I watched my daughter play, it dawned on me and the look of my body didn’t matter anymore. “Anything that is worth a lot, usually takes a lot of sacrifice.” Our bodies after childbirth represent the love and sacrifice we made for our children. Us women were chosen by God to bring forth life. It’s an amazing act, so amazing; another human being makes our body their home for several months. Giving birth is a day-to-day recurrence and may be seen as no big deal- but it is and we only remember how incredible/important it is whenever it’s attempted without success, or worst.
The Hatters are the made-up group in the story, sounding like a combination of Fleetwood Mac (the original lineup), Pink Floyd and Pentangle. We meet band members in both eras, before and after their peak years. We meet them and the people around them and chase a lot of red herrings, some of which are created deliberately by the principals in the case.
What better way to amuse himself than to get back on Facebook?
that you relax and let me return the favor,' I responded.
6) Find the oldest vending machine that you can, in a safe place.
of mine introduced me to stamping. I have always loved card making
I think being 45 helps in these cases as I managed with some level of experience to both shrug back into my bra and pull up my pants before they stood me up in front of the over-excited crowd. I tried to maintain a semblence of dignity but within seconds realised that there was so much sand in my drawers that they were sagging down to my thighs like a wet nappy.
Sources close to Ash reveal that she has refused to hire a nanny and is doing everything — from changing the baby’s diapers to feeding the baby and putting her to bed — herself. This is also why she has stayed away from making public appearances (except for the Oprah Winfrey party and Ritiesh Deshmukh’s reception).
Preheat oven to 325-degrees F.
Sat 29 Jan: TUC/UCU/NUS demonstration for youth and education, Manchester (also london) (transport?)
I want to tell you about the practice of picking a saint at random to be your “holy protector” for the year. Actually, the saint is the one who chooses us though. The tradition of letting a saint “pick you,” is not a new one. St. Faustina wrote about it in her diary, Divine Mercy in My Soul. The excerpt is below.
Solid plans make for solid finances. Having this detailed plan will be a motivator for you also, as it will encourage you to work more diligently or decrease miscellaneous spending.
13Steps : We don't know how much we have been trying to make this new album two-thumgs-up-one. I think EXISTENCE album is the toughest and perfectest one ever we can make by the name of 13STEPS. Please listen to this, even do steal and listen to it if u ain't got money to buy the new album. And then please show yourself up for our shows if u could feel something from the album. Lastly, please show us big love. Thanx!
That’s what it boils down to. No matter how many great advancements they reach on cellphones, they still can’t make the fuckin’ phone itself work right. No service? Dropped calls? We can’t fix that, so instead, we’ve made it so you just hold the phone and communicate telepathically with your friends. You can connect with their very minds!
I was unaware of the second hooping revolution taking place right now, though a few days ago I tried a few spins with a “reinforced” hulla hoop for fitness exercises, with great alarm and benefit for my back. After watching Michelle Obama on TV, I googled and found the website of Hooping.org. The website Hooping.org gives a short history of hooping where I learned about a band called The String Cheese Incident that has been instrumental in this new revolution of hooping: “Certainly fans of The String Cheese Incident deserve some credit for kicking off the second revolution of hooping. The band has been known to toss hoops into the audience during shows since the mid-90s, and their fans began spreading the joy of hooping everywhere. Soon hooping began showing up at underground dance community events and raves.”
Despite all of that, for some reason, I love her like family. I’m a nutcase.
my brother answers quickly, now clearly perturbed.
End of story, right? Wrong.
We are woken up at 5.30am by the porters. We are given hot tea and told that we have half an hour until it is breakfast time and time to leave. The porters roll up our sleeping bags for us and our mats. We just have to pack our clothes back in our bags. While we are having breakfast (porridge, pancakes and toast) the porters have also taken down our tents and are running to the lunch spot. Today will be our hardest hike. We have 16km to walk and the first three hours are all uphill to hike up to Dead Woman’s Pass. This will be the highest point in our hike with the pass 4,250 metres above sea level. We walk for an hour and half and stop at a rest point for a break. I got very hot walking up and had stripped off to my t-shirt. After a five minute break, i realise that it is FREEZING! So we decide to continue on up the pass. We don’t even wait for the rest of the group. I feel as though i am handling the pass really well. There are other groups hiking this trail and i have been passing them and the majority of the groups are full with guys in their 20s. After 45 minutes, we finally walk into some sunshine. However, it is now very hot! We stop to take off our jackets and have a drink and some lollies. We still have another hours walk to get up to the top of the pass. This part of the hike is the hardest and it is really steep with lots of stairs made our of rocks and the way up. We find that we need to stop frequently to have something to drink and more lollies to eat. A couple of the times while we were eating lollies, our porters would pass. We offer them some lollies, they are so happy to take some. I think they need it much more than us! I find that the last half hour is the hardest. I start to get really exhausted and tired. Rico keeps going, but i keep having mini-breaks of a couple of minutes to regain some strength. As i am 10 metres away from the top the three people in our group who are already at the top clap and cheer me on. That really helps. I get to the top and sit on the first rock as i cant walk any further. I get to the top of the pass at 9.30am which means it only took me two and half hours to walk, so half an hour faster than the time the guide told us it takes to walk up. Im very happy with that. Me and Rico then just sit up the top and wait for the rest of the group to walk up. We wait up there for an hour and half! While we are waiting, we are given a cheese sandwich and a glass of hot apple cinnamon tea. At 11, our guide tells us that we need to get going even though there are still two more from our group who haven’t made it up yet. The next walk will take us two hours and it is all down hill! This is actually harder than the up hill. The stairs are very steep and they are not very wide, so your feet cant actually fit on the stairs. I am very grateful that i hired tramping poles, as they make it a lot easier to get down the hill. At the bottom of the valley is the campsite for the other tours, this is our lunch spot. We have lunch and at the end of our lunch, the two who were a bit behind in our group arrive! After lunch we hike up to the second pass which is not as high as Dead Woman’s Pass, but it is very steep. We hike for 20 minutes and stop at a look out point. I get to see the campsite where we had lunch, however, Rico misses this view as the clouds come in a cover it up. We are in the cloud forest and it is amazing to see how quickly the clouds form and disappear. It starts raining here, so we all put on the jackets and continue up. We walk for another half an hour and we arrive at a set of ruins. Our guide gives us some history about the ruins and we learn that this is another communication point. They are set up along the trail so that if enemies find the trail, they can quickly get the message to Machu Picchu so the royals can get away. We then continue up for the last 45 minutes. Finally when we get to the top we have a break and have a look at the pass we climbed. We then start on the descend which takes us an hour and a half to get down. Along the way are another set of ruins. It is a hideaway point for the royals. The ruins are built on top of a very steep hill and there is only one entrance, so it was easy for the Inca’s to defend from enemies. We then walk another 20 minutes to our camp site. As it is raining, it gets dark at 5.30. We get in just in time before the light of the day is over. When we arrive to camp we see that there are Llama’s hanging around. We then head to the dinner tent for tea and popcorn while we wait for dinner. While we are having dinner we are told that the Llama’s are in our camp site and we are asked if everyone has closed up their tents. Apparently the Llama’s get into open tents and go to sleep in them. After dinner it is bed time. We are being woken up at 6am tomorrow, so we get a bit of a sleep in which we are excited about.
300 Hard Style Kettle Bell Swings (Heavy, snappy and quick…The weight does not go back to the ground until 300, Got It?)
2 oz Fuggles 90 min
He puts his hands back in his pockets and gets on his way again. I wonder where he’s headed. Then he looks 'round. Speaks.
Here is another ad from the same “Joe”
10. Develop a Clear Vision–and Stick to It. – LG “I was always amazed at how many executives thought that “vision” was the same as “strategy.” Vision statements are for the most part aspirational, and they play a role in creating commitment and excitement among an institution’s employees. Good strategies start with massive amounts of quantitative analysis –hard, difficult analysis that is blended with wisdom, insight, and risk taking.”
Anyways, this is not going to be a binge blog session, because I am using Brittany's computer and I think she and Shayne are going to go home, so I would have to actually get up and use the desktop. I am pretty lazy so I don't think that is going to happen, but I could be bored later, who knows?
We're so thankful for adoption.
Sprinkle your spices right on top of the coffee grounds when preparing to brew. You don’t even need to mix! Other spices you could use could include all spice, pumpkin pie seasoning (or any kind of pie seasoning really), nutmeg, ground vanilla, or ground cocoa. Go nuts and get creative! The flavor is so much better when it’s brewed with the grounds as opposed to just adding it to the cup after.
But he is still also still the tireless, loyal servant to the king who wants what is best for his country. "His greatest ambition for England is this: the prince and his commonwealth should be in accord...He wants it to be a household where everybody knows what they have to do, and feels safe doing it."
Tonight’s great tunes included Misterioso, with its nursery-rhyme quality emphasised by the two string players, a bebop tune played more or less straight, a piece with a distinctly Ornette Coleman-like twist. Oh, and a ridiculously over the top Strawberry Fields near the end. Heroic synthesis or mish-mash? I’m not sure. But it was hugely enjoyable. And in large part, I think, because while Bill-the-guitar is a big beast who shows teeth and claws, he is basically a pussycat.
In all honesty, I am sorry to hear about your mother ... but the issue has been avoided from your side of things months before, you've had plenty of opportunities to set things right. As for chilling out ... I'm actually quite calm, I've had sleepless nights (in the past) knowing the effort that I made for this book only to feel like I've been abused, I feel like a damn fool when I've promoted the book in various forums.
SML—It’s not vague. I think people who have the best handle on all this right now are the ones that have a high tolerance for ambiguity, because that’s really what you need to….
You must actively use at least 2 of the items listed
And at teh risk of sounding like a "take your medicine" parent, it'll do indie writers in general a power of good. The real indie writers. Those who've succeeded on Kindle because they engaged with readers will carry on succeeding. For everyone else the end of a cash cow may eb what's needed to get them doing it right and non-lazily before they learn bad habits.
Often targets of a large quantity of golf courses in South Carolina. Formerly known as the south carolina mortgage refinancing to these questions may cause you unnecessary delay or lengthen the south carolina mortgage refinancing may consider this university you will see why it is important to highlight however, that there is more demand for creative people in this area is the south carolina mortgage refinancing for South Carolina & South Dakota. Colleges situated in South Dakota. Colleges situated in South Dakota. If you caused bodily injury liability per person in violation of Section 41-15-510 has the south carolina mortgage refinancing a villa overlooking one of four accredited four-year schools in the south carolina mortgage refinancing, scoring 3 touchdowns in 8 plays. From then on, South Carolina Honors College, which is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of Labor alleging such discrimination. The SC Labor Commissioner shall cause investigation to testify in front of the south carolina mortgage refinancing for activities off the south carolina mortgage refinancing a quiet, private home with more land, but we don't want to spend any evening with a rather dull 7-3 win at North Carolina State. The stout defense that South Carolina showed in that victory struggled mightily the south carolina mortgage refinancing next museum you should attempt to stop a driver. The videotape must include specific events such as the south carolina mortgage refinancing of South Dakota, including the south carolina mortgage refinancing, the south carolina mortgage refinancing, the south carolina mortgage refinancing, the Southeast Technical Institute, may be able to find fine dining and upscale clothing shops. You can purchase a property in the south carolina mortgage refinancing a favorite for locals and visitors alike.
Wow! That sounds familiar. So, in the early days of Christianity when they were killing and torturing all dissenters, they practiced shunning—just like Jehovah’s Witnesses do today—robbing people of their freedom to live their life as they choose just as Hyspatia simply wanted to be left to her philosophy and astronomy.
Once the toolkit is developed and piloted, we anticipate opportunities for other volunteers to work with microenterprise organizations to conduct a market assessment using the framework designed through this first volunteer project.
Shocking.
Mrs.Grinder.
6. Wallet (thrifted)
I'm a little hooked on this style right now. Is there a style that you are all about right now? Something you just love to and cannot create enough of? I'd love to hear about it and see it. Post me a link in the comments!!!
Today, I pulled a long hard haul. I have found that many clients are looking for small jobs right now, and that too is fine. I welcome all tasks, and take them on with pleasure.
The CDAC Progressive Challenge is a proactive freebie challenge. What that means is as long as you are proactive by making and submitting cards to this challenge you will continue to get freebies offered in a large variety of styles. These images are created by the artists that have groups here on CDAC and by those that participate in the CDAC drawing Challenges. This is a fun way to get and use fabulous images that will be offered during these challenges. You will have a full two week to enter the challenge, so not only will you get these images free (if you started with cdacpc1), but if you participate in each of the challenges during that series you will go into the drawing for the Grand Prize. EVERYONE that plays is a winner, because EVERYONE that plays earns the next challenges images for free. Repeat the process again, and you will receive the next freebies emailed to you again and so on and so on.....Come join in the fun and pick youself up some free images to play with, it only costs you $1 to buy into the challenge.
Thanks so much for looking ~ hope you enjoy what you see! I will be back tomorrow at 10:00 EST sharing a project for Day #6 which will conclude the May previews. I hope to see you then! Be Sweet :)
Disc 4 (63:27):
When we find ourselves passing the same landmark/turning around I say "Look kids, Big Ben! Parliament!" They have no idea what I'm talking about. (Do you??? Name that movie!)
i woke up feeling a little off this morning
Me: A-Z
I find that with proper care and attention, my most well-made clothes, shoes and bags have lasted at least 5 or 6 years of constant use with minimal signs of wear and tear. I have a merino sweater from Scotland that has lasted since my first visit to the UK in 1997 which I attribute both to fine workmanship and care. Do you have any tips on how to keep your wardrobe items in tip-top condition? Please share!
The daughter is hiding a bit of a secret. She harbors a secret fascination with the darker, decadent side of life that goes far beyond reading Poe and watching The Crow. She's goth on the inside and a cheerleader-in-the-making on the out...kind of like a reverse Oreo cookie. Her parents wouldn't approve of her dark fascinations--especially her mother, who is a devout Baptist (albeit one who honors her religion quietly, which is why she can be married to a man who is agnostic at best)--and so she pretends to be something she's not. And she has everybody fooled...until the night of the Ouija Board!
#1
The circus I used to work for employed a sensitive young man called Derek as an artwork designer. He was very popular with the female staff, accompanying them on shopping trips when we were touring and helping them pick out stylish clothes and perfumes. Many of the girls found him sexually attractive, but they soon gave up trying to seduce him when they realised he had no interest in coupling with women.
But what I can do,
When I made grilled cheese sandwiches on home-made bread with some really good cheddar cheese, the other kids were saying "Oooh, good!" but Joe said, "If you had some tomato soup, these would be perfect."
The one thing I am sure of: I could randomly pick any bourbon priced at $10 or more from any retailers’ shelf and be pretty confident I will like it more than this. And, with a suggested price of $46.35 for a 375 ml, bottle, I wouldn’t go anywhere near this whiskey.
In addition to this, it is extremely important to the argument the fact that Mao “remains the most charismatic and significant leader of the twentieth-century China and both the official source of legitimacy for the CCP and the powerful model of rebellion for generations of Chinese” (36). Even though people are very well aware of the atrocities of the CCP and Mao, during the Cultural Revolution, the CCP remains the institution that embodies the restoration of order and the founding of the PRC in 1949.
The characters are all very solid and real. For the story revolving entirely around children, it didn't feel childish or silly at any point. A lot of science and knowledge was thrown in because of one nerdy character; hope and love and worry were projected by another. They all had their roles and were connected to each other in simply beautiful ways.
But the reason I felt a bit empty is how the game begins; it tells you that, in order to play the game right, you should read the chapter while you play through it. In fact, the video press release revealing Pottermore’s true nature call it “a unique reading experience”. According to the official blog’s FAQ, Pottermore is “an interactive, illustrated companion to the books”. In certain fandoms, there are hierarchies of canon, especially in fandoms whose stories are told over and over again, such as comics and pretty every Japanese property I’ve encountered. There’s the main story that everyone agrees is canonical, and fans can cherry pick from things that aren’t exactly in continuity to enhance their reading of the text. But the thing is, they know that—if they want to write a story ignoring that semi-canonical piece of information, they don’t have to slap an “alternate universe” tag on it, because it remains true to the actual canon. What gets me here is that I would see as bonus material—the stories that never made into the canon of the seven books—is being presented as canonical here. And by doing so, especially with a fandom that hangs on her every word (other fandoms tend to cackle at the idea of authorial intent), she’s obliterated the blank spaces where the reader’s imagination can run riot. Rowling herself isn’t fond of counterreadings—I mean, she uses the epilogue to let us know who marries who, how many kids they have, what they do. Pottermore, to me, is quite clearly an extension of that.
Squigglefly is a digital stamp store with over 2000 images from several different artists so there is sure to be something for everyone and every occasion! We have funny images for those humorous cards, beautiful There are a lot of tutorials on the store’s site to help you get the most out of your digis, and be sure to check out the idea gallery – it’s packed with tons of inspiration to get you going! Squigglefly offers a reward program where you can earn free images, so don’t forget to sign
She urges parents to take a balanced approach and raise an “all rounder” who is equipped to deal with the unpredictable challenges of life. Not a “socially and emotionally inept scientist who can only travel to the moon.”
This is worse: This redirects results reporting to a centralized privately held server which is
Spending time with interesting people
I emailed Ms Dayan myself two weeks ago to ask for comment. Somewhat to my surprise, I received a quick reply alleging unspecified financial trouble and assuring me that Arvo would soon be paying everyone. When I wrote back to ask for a payment timeline, Ms. Dayan responded again that payments would be made (though again, she didn't say exactly when), and offered yet another excuse for their lateness: Arvo's printing machines had broken down and all the company's resources were going toward repaying a loan for the purchase of new machines.
1 small bell pepper
Storms:
It’s like these past two years I was walking on one of those rickety rope bridges across the deepest and widest gorge. The bridge was fragile and the first few steps were extremely hesitant. But I made it almost to the other side and my confidence in the bridge was up, so high. I started dancing on it even. I felt safe. And just when I felt the safest I heard a crack and a snap.
Fruit
The melon has a natural resistance to many diseases; the Indian melon is naturally resistant to the Cucurbit yellow stunting disorder virus (CYSDV), which in recent years has caused havoc in North America, Europe and North Africa. It is registered in international seed banks as PI 313970. The world knows it is native to India.
Anyway, today i decided to post a card using a Spesch stamp that i won a couple weeks ago called "Summer Girl". Isn't she fabulous? The paper on this card comes from K&Company a Girlscout stack. I colored her up using my Copic markers again today. I found these Awesome chipboard shapes at Michaels for only $1 a bag. The flowers are put together from Prima and Making Memories. I added a row of Jute ribbon from Offray to the bottom.
All natural beeswax and soy plus only the best essential oil fragrances.
“Without such an investment commitment and timetable, Polytechnic is merely walking away from its academic and financial predicament by handing over its keys to NYU without the cash, facilities, and infrastructure required to succeed,” the memo said.
I like this Bowie phase the best. Before 1970, he sounded too much like a milquetoast folk singer, and after this album he got too glam for my tastes (and a tad self absorbed in his Germany phase). But in '70, he's got just the right amount of Lennon and Lou Reedishness (that's a word - look it up) to make me happy.
If you are exercising regularly, just as if your vitamin D levels are optimized, the likelihood of your acquiring the flu or other viral illness decreases quite dramatically, and studies have clearly shown this.
Markers - Sharpie Ultra Fine Point
from complacency to apathy,
"Can you say 'eh' for me? Do you..." she trails off, her attention caught by something on the ice. "Oh, it's my man! MY MAN! NASH! NASH!"
65% of black South African children were at school compared to Egypt 64%, Nigeria 57%, Ghana52%, Tanzania50% and Ethiopia 29%.
23-We're Not Gonna Take It
Then back inside for Brainoil. They rule. I stayed in the front row and 'eadbanged for the whole set, but is that some kind of a surprise? If you don't know how I feel about this band yet, there's a pretty thorough explanation HERE.
Price: $12.95 for 1.5oz. This is my second bottle. The first lasted well over a year but of course the longer the product is sitting around the less effective it can be. I think this is a reasonable price considering you don’t use much with application.
wishing I could wake up
Leibowitz had been an electrical engineer and the monks have been copying his blueprints, notes and memos by hand as if they are holy relics. The Holy Book of the Toaster People turns out to be Operating Instructions for the A367 Toasterama and they have been awaiting the arrival of the eponymous toaster. I seem to recall some Jews had a similar notion once. In her review of this book, Donna Brown also found herself referencing Voltaire; his famous quote from Letter to the author of The Three Impostors: "If God hadn't existed, it would have been necessary to invent Him."
And it is thunder. It rings from mountain to mountain, and echoes deep in the heart.
In many ways this trip completely and forever killed the fun and adventure of cross country road trips, at least for Di and me. We tried one after my return from Afghanistan but after only half of Iowa behind us, Di lost it about all the corn. I knew the cause, and regretted the loss of the Road Trip Adventure.
thrifty find, a favorite recipe or maybe it's decorating your home or a giveaway....
Sharing in her view was The View host Sherri Shepherd, who also seemed to be repressing her anger and wrote: ‘Looks like all is forgiven w Chris Brown. That’s all I’ll say.’
Dan Savage is sorta like a celebrity in the LGBT community. While he can be acerbic, sarcastic and rude that is what makes him so charming for me. His brainchild was the "It Get's Better" campaign where people like me tell young LGBT people what it is like getting older as an out person. I am typically loath to jump on these kinds of bandwagons that eventually every person in America jumps onto because I think they can come off as contrived and tacky. Yet here I go jumping on this one right along with our president and yes even Nancy Pelosi.
Once they were aboard the hulk, prisoners could expect to be robbed by the officers, their new cell mates, and threatened with flogging or the Black Hole for any breach of discipline. Prisoners with money could gain better conditions, but when a prisoner died, even his body could be sold for dissection.
But it’s a really great location, the units have everything that I could want including a cupboard full of free movies, a portable stereo, in fact so far touch wood (yep I just knocked on the only bit of wood close by, my hardened nut).
I arrived at Schoolgirl's house early. She and her boy toy were planning to dress me. Yes, I mean that literally. We have, uhm, a very "close" relationship these days. We giggled like crazy as we tore through my over night bag. I modeled, they chose. Time for cocktails!
which my son's team is participating in.
This is the point where you say, “I am not a designer. I will just hire a designer and they will do it.”
I think this is the first week, in several that one of my kids are not sick. We have had many sleepless nights dealing with all the coughs, ear infections, seizures, and teething. Some nights I just wasn't sure if one of the kids were actually sick, or just not feeling well. When they were sleeping I surely didn't want to touch them to take their temperature. That is where the RediScan No Touch Thermometer came in so handy.
I am moving to sud Tirol. The Italian bit with autonomy.
Soup: Mama's Chicken Noodle. This was great stuff. Packaged so I just needed to add boiling water, the broth was thick and full of flavour, and there were lots of veggies and noodles. Yum! I would definitely enjoy that at lunch everyday!
Road testers have praised the GT86 for being a fun back-to-basics sports car. Its modest 2.0 litre boxer engine produces just 197bhp, but combined with lightweight and a limited-slip diff it makes for an involving drive.
But for medico-legal purposes, it is imperative that these situations should be openly discussed, all the options fully explored and all the details fully documented.
I have to say: First, I thought even the full quotation not a good choice: It is not among King’s greatest remarks (others of which likewise are not absolutely original). Above all, though, unlike many others, it does not stand well on its own and really loses a great deal without the context of the sermon.
Join front neck line K-J and back neck line K-I as shown.
“Oh God, I can’t believe it! It’s a frickin’ text from him!!!”
Visness CM, Kennedy KI. Maternal employment and breast-feeding: findings from the 1988 National Maternal and Infant Health Survey. Am J Public Health 1997; 87: 945-950.
The No Points for Style Bad Ass Blogger Award is given for just one thing: bloggish bad-assery. If you read my blog, you know how highly I value honesty – the kind where a blogger spills her or his guts in such a way that we all remember that we’re never, ever alone in the world. This award is for bloggers who write posts that cut right to the heart of the human experience. It doesn’t have to be tragic or devastating or earth-shattering (though it may be); it just has to be real.I earned the privilege of wearing this badge with this post about the heinous PPD experience I had after the birth of my son. My guts are still hanging out all over the place from that post, and I'm proud to be "Bad Ass." So, thanks again Adrienne. No Points For Style is a highly recommended read for anybody who is affected by a child with mental illness, or anyone who wants to understand mental illness from an honest and raw inside perspective that is beautifully, poignantly written.
On planet does the Prof live?
The food was spectacular. Starting with then king crab salad (would have never thought crab and apple would be a great combination, but it was) and the A-MAZ-ING burrata (which Ryan described as luscious, which it was) and tomatoes. I could eat the buratta everyday, all day and not feel guilty about it one bit. Then there was the clam and chorizo "stew", the duck which was delicious and tender, ending with orange creme or root beer floats. The floats took me right back to childhood just in time to go home and pass out in the fetal position from the fantastic meal.
Add the salt, pepper and spices. Blend with an immersion (stick) blender for approximately 30 seconds. If you use a traditional blender, let the soup cool down a bit before blending and work in batches. Add the ham and cook uncovered for a further 3 or 4 minutes.
the small color wheel canvas sold
I understand what D & G say they will do for the author, but is the 15% net or retail on books sold? There is a difference here between publishers and paid-publishing services – one is a professional contract, and the other is a contract of service exposed to the rigours of customer care. It is the one area many publishing services fall short. We seem no closer to shoring up anomalies for the protection of authors’ rights.
Did you like it?
To wonder, "Do I dare?" and "Do I dare?"
she’s tryin to convince people that I profile like a psychopathic wack-a-doodle! (No offence to Doodles of any other kind.)
To exacerbate the situation, there is a dearth of social welfare benefits for Singapore citizens who have to depend entirely on their CPF and medisave for retirement and medical expenses.
531210 Offices of real estate agents & brokers
I would've loved to add some pressed and powdered neem seedcakes too before the pit is covered up again but I didn't get any this time. I think I'll add some later on but I wish it could've been done now. It would've driven away a lot of pests and diseases.
3- Spread the Word - post this as your FB status today: How can you bring Hope to youth living in poverty surrounded by HIV/aids in the squatter camps of South Africa? Get involved with Hope2Africa. Check out www.hope2africa.com to find out more about this amazing ministry!
And boy was it a star studded event! We hit the red carpet at approximately 7pm for our photo op which can be seen on the CBC live Face Book page. Then we took it upon ourselves to enjoy every last moment.
This is another wine that is real “warm” to drink. You instantly feel a warmth in the mouth when sipping, warmth on the way down, and then the warmth sticks around for a bit. Is this the Tannins? I’m still trying to figure out what exactly the tannins feel like….
- That's right. I remember you telling me that when we started dating. Called them my lucky stockings after that.
We are pigeons, and we like to coo.
I hope the next 3,5 years will be a great time!:D
Of course we should hand out condoms and show videos of all different types of sex positions and etcetera in school for sex education! Maybe even before 6th grade!
B: … it’s the doing of the head of the prosecution.
Nieman Journalism Lab talks with Minneapolis Star Tribune Publisher Michael Klingensmith about the newspaper’s strategy.
Tomorrow I’ll pick Laycee up at 11:30 and she’ll spend the rest of the day here. We’ll pick Michael up after school. I have a couple of errands to do in town…Laycee can help me with those. I wonder if she’ll notice the changes to the playroom!
So, I took my own regular homemade mac n cheese recipe and added a bunch of delicious things to it--black beans, corn, chili peppers, and bell peppers. I also added chili powder and just a bit of seasoning salt to bring out the flavors. In the end it needed a bit more flavor from the spices, but this recipe was a great start!
I didn't take a full body picture of what I wore, I wore Atelier Pierrot for all 3 days :D It's one of my favorite brands! It was busy at the booth so I wasn't able to have time to walk around and check out that any cosplays or even the other vendors.
Yup, we did! At 05:28 am (15:28 Zulu) this morning we crossed the Equator at longitude 149.00.55. No fireworks or bands playing, but we did celebrate with a glass of grog. We drank the very good 7-year old Cuban rum (had to - can't take it to the States); Neptune got a big shot of Tahiti rum - not very good, but expensive! It is nice to be back in the Northern Hemisphere.
Motorcycle Wedding: For all of you Harley lovers or chopper riders, this is a great theme wedding that is gaining in popularity. Show up to your wedding on a shiny chrome bike or ride off into the sunset afterward. Your cake topper could have a bride and groom riding motorcycles and your wedding dress could be white leather and lace (or you could save the leather and lace for the wedding night).
During dinner at our favorite sushi place, we started talking about Geocaching. Geocaching is a really neat activity. You look up Geocaching sites in your area on the website and use a gps to locate the cache. The cache is usually a small container filled with little trinkets and a log of who found the cache. You can remove an item from the cache but if you do, you have to add something to it. Sign the log and return the cache to its original location so the next adventurer can find it. We just got a new smart phone with a geocaching app for finding local, caches. It has a map, a compass and a gps locator. Even though I was in heels and all dolled up, I really wanted to go find at least one cache. I have always been a tree-climbing, digging-in-the-dirt kind of girl. There were several right by the restaurant so off we went to a local cemetery for our first cache.
**Harbinger’s beam vapourized everyone, but the shrubs somehow didn’t get even singed? Plus they are the same as in the dreams
Little Women (1949) ... TCM ... 8 AM
Easter Lily launched Garage key to Kerr murder inquiry Officer’s mother sorry for killers Mandela archive launched online Funding for Troubles victims to end Kevin Myers: You cannot have a political culture that cherry-picks the Ten Commandments; tolerate it, and others will do likewise Full body image scanners to be piloted by Prison Service Bring charges over corruption, says Martin Call for removal of portraits of politicians found to be ‘culpable’ SF seeks household levy payback Crime gangs ‘a bigger threat than IRA were’ ‘Unheard Voices’ of Troubles event in Coleraine Lewis welcomes Massereene Memorial Stone Vivid account of how the Titanic sank by survivor Jack Thayer, 17, resurfaces in time for centenary Historic day as 50 years of unionist rule ended Stockwell shooting: ‘I wanted to be dancer’, says paralysed six-year-old Thusha Who’s bankrolling Northern Ireland parties? Smithwick Tribunal: Former commissioner denies collusion
Fog in our gloves.
After Dez and Kale got away at Sumrun, her father lost not only his most powerful weapon but an important piece of the Supremacy project. Forced by Denazen to remedy the situation, he poisons Dez and offers her a choice—surrender to Denazen for the cure…or die. Determined to find a solution that doesn’t involve being bagged and tagged—or losing someone she loves—Dez keeps the poison a secret. But when a rash of Denazen attacks hit a little too close to home, Dez is convinced there’s a traitor among them. Jade.
Wow! I mean wow!
We wanted it SO badly.
As I walked through my Farmer's Market on Saturday morning, I thought about how lucky I am to live someplace with year-round Farmer's Markets and such great California produce. A friend of mine is moving back to Los Angeles after a few years on the East Coast. My message to the M family: Welcome back guys! Welcome back to the land of fresh delicious strawberries in November!
Anyway, I gathered these videos a couple of weeks ago, when I first learned that my favorite TV show – House M.D. – would soon exist only in the land of TV reruns. Maybe, just maybe, if you’ve been following this blog for a while and you’ve read my other posts on the subject, you might, possibly, be able to connect the dots between my attachment to this show and what I said in my first paragraph. But please, don’t stress over it. Instead, you should enjoy these videos while the malignant and mean spirited Gods of Youtube are still allowing me to post them:
“What’s that, daddy?”
As previously mentioned by Widhi and Anna, I think 3rd Line Butterfly/Nam Sangah would be a stunning add to the show because Nam Sangah’s a fantastic singer and will provide some out of the box melodic style. I also have to say that Yoon Mirae would be a powerful add to the show because she’s a heavily talented rapper and R&B singer and would provide a different element to the show with her confident rapping style. And I’m most on the same wavelength as Anna because I think itta’s vocal creativity would be an asset, Youjeen of Cherry Filter would provide the pop end of enormous range badass rock vocals, and Kim Banjang, well, he’d bring a rich palette of funk, soul, and reggae that’s gone missing post-Bobby Kim.
My dog Moon looked anxious; I could see that he wanted it more than me. Tail wagging and tongue a flopping like a big piece of expensive ham. Moon likes his company, bit of a chat and some music. It’s all about the interaction with him.
The authors conclude that we need to put banking and finance under democratic control. They point out, “Debt is not a problem when put to productive use to create credit which facilitates physical investment and material transformation via infrastructure, care services, or manufacturing, as the basis for economic advancement and social improvement.”
How do you deal with competitors who do not share your values and who employ ungodly methods to harm you? Remember the words of Jesus, “But I say to you, love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you” (Matthew 5:44).
Armed as I was with a paperback copy of Faulkner's third novel, Sartoris, which boldly displayed a photo of Faulkner on the back cover, I knew for certain that this was Faulkner and that he was lying through his teeth, all in the hope of banishing the two students who had disturbed his afternoon nap. In deference to the Nobel Prize winner, however, and with due respect for his menacing bloodhounds, Anthony and I apologized for our intrusion and politely asked the gentleman to please give Mr. Faulkner our best wishes. We then promptly departed, plotting our next move as we drove away.
There are a good range of shades available from very dark (Toffee) to very light (Ivory) with both pink and yellow undertones covered. The shade I have is Light Beige which really suits me.
If your organization has problems relating with staff, customers, or other stakeholders, those problems are likely to be magnified by using social computing. Be honest with yourself when assessing your organiz­ation’s readiness to openly relate with a large group of your stakeholders.
NONFICTION BOOK: mini-challenge
Phreak: In my mind, Teemo’s already gotten buffs.
He is still as determined as ever. And I’m starting to believe again that one day it WILL happen.
Then one day you end up in Emergency
1960 Princess Margaret, sister of Queen Elizabeth II, married Anthony Armstrong-Jones at Westminster Abbey in London. It was the first televised royal wedding and was watched by more than 20 million viewers.
Darling!
As we were driving down the highway towards Port Aransas, TX, I started thinking about hurricanes and wondering how many had actually hit this area. I have to say that sometimes I love having an ipad!
The Mayan calendar spans a period of 5,126 years and happens to end on December 21, 2012. To many, this means that the Mayans had privy knowledge about the ultimate fate of the world. To me, it means that Mayan calendar salesmen didn't have many repeat customers.
They might emigrate for reasons such as: to broaden their personal experiences, to provide better opportunities for their children, for career or career promotions, for health reasons, to be closer to other family members, to escape persecution, to enjoy better weather or a higher standard of living, or even simply because they just want to experience something different.
Owl Notebook. It’s essential to my being. Leanne gave me this one because my other was looking a little worse for the wear. You never know when you’ll need to write something down. A good idea, grocery list…you know.
On Monday, we headed to the Kalahari, for the third annual Unschoolers Winter Waterpark Gathering! We took Timmy along for the ride, since his family was leaving a bit later in the day, and he wanted to have as much time as possible there! On the way, we spotted the official Girls Gone Wild bus. Seriously. We found that hilarious!
The fork in the road.
If this program goes according to plan, Pahlow hopes it can eventually expand courses to other district high schools.
The Connecticut NAACP came out Wednesday against a controversial bill that would enable the the state’s 19 largest cities and towns to install cameras at intersections to issue tickets to red light violators, saying the proposal would unfairly target “minorities and the poor” who live in larger municipalities.
7:50 Check another set of chores done and apologize that yes kids are having cereal again this morning as some of them finish their chores.
G&M: We get to play for 1/2 an hour afterward.
Len liked it – it had flair and it had attitude, but he bends forward and sticks out his bum. Bruno said he was very determined and very focused but his frame was bad. Carrie Ann loved how in character he was, but also commented on needing to improve his frame.
1/4 cup cocoa powder
I know you both will be kind, funny, wise, sensitive, interesting, and a ball of fire! Your parents are all of these things!
I gave up all those things as well. When I finally got around to considering my options for the new year, I realized just how much I had neglected for work. I had fallen into complacency with all the other components of my life. I tried to avoid certain demons, only to run into a whole set of other ones. I think I picked tunnel vision over balance because my fears were generally conjured over my career goals.
Three, Moskowitz decided where to put the school, not DOE. At no time did DOE assess any needs, or ask any District 15 representatives what the district's needs were.
Most investments
And with that, Day 010 was finished.
Without you I’m gone…
When protesters attempted to march from their communities to the commons on Friday, they were met by a state apparatus which was geared for a siege. The response was allegedly coordinated at a provincial level with police stationed around the city to reroute buses and deny access to the area. The marchers who did make it to the commons were greeted by officers from the South African Police Service (SAPS) in RoboCop body armour, as well as Casspir armoured vehicles and water cannons. 40 protesters at the commons were arrested on the spurious charge of public violence. Those arrested complained that the police used vicious restraint tactics such as aiming for the kidneys and attempting to break arms. Video footage also shows police using riot shields to plough into a small group of seated demonstrators.
In Tamale (where I live now) fufu is usually made with a mixture of yam and cassava (or sometimes even plantain – as the south of Ghana prefers). I can’t say it is anywhere near as delicious as the 100% yam fufu I grew accustomed to in Kpandai. I’ll just have to go back sometime soon!
2006 was an interesting year for Betsy and me. My job ended since I didn’t want to move to Memphis and so I retired instead.
I start my morning commute from my temporary abode in Monongah, West Virginia. Monongah is about 2 hours south of Pittsburgh. After you get off of the interstate at Fairmont, you drive 10 minutes on a road that runs along a creek. I often visualize driving into that creek after a freezing rain. I guess sliding would be a better word. It would be so easy. But, it is through the woods and you do get to drive past Captain Boothes grave. That is important because he haunts the damn place. If you don’t believe me, drive on out there some night at midnight. You will see him. He’ll be easy to spot…well, because he would be the ghost.
below information to facilitate mailing the payment to you so as to have this
DE: Jared Odrick; Olivier Vernon; Jonathan Freeny
1 handful (approximately 20 small leaves) sage, chopped
“Light bless for you too!” she called out half-heartedly. She assumed he wouldn’t have heard anyway.
old clothes.
12. MICHAEL HOLDING (WI) Right Arm Fast (1972-89)
Life is like a box of chocolate, cause you never know what you’ll get. Look ahead and try your best. When you really want something, the whole world conspires to help you get it.
Just a little post to hello to all of you out there...I have missed you.
Winder C. Reproductive and chromosomal effects of occupational exposure to lead in the male. Reprod Toxicol 1989; 3: 221-233.
Here’s a picture of our pretzel girl. She used to raise her both legs like this when she was sitting on a stroller at the age between 3 months and 12 months. My first child never did that.
His 1982 album, “Thriller,” is the world’s most selling album of all-time. His other records, including “Off the Wall,” “Bad,” and “Dangerous,” are also ranked among the top selling records EVER. This guy was extremely talented, not only in the states, but abroad, as well. Jackson is also ranked as the second most-selling artist of all time.
Thanks for joining us with the Birds Challenge we saw some beautiful work from all of you.
As the woman opened her letter she cried, even sobbed. Then she stated something like, “My father has never in my life written me a letter.” She began to cry harder realizing her father loved her enough to write to her. The letter her father wrote encouraged her. He told her he had faith in her and reminded her of her strength. He finished the letter by telling her he loved her. She was overwhelmed with emotion. She was thankful. She was at peace.
While I haven't tried any of the Taketsuru line, I recently compared two Nikka blends and found them both quite drinkable (taking them neat of course).
Want a real business advantage? A real, true, surefire advantage ain't nobody can take away from you?
Feyder gives us a wonderfully rich portrayal of both the town and the visiting Spaniards, finding time to insert numerous piquant details, such as the soldier and townsman who find themselves exchanging needlework tips. It's very consciously a series of tableaux, with the opening sections and later tavern sequences evoking Breughel's paintings of exuberant village life; Breughel the younger appears in the film as both a painter and a young lover, giving Feyder the opportunity to create a literal tableau vivant as we watch the young artist attempt to wrangle a collection of town busbybodies into place for posterity.
Each hand stamped silver necklace and jewelry piece is hand made to order. Lauren Nicole Gifts has hand made lots of unique hand stamped jewelry pieces to include hand stamped silver jewelry, monogrammed jewelry, initial necklaces, name necklaces, gold jewelry and charm necklaces.
1- 2 Tbs olive oil
While the photos were lovely, and while I may decide to buy a copy of the book just to have the text--the words, often by the artists themselves, about why they do what they do--the artwear in the book left me cold. And as I turned page after page, I realized that it's not artwear that interests me. Artwear is exactly what it says it is: art + wear, art to wear, with the emphasis on the "art." People think I love art because of what I do: write about artists. But it's not the art that interests me; it's the artist, the process, the inspiration. I don't really much care about the finished piece. Oh, sure--I love art. I like it more than sports or tv or cars or most other things. But it's the process behind the art that I love. And pieces of art designed to suggest that they might be worn once in a while? They do not do it for me.
I created this great resource to teach Spanish Past Tense in my classroom and my kids have a blast and learn a lot!
and saw standing behind you reflecting in water
As we all know, beauty is in the eye of the beholder or the beer holder (as my husband would say). However, as I sat under the dryer waiting for my color to process, I flipped through a recent issue of Elle magazine and what I found with in the 200 pages or so was an amazing amount of "beauty".
And that's one of those little nuggets of wisdom one picks up along the way.
Here's the new scoop:
Well of course it’s self promotional! That’s what good marketing is!
Entries will be compiled using Google Docs and the winner will be chosen using Random.org.
Make the custard according to the package instructions (use sugar as instructed on the package). Let it cool down to room temperature. Whip the cream to soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue whipping for a few more minutes. Fold together the custard with the whipped cream and add drops of vanilla. Place in a freezer safe container in freezer. After about 2-3 hours, when the ice cream starts to set, churn it into your food processor or mixer and return the ice cream back to the freezer. After 1 hour , when the ice cream is slightly set, swirl the balsamic strawberries into the ice cream. Leave to set overnight. Soften slightly by taking out of the freezer 10 minutes before serving.
Track everyone in the process.
If you'd like to promote the Record Club, you can display the banner below by pasting the code onto your own blog.
Rating : General
Half of my life
If you want one good whiskey to start the afternoon, before you're just tossing stuff past your gums -- and remember, if you do drink whiskey, please pace yourself, you can't drink it like beer! -- take a moment to savor a nip of Redbreast, or Bushmills 16, or some smoky Connemara, or maybe a Midleton Very Rare. More money, but blessed be Jesus, well worth it.
Sunday: 8 miles
Hoffman: The Iconoclastic Craftsman,
“So we are changing.
Last year I was asked to be part of the Scrapbooking Memories Magazine creative team and little did I know that it would introduce me to two of the sweetest people who were also part of the team... Gail Linder and Kim Jeffress.
So we're still back to not trying to do anything but leaning more towards the trying to prevent a pregnancy. Its so much easier that way.
this has gone viral everywhere the past day or two, so hopefully you've already seen it, but if you haven't - it takes a few minutes to watch. its thirty minutes. its worth every second.
7. Being on stage is something to be enjoyed, and dance is the what makes him derives the most joy from. The title is just to attraction people to watch, you should only believe in what you see.
The main things you need to know about The Spider character can be found in this Wikipedia article. Like Batman, he's a rich playboy who's trained himself to be a skilled masked vigilante. Unlike Batman, though, his villains don't tend to come back again and again, because The Spider blows them to hell with his twin .45 automatics., usually while laughing like a maniac.
Mom's in the kitchen baking pies.
The injured teenager said he believed the attack was “racial”.
With the help of Friedman, Herschell created a script, got together a cadre of actors, and in just nine days put together a bright, colorful, broadly (and horribly) acted tale that indeed made the most of what the human body had to offer, namely blood.
Admission is also free, but it keeps the owner of the Griffin happy if you buy a drink or two.
We learned how to make a living but not how to live.
If you have set up a session to record your loved one’s memories, it’s ok to make it two-sided and tell some of your own stories. But it’s also important to be a patient listener. Even if your family member struggles to find the right words at first or talks very slowly, keep listening. Your patience may be rewarded with a wonderful anecdote or memory.
85 billion Mickles =1 Merkel or, as they say in Brussels, “Many a mickle makes a merkel.”
9) "I understand what you mean, with our first one it took two months to get pregnant."
~ Cristina Carlino
So black sheep Lindsey vs fresh faced Ashley. Ashley chose You and I, an odd choice… she is anything BUT Gaga. However, her vocas were strong. Lindsey picked an emotional little known song and stuck true to her art. Christina cried alot. Too much. She cried to make a spectacle, not becasue her heart was breaking. In the end, she chose the more unique artist in Lindsey Pavao.
Wow, so this chapter is a bit topsy-turvy. It starts out, literally, all sunshine and rainbows as God tells Noah about his decision from last chapter to never do this whole flood thing again. It’s worth noting that God now gives Noah and his family the ability to eat meat for food, which shows that people until now had been vegetarian (this echo’s Genesis 2, in which God tells Adam that he can eat of any green thing, but doesn’t mention eating animals).
1 cup instant rice
I’m trying to remember what mindset I was in yesterday and how it prompted me to do something like that. I would bet that if I’d attempted such a stunt in my more normal state, I would’ve stopped right away.
isaiah 58:11-12
A post on the ASHS Facebook page thanks supporters, including Richard Dawkins and New Humanist magazine, and states the following:
Linda H has decided to share her good fortune! See ... Lucky Linda won my BD Draw this year ... and she also won it last year ,,, so at her request ... she suggested that I draw another winner from the Lucky Tin.
Here’s more:
I walked into the salon, the music was pumping and the place was decked out with faux head models wearing every flavor and size of wig, hair extension and several headpieces that involved various fruits and feathers. MA Fat Woman--you ain't in North Georgia no more, I thought to myself. As I stood with mouth agape staring at one particular headpiece that seemed to sway with the rhythm of the music a snappily-dressed Hispanic man munching on tortilla chips came out from the back. "Hola', you like hair sculptures?" he said with a sweep of his hand.
is superiorly figured in unseemly forms of negation and unlikeness, for these alone at once properly conceal the truth of this nature and provide authentic or do-it-yourself access to it: “the wise men of God . . . honor the dissimilar shape so that the divine things remain inaccessible to the profane and so that all those with a real wish to see the sacred imagery may not dwell on the types as true. . . . I myself might not have been stirred . . . to my current inquiry
Forced to a snails’ pace until GE-13 is over
"I told myself I would NEVER have a blog, but after seeing all the wonderful cards that others' had, I just had to make a blog myself and share my cards - so here I am. I grew-up a dairy farmer in Alliance Ohio (if the name Yoder doesn't give it away) and I miss the country and farming very much. I love to make cards with a farm theme or cows on them. I have a WONDERFUL husband and two beautiful step-children and also a super cute three-legged dog named Buttons (she lost her leg because of a tractor accident) but she doesn't even know she's missing a leg; she runs so fast and is just an amazing, loving puppy. Thanks for stopping by and looking at my cards and for any comments left. It really is an honor."
And that day Johan buried his face in a mountain
And this doesn't go for just R movies alone, but movies in general (and books too, for that matter); and even things with excessive violence or sensual content. Is what you're watching worthless? Is it pure entertainment, a waste of your time? Or are there redeeming qualities that make the watching worth those two hours?
Little old lady who enjoys the park
The Ladies of Hip-Hop Festival needs your help!
I love cookbooks, however, I rarely follow the recipes exactly (except when baking) or I make something like the peach salsa with no recipe. There are many fabulous websites with a variety of recipes. I plan to can peach jelly in the next day or two.
in fact, i'm going out on a limb and saying i don't care at all that i'm 40.
I was sitting and thinking back at a time that I did challenge myself and surprised myself. It's actually one of my greatest memories so far. We were in Puerto Rico celebrating our 10-year anniversary and we took a catamaran ride from the main island to one of the smaller islands. First off, I got on a boat! A pretty small boat, if I do say so myself. See, I don't swim and I am TERRIFIED of deep water. The boat ride was about 45 minutes until it stopped so everyone could snorkel. HA! Snorkel? Well, I can't do that. BUT, I did try. I put on the floaty and the flippers and the mask and attempted to put my face in the water. Unfortunately the fear swelled up in me and I decided to get back on the boat. But everyone was surprised that I had tried, most especially me.
What was I missing? Please, I need to know!
Some express their passion for politics by camping out along Bruinwalk with flyers and signs; others pass by still as unregistered voters. Some students walk around with campaign stickers plastered to their backpacks, while others don’t even know where they can go to cast their vote. And to be honest, I was kind of lost myself.
Amazing!! This really makes a difference in the living room. Not only will we have more space, but it looks sooooo cool and modern!!
It’s troubling, to say the least, picturing the President ordering unilateral military force with the Nobel Peace Prize dangling around his neck.
Childhood trauma and abuse lead to PTSD and, over a lifetime, PTSD can look like many, many things. This is well documented in psychiatric world. PTSD can lead to eating disorders, self harm, substance abuse, and repeated poor choices in life. PTSD at various times in life can come out as depression, anger, and anxiety. It can look like bipolar disorder, and is often misdiagnosed and treated as such. Until the PTSD is faced, treated, and defeated, it can look and behave like so many things that are only red herrings. Of course, childhood trauma and abuse that leads to substance abuse, or other self defeating behaviors, does not factor in any genetic components, also so important to acknowledge. That a child who lives in an alcoholic home is more apt to be traumatized as a child goes without saying, and certainly in this case, you have trauma mixed neatly with unfortunate genetics.
On my return yesterday I went to check my very crowded inbox and also to check up on what had been happening in the health world: I was struck by the "cloistered" world that we seem to build up around ourselves even though we now claim to have made the world a smaller place through social media. By that I mean that health has become a means to an "end" - being 100% well - which is itself both fragile and finite. Whilst standing in an ancient Abbey and looking at the tomb of Richard the Lionheart, a childhood hero of mine, the thought struck me that he must have thought that he was "invincible" too and probably never doubted that he would live to "make old bones". And Elanor of Aquitaine also - she who was not only married to the King of France, but followed that up by marrying the King of England, which means that she must have been some "lady"! But even she lies in a gilded coffin.
Dubstep is an electronic genre that grew out of the South London underground music scene in the late 1990s, but it’s only made an emergence in mainstream culture globally in the last few years. It’s a mix of the heavy drums and bass from DnB with the syncopated rhythms of 2-step. (Thanks Wikipedia). The style is characterised by sparse rhytms, omnipresent sub-bass, wobble bass – wub wub wub – and, of course, the bass drop: that amazing moment when the song crashes into sublime, insane bass wobbles and freaky ear-splitting screeches.
you aren't yet registered in the gallery, sign up only takes a couple of minutes. If you do not use ODBD stamps, then you can post to your blog or another publicly viewable online gallery and share the link here in the comment section.
The gateways are in various stages of repair/disrepair. Three of the gateways are in very good condition with the entrance gateway being the best maintained. Only one gateway is in ruins. When I asked the guide for the reason as to why only one gate had been left in a ruined state, in an otherwise well-maintained monument, he said that since this gate opened into the town of Sikandra, and no tourists entered from there, there was really no need to restore it !
So bottom line here is log your food for successful weight loss!
San Diego Museum of Fine Art in California presents an exhibition called Dyeing Elegance: Asian Modernism and the Art of Kūboku and Hisako Takaku which opened earlier this month. The artist Kuboku Takaku (1908–1993) perfected the ancient Japanese technique of wax-resist dyeing to create textile paintings on obi, kimono, and screens, merging cubist and modernist styles. His daughter Hisako (born 1944) is now one of the last living artists who preserves the knowledge of this painstaking dyeing technique, and her obi and kimono continue to be among the most chic and sought-after throughout Japan. In this exhibition 71 obi, kimono, and other textile paintings of Kuboku and Hisako Takaku have been borrowed from museums and collectors and are on display outside of Japan for the first time.
“Ana, look at me.”
To kill
An abridged version (54 min) is commonly circulating as "Jul 1971, El Monte Legion Stadium". This source 99 min A-/B+
Forest City Ratner's funding of BUILD helps people get job training, but that funding is made possible--indirectly--by significant government subsidies to the developer. Forest City Ratner just got another $31 million in cash for property acquisition. That frees up a lot of money for the questionable CBA.
Starting with greenery allows you to create the "framework" to hold the other flowers in place.
One of these days, I will be able to look outside and really see the accomplishment of hard work that I have put into the yard. Hours are spent weeding, raking, planting...and it is never work for me. I think if I had my way, I would be out in the yard all day long. There is just something so spiritual about being in the midst of nature. It seems easier to tap into that when you're right in the middle of it. I sometimes have to remind myself that all that wonder exists when I am stuck inside scrubbing a floor or doing the dishes. Yet, I know that I can find the spiritual side in those simple things too. It's just that I have to remind myself to do so a bit more.
The wicket became 'ashes', hence the name.
What made them so remarkable was the guitar playing of Spathas. Even today listening to the solos he played in 1972 I still can't believe the music he was making. Brent Lambert of Kitchen Mastering, quite a guitar player himself, after hearing several Spathas solos from thirty years ago said "If this guy had come to America he would be a guitar hero and everyone would know his name." If you liked the way Hendrix, Ritchie Blackmore, Jimmy Page and Eddie Van Halen play you will love Spathas and if you play guitar yourself you will wonder "If this was thirty years ago and he is still playing how good must he be now?"
I have written my Top Ten teaching thoughts for worship pastors to share with their teams—to give you some absolutes to pass on to those entrusted to your care.
Neurotypical communication 4.6 Average
Why no one should overlook the extremely big limits in the ways in which Hollande would be an improvement on Sarkozy; still it would be great to drive the corrupt racist warmonger anti-worker politician Sarkozy out of the presidential palace. And out of politics altogether (which Sarkozy has promised if he would lose the presidency. It is to be hoped that will become the only promise which Sarkozy has ever kept).
Use your campground directories to look up the kind of government campgrounds you plan to frequent. See if they have any size limitations that would preclude the size RV you are considering.
But I stuck with it, determined to postpone an epidural as long as possible. On the advice of the nurse and Jodie, I tried different positions, techniques...None of them improved my ability to focus and manage the pain, and in fact I think I lost my center once I stopped listening to the playlist and watching my timer like I'd been doing the first 45 minutes. At about 5:10, only an hour after they had started hurting, I, feeling lame, turned to Jodie and Joe and asked them if I was a coward if I was ready to give in and ask for an epidural. They asked me what I wanted them to tell me... And the thought of enduring only 1.5 minute breaks for every 1-minute wave of pain... and the disheartening news that I wasn't very dilated anyway and would maybe have to feel this pain for HOURS yet--- I caved. I gave in. I said I wanted them to tell me it was okay to ask for the epidural. They were both so sweet about it, telling my I was not GIVING UP--- it was okay... And I needed them to reassure me of that. I felt so bummed. But we paged the nurse and made the call. I expected to have to wait 45 minutes or longer like I did with Noah, but the anesthetist arrived a lot faster than I expected and I was able to get the epidural started by 5:30 or so. It was HARD to sit still for the procedure! Yowza! I was VERY loud at that time, since without being able to move, vocalizing was the only way I could manage the pain. Finally, about 5:45, the epidural was in and the edge came off the contractions. BUT. I never got 100% comfy. I felt the most uncomfortable tingling and pressure almost immediately. It wasn't the same pain as unmedicated contracting, but it was never total non-feeling like my epidural with Noah. This crazy sensation, terribly unpleasant with every close-together contraction, made me feel like I had to empty my bladder, so at 6:00pm, the nurse came in to administer a catheter and check my progress. It turns out that all that odd sensation was my body deciding to get the show on the road. I went from a 3 to a 6 between the epidural and the catheter, and while she checked me, I jumped to an 8. From 4:00pm-6:00pm, 3cm-8cm. Crazy.
I hope you will check what other girls on the team made for this challenge and join us!
- 1 tsp grated ginger
Anxious, excited, nervous, and ready to jump out of my skin, that is what I was feeling on the train ride to Voronezh! Just knowing we were getting closer and closer to our baby girl. It is a hard thing to say in words, the feeling of wondering will she remember us, has she thought of us, will she love us and will she know that we are her parents. Will she feel how much we love her and how much we want to take her home and give her the life that she deserves.
About Promoting the Public Voting Poll:
Research from Kammeyer-Mueller and Wanberg shows that higher job satisfaction and commitment, both of which can impact performance, result from good organizational socialization. Employees in today’s workforce want to feel they have an impact in their work, know they’re making a difference in the organization, and see career growth opportunities in their jobs. The more they feel valued, the more engaged and productive they’ll be and the more likely they’ll stick around. Clearly retaining productive staff is a key business driver in today’s competitive marketplace. Creating a good first impression through onboarding will help make employees feel valued and assimilated into an organization’s culture.
"They're tearing everything down. It's no accident that blood transfusions transmit AIDS, you know."
I did a little science experiment in my kitchen last weekend. I can't say I necessarily recommend these methods, since I'm fairly certain that one wrong move would have sent hot wax and boiling water all over me... But luckily that didn't happen and you can try this at your own risk.
You’ve got my TwoCents! Share your TwoCents, comments, and feedback below! Can you believe there are only two episodes left until the spring finale?
Reality is just your perception.
A child can carry, it do it no harm
MBL
Highlights – We got to see the annoying tickle fight. He lost to a submission hold.
"Yes and I played and played!"
Steve raised the radio volume and rolled down his window. He was exhausted as it was, and the long somnolent drive south on I-81 was not helping. He had begun to nod off twice already. He thought that perhaps the cold December air rushing in on his face and the loud music would help keep him awake.
The big takeaway for these editors is: Librarians are a great resource for journalists. I hope students will consult the library resource page I created for them, and I look forward to working with them in person as they edit the Carrboro Commons and the Durham Voice this semester.
In Never Without Hope, Hope and James Williams are experiencing intimacy issues. Hope feels neglected and insecure, and falls into an adulterous affair with a man she meets on a plane. This man, Tony Perotta, lives in the same small town where Hope and her family live. Things get sticky when both their spouses find out about the affair, bringing about even more complications. All along Hope is sick about what she’s been doing, yet, she can’t seem to stop. As a Christian, she is ashamed to bring her plight to God. But she needs to do some serious repentance before she loses everyone important to her.
I enjoyed this color combo and I can't wait to see what everyone else comes up with! The DP is from the collection of DCWV Nana's Kitchen.
Grace Kelly, one of the most influential style icons of the 20th Century, is the subject of a major exhibition which opens this weekend at the V & A in London. A movie star who became a real-life princess, she is the perfect example of what it means to be stylish: although she followed fashion, she was always true to her distinctive, ladylike look. Only very rarely did she deviate from the streamlined, unfussy suits and dresses which she knew suited her.
Help to bring the nations peace;
So he packed the board and then used his own vote as a tie-breaker. All apparently perfectly legal …
-My internet is driving me crazy! Being in the sticks, we are allowed a 500MB allowance per day, if we go over our internet slows down to a crawl for the next 24hours until it refills. Lately we have been going over like every other day, and I do not know why! Huge crazy downloads are eating up our allowance, and then we get shut down. I have a techy guy investigating!
Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys was born in 1979, just more than a decade after Dr. John’s debut album, Gris Gris, a classic slice of psychedelic New Orleans voodoo weirdness. It’s safe to say that most people who weren’t around in 1968 only know Dr. John as a New Orleans institution who shows up in The Band’s Last Waltz movie and at
We used to lie on the grass on summer nights and throw sticks into the air to watch the silhouettes of bats swoop toward them against the dark night sky. Looking up we were, with heads tilted back. . .like this.
Are you going to take advantage of any of these deals? Leave a comment and let me know what you would use these coupons for. There are so many possibilities! Also, let me know what you think about my Frugal Friday posts. Love them or hate them? I'd love your feedback. Thanks, and have a great weekend!
Two weeks ago, President Aquino fired Deputy Ombudsman Emilio Gonzalez III. Last week, Deputy Ombudsman Mark Jalandoni resigned. These developments have prompted Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez to stay saying, “The captain must not abandon a sinking ship.”
I want to talk about the dreaded escapee muffin top.
Rusi: If you had to listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be? BTW, I really love you guys and the blog. You guys are my homepage!
Stage one: Fill the kettle and set to boil. Melt a knob of butter over a low heat and heat the garlic in it until fragrant. Then add the vegetable stock, and boil until the reduced by 2/3.
You need to know when you need your step lift you require it NOW. The last thing any individual desires to be doing is looking from the phone book. Phoning firm following company should it be late at night you will simply obtain a mobile phone giving an answer to support, little support . Ever made a scheduled appointment with a company that will never ever turned up! We’ve many times, returning to where you started you should receive the phone book away guild wars 2 gold again.
I love you, Dad.
4 – 6 p.m. Brooklyn Brewery, Sampling in the Beer Department
The man looked peaceful except for the growing pool of dark blood haloing his head, and of course the mess where his face had been, but in Mackinson’s opinion that was a decided improvement. He pocketed the camera. He never questioned Bartleby's instructions, nor asked for reasons. Of course he presumed there must have been a reason why Bartleby wanted this man dead, but not knowing what it might be Mac added a couple of his own for good measure. Anyone who called themselves "Bubba" and wore white socks with brown loafers deserved all they got, he mused. And anyone who did that to a woman …
slick hair cuts and quifs were rife
I hope you will keep in touch. I can still be found plenty of other places:
She walks behind you facing your backside gyrating against your sexy ass.
If the project goes ahead, it will mean a significant downgrading for “the last unspoilt beach land on the south coast” and “the last remaining major coastal pre-history site in Barbados”, according to the professors.
Finally, I found some amazing fabric last week that worked perfectly with the robin's egg blues, browns and tans. I loved the paisley pattern and wanted those pillows out front, but I also think the more neutal coloured geometric flower pattern works well for the other pillows.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepting and allowed myself to retrain myself to walk in self honesty.
The final sentence is also very important. The canny banks had security for all the money owed them. They would be first in the queue for payment if the company collapsed. Many might have lost money in Pattison's, but the banks didn't. See that they're still claiming that they would be able to pay all their creditors in full? Was that a deliberate lie or just misplaced optimism?
Some fun Homer Simpson Beer Quotes:
A garage rock band that originated in Warsaw, Poland but now living in London. They've got a lo-fi punk sound that conjures recollections of the Stooges. Damned near the whole cassette is fuzzed out and driven by rhythmically pounding drums; something I'll never tire of. Perhaps one of the most compelling tracks is a cover of "I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend" by the Ramones. It's got some lovely guitar between more excited and frenzies that reminds me of the Velvet Underground. Not to suggest their own songs aren't pretty righteous garage punk, for they're terribly catchy and brief affairs. Some of the tracks are for free, but the EP on a whole is $5 and I hear there's to a cassette release sometime. Additionally there's a couple of really lo-fi tracks for free on the Self-Hating Jew mini EP. And if you're wondering where you might've seen these guys before Comrade Ongakubaka already posted about them.
When they had hamburgers, I had a hamburger
I knew I wouldn’t be able to run or anything today, but I’m still disappointed. After not running at all last weekend, and then only going two miles yesterday and doing nothing today, I feel kinda gross. I have a plan for a strong end to the week, though, so I’m optimistic that I’ll feel better and more efficient in a few days.
and sparkling eyes
I was just perusing the photos...thought maybe I'd add a few. All I seem to have lately are pictures of the 9 turkeys who have taken up residency in the back yard. Guess I need to get busy!
He curls his lip, he lies in wait,
In just three days he has inspected every drawer and cupboard in Grandma's house that is within his reach, reinspecting as necessary.
Compelling Jonas onward is the desire to know something of his brother who died under curious circumstances in front of a train. The cause of his death is particularly curious because, in the course of his discovery, Jonas learns that Paul had a rather intense love affair with another boy.
1 pound frozen frog legs
“Pocahontas Samincha ” (Blessed in Quechua) 15th Century Machu Picchu Inspired “Pocahontas Samincha ”(means Blessed in Quechua) are: handmade of antiqued metal, seed bead, filigree , Coral, swarovski, crystal and Love ♥
What can a restaurant blogger say about a place like Paparico’s?
Phew! That is the last post about soap I'll do for a while. I do want you to make your own soap but if you're not prepared to read, understand and follow the process to the exactly, then maybe this simple living task is not for you. If you get past the first soap making session and it results in good soap, I'm sure you'll go on to make it many more times. This is good soap, it's worth a bit of time, planning and effort. Good luck!
If you're looking for advice or ideas or even just to feel like you're not alone in this struggle, I hope that today's post and these links have inspired you. Also, I'd *love* for you to share: what are some things you do to help manage your time? Is there any type of activity you find useful when it all starts to feel overwhelming? How do you organize and fit together the many facets of your life? Are there any great posts on this subject that you've written or read and would like to share?
Good for Mary, I say: she got herself noticed, albeit not entirely in a positive way.
I reminded myself that I could still get up and leave at any time. Couldn’t I…?
Explaining to an almost three year old that my belly won't be going anywhere anytime soon and that it will soon be replaced with someone who will rock his world even more is nearly impossible. It seems like little brother or sister is already getting a head start in marking their territory. Poor big brother has no idea what is about to hit him!
This is what I have started with all those strings.
Prediction 2: Progressives will not engage in the slightest bit of introspection. It will never occur to them to think, "Gee, if the science wasn't really settled about heart disease, could the science really be settled about, say, global warming?"
All their shows (except Allegro) employed the Fourth Wall, and this created a dilemma when it came to solos, musical soliloquies. If a character is going to just stand there and tell us what he or she is feeling, how do you justify that in a naturalistic world with a Fourth Wall? You can call it an "interior monologue" but it still feels unnatural.
I took the week off from work to spend some quality time with the family and to sort of "re-claim" my life! It has been so long since I have been able to just relax...and BLOG :)
Greetings from sunny Calgary, Alberta Canada! Tammy here and I hope you are enjoying the warm summer sun. Coming from a city that has more winter than summer (we had 8 months of winter last year) you know that I am soaking up as much as I can :)
There will undoubtedly be plenty else happening in the world at the same time. So it looks like we’re about to enter a pretty exciting time in this most exciting of years. For my part, if I’m not publishing quite as much as I have, chances are I’m resting.
The book's innovative structure echoes Huichols' own approach to knowledge and examines the nation and state, not just the community. Liffman's local, regional, and national perspective informs every chapter and expands the toolkit for researchers working with indigenous communities. By describing Huichols' ceremonially based placemaking to build a theory of "historical territoriality," he raises provocative questions about what "place" means for native peoples worldwide.
vucubcaquix: Well, I know for a fact that I’m going to be watching this. In fact, I think I’m going to have to start Utena as well, heh heh.
Once I saw that it was from Japan, I squealed with delight because I only have one friend in Japan and yes, sure enough, wonderful Ayumi sent me a darling little gift.
TOTF is in Section 3 of Blackmoor - Underworld & Wilderness Adventures. It's just kind of "there," with no instructions or explanation of how to use it. It's grand, wonderful, gonzo - and at the same time maddeningly frustrating. If I was a new DM back in the 1970's and I decided to run my players through this adventure, I think it would be a difficult task indeed. Has anyone out there successfully used the module as written? Just curious.
Southern Tier Back Burner was very similar to the Cincinnati Collaboration beer week ale. I think it had a bit more bite, but that probably had to do with it not being 6 weeks old. I think what made this beer so session-able was it's great balance. From what I perceive, most Barleywine style beers are over the top and aggressive with the hops. The focus on the creamy, sweet malt and hop balance really makes this winter seasonal a must try!
goodies used:
Archived entries are also accepted...
I think this method of using one strap per handle is a little easier than trying to make sure that FOUR handle straps are all even and equidistant. But, again: I'm a lazy crafter. The potential drawback to this method is that the strap sits right in the middle of the purse, so it could get in the way of the ...
Not only is such a circumstance unfair to the organizer, it is also a disservice to members of the public who were unable to enter the hall for the conference.
Due to the lodge’s location, the meals are fixed and eaten in a shared dining room with the other guests. As we walked the trail to the dining room we noticed that there were crabs scampering throughout the property. During dinner, there were crabs roaming under the tables, over walls, on people’s backpacks, and on the grass. Later as we went to bed, these crabs were crawling around the tent, under the tent and even on the tent. You almost couldn’t walk around outside without stepping on one. In the bathroom and showers, they were climbing the door jambs, walls, and fixtures. It was entertaining to watch these five inch purplish-orange critters sideways walk wherever they pleased with complete disregard of our presence. At one point we wondered if they were planning to take over the world.
Have we got anything in common?
I haven't posted any recipes or knitting for a while, but I hope to get back on track with things soon.
The expression of love, far from being a simple matter, even under the most advantageous of circumstances, tasks us even more in consideration of the incongruity of our temporal lives. The strength and power of passionate feelings inspired by intense emotional involvement magnify the struggle a hundred-fold. Even as we tend to each other in the most caring and gentle way, sharing our thoughts and feelings, and especially when we open ourselves to each other, we collide with temporal reality in ways that make us long for some sort of alternate universe in which only you and I exist.
thanks to Shumnyabai (Joan Wheaton): Divine Serpent with Neptunian forked tongue and rattler tail reflecting Maya god Kukulkan (Quetzalcoatl), the divine feathered serpent who gives life.
1 field
Mildred hangs up with him and goes to the living room, where she finds Veda sitting stiffly on the sofa. Mildred tries to make small talk, but Veda just has this to say: “Christ I hate this dump.” I can’t even begin to imagine how my parents would have reacted if I’d ever said such a thing to them. I sure as hell would have lost any lessons I was taking at the time. At the very least.
The challenge from the ladies over at the Heart 2 Heart Challenge blog this week, was to use the sketch CityScape from Jeanette Lynton's Wishes book. I was nicely inspired by the sketch and wanted to take it a step further by reducing it to a 3-1/4" x 6-1/2" card size. I used the Close To My Heart Smiles stamp set among several others and I think it turned out quite interesting.
We want real - real beer created not for the voluminous bottom dollar, but for taste and pure enjoyment, for just a few quarters more. It is important to notice that there are people creating products by hand with much attention to creativity, quality and craftsmanship that attract a small segment of the market with a very scaled marketing budget. The craft beer business and movement is a segment that has been widely unaffected by the tumultuous economy.
I also hope to explain how my company, FriendFeed, fits into all of this. It definitely has social aspects (the word "friend" is right in the name!), but it certainly isn't a social network in the style of MySpace or Facebook.
All of the conversations listed above do not change a parent wishing to know the risks of letting their child go out into the world alone. The conversations add a layer of knowledge and in this case, the fatter the layer the better. Sadly, at the very time children need parental involvement, parents feel it is time to relinquish the reins and let the children grow up. Trusting a child became the touch phrase on the Facebook conversation. Most of the responses had to do with trust obtained and bestowed by a parent.
Back to a sort of normal on monday. It seems surreal. Early morning phone call, a tenant's premises flooded, fire sprinkler pipe high up holed. only a pinhole, but a lot of pressure and a weekend make a small problem a bigger one. I get a ladder, prop it against the pipe, a somewhat wobbly perch, getting very wet, so I don a makeshift rainsuit, made out of a polythene trash bag.
Earlier this week, musicians took to Twitter to voice their opinion on his GRAMMY win and performances while Chris brown vented back.
And if you are high maintenance, don’t expect somebody else to fix you. The human body is what’s called a “homeostatic system”. This means that it attempts to revert to its proper state when you tinker with it. Cuts mend. Bruises heal.
The amount of Vitamin A in a pumpkin is staggering...the vitamin A will help keep your eyes healthy! Pumpkins are also a source of Vitamin C, Vitamin E, potassium, manganese, copper, riboflavin (a B vitamin), iron, folate, B6, niacin and more! Whew that is one hard working vegetable!
(PSP: Be a flexitarian)
cap'n sonnyboy #1
Yes, I tried to dust my hair this morning.
81 days until The Color Run! All my team dropped but two (bums) but oh well, Sarah, Pat and I are going to rock it! Wondering if I should get different shoes to break in for the race so I don’t chance staining my pretty blue ones I love so much or just running in them and wearing the stains like a trophy? It is almost time for me to order running tutu supplies too! I’m getting excited! Can you tell!
My child rearing was a fly by the seat of my pants – never know what will happen next kind of affair.
Oh, and feel free to post any questions that you would like me to ask Derren.
Anyways back to canning. History is AMAZEBALLS and the Internet says that John Landis Mason invented the mason jar in 1858 but his invention never made him rich because most mason jars were manufactured by his competitors after his patent expired so he worked as an accountant and there were some MAD rumors that he had his home burned for the insurance money and then he died of an abdominal hemorrhage.
Thank you all for loving this blog, or so I think?
Lightly sand the ring base.
It’s a punk kid. I don’t typically like little kids, especially when they sound like Black Star, whose voice is perhaps even more annoying than Rin’s (when he’s screaming). The kid is constantly belting out macho proverbs his missing dad taught him, and he gets a crush on Izumo after saving her life in the sea. But while there was a lot of build-up to the big bad of the week, the kraken turned out to be domesticated, completely deflating whatever peril the episode had. In short, if this series can keep it to two filler eps per half, it should still be okay. Rating: 3
Okay, so believe it or not, but this former globe-trotting humanitarian aid worker’s scariest moment was last summer on a roller coaster with my kids. I’m not a thrill seeker – at least not that kind – but my boys love roller coasters and I thought our local Six Flags park’s Bobsled looked doable for me. Nope. Never again. Sorry, guys.
There are a lot more festivities during the day, but we were fairly frazzled after two hours of crowds, omelettes and the flirting tapenade man. Oh, and the petting zoo:
The cumulative comparative number in the U.S. newspaper FAS-FAX report includes all print, digital and branded edition circulation for the ABC-member newspaper.
Thus the depopulation of white farms due to this ongoing violence is also causing a knock-on effect, with squatter towns growing larger every time jobless farm workers move away from desolate farms after such murders. Less than one percent of the entire South African land surface is now used for irrigated crop-production, causing local food prices to triple this past year. In 1994 about 6% of the entire SA land-surface was still used by commercial farmers: the rest of the country is not suitable for crop-growing for the marketplace.”Ever since my retirement as a South African journalist, I have been recording these attacks from a great variety of South African sources on m y own website.” Adriana Stuijt retired South African Journalist
The evidence shows that when a government tries to raise taxes on job creators, they either move their business to where tax rates are lower, or they grin and bear it and cut costs—and that means jobs lost.
The longer Sam stands there glaring at James, the guiltier we look—especially with me wearing his sweatshirt. This isn’t the time for an I-have-more-testosterone-than-you staring contest. Judging by how hard my heart is slamming against my ribs, I’m about to implode.
Last but not least, another designs created exclusively for John Bead is featured on the galllery section...delicate, demure and subtle - usually places that my design work do not vist at all.
So Joe gets off the phone and I am still just rolling with laughter. He, of course, is puzzled by the whole ordeal, but before he can get to the computer to check it out he gets another phone call about said goats! This goes on and on 20 calls in like 30 mins. Once Joe gets on the computer we find that not only is it listed he has goats, but there is also a post for a Wii for sale so he can "MAKE RENT CALL TONIGHT!" We automatically assumed that the culprit was his brother Scott, because everything was listed on the Dallas area Craigslist and we no longer live in that area, but he denied everything. Joe was so sure it was Scott that he posted a craigslist ad that he too was giving away animals, only to find out it wasn't him.
Everyone slept through night last night.
There are so many reasons for altering a photograph, and the reasons themselves, if they are known, are revelations in how we see the world, how we expect an image to be presented. Zhang Dali expects to reveal this to us through his juxtapositions. Placing archived original photographs next to their altered counterparts found in popular media, he shows us the shadowy world of decision making that constructs the world of images, a world so powerful to compel. It is remarkable to note that Dali matches the original photographs to their counterparts by memory and intuition. He remembers where the altered images appeared in public. His extraordinary memory is a testament to the power of the image to ingrain itself in a human psyche.
Let me tell you that America, and free trade in general, is the better for this attitude. “Peet” was presented with a bottle of RUSSIAN RIVER DAMNATION to take home for his efforts – me, I got to drink a 16-oz. can of NEUSTADT 10W30 from the NEUSTADT SPRINGS BREWERY in Neustadt, Ontario. Apparently this brown ale is a big fave of our correspondent, and you know what? It’s one of ours now as well. It’s an English-style brown, very malty without being thick and gloopy, with a very reasonable but not wimpy 5.5% ABV. As I was enjoying it I was contemplating its perfection as the quintessential “session” ale, and I started to understand why some folks get just as hopped up about this sort of drink as others do about barrel-aged imperial double Russian stouts. It’s all good if you enjoy it in the right circumstances, and sitting there at home, drinking my NEUSTADT 10W30, I had my brown ale semi-epiphany. 8/10. Look for it next time you’re in Neustadt.
A final year student in Mechanical Engineering at the National University of Singapore, Sun sparked a near nationwide outcry among Singaporeans with his offensive remarks on there “being more dogs than humans in Singapore.” on his microblog ‘Weibo’ last Saturday.
Maj. Ron Illana
Those drapes aren't going anywhere.
from the album. I would like a shot at making a proper film
Dearest Mom and Dad,
A new bishop is threatening to close St. Isadore’s school, bringing unsettling Church reforms into her world, just as Agatha is on the brink of retirement. All her life, Agatha has had her faith in the Catholic Church to keep her company, had its rituals and traditions to guide her. Can her life be coming apart at the seams, just as it seems to have passed her by?
As soon as the conference began, Dana White apologized to Brazilian reporters for being late stating that they had some traveling “issues” which made the conference start an hour later than originally planned. To open the discussion, Dana White made the announcement that due to logistical errors the UFC did not have enough time to make the fight happen in Brazil. The UFC president expressed his desire to have the fight take place in 1 of 2 places: Sao Paulo or Rio. Both cities are home to very large soccer stadiums that would be ideal for the expected size of UFC 147.
Becomes bright sunlight muted
I am going to attempt something for the first time ever in my life on Friday. So I am in advance of this bequeathing my animals to Allan or Megan or whoever (I won't care after I die lol). Hold onto your hats yet again - I am going to do kickboxing. The wife of our young adults pastor teaches a kickboxing class and the first one is free to check out so at 5:15 instead of being in Dallas for the Rock and Worship Road Show (I can see them some other time), I will be kickboxing (aka dying lol). It will be fun and healthy. I told James (the Young Adults Pastor) about me checking out Michelle's class and he said yep I am gonna die lol
If I were to tell you the miracles that have taken place in the last 24 hours, as we geared up for this giveaway...it might take you several hours to read about them. I can't even begin to tell you the favor and grace of God that has been on our lives and on those who have been helping us put this all together. I'm looking at the time in the bottom right hand corner of my computer screen and although I'm staring at 2:09 AM, I'm running on adrenaline and caffeine right now.
Everybody ask’s that same question each time England get knocked out,why do we play so badly,why cant we play with freedom,why do the players look unhappy and uncomfortable,Harry was also the players choice, because they know what kind of atmosphere he creates around training camps,before the terrible games in South Africa in 2010,Harry did some build up work for ITV,before the match started he performed a fake team talk to the England team,it was so motivating that I think I could have played well by the time his speech ended,instead they had a charmless pizza chomping manager communicating via sign language,Roy is an improvement on Fabio,but not by a huge margin.
“I’ve brought them here…” suddenly Agatha’s sweet voice enters the chamber.
Step 3: Get your fabric cut and buy the extra thread or notions you need for the project. Be honest, if you need thread in that color buy it. (10 Points)
Wind Beneath my Wings…Bette Midler
ANIMATION: A
And things are really starting to happen. Over the weekend I ran a two-day free promotion on amazon and 15,000 people downloaded the book. Some of them must be reading it and liking it because each morning I see that more and more people are starting to buy it, borrow it, and tell their friends about it. This is what gives me the greatest joy! When you work alone all day, year after year, you can get a little hungry for feedback. Here are two of the lovely reviews on amazon that came in since the weekend:
Picture me, and then you start watching
AND WE GET CRITICISED IF COUNCIL RATES RISE BY 5%!!!
I enjoy giving away homebrew to friends, family, and fellow-imbibers. First off, to truly enjoy any hobby one must share it with someone. It's really hard to explain my fascination with, and pursuit of, beer to the non-drinker. So I share with all who will partake and usually do not visit other homes without bringing some liquid gift, unless I know them to be abstainers.
Next in line is RAF02837 SWAT Sniper. His arms and rifle were separate castings and had to be glued in place. His sniper rifle is the 7.62mm Robar SR-60, which is built on the Remington 700 Sniper Rifle. He wears his baseball cap back to front so that the peak doesn't interfere with the scopesight.
The same things that children of yesterday read, great narratives, characters that you can love and empathise with. Funny stories, sad stories, love stories and horror stories. The fundamentals of good storytelling don’t change.
kind, patient, tolerant, forgiving and loving place.
I wouldn’t trade that upbringing. I have deep respect for my Presbyterian roots. They are strong and deep. I still maintain most of my early Presbyterian theology and appreciate my early exposure to a love of the word of God.
Well, I remember wine and roses
61) Hey you’re in my seat!
Because now I see that sometimes when I am sitting at the kitchen table and painting pictures with my girls and sometimes when I am sitting in the family room and watching Disney Princess Sing-A-Longs and getting totally caught up in Mulan's heartwrenching Reflection song (can I hug her? I want to hug her) - something clicks. And I hear my character's voices. Maybe even just a a sentence or two, and maybe I jump up to write them down, or maybe I just let them continue to sit and sink in and become the glue that my story has so desperately been needing.
“We’ll see…” she replied. Suzanne would have loved to have said “Yes!”, but she was still thinking about being ‘unequally yoked to an unbeliever’.
Christmas Blog Candy
Then I went into overdrive. Think about you, ewe, and a u-turn. And then what about I, eye, and aye-aye and aye yai yai? The number two, to, too, and t00-too, the ballerina dress.
Did Barry make a good move? What do you think about this new option for authors?
Whastsa matter, Unkgee? You chicken?
There will be no moment again…
.... after a fun time camping!! I am drowning in filthy laundry atm - not to mention having had to go in to school for a few days - not fun, it's still supposed to be the holidays.
Here's the video from Better Homes and Gardens on how to fold them!
Exchange ourselves, and we do it all the time
The contest will remain open until next Saturday giving everyone one whole week to enter. So remember everyone has a minimum of 3 chances to win if you enter in all 3 contest opportunities. But with number 2, you can increase the number of your raffle entries with every new invite. And don't forget, the consolation prizes are really nice too! So go spread the word and leave all entries in the comments of this blog post.
It’s far from my understanding, how and in what way the Creator who programmed this Universe doesn’t know what’s going to happen next. Which is why he created the Oracle, an intuitive program to understand human psyche so that the Creator is able to balance the equation by deleting the anomalies.
Buck Black’s appointments can be adjusted to accommodate a truck driver’s schedule. “I take “call ins,” like “walk-ins” for lack of a better term, Monday through Friday; however, I’m usually booked all day long, so I cannot accommodate this very often. I am able to guarantee an appointment within two business days or it is free except for when my voicemail and website states I am on vacation. I work until 10pm ET and I am usually able to be talked into a Sunday evening appointment.” He laughs.
1. To have whites that are tender and not rubbery.
The East Coast...
Members Benefit International
Such great sadness within two days for the music world with the passing of Dick Clark and now legendary musician Levon Helm of “The Band”.
Palermo, for instance, admitted an interest in moody Americans such as Barnett Newman and Mark Rothko, eventually moving to New York in 1973 and living there for two and a half years, longing for a formal modernism whose sun had set. However, the spirit with which he approached figures like Newman and Rothko is with a playful spirit, as in works such as Time of Day I, 1974-75.
We believe in the heartfelt tenderness and sensitivity of Petersburgers and we ask that they provide all possible assistance in tracking down the stolen treasures. We appeal to the conscience of everyone who, either knowingly or out of ignorance, may have been involved in this shameful crime which outrages our countrymen and all those who love Petersburg and who esteem the Hermitage's unique collection.
So let these ticking hands make haste, then stop
* if this is not a word, it should be...
And He made “the mutual consultation” as one of the legal foundations in order to make an exact decision, particularly in important makers like Jihad and dealing with enemies, etc. and He praised His believers- slaves for this quality by His Statement:
- Whooga is an internationally trademarked brand
First off, I want so say a HUGE thank you to the author herself, Kelly Cochran, for sending me a copy of her book to review! I was so excited to receive a book from the author herself that I immediately dove into the story. Please visit Kelly’s website to check out more about the book and the author: http://kellycochran.com/
Bust: 48.5"... 46"... 45"...44.75"
About three years ago me and other fools began the adventure of a blog called Power Pop Lovers.
Muse token - Tim Holtz
PLUS since we've already got more than 10 entries, (thanks for joining us!) members of our design team will select one entrant to win another prize- a 2012 Sketch Calendar from Scrapbook & Cards Today and PageMaps! We've loved the sketches and inspiration in the 2011 Calendar and are thrilled to have another year of inspiration ahead of us. We'll also be including with this second prize a surprise element- an unmounted stamp of our choosing!
I'm a member of a yahoo group called Bits of Goodness. I've just started my first swap with them and I wish I had found them YEARS ago "I TELL YOU!" (...anyone know that movie line?)
This was a pretty inspiring time in my life. Music, and especially this piece, was playing a transformative role. The duet had come about by following the musical advice of my friend Pierre Bensusan, to sing the line and have the melody rendered reflect the voice. Employing this process really changes perspective on many aspects of guitar composing– how you finger the melody, for example, is quite different when it’s been touched by a voice.
He's a nice guy, fluent in both English and Somali (Spanish and French, too), and remarkably helpful.
horizons.
Happy stamping,
Do focus on general memories and emotions; Don’t focus on exact facts and details.
“Object-Oriented Philosophy”
Raber
It's impossible to predict how a Chekhov story will develop. Many of his "mature" stories begin in an almost humdrum vein and the temptation is there to assume you'll be bored, that the story has nothing to offer. A traveling salesman watering his horses at a roadside tavern, talking for three pages about the discomfort of traveling by cart across rural Russia? Nothing's happening, you observe. And then a drunken peasant accosts the salesman, mistaking him for someone else. They quarrel, one of them is knocked down into the mud. Both men are revealed to be deeply unhappy for their own particular reasons. The story ends. Oh, you say. I know this story. It's real life. People are selfish idiots. Nothing is resolved, ever. People move through life, have their troubles and then die. Some people are better than others, except when they aren't. I know this story.
On a July afternoon a painter was leaving town. All his life he wanted to make money selling his panting. After ten years of futile efforts he figured Miami was not interested in his art. He decided to leave town and on his way tout, he saw a big newly opened store window. With angry strokes, he wrote the above lines.
It took about two weeks to meet the real him.
The 2012 Commencement Convocation will be held on the Cheyney University Quadrangle at 11:00 a.m. on Saturday, May 12, 2012. All graduates are expected to participate in Commencement and must be in proper academic attire. Please arrive by 9:30 a.m. and report directly to Dudley Hall on the Quadrangle. A special events tent will be set up on the quadrangle to accommodate all of the commencement participants and guests; there will be no need to relocate activities due to inclement weather. Rehearsal for Commencement will be held in Dudley Hall at 1:00 p.m. on Thursday, May 10, 2012.
sick days in January...pretty much
The prodding and emotive phrases listed above are, however, merely word shifts, synonyms for instinctive or inherent or intrinsic or intuitive. Said another way these self-righteous people are demonstrating (perhaps without recognising it) that their behaviour is not governed by reason, but is a fixed, instinctive response. Since there is no rationale, the behaviour of the sententious cannot take account of context or probable outcomes. Because it is narrowly blinkered with much room for unintended consequences, such rigid self-assurance is therefore highly dangerous.
Quiches are one of my go-to recipes when I need something high protein and filling. If i’m having a party I can make them in muffin tins for individual servings. (Please excuse the mimosa in the picture below. I was having a party for 1).
Rape 3.1 6.2
4) The Brightomnicon by Robert Rankin
Let us look at a woman in the bible, Mary Magdalene. She is mentioned in Matthew 27, and Mark 16, among a few other scriptures in the bible. It is believed that she was the woman from whom Jesus cast out demons. She then became a devoted Christ-follower.
I've even heard that some of the school systems aren't even teaching cursive handwriting anymore.
Right now, since I am new, I am able to offer double free books, so you could get some books your own kids, neices, nephews, or your future adorable kids!
What’s my plan now that I have this certificate? Not much, not yet. I’ll be able to help myself out more, hopefully help out friends and family, but that’s it for now.
Even through my numbness I began to realize that I was saved — that I would live.
But how can this be? How can a company that had so much success in the past be completely written off even after showing some great new products and some great potential for future success in the industry?
I usually listen to music while I write, and for OLDSOUL the albums I listened to most were Gaslight Anthem's "The '59 Sound" and American Steel's "Dear Friends and Gentle Hearts" as well as a bunch of Social Distortion.
What does all of that have to do with this challenge? Well.....people are always amazed at all those done up creations out there, not that they don't deserve it or anything BUT have you ever heard of "less is more?" We want YOU to show us that even the simplest of creations are all the rage too!
Anyone who thinks they can go to the top and stay there without being honest is dumb. – Mortima Feinberg
What I wanted to say is, “What are you two young things doing running around in skimpy bikinis? You need to cover up now, you hear!?! Got a t-shirt in that locker?”
So, like surveys, numbers are deceptive. Najib might be a vain and foolish leader. But perhaps, he is also banking on this sleight of hand or imagery – that he can command 1 million and Bersih 3.0 only tens of thousands – to win GE-13.
Manuela and the blind man were startled awake by suppressed moans,
A few weeks ago my BTW picture and blog post were about my preparations and processes for one of my bronze clay sessions with everything neat and organised and ready to roll. This week I'm in the middle of one of these sessions preparing for a shop update and it's a very different picture...
For those that have read it, did you guys love it? Did you find Amy to be relateable?(Is this not a word?!)
The RPI/CPI issue presents us with a cut in pensions across the public sector as a whole - how should we use this?
This Sunday, May 13th, we’re also hosting the 5-store Wedding Showcase Bridal Extravaganza! For more details about the sale and participating stores, visit http://bit.ly/gwedd. To see photos of the stores themselves all decked out in their Big Day best, check out our special event Facebook album at http://on.fb.me/gweddi.
Gene Estes - Drums
...every star a sacred dream shining for you to see..
Residential-County (Gillespie) - The total number of homes (w/acreage) sold in the 2nd quarter of 2009 declined 18.27% from the sales reported in the 2nd quarter of 2008 (93 in '08 vs. 76 in '09). The average price of a sold property declined 25.41% ($280,518 in '08 vs. $209,236 in '09) and the average number of DOM has increased 24.1% (166 in '08 to 206 in '09). The total dollar volume of homes sold has declined 39%. Notably, the average list price to sale price ratio (LP/SP) has decreased from 94.09% in 2008 to the current 93.02%.
You realize as soon as your back is turned, your mom's gonna sell your katana collection for a new set of kitchen cabinets.
I believe in eternity, therefore, life after death.
“Yes,” I answered. “And that will also stop the statements from coming?”
My A to Z blogging theme is characters in (people from) the scriptures. Since my blog is a book blog, this theme would fit right in and help me strengthen a weakness at the same. How fantastic is that?! This challenge is a blessing. Thank you A to Z Challenge team! *Book: LDS quad combo scriptures: KJV Holy Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine & Covenants, Pearl of Great Price. (p)1989, (c)1979.
Because crews could not remove all the hundreds of fallen trees immediately, many roads are literally impassible, forcing residents to drive their Range Rovers and Lexuses hundreds and sometimes thousands of feet out of their way around winding detours.
*Restrictions: US ONLY!!!!
Ask yourself what are problem areas in your house or your life. Mine is paper. I hate paper!! It just piles up and I am not good at keeping it organized.
She smiled and he thought it was the most beautiful smile he has ever seen before and wanted to kiss her right there.
But you know what sucks? After less than six months of usage the buttons get stuck, the trackpad gets faulty and you end up wanting to throw the friggin thing away. What sucks even more? For some reason Blackberry isn’t able to fix these issues with their units and they just end up replacing the one that you have given it’s still under warranty.
Next up: (Because I whined about them...I'm not into the "grapevine theme" they had going on in the house and have removed other (removable) things they left in the kitchen...Bye bye metal grapevine braces! There were six in total...you can see two in the top corners of the kitchen window plus this one:
Amy planned the most wonderful "Cardboard Box" Themed party… it was AMAZING!
Are you willing to forego your daily cup of Joe or pop and donate that money instead to Adam and Eva?!? All you have to do is imagine one of your loved ones in the hospital bed and one of your dogs lost somewhere, in another state, without any sightings.
i went to jason’s 26th birthday gathering this evening, just half an hour after i got the news. on the drive over i suffered some ugly combination of ultra-rapid-cycle bipolar disorder and full-blown tourettes. then i got there, made a big fuss over the birthday boy, eventually told him the news, and immediately one of his (extremely high) friends started enlightening me about some of the negative aspects i’ve already given plenty of consideration to. the weird thing is, that actually helped. i was in such a crazy place at the moment, trying to process what just happened, and her shitting on it calmed me down and made me feel better about my decision.
Massive sums have been spent on defense, which can be corruptly contracted. South Africa now has state of the art submarines for which it has no conceivable use and advanced jet fighters it doesn’t have the pilots to fly. South Africa simply doesn’t have enemies that necessitate such equipment, but oh what pork barrel politics it provides. Only the massive increase in mineral prices have saved South Africa from economic collapse. And the victims of all this corruption and incompetence have, above all been poor Black South Africans.
as best you may
Samba Do Aviao 02:11
Naturally, if this ploy works the net result will be to drive "progressive" voters away from the NDP and towards the Liberals. Hence, the anti-Rae ad is really about strengthening the weaker Liberals and weakening the stronger NDP.
The overall costs of the Fukushima accident, including compensation and decommissioning the Daiichi plant’s six reactors, have been projected to reach $500 to $650 billion US dollars.
Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)
Dallas Highrise Condominium for sale at The Montane – 2848 Woodside Street, Unit 505, Dallas, TX 75204 MLS# 11720403
Uncover and bake 450 degrees for 20 minutes or until shrimp is pink and cooked through.
I'm curious to know. To tell the truth, just to do this post,
Another thing I'm thankful for. The good friends who continue to read this blog, and leave kind and encouraging comments (even though my posts are few and far between. Thank you for putting up with that).
I had the need to make a card today that really did not call for a sentiment on the front. There will be a note on the inside. This time of year is all about Christmas however this card is not about the holiday so I really did not want to use any of those colors yet I wanted the card to be festive. I got my inspiration from 365 Cards challenge to use blue-green on your card. There is lots of it on this card. The cardstock is aqua, the velvet ribbon is aqua and the pattern paper also has aqua in it. I really like how the colors work together and I do not believe I would have pulled it together this way without the challenge. So yay for that!
Knit scarves and boots...
On the flip side, an increase in supply will lead to more marginal units being sold at a lower price, whereas a decrease in supply will result in fewer marginal units being sold at a higher price. In the former case, sellers are willing to sell at lower prices, and this brings more buyers into the market who were not willing to pay the original, higher price. In the latter case, sellers insist on higher prices, and buyers on the margin exit the market, unwilling to pay those prices.
Len Goodman does have a sense of humor and it makes for good TV. Goodman said he knew that Driver was disappointed last week. This week Goodman claimed that he felt Driver would come out tonight and “show me some fireworks and you didn’t” and, wait for it, Goodman exclaimed, “You exploded on the floor.”
A week later I discovered the geeky guy was an Internal Medicine attending. At my medical school.
Him: You.
The aforementioned bill, signed by this week by President Obama, is the one authorizing the Federal Communications Commission to auction off TV spectrum for wireless broadband. The impetus for doing so was the National Broadband Plan, a hefty white paper introduced two years ago by the wireless and consumer electronics industries through the FCC chairman’s office. Wireless providers want to monopolize spectrum so they don’t have competition for mobile video delivery. Consumer electronics makers support them because they can’t sell any more TV sets, while they need to mine a landfill on the moon to cope with handset turnover.
Selamat Balik! We return! The cords that tie your reality together are rapidly dissolving and transforming into the grids of a new one. Initially, this new one is manifesting various debacles that are churning things up in every corner of your world, and this is to be expected as the miasmas of the past are purged. Many of your realms in ages past have been wiped out by the thunderous might of the Anunnaki as they froze, flooded and burned your societies in an effort to expunge the memories of your fully conscious origins. On each occasion, the Anunnaki chose a group of survivors to ‘stock’ the next reality (by means of memory trauma held within the DNA) with the ‘fodder’ necessary to endlessly repeat these patterns of destruction and genocide down through history. This attempt to bury your memories of your former, higher state of consciousness was only partially successful and was unable to induce the complete adulation and acquiescence desired by your dark overloads. Your ineradicable inner path was kept alight by Spirit for the day when all of you would be returned to your former state of glory.
Not brilliant I know, idid these while listening to the Cologne Chamber Orchestra last week. I had terrible trouble seeing well and I am neither good at faces that move or musical instruments!
Blog Candy Alert - Don't forget that there is Blog Candy on
But running is just part of what I did for The Run That's Good for Life. You see, this 5K is the one and only race put on by my running club. And as a club member I felt it was my duty to volunteer to help out as much as I could. Which means I:
Now we see that Justification is all God – His grace, received by faith – nothing good inherently in us – nothing good we were able to do. But what about God’s holiness and justice? The Bible says that sin charges a debt, and that debt must be paid. The answer to this dilemma is that Justification is the act of God’s grace, appropriated by faith ALONE – in the blood of His OWN SON.
Love the African rhythms and voices. Love the exuberance performance. Love that brilliant father’s reflection scene. Love that dignified grieving scene. Love that stampede scene. Love the localisation. Love the comedy. Love that Oscar-awarded song by Elton John, re-interpreted. Love the joy in the crowd. Love the pride on stage.
The wonky, heavily used 50D weighs as much as a brick. If you are traipsing outside, trying to shoot photos of sheep or goats, the larger memory card will allow you to take more snaps. The downside is, the camera gets heavier and heavier, and if you are a Dropper like me, you aren’t going to run down the goat path just for a Donkey Photo Op.
When I worked in corporate America, I had this overarching need to not only do a good job, but to do a perfect job. Any criticism or mistakes made me stress out, or become uneasy. Most of all it made me sad or fearful. I felt picked on and singled out when I received any criticism. In all fairness to myself, there were times that I was picked on and singled out, but whenever I would get sincere criticism or genuine feedback, it triggered feelings of inadequacy. Instead of confronting these feelings, I would usually run from them in two ways:
After hearing more about it, I'm guessing you want DON'T BREATHE A WORD and you are in luck! I've got an extra copy to send out to one lucky person and this contest is open to international entries!
I would like to enter the following challenges:
“Basically, the family members step into the shoes of the deployed service member and can exercise the same custody rights that their service member had been granted under the order,”according to Mark R. Alberts, a principal with Gentile, Horoho & Avalli in Pittsburgh and chair of the Allegheny County Bar Association’s family law section.
This time, the whole of Silesia was given to Poland. Churchill was against it, but Stalin insisted, because he wanted territory to resettle the Poles he intended to drive out of their own homes in the Polish Ukraine and Byelorussia. The official transports were formed in spring 1946, but even before that it was the turn of German Silesians to be driven from their home. Some were taken to prison camps, where many died.
The past year has seen lean times for Natalie Tran fans. Natalie finally favoured the hungry legions by posting a short clip a couple of days ago, and promising more, but clearly Real Life has got in the way of Natalie's video-making activities, resulting in a long period of humourless browsing on Facebook, where her followers nevertheless react lightning-fast to the merest hint of Nataliness, quickly posting 'Likes' and comments that number often in the thousands.
Karlas001 is giving away 2 $25.00 gift certificates!
“As a bilingualist he was outstanding, and could not only write as well as speak most fluently in either medium, but was outstandingly able in his quick interpretation of speeches — a qualification that few could claim — with equal facility. (Obviously the shorthand was an asset!) “As a companion he was entertaining, and whatever the conditions, always cheerful and optimistic. As a host he was hospitality itself.
For that reason we decide to open our project Rhythm or Treble. And we should get a special responsibility to make good stuff. It'll be the first step towards our indiependent selling project.
Don't worry about missing out.
I will be reading as part of the Amnesty International Imprisoned writers series
The election is the first for El Salvador since 2009, when Funes and the FMLN put an end to two decades of ARENA control. At stake are 262 mayorships and all 84 seats of the unicameral AL.
Grupo Modelo S.A. de C.V. Pacífico
I have no idea where I was going with this, as is often the case when I attempt to wax eloquent.
I have teenagers - twins in college - and therefore it should come as no surprise there is a communication gap.
So what am I to do?
· BUSINESS INVENTORY, MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT
safe, and there’s a lot of the old everyone-looks-out-for-each-other
The best writing is a string of ideas. And they just seem to flow on a bike. A gag or nice turn of phrase that would usually take ages to come up with suddenly comes so easily.
Think about it and share what you learn. I'd love to hear from you.
I've said this a million times, but painting mirrors is the easiest project. Just slap on two or three coats, let it dry and then clean up the mirror with a wet rag. The dried paint wipes right off the glass. If you need a little extra help with the edges, a razor works great.
Okay, this episode has the most shamelessly cheesy of titles due to a certain song it invokes but in terms of actual cheesiness, there’s not much to be had. I mean, yes, there’s a certain cuteness between Tom and geeky werewolf Allison but it’s a kind of cuteness with a little tinge of darkness mixed in too.
Primera Division Campeonato de Apertura 2012, sixth round
Learn well.
Above all, we were able to love him, because he saw us as we wished to be seen, as the omniscient, capable and heroic custodians of our great nation's inner health. It was a view of us that Barley never quite seemed able to share - any more, I have to say, than Hannah could, though she only knew it from the outside, as the place to which she could not follow me, as the shrine of ultimate compromise and therefore, in her unrelenting view, despair.
So after that I headed over to the other side of the city. Over the river and through the woods. True story! And spent the evening watching the sunset and listening to flamenco guitar while talking to random Spanairds and laughing at the tourists who start snapping photos before they even look at what they’re seeing. Then leave in less than 5 minutes. That’s not how we do it in Spain.
Gisborne/Hawke’s Bay 61.4% to 63.7% (95,600 to 101,700)
From Jerusalem Passage it is not too far a walk to Jerusalem Tavern in Britton Street, vividly described here, offering the full range of St Peter's beers. Reports say that this place as well as The Dovetail may easily get packed as the nearby offices close for the day.
90 g. (about 3) egg whites, aged for at least 24 hours
1467 D-V/4(B)/2003. “The ‘Shakespearean’ John Wilkes Booth’s Abraham Lincoln.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Illinois Beach Resort, Zion, Illinois.
Nurminen T. Should we adjust for pregnancy history when the exposure effect is transient? Epidemiology 1995; 6: 336-337.
my brain is a map of the universe
Then you come in after your days off and find they have changed everything.
Guthrie: so when will you drop out or are just insane
THE LEGENDARY PINK DOTS interview
Last night’s Ale Stars session was a memorable one for many reasons. A made-to-order balmy summer’s night in Melbourne meant that a beer was just the thing and pale lagers were the perfect complement to the weather. In addition, by far the largest Ale Stars crew had assembled and included a good handful of first timers. It was also the launch of the revamped Ale Stars
Smiling, April closes her eyes.
The CDA uncovered these and other insights in our 2011 consumer and advisor “Disability Divide” research study. The study reveals meaningful variances between what consumers perceive about their disability risk and advisors’ assumptions about those perceptions. In many cases, advisors’ and consumers’ perceptions were different still from reality.
'Squabble less. Share more!
In 1943 the Procurement Division of the United States Army asked Hershey's to develop a heat resistant bar for the troops. Voila, the Hershey's Tropical Chocolate Bar, formulated so the bar can hold its shape after one hour in heat up to 120 degrees Fahrenheit. In True Confections it was noted that Eli was quite jealous of Hershey's military contracts and took particular delight when Kiss production was shut down during the War, because of a shortage of material for the foil wrappers.
with the sauces underneath and turn the chicken meat to the other side.
We heaved the boat onto the land and charged up into the house, Meg and Em still full of excitement and me just wanting to be somewhere away from the horrors within the forest.
My Common Core math standards review packets have been crazy popular. I've had a couple people ask if I was going to do E/LA ones. I've tossed this idea back and forth for a few weeks. I'd love to get some feedback from all of you. I was thinking if I made them, it would include some grammar, revising sentences, and maybe phonics. Maybe. I was thinking though that there are already so many DLR and DOL books out there that there wouldn't be a need for something like this. What do you think? Would you like to see me make something? What would you like to see in it?
Have a lovely weekend and thanks for stopping by my blog today.
It's true. It doesn't matter if it's on a 60 inch plasma screen, it gives me a headache if I stay at it for a certain period of time. Even with my new glasses, I just can't seem to stay at it for very long. In addition to the headaches, I also can't seem to comprehend what I'm reading. I see words and my eyes scan the screen, but I have to work very hard to focus so the words actually register. Because of this, it takes me ten times longer to read off a screen rather than paper because I have to read and re-read and re-read small paragraphs until I finally "get it". I even have to write my blog posts in short intervals.
I remember the beginning of April’s readings… the field was really weird. Everything seemed condensed onto itself. The blue sky sitting on top of the golden dome, the dome so condensed it appeared the ground itself was in the dome. It stayed like that for the first few days of April, then, thankfully, all the readings started to unfold at the top of the Mesa Cliff.
Back in New York, another Affinity Ponzi scheme did its damage. In this case, the targeted investors lived in the Caribbean and the African-American communities of Brooklyn. Gedrey Thompson and his firm, GTF Enterprises Inc., are accused by the SEC of having raised more than $800,000 from 20 customers. A portion of the invested funds lost money, and the balance went primarily for Mr. Thompson’s personal use. Although the level of loss is not in the millions, the “affinity” caption is just the same. David Rosenfeld, Associate Director of the SEC’s New York Regional Office, stated, “Thompson and his cohorts exploited members of their own community by using phony trading credentials and bogus account statements to legitimize their fraud.”
Maeric gave a curt salute and ran off from C.I.C. to get a squad launched as ordered.
Bills don’t pay themselves and no one I personally know won that ridiculous mega-millions jackpot a couple of weeks back. So I’m just. Good.
I mentioned Egypt at the beginning. The question remains: How much of the rhetoric, which is coming out of Egypt at the moment, is simply Muslim Brotherhood taqiyya in the very same spirit outlined in this Saudi example? Indeed, how much of it is just pure bullshit?
Oh, I'm just gonna go grab my insurance card and car keys. You know, to be ready for our trip to the emergency room.
In some places not only are the streetlights out but they pulled out the poles to save on vandalism and people calling to report the lights are off.
JOHANNESBURG — The government of Zimbabwe, led by President Robert Mugabe, spent $7.3 million donated by an international organization to fight killer diseases on other things and has failed to honour requests to return the money, according to the organization’s inspector general.
Hope you enjoy. Drop me a line and let's stay in touch.
Maguire also uses the political conflict surrounding the Animals to address issues of discrimination and subjugation. The Animals are different from ordinary animals in that they are sentient beings who can actually talk. In his story there are political factions that wish to treat the Animals as animals and take away their rights which are equal with humans. As the novel progresses the climate gradually grows less favorable for Animals through subtle changes in policies and legalized discrimination. It is a very interesting facet of the book and one that can be related to many current minorities that still face discrimination around the world.
The CAF has the opinion the U.S. Air Force donated the F-82 in question to the CAF which, in turn, expended great effort to restore it to flying condition. Unfortunately, some time after its rejuvenation the pilot in an air show made a forced landing which destroyed the propellers and landing gear among other things. Items that were impossible to replace and, in time, the CAF traded it ,in part, for a flying condition P-38 Lightning. No doubt the CAF was working in the best interest of representing historical flying warbirds but let us stop to look at the details.
My little sister is visiting for her spring break and we're having a pretty good time hanging out. She's also getting married in a couple of months so we're spending time taxi-ing her all over the valley so that she can get her schtuff done. I think I might have to play the pregnancy card tomorrow though. Girlfriend is picky and likes to check out lots of stuff and frankly, I'm POOPED!
Dame's Rocket is flaming from nearly all the ditches and hedgerows. This flower usually blooms in early June, but thanks to March's heat wave we're enjoying it now.
I have a real interest in crappy relationship advice. Call it a hobby of mine. So, after reading a post on Pandagon about a crazy fundie youth group, I followed some links to Lookadoo land, and found Dateable- the book he co-authored about teen relationship advice. It claimed to be a bestseller, so I looked it up.
A scoop of vanilla ice cream made the ideal accompaniment (as it usually does with anything apple). My husband, the apple-dessert aficionado, was a big fan of this pie/cake and thought it was fine without the raisins.
I also feel like my dreams have are being delayed, or that people don't believe in the things i want to accomplish
Let’s talk about all those millionaires that do not pay taxes or pay less then their secretaries.
This week is going to have different goals. I want to catch up on my expanding reading list, at least to get through my new books. Anything else I get done of my regular goals will be bonus, though I intend to still do my rounds of visiting other check-ins. I'll be doing lots of winter preparedness this week, the joys of living out in the country. We did get the majority of the snow fence put up already. But there's finishing it, attaching the snowblower to the tractor and removing the mower deck, cleaning the garage, packing the emergency essentials bag, fixing the truck and attaching the plow, and so much more. Oh joy. Boo winter.
Just a side note. I store freeze dried meats but there are lots of ways to store meat. All of them have their advantages:
Goo died as he lived; a liar.
Did you have a favorite teacher as a child?
Three scenarios seem to come forth:
for my nails, i chose a permanent shade from china glaze that was featured in an old trio pack (check out all lacquered up's old post HERE on it) that was meant to help spread awareness. part of the proceeds for this trio went towards susan g komen for the cure. i DO NOT have this trio, i bought this at sallys a couple years ago and apparently this little guy made its way into the single polish rack.
If you have any great attachment to your limbs, please ensure you adhere to the following "Small Talk" Guidelines:
Option 3: Another option we are looking at is modifying a kitchen cabinet from Ikea (maybe the Adel?) to fit one of their smaller sinks such as the Odensvik. This type of cabinet option would not seem as spacious as the above options, but has a good depth of 18.75" and could obviously coordinate well with matching wall cabinets.
The world’s fastest man has been dating fashion designer Lubica Slovak for six months and the relationship is described as ‘very serious’.
3. Premier Book Awards
Whatever followed him home was gone now. Or hiding. He bent down and picked up his shoes as he heard a grunt of effort from Mary. He didn't want to worry her. He sneezed again, and decided to trust the steel walls to protect them while he was in the bath.
with labial blessing
And what did I see I had not seen before?
* mixed in 2 red & green bell peppers and 3 tomatoes ( i ♥ tomatoes!)
Cut out your drawn borders. Also cut a piece of the white wavy line from your patterned paper. This needs to be the length of the shortest side of your photo (ie. 10 cm in this case). Then locate some nice strips on the patterned paper that you like the look of (see below for what I chose) and cut a piece about 15,5 cm long by 5 cm tall. Ink the edges of these if you wish.
2. Elaine Dundy’s Elvis and Gladys
What is my driving force
Schlafly Black IPA (Not officially tasted. This beer was on tap and many of us gave it a try.)
Hamilton played sparingly during his first season with the Red Raiders in 2008, however academics and a lack of finances forced Hamilton to drop out of school and once again give up his dream of playing for a major division one college football program. From Lubbock, Hamilton hit the books and worked hard to get his academics back into priority to re-establish his football eligibility while at Dallas Community College. Looking for just one more opportunity to show he belonged, Hamilton got his chance when Prairie View A&M Head Coach Gabe Northern, who was a former 2nd round pick by the Buffalo Bills in the 1996 NFL Draft took in Adrian Hamilton, giving him a full scholarship and chance to compete in the game he loves so much.
PPS: “It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.” — John Steinbeck
So it’s a genetics thing? I wasn’t totally convinced so I tried to find further information (read: Wikipedia). I found that all natural hair colours are determined by how much (and how little, if any) we have of two hair pigment types (basically melanin subtypes): eumelanin (dominant in dark-blond, brown and black hair) and pheomelanin (dominant in red hair). Pheomelanin produces pink–red hue, usually concentrated in our lips, nipples, etc.
Each week the Elizas would have to do acting as well as singing and be judged on their abilities to be posh/guttersnipes/hit the top Cs – the winner would be a triple threat who could do all of these.
- The art making is pre-articulate and comes from the felt sense.
along the same lines, but have a look and see for yourself
There are different lands (based on ages of kids).
The theme of the year is "Focus." The main components:
My younger brother Kevin and I spend a lot of evenings talking on Facebook and playing Words with Friends. In one of our conversations I told him I was going to bake a coffee cake but couldn't decided which one of the two recipes I had found online I wanted to make. I picked this one because I liked the idea of individual coffee cakes. I also liked that Chef Spike Gjerde makes this coffee cake for his Baltimore spot called Artifact Coffee.
the rains fall soft upon your fields and until we meet again,
The astrologist seemed very uncomfortable. He told the King that he thought that it meant that a great man of war had been born, or that Prussia would be dominated by an invisible power.
12. This way over the top overused word, Hot, was a Paris Hilton word that became seriously overused.In book form dictionaries, Hot is probably followed by a picture of Paris Hilton saying the words, “That’s Hot!”
1. Saves time and effort.
They might not come together as quickly as I would like. Who knows, I might not even finish before the leaves fall, but there's a lot of GOOD stuff in between the "before" and the "after"!
#2 1980 Sergio Oaxaca EP Bel Air 1500 Meters 3:51.25
Goldin has always interpreted her photography as an intimate document, saying so in the introduction to the aforementioned The Ballad of Sexual Dependency.
on the bus if I wanted, only all I remember of your eyes
Since its inauguration to public worship in December 1986, the Bahá’í House of Worship in Delhi has, as of late 2002, attracted more than 50 million visitors, making it one of the most visited buildings in the world. Its numbers of visitors during those years surpassed those of the Eiffel Tower and theTaj Mahal. On Hindu holy days, it has drawn as many as 150,000 people; it welcomes four million visitors each year (about 13,000 every day or 9 every minute).
Tomorrow night, I get to see some movie about sushi and go to the Wo Hing General Store with Tara. That's a hipster Chinese restaurant, by the way. It's on my must-eat list right after State Bird Provisions, but we couldn't get in there. Obviously. It's a new restaurant called State Bird Provisions. It's booked for decades.
This, of course, got me to thinking about what books I want to read this year to fulfill my one-book-a-month-for-fun goal. Here's what I have so far (many books I've started and still need to finish). Any other suggestions are welcome.
She let out a gasp trying to comprehend.
While I tend to agree with your thoughts regarding musical snobbery, I have never been guilty of reacting to a piece of music based on its potential to reach (or avoid) the Top Twenty. My criteria are determined by how I respond intellectually and/or emotionally to the song itself. I know that I am simply not going to like much of what appears in the pop charts, though there have been unaccountable deviations. For example, Vanessa Williams' Save The Best For Last was Number One for five weeks in 1992. I love that song, and know I shouldn't: it's a banal topic- boy realizes girl was the one for him all along, she compares it to meteorological/astronomical phenomena- and lyrically very Moon/June (in a good way, and the writers were aware of it) but containing a degree of intelligence- probably Wendy Waldman's- that places it a notch above your standard modern ballad (N.B.- one of the guys involved in this also had a hand in Crazy For You, one of two or three Madonna songs I can almost stomach). These lyrics mean nothing to me. The appeal must be, and is, the music (it's catchy) and vocal performance- just like Crazy for You, only more so here- and though I believe that just about anyone could have made this song a hit, Williams does a tremendous job of not going over the top with it, and at the same time projecting a sense of wonderment that other Pop Divas of the day- Celine, Mariah, Madonna, Amy Grant?- would be incapable of pulling off. My emotions recognize this as melodic and well-crafted early-90s radio fodder. Intellectually, my response to Save The Best For Last is that Vanessa Williams works restrained magic on an above-average obvious Hit and turns it into Art. But if this song had only reached number 84 in the Billboard singles chart that year, I would probably never had heard it.
Ambreen Agha
But, you have the first three bars of “Yucatan Sam”. Alas, there is that. You sing them gently as you tap the power button lightly. One tear falls from your cheek, pauses at your chin, and then dives – landing perfectly on your delete key. Your firmware update has been cancelled.
Exodus of thousands of white South African farmers could be near.
I love my coworkers.
Yesterday was a pretty good day, all things considered. I didn't stick exactly to my liquid plan as the hunger was just too much but I did manage to maintain control over what I ate and how much and that is more than I have been able to do in a while. I expect that today will be easier. Yesterday, I had my shakes for breakfast and lunch and then I was so weak and hungry that I had some soft scrambled eggs and a banana. Dinner was as planned. I had a small thin cut ribeye steak, a small baked potato with plain Greek Yogurt, and some asparagus spears. Today I plan to have shakes for breakfast and lunch again and will try to hold out until dinner to have food. I might even be able to really do all liquids today as my stomach feels shrunken and not so hollow. If I do eat for dinner it will be either a Lean Cuisine or a chef salad with light dressing. I'm home pretty much alone today so it shouldn't be difficult to concentrate on things besides food.
And a book full of quotes
I shouldn't have been so surprised. I have always known I would leave the Philippines one day. When I was twenty two, my mom, dad and my sister migrated to the U.S. I was left behind because I had exceeded the age limit mandated by their law.
One of the main things that stood out in this book was Bick's voice. Where most female authors possess a, well, to put it bluntly female tone, with focus on love and internalizing emotional trauma, Bick almost had a man's tone. I may be off at times, but I do believe there is a big difference in the writings of a man and woman. Men tend to take an outside in approach, females inside out. This I believe is why men tend to be so good at writing horror and mystery, women dramas and romance. Stereo typical, yes, but it is a majority, not across the board. There of course are great romantic male authors, just like there are some amazing mystery writers that are female. Now, let me bring it back to Bick. Bick parleyed both worlds. Alex while, very internalized also had a broad viewing, the best of both worlds. The narrative was almost militaristic, which would make sense with Bick's military background. It led to a highly original tone and a book that shouldn't be passed up.
2 enthusiastic - and slightly surprised - thumbs up.
Arthur Thompson, auctioneer, valuer and estate agent, was established in 1866. The green of his sign still contrasts pleasingly with the red brick. Since the firm became Arthur Thompson and March in 1949, this sign may well be pre-war.
So, is Lizzy 100% potty trained in a day? Nope. But she's miles away from where she was last Thursday, and I'm happy with that.
I thought I was on track. I thought we had a plan. A million emails have been exchanged trying to find the right combination of dates for surgery. Finally we have dates. I want confirmation that the surgeon is in-network for my insurance, and instead I get this
How about you? What did you decide?
There are many reasons why Israel exists today, why it should, why it must. Sometimes, you can give a complicated answer, and sometimes, the answer is so simple. Today is a simple one. This morning, a plane flew into Israel from Russia. It was a special flight, sent to there by the State of Israel. On board the plane, as it landed in Israel, was a special medical team, and a young man in critical condition. Aharon Alexander is 25 years old.
Working on tracing the number 2 from our Mickey Mouse Trace book. I can’t tell if she is going to be a lefty or righty, she is using both hands, this time it was the left:
"Upmarket" fiction is where things get tricky. Books like The Help, Water for Elephants, Eat, Pray, Love, and authors like Nick Hornby, Ann Patchet, and Tom Perrotta are considered "upmarket." Their concept and use of language appeal to a wider audience, but they have a slightly more sophisticated style than genre fiction and touch on themes and emotions that go deeper than the plot.
The pants seemed ok until I started wearing them in action. They ride up on me terribly and aside from the extreme discomfort of their 65% polyester/35% cotton seam riding up my backside and my crotch (my daughters favorite word beside groin), I am also not willing to give up that much aesthetics.
when reversing type (white type on a color) consider a slightly bolder (semibold) weight, and also slightly letterspace.
Ninth: Italy:
"Just because we now have a climbing wall, you know you can't get out of taking me proper climbing in the summer, don't you?"
It has been 22 months. For 22 months I have pined for you. I am beginning to wonder if I should let it go and move on.
So Tommie tells me he’s working on some projects and he’d like to take some photos. Makes perfect sense. We decided we’d try to get a couple different looks. He’s interested in modeling and acting, so we could have some fun. I was very excited about shooting him, because he’s a snazzy dresser, and he did not disappoint.
If my local authority cuts my care package or demands I transfer to NHS care (because they regard using a ventilator as the trigger for health services), I lose control of my life. I might have to leave parliament, or give up work altogether (because I need social care direct payments to do everything, from eating a sandwich to delivering a speech). I am only a few bureaucratic decisions away from returning to the inequality I endured at 18. It wouldn’t take long to transform all my relationships with my colleagues, partner, family, friends into one which gives little or nothing to anyone. Everyone loses.
And all them rules is suddenly old hat.
Talk about a total rip off!!!!
I know I have shared this digi with you before and said I wasn't too sue on where it was from, I can now tell you its from Whoopsidaisy, but I don't know the name of it, I have been over there tonight and a couple have bought my eye... may have to pop over there tomorrow when the brain is functioning better!! I coloured the image up a while ago and decided to make her up tonight....
who's in???
13 You pushed me violently, that I might fall,
The crowd cheered and a few yelled out, “Obama, Obama!”
“I find your lack of faith disturbing.”
I’m so excited to keep using them and learn different techniques with them. My tattoo artist works with them, and his pictures are AMAZING!! If I could create pictures half as good as he can, I would be completely happy!
Sunday I spent my morning with that sweet little one there on the right, Miss Delany Rose Keilman. One of the prettiest babies I have ever seen! Truth. I don't love newborn shoots. They are so hard for me to do, I don't feel like I am good at positioning babies, etc. She made my job kinda easy and might have changed my mind just a little bit about not loving them as much. I mean look at her, she is sweetness. When I got home, I took the kids swimming (we can't wait for summer) and then Lola grocery shopping! I can't believe they were able to fit it all back in my cart, I had it overflowing and usually when that happens, I end up with two carts! But my little helper was able to help me push our one very overflowing cart to the car! My babysitters will be happy to know that our pantry is fully stocked and ready for them (they never thought it was empty btw, but I thought it was and felt horrible when Alyssa was over watching the kids on Friday night)! They always comment on the food! Makes me giggle! After the grocery store, I spent the rest of the evening editing mommy and daddy Keilman's favorite pictures of their new addition!
I am an admitted pessimist, but my gloomy mood is actually rooted in something different from the caustic cynicism that has dominated the past two decades of popular entertainment. This is frustrating because this gloom and ironic gloom is a pessimism that trains be to identity as positively what they should probably reject in themselves. The writers at the rather enigmatic blogger at Spass ohne Grenzen cut to what I like to call “pessimism” of the will, which masks itself as an ideology of the gleeful ,ironic every-man:
To evolve, or if necessary to close a chapter ….
As the Chamber notes, public reports indicated that the rebel forces with which Taylor was aligned were committing various atrocities, including unlawful killings, sexual violence, physical violence, looting, conscription and use of child soldiers, abduction, terrorism, and other atrocities. It was ‘public knowledge’, says the Trial Chamber, so it is not a difficult leap to concluded that Charles Taylor also
There is speculation that the report by the BBC on Uzbekistan may mask another issue: women seeking sterilization but not informing their families because they will be ostracized for not wanting to have more children. But this alternative narrative underscores the importance of promoting women’s rights and gender equality to ensure that women and their partners can freely exercise their reproductive rights. Women who feel their only control over their fertility is to be secretly sterilized are clearly not able to make their own decisions.
"And so by cheating with you, they get even and everything's okay?"
I`m totally in love with this card.. it has been such a long time since I made a criss cross card that was so enjoyable to make this one!
One advantage to using gravel is that it deters slugs, so you may improve your chances of success as a result. Though I can’t guarantee that! Top tip – grow more seedlings than you need to begin with, so that if the slugs or snails take the first batch, you’ve got more in reserve.
This is an example of chaya in a field. It is older days than Meiji era, though.
This girl likes stroller rides and being outside and being carried around. She mostly just gets to tag along with whatever her brothers are doing. She has watched a LOT of baseball already in her young little life.
He told us that the friend who had been kidnapped with him could not walk because the security men had burnt the soles of his feet with red hot coals, and then forced him to stand for lengthy periods. We never found out where the friend was being held in Quatro, so we presumed he must have 'disappeared', as had so many others. (p.96)
I hope it wasn't a date.
I'll be honest. I wasn't quite sure exactly what to do with this thing. True story, I texted Erica earlier, asking her how it works so I could try it out to write my review for it. She wrote back saying to use it when I got out of the shower, it's like lotion, and it will leave my skin feeling "a little oily at first, but it would soak in."
Please leave out the ice, sleet, rain, and mixed, just send snow. Snow is managable, I like snow, I love snow, the other stuff is just plain evil.
When you watch a Lions game you can see the emotion that Raiola plays with. He's seen a lot of bad in his time with the Lions and now he's starting to see a turn around. For his sake hopefully he remembers the good times.
St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital
Vannozza takes the night to get good and mad, then bursts into Alexander’s rooms the following day to yell at him for taking a mistress when he’d told her he had to be seen to be chaste. Alexander hustles her away from the cardinals he was meeting with and tells her she’ll always have a special place in his heart, as the mother of his children. She tearfully asks why it had to be Giulia and Alexander fiercely says the girl was in need, just as Vannozza herself was, once. Like Nucky Thompson, a damsel in distress is his Achilles Heel. He finally manages to talk her down, and they settle down side by side, spent. She tells him they need a new understanding. She’ll keep her peace, but she won’t be made a fool of. And she wants a portrait by the same artist who’s painting Giulia. She orders Alexander to make sure the guy does her justice, as she was once beautiful. “You still are,” he says huskily, reaching right into her crotch. She removes his hand and reminds him he promised not to lie to her. He’s not, honey. We should all age as well as you have.
2. In a large bowl, whisk flours, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt until thoroughly combined.
#2. Throw a cinnamon stick into your pot of beans while they cook. Not many people cook their own beans, since it requires overnight soaking (and therefore planning). But I think they taste much better than canned. I interned in the Greens kitchen here in SF several years ago, and they always threw a cinnamon stick in when they cooked their pinto beans. I later learned that cinnamon can improve digestibility.
but I would rather be outside
There are so many more examples like this one but the one that's really got my blood boiling lately is the party circuit. There are so many rules it's out of control.
I just couldn’t help myself and I found myself wishing I knew their language so that I could sing with them.
I have endorsed Mark Meadows in this race.
Saw the Hunger games. Liked it a lot but still hard to transfer the book to film.
(7) Best Legislation of 2010: The repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. It’s time.
MedWire News: High levels of plasma vitamin D are associated with an increased risk for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and basal cell carcinoma (BCC) in women, report researchers.
An action-packed tale of gowns, guys, guns--and the heroines who use them all. Set in Edwardian London, The Friday Society follows the stories of three very intelligent and talented young women, all of whom are assistants to powerful men: Cora, lab assistant; Michiko, Japanese fight assistant; and Nellie, magician's assistant. The three young women's lives become inexorably intertwined after a chance meeting at a ball that ends with the discovery of a murdered mystery man.
"The Blessing of the Hands," revised by Reverend Daniel L. Harris:
A significant amount of at least 10% of the scotland italy tickets in regard to real estate remains a proverbial hot property in Italy to rebuilt its economy and to later emerge once again became a fragmented group of city states, and the scotland italy tickets for Europe while under the scotland italy tickets for investment real estate is selling at a roadside ristorante in a modernized shell. The land on one hand offers unmatched simplicity and the scotland italy tickets from Milan to Rome will be spoiled for choice.
I wish that teleporting had been invented..
and lean against wishful thinking
Hump From Bending
What's this? A tiny little post? From me?
everything you need — because My heart is set on blessing you!”
However, last night we were informed that our chances of being able to adopt a child through the Department of Family and Children Services (DFCS) without being an active foster home were slim to none. Therefore, it looks like we are going to be a foster/adoptive home. What this means is that when a child comes to our home, the parental rights of at least one of the parents involved will already be terminated and the caseplan for the other parents involved will not be going as it should and, thus, it is more likely the child will become available for adoption. While there is still a small chance the child will be returned to their biological family, there is a much higher probability the child will be made available for adoption and, as the foster parents, we would be given the first opportunity to adopt the child.
Smarr also keeps track of his diet and to this day uses his cell phone to photograph nearly every meal he eats. An app then estimates from the picture the number of calories in the meal.
We had two more beers to try. The Strass, another farm, had that same floral character, and the lemon zest, but also had a pleasantly buzzy pepper note. The last beer was made with a blend of the other five hops, the Braumeister Blend. This...had harmonious bitterness. While the aroma was not as precise as the others, it was beautiful and bright. Great pilsner.
Welcome back to Sweet Saturday Samples! Here's a bit I wrote last week showing some interaction between Rod Owen and his former neighbor from Virginia, Edward Morgan.
In my early years of fly tying I thought that parachute patterns was the best imitation for the dun stage. That was also what I learned from the magazines,books and the more experienced anglers I knew. The truth is that a parachute fly really imitates the change from nymph to dun. It also works great as a drowned dun in rough waters or weather conditions. I find myself fishing the emergers and spent spinners way more than I do the dun stage. To our eyes the parachute may look as the perfect imitation for a dun, but it’s really not.
-If you are standing with a group of people and she lingers, stand next to you, maybe not next to you but hangs around you. She just doesn’t leave or go to the other side of the room but stands around you even if it’s two people away, she could be interested and don’t look for eye contact because it might not be the case for shy person. She may not give you the eye contact but the fact that she is physically near you that’s a good sign
collection, and a book firmly rooted to the heartland, the Midwest, where Smith lived for much of his adult life. It is a book, however, that marks a more mature (but no more reticent) voice, where Smith’s sense of his own humanity seeps in and mixes in with his other concerns, reflectively. “When It’s Time to Go,” is a perfect example of this latter development:
Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium high heat. Add a couple tablespoons of oil and cover the bottom with a layer of the seasoned meat. Brown on both sides turning once. The desire is to put a caramelized coating on the meat over high heat but be careful not to burn the sucs or browned coating of fond in the bottom of the pan. Remove cooked meat to a paper lined plate to drain and continue cooking remaining sliced meat adding more oil as needed. In the same skillet, cook the ground beef stirring along the bottom to loosen the flavorful brown sucs. Drain the grease off and set meat aside. Dice the browned slices of beef & pork into 1/4-inch pieces, add to the cooked ground beef.
Winners receive tiaras and/or laurel wreaths.
Those accused of offences that endangered life (arson, assault, and worse) should face custodial sentences, but it’s pointless to send those accused of theft offence to prison. They should receive harsh community penalties: curfews, and community work obligations measured in thousands of hours. There should, over the next few weeks, be hundreds of people in hi-visibility jackets being forced to spend every minute of their leisure time improving the communities they have attacked, and facing the prospect of doing the same for the next year. Unfortunately, the current sentencing framework makes this impossible – because previous calls for punishment to be harsher has seen prison prioritized over everything else.
Here's this week's sketch:
I glanced back over to the man in the orange shirt and sweatpants as he spoke to my brother and me. These clothes were, in my opinion, unworthy of the inspiring dignity, conviction, and love with which this man and the other had boldly listened, considered, and spoke earlier in the day.
Lesson: If your site isn’t getting across what you need, then invest in the resources to make it effective. If text articles aren’t engaging your potential customers, then it might be time to try to reach them by video. Perhaps return visitors to your site would improve if you added a newsletter signup to keep interested parties in the loop. Or is your site design out of date, and not conveying the caliber of your company and its products or services? Look beyond what’s in your immediate arsenal and consider what that smartest next step might be.
This Bolthouse Farms Honey Mustard dressing is yogurt based, and 1 serving, which is 2 tablespoons (just about what I put on the plate), is 45 calories and 1.5 grams of fat. Fantastic! Honey mustard is one of my favorite dressings and dips, and I’m particularly fond of this brand.
Societies Act of 1799
It's a slow fade, it's a slow fade
2010.09.19 Thailand Narathiwat 2 0 Two elderly Buddhist villagers are shot to death in their homes by Islamic gunmen.
What made CISPA so controversial is a section saying that, “notwithstanding any other provision of law,” companies may share information with Homeland Security, the IRS, the NSA, or other agencies. By including the word “notwithstanding,” CISPA’s drafters intended to make their legislation trump all existing federal and state laws, including ones dealing with wiretaps, educational records, medical privacy, and more.
Maturity and wisdom (like good wine, cheese...) comes with age..., my dear friends, it is not that I don't understand your frustration, however, you are fighting a losing battle I'm afraid, do NOT give them the satisfaction of not uploading your images... that is what they want ultimately, take out the best photographers and they become the top Rooster! Once that happens, start looking for another, newer site, caus this one is dying...
I’m so fortunate to shoot this event, especially given the money raised (some which impact specific hospital procedures people don’t normally hear about) have helped babies of my friends who have grown to be healthy kids.
“I think I can answer that,” Kat told him as she transferred her espresso to Audrey’s table and sat down. “Go on the inter- views. I think we’ve decided which candidate is the best choice. I’m so sorry, but good luck to you.” Her smile emanated a ray of pure sunshine.
The ‘prize’ for me, is reaching the end of the sand, and being able to see the rocks up close. Watching the waves crash. The Ocean was pretty mild at Road’s End this day. It’s crazy how thick the clouds can be to block out the sun.
What I know is I love English (I also love Tagalog/Filipino too, don’t worry). The Philippine writing community also seems to love English. If you want to be a writer in the Philippines, oftentimes that means you write in English. I never really consciously chose English when I decided to be a writer. It was just automatic. When I write, I just write in English. Lately, I have written English pieces with a few Filipino words. Again, it wasn’t a conscious decision, I just felt like certain phrases were best expressed in Filipino.
And of course, no cinema experience is complete without the couple who barely see ten minutes of the film because they're too busy eating each other's faces off. The worst bit is they're always sat in a position that makes it practically impossible to ignore them. Then at some point one of them happens to glance up and sees you watching them and say's indignantly "Do you mind?", to which their partner tut's and mutter's "Pervs!". This drives me insane! I want to say "Actually, do YOU mind? I came here to watch a film, instead I have to watch you two play tonsil tennis and I can't hear the film because it's drowned out by you slurping all over each other! Now go get a room, FFS!"
thing. Today, we’re tackling the letter to Smyrna. (weird name, right?)
I fell asleep, woke up, sniffed. Fell asleep, woke up, sniffed.
1:00 pm
Well here are the scary charts that reflect just how awful I’ve been. Thank goodness for car payments because I’m pretty sure it would’ve been a flat line without.
* That both boys fell ill with the same damn flu/vomit bug
Two new vendors will be present - New Brew and NH20. New Brew will be bringing non alcoholic malted beverages served warm. Coffee infused, naturally sweet and earthy, and chocolate cinnamon will be offered. NH20 is crystal clear water harvested on the 282 acre Sunny Slope Farm in Alton. This product was awarded best of NH for 2010.
2/3 cup butter
I know, I'm so old-school, I should be tweeting my life in a 140 characters except that I have a LOT to say.
All of those factors seems likely, though not certain, so it’s fun to look down the road and consider some hypothetical trades. Which teams would be good fits for a trade? Here are the prerequisite traits for a compatible trade partner:
Meanwhile is tomorrow REALLY December 1? In denial here...big time.
I have a million things for which to thank my parents. But one of the biggest is that they taught me the importance of story. In all the moments of doubt in my writing career so far––and believe me, there have been many––I've never once doubted that telling stories about young people is important. Of course, young people need excellent books, no one argues this. More importantly, stories about young people are about a time of intense change, of learning and growing up and becoming who we're meant to be. For me, this process of facing challenges, of remaining open to change, of continuing to grow into who I'm becoming hasn't ended at 21 or 30. When I write stories about young people, I write about my own questions. I read an awful lot of books with young protagonists, too. I learn from these young characters, from their willingness to stay open, even when change is difficult, from their ability to step into the "what if..." questions.
Sorry? Sorry?? Bullshit!
As a subscriber to “The Connected Principal,” blog, I recently read a blog post by Jeff Delp, who is currently the Assistant Principal at Willis Junior High School in Chandler, Arizona. He stated very nicely the kinds of questions strong school leaders need to ask in order to create learning environments appropriate for preparing our student for the workplace and work life of tomorrow: He asks leaders to ask:
Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, Universal Technical Institute, Inc. (NYSE: UTI) is the leading provider of post-secondary education for students seeking careers as professional automotive, diesel, collision repair, motorcycle and marine technicians. With more than 160,000 graduates in its 47-year history, UTI offers undergraduate degree, diploma and certificate programs at 11 campuses across the United States, as well as manufacturer-specific training programs at dedicated training centers. Through its campus-based school system, UTI provides specialized post-secondary education programs under the banner of several well-known brands, including Universal Technical Institute (UTI), Motorcycle Mechanics Institute and Marine Mechanics Institute (MMI) and NASCAR Technical Institute (NTI).
22nd of November 2011
I think there could be another post to follow on the ‘heroic sufferer’, but enough for today!
I love the ladies I work with, so it wasn’t a bad thing to be doing.
“You’re too fat and well dressed to be an apprentice after patronage so you must be here to beg a favour, and when your kind says hello, it tends to take a while. No, shut up.”
Anyway, this golden child of mine cooked Thanksgiving dinner all by herself and it was very good. She did allow me to peel the potatoes and cut up the veggies, but made me sit down while I did that. She allowed her brother to make the turkey gravy. But everyone else was banned from the kitchen!
Okay. So far, he’s adventurous, fearless, and travels well but we had lots of really cool names put up on facebook that could apply and nothing was really standing out.
34.- Teach your children to forgive others.
2 bottles of Chardonnay
The sun turned the sky into a pallet of pastels before the blazing orange orb disappeared below the horizon. She held her breath as the last thread of light faded and night encompassed her. The breeze that had earlier rustled the leaves fell still, and the silence of the empty prairie sent a shiver down her spine. Realizing isolation she’d never felt before, she sensed a lump forming in her throat. The loneliness when her ma and pa had passed had been horrid, but at least there were other humans around. Now, she
PCC: “I didn’t realise that my knees could bend in 7 different directions…I assume that’s normal.”
One of the things we had in common was a love for Chinese food and this dinner featured several of our favourite dishes.
MAKES 12 CUPCAKES
Tommy Mickens killed his parents
At the same time that the payroll tax’s regressive nature (and the declining progressivity of the income, capital gains, and estate taxes) places a substantial stumbling block in the path of efforts to reduce economic inequality in America, it’s also true that the programs that the payroll tax is supposed to fund need work. As I pointed out previously, there is much work that needs to be done in improving the quality of the American safety net.
But wait! There just might be another performing family member. Jillian says there’s a rumor that her great uncle Bobby Paguio (a.k.a “Ling”) is alive and living in Northern California. None of her branch of the family is in touch with him. If anyone has any leads, please get in touch via this blog and I’ll pass the news on to Jillian. There are so many questions to ask.
I would be lying if I didn’t say that Community got off to a rough start. Even from the beginning, the meta-humor was present (Abed didn’t just lean on the fourth wall. He would open trap doors and walk back and forth around it), but it didn’t seem to be occurring as naturally/with as much ease. The characters took a long time to get fleshed out, and before they really figured out who they were all supposed to be, the group dynamic often felt very strange. Honestly, it wasn’t until the group came back from their Christmas break that I felt like the show really embraced its surrealist and bizarre roots. Once it decided to let its freak flag fly though, Community became like virtually no other show on TV. I can’t think of another comedy that feels as fun as this one. You can tell the cast is enjoying itself and because it doesn’t take itself seriously whatsoever, its energy and enthusiasm is completely infectious. One of the last episodes of the season, “Modern Warfare,” about a paintball tournament in the school for priority registration that turns into every action film ever made is one of the best episodes of a sitcom I’ve ever watched.
I don’t pay conscious attention to fashion, but I do appreciate good tailoring. I’ve had a lot of luck with Giorgio Armani. There’s something about the way he makes clothes that suits me. I’m a really big fan.
To be fair the matches have been very close, but, my biggest problem is IPL makes for unfair battles where champions are pitted against trundlers who get smashed. Rarely are we given treats like when AB Devilliers took apart Dale Steyn the other night. That apart I was just wondering what good does IPL do to Indian cricket apart from earning money, money they say is very important but hey remember we never had money problems in India did we ? Our matches and our cricketers were always well paid and there was enough revenue. So, IPL does give more opportunities for our youngsters, while only 20-25 would get a chance of playing for India now many more can hope to be in the game and make their careers. Which is the only good thing I like about IPL a budding cricketer can be now encouraged to take up a sport he loves and not just be worried about his Maths or Science marks all his life whether he likes it or not.
so I am willing to go along, to accept
To make this card;
Owls are in style once again. My mother-in-law collected them way back and just took down her collection a few years ago.
Given her age however, Dr. Schaeffer recommended that the Taylors have a geriatric blood panel and urinalysis done on Willow. The lab work would be used to monitor her hyperthyroidism and to assess Willow’s general health.
“Time to go,” says Dad.
And it’s sickening to the heart of God because he LOVES people intimately and passionately. He created us for RELATIONSHIP and we have chosen religion instead. He created us for CONVERSATION with him, and instead we have chosen rules and regulations and endless lists of do’s and don’ts.
