When I arrived home, I checked the books and smelled them because the scent of a new book relaxes me, and my mind for no apparent reason at all. Some may say this is weird, while some may agree. Well anyway, since my book collection is now growing I guess it’s now time to buy a something that will keep my books safe and clean from dust and such.
TIP #5
“What?!?!?!”
As a part of my responsibilities as a nominee, i must:
6-Revolver. I would then see the skate find it's mate, only to view it's last moments at the end of a mean-faced revolver. The gun would laugh once the dead skate had fallen through the ice, taking it's mate with it to the afterlife.
who like ghost stories,
Or “I can get this much cheaper in America.” (hope to see you in 3 weeks, Calvin Klein tote)
whatever to whoever they damn well please.
*USA & Canada. Fill out the Rafflecopter to enter. Prizes shipped direct from sponsor. Winner(s) have 48 hours to respond to email or a new winner will be selected.
Strong nationalist sentiments or patriotic feelings of any kind especially those which have grown over a long period and are deeply embedded in the national culture are a major obstacle to the ideology of Marxism-Leninism (and multiculturalism). Any attempt to reverse these social affinities and loyalties would, if it relied on purely peaceful means, take decades even centuries to overcome, if at all, and despite the view among the party that the victory of communism was inevitable - capitalism in all its forms was doomed - Lenin was not going to wait until the peasants, bourgeoisie, landowners and emerging industrialists, the “masses” in the jargon of class war, were persuaded of the benefits of the common ownership of the means of production and gratefully abandoned the pursuit of profit and private property. 1917 was Year Zero, the tabula rasa, when the errors of some two thousand years of man’s history were to be rectified by the teachings of Marx and Lenin, at least in Russia, to begin with.
except inside my head
The extinction of the Middle East's Christian communities is an injustice of historic magnitude. Yet Israel provides an example of how this trend can not only be prevented but reversed. With the respect and appreciation that they receive in the Jewish state, the Christians of Muslim countries could not only survive but thrive.
I found it a bit suspicious and naive of the Army was quickly to suggest that Staff Sgt. Bales’ actions was a result of him consuming alcohol. For one, it was never mentioned the amount of alcohol Bales consumed; certainly one or two beers would never push someone over the edge to commit a massacre of 17. Much of the information is obviously being suppressed. There is a strong correlation that Bales was prescribed antidepressants like Luvox, Prozac, or even Lariam–an anti-malaria pill, but has psychotic, paranoid reactions.
Some of my younger readers might find this of interest. The Yeagers are what I would have considered a normal American family, the kind I knew when I was growing up. Gordon worked hard and eventually owned his own business, a Chevrolet dealership. He went to church, had a drink now and then, smoked and enjoyed hunting, shooting and fishing. Norma raised responsible, loving children and, from what they say, was an excellent hostess. She also helped Gordon run his car dealership.
Teleportation should be a research priority. Non?
As you girls realize the importance of the home and family and keep the commandments of God to multiply and replenish the earth, to love the Lord and your neighbors as yourselves, to teach your children to pray and to walk uprightly before him, then will your joy be increased and your blessings multiplied to the extent that you will hardly be able to contain them.
I am excited about reading the next of the children which survived the brutal attack on the family. Secrets to Seducing a Scot was a fantastic start to this Highland Knaves series.
And two regrets: not having smashed that phone against the wall, and taking a year to reach out to my littlest brother after I left.
Fresh berries, to serve
Christina:
truth is beyond touch;
New post on Parent-Free By Choice today. Read this contribution by Connie, who survived neglect and abuse, and even tried giving her mother a second chance:
But he who tried hard failed to get noticed,
I wasn't sure if The Crystal Menage could drive a narrative; I'm still not sure. I'm encountering a few hurdles, perhaps the most striking of which is that I know nothing about Private Detective work. I'm fudging it a little by making this a particularly shady private detective (I know all about being a shady character) but I feel like the story is going to showcase my lack of knowledge at some point.
* Wicked Girls: A Novel of the Salem Witch Trials by Stephanie Hemphill
156. “When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible.” – Nido Qubein
There were Race battles in 1919 in Glasgow in January, in South Shields in January and February, in London in April, and in Liverpool, Cardiff, Barry and Newport in June!
2 tbsp cold unsalted butter cut into pieces
Maggie rarely finishes her dinner, so I try to make a big deal about it when she does and make sure she gets a dessert. Tonight, she got to choose a Christmas cookie. She selected a Spritz cookie - a green Christmas tree. I asked her what it looked like. "Some peas!" So, I righted it. "A tri-ngle!" (a triangle). She wasn't off on either account.
1 chuckling
It’s also important, however, to note that when certain things like this vanish from where lots of public eyes are placed on them the potential for labor abuse increases, so vigilance is required in making sure the consumer surplus here isn’t extracted at the price of workers as well as the price of downtown rents. Also keep in mind, however, that full employment organically restores significant leverage to the working class, so it’s also important to continually advocate to put everyone in America to work.
So back to busy again. And if the Universe sees fit to comply with my modest request, I can post pictures of the new work in the coming weeks.
This is only one of many challenges and close calls, and it was sometimes difficult to believe Gene's successes. And, the main premise, that Gene has been able to hide his humanness is hard to believe. I got past that, because my heart was pounding during much of The Hunt. During those "close calls," I was rooting for Gene. I wanted the Hepers in captivity to somehow be able to survive and defeat the vampires.
Nod sagely; scratch chin and then look at hand.
“We will be looking into clearer announcements to the public as this is obviously a problem that needs to be addressed”.
I swear to Cthulu I was so overjoyed at seeing Jurassic Park in this format that I nearly cried at one point. After all, being a boy of the nineties, Jurassic Park was a massive part of my childhood. I was obsessed with dinosaurs as a child, and obsessed with Jeff Goldblum. Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park forever warped my fashion sense. I still dress like Ian Malcolm. When I was thirteen, I owned a pair of leather trousers because I thought that they were the sort of thing that Ian Malcolm would wear. Whenever I go clothes shopping nowadays, a small part of my mind always buys with the motto "WWIMW" (What Would Ian Malcolm Wear?). I even used to scatter my speeches with carefully placed "ums" and "ahs". Thanks a lot Jeff Goldblum. Thanks a lot Jurassic Park, that's why people seem to think I'm a mathematician and a Jeff Goldblum gay. Ian Malcolm is the original man-crush.
In several small studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) has been effective in temporarily relieving chronic itch associated with varying dermatoses. TENS is a treatment in which mild electrical current is passed through electrodes on the skin to stimulate nerves and block pain signals. Portable TENS units are available for home use.
Having recently moved into a different office building at work, I got the opportunity to choose a few goodies for my new office:) I still need artwork, so we'll see how that goes.
The difference though, and one in which the analogy falls apart, is the end result of the amputation. Jesus, while speaking to a multitude, identifies a portion of the standard by which the unbeliever will be judged – to lust after is to commit adultery. That’s a standard that I suspect dooms all of us. Further, we’re told to love our enemies and that if we hate our brother, we’ve essentially commit murder. In considering this standard and the rest of the Scriptures concerning the requirements for entering the presence of God, without mention of the number of other commandments that we repeatedly break, we see that the amputation won’t be sufficient to keep us from judgment. We don’t require eyes to lust or hands to hate.
And this is another little number I've been working on involving another out-of-control stash of leafy prints. I have enough to make two larger quilts out of the fabric I have set aside for this one. I'm currently held up, though, as I wait for one last 1/2 yard of Kona Tangerine to show up.
That doesn't mean I have never exercised. I surely have. I have step aerobicized, Zumba'd, Body Pump'd, Jazzercised, Kick Boxed, real boxed (this was my favorite but I jammed my wrists and had to stop). I've stair stepped, ellipticated, arc trained, lifted weights and done sit ups on a ball. I have stationary biked, biked outside and roller bladed. I simply have never run.
This recipe is so awesome simple! Don’t have to get anything to room temp and you don’t need a KitchenAid mixer. The secret is bringing 1 c water, ½ c oil, 1 stick butter and ¼ c + 1T (or 5 T) cocoa powder to a boil and then adding it to a 2 c flour, 2 c sugar and ½ t salt mixture. Add in ½ c buttermilk and 1 t baking soda. Mix 2 eggs, 1 ½ t cinnamon and 1 t vanilla in a small bowl and combine with batter. That's it!! Bake in a Bundt at 375 for 30-35 minutes (the original recipe says 25 minutes but mine has been raw at this point). Cool in the pan (I took depanned mine after about 20 minutes with no problems).
So, here we go. And you get to watch. We might even come live near you for a few weeks. Hope to see you then!
Love each other - that means love EVERYONE! That's why this commandment is hard, because it's not just loving those people you love and like and accept. It's actually about loving the people you don't agree with, don't understand and don't like very much - how do we do that? And that's where we rely on God; that's when we realise how much we need Him.
this happened to remind me of who i am
After closing for two years for a thoughtful restoration to revive this iconic gem, 5 star Hotel Bel-Air‘s redesign now, more than ever, celebrates the surrounding landscape by seamlessly blending the indoor and outdoor experience. Nestled in the Bel-Air Estates neighborhood of Los Angeles, the Hotel Bel-Air is a sprawling oasis, only minutes from Century City, Beverly Hills and Westwood. Enjoy complimentary breakfast for two during your stay on us!
That was the first time that I realized I was supposed to help people. It sounds cheesy, but I have always had, not just an urge, but a need, to help others (and usually, an action plan!). When I was in fourth grade I wrote a paper about what I wanted to be when I grew up, and I put, "an attorney so I can help people." I don't think I even knew what attorneys did, that's just always what my parents had told me I was going to be. But I knew that I wanted to do something important, that would make an impact on people. At 19 I realized I wanted to be a nurse, but the timing was all kinds of wrong. My dad had passed away, my mom had all but abandoned me (she moved 60 miles away and didn't speak to me for two years), and my sister and I were left to run a business. That was not either of our dreams, but it was what we had to do. A lot of times I think about that part of my life and wish things were different. I picture myself going away to school like everyone else, living in a shitty dorm somewhere and eating ketchup packets for lunch because I can't afford the cafeteria food, and not having all the responsibilities of a grown adult when I was still a kid. But, as they say, it is what it is.
We do offer various opportunities to rake in order to earn money from poker rooms. Playing poker online is really a matter of luck. It is not, that you will always get the best deal. Most lovers of poker players prefer to play rakeback if they get good promotions or bonuses.
It is just behind the Borough Market, even sharing some of its facilities. Yet it is surprisingly quiet compared to other pubs in the vicinity. Appearantly, few seems to have found the narrow path to Beerdom.
Well the police showed up spoke with the guy outside for under a minute and the dude drove off. The cop came in with kind of a smirk and introduced himself. He said well Mr. Buxcel we have had problems with that guy before and he unfortunately had suffered head injuries from boxing and a car wreck. The police officer went on to say him and his brothers actually grew up with this guy. I was relieved that the dude was not going to pull out a weapon and go postal but a bit sad that he suffered. I also thought it was pretty ballsy for him to follow us and ask "what up".
"Living a life of faith means never knowing where you are being led. But it does mean loving and knowing the One who is leading."Even in my attempts to live a life of faith, I wonder if I'm really depending on God for everything. As long as I know that everything will be fine, I'm ready to move... but if there are any questions lingering, I find myself saying, "I don't have a peace about this." Is my faith deep enough to move me in spite of that restlessness? Am I willing to blindly step out in obedience as Abraham did?
and softly,
Now if you really don't care for all the actual writing software programs, and trust me, there are tons out there ranging from FREE to HUNDREDS of dollars, there are other options. I can't imagine spending a ton of money on a program when there are perfectly good free ones out there. But if none of them are for you, Microsoft Word, OpenOffice or LibreOffice are easy to use. I should mention that LibreOffice has the look and feel of a Mac program which is pretty cool.
Once I was done with the big scraps, I went through the small scraps left over from cutting diapers. Anything big enough was cut into wipes (ours need some refreshing). That's the wipe pile to the left of the diapers.
Stamps - Papertrey Ink Fillable Frames #10 for the You're Invited sentiment and Lizzie Anne Celebration Sayings for the happy turkey day sentiment, and the leaf stamps are from Stampin' Up Give Thanks set
Space, Place and Time
In fact, what I did was make them look good when standing beside me. Of course, at first I’d wonder why they were always dancing with boys, but I didn’t lose sleep about it and was a good lesson to learn.
Crafts – learned skills; useful & functional results
“She remained very relaxed, because she knew that the cuddly cat would continue to visit her on the sofa in her living room!”
Since it is not like me to shamelessly vote for myself more than 1,000 times (THAT’S where I draw the line. I have my dignity !) I thought I’d throw out a hint ( in groveling form….) to my readers that should you feel so inclined, you might want to click on the link below….
Upon first coming to Costa Rica it’s impossible not to notice the security—it is rampant. Armed guards stand watch in parking lots at restaurants and grocery stores, coiled wire rests atop fences, iron gates keep unwanted visitors from entering condo developments. I’ve found that after living here for a while, I stopped noticing the unsightly wires as much and the ever-present guards don’t faze me; it’s acclimation at its best.
The actor/actress performs some sort of minor heroic act, witnessed by the villain. Cue the sarcastic hand-clap. Makes the hero, and the audience, want to slap the smug bastard silly. Clichéd but it works. See: The Dark Knight, The Breakfast Club, Primal Fear
Stones with Mick Taylor
As parents we are doing the best we can!
- Oh yes. Local mover & shaker and scene setter. Has a little parochial hour on our local State Sponsored airwaves.
Cooking time: 6 min (approximately).
Did their motives confuse you or mislead you. All your life as a child, you tried to do your best to do what you thought was the right thing according to what you understood. Take your time, reflect. Be thorough.
And this time reading it I got this strange and lovely image: of Moses and the angels, sitting around a campfire. The sun just barely gone down. The first angel speaks, and Moses hears one truth wrapped in one story of the creation. Then the second angel speaks, and gives Moses another truth wrapped in another version. And so it goes, from angel to angel, story to story, history rising in zigzagging layers, wisdom building line upon line. Because Moses knows what it means to have ears to hear.
* Had a photo session scheduled early for the day & when I went to bed, the rain forecast was only 20% ... woke up & it was cloudy, thundering & the rain chances were 80%... so much for overnight changes. We ended up pushing back the session till later in the day
About 9.30am yesterday (Thursday 3 May 2012), a staff member and a number of students at a school on Anson Street in Orange located an injured kangaroo near the school’s agriculture plot.
Pie Chart!
Might as well have
Last week (23/4/12) I attended UWE’s E-Books: Experiences and Future Directions Conference. It was a Joint Higher Education and NHS, free of charge event for Library Staff.
They are No-Show Socks made by Hue (which most women readers will likely recognize as the maker of tights, leggings, etc.). Unlike my Banana Republic pair, these have elastic around the upper portion, which allows them to stay up better. However, the best part about them is that they have a little silicone pad on the back heel which helps prevent them from slipping down off the heel. While I'm not going to say that they never slip, I would say 85% of the time they manage to stay up, regardless of what type of shoes I'm wearing. I currently wear them with boat shoes, blucher mocs, Wallabees, LL Bean rubber mocs, penny loafers, and other types of dress shoes. I wear them probably 95% of the time nowadays.
“A prayer is a command or order given consciously by you to fulfil a specific desire or wish FOR YOURSELF!!!!”
It took a while for me to learn
Now calmed for some reason (I don’t get it – he’s enraged because he needs to mate, but then a good fight works it all out of his system? Is “fight to the death with my best friend” 1960s code for “masturbation?”), Spock is all, “T’Pring, what the hell?” And T’Pring tells him, “I don’t want to marry a legend. I want a normal guy who’s here like Stonn. He was going to fight, but then you brought the humans and, screw those guys, right? This way, whatever happens, whoever dies, I still end up with Stonn. Well, unless you’re really pathetic and decide to keep me anyway, in which case I’m totally cheating on you behind your beck while you’re away playing dress up. Aren’t I clever?”
It is a tidy bit of verbal sleight-of-hand that accomplishes two objectives at once. First, it subtly acknowledges the dirty little secret that anyone with eyes can see, but no one wants to say out loud -- that the Internet has thus far been a weak advertising medium. But it cleverly tries to make the preposterous case that this weakness is actually a strength -- that web advertising (specifically, content marketing and social media) are more effective because of their low impact.
Because what these murderers and madmen have said differs very little from what spokespersons for the United Nations, journalists for the “mainstream” media, and liberal politicians say about global warming.
I’m also nervous about starting with new carers such as a psychologist, psychiatrist, social worker, care workers that come to visit the apartment on a daily basis and so on. Hoping that the ‘match’ will be good between myself and the psychologist. That’s the main thing that concerns me. I should try not to worry and just go with the flow. I hate worrying about things that are in the future that I should just go with the flow with and not cause myself anxiety over. I’ve certainly got some CBT to be doing that could help me!
Is it just me or does the ice cream truck creep you out? The music reminds me of something the witch in the gingerbread house would play or the truck that snatched kids away in the night from a movie that I can't for the life of me remember the title of.
I’m not sure when I first became a night owl as I’m a person who loves their sleep, but with the onset of depression the my sleeping patterns changed dramatically and it appeared to me, that sleep during the day seemed more beneficial and the witching hours just seemed right.
How to check if the custard has set? It should be firm and springy to the touch! Note that the colour of the pudding has darkened… It’s normal, because the caramel is seeping into the pudding!
The jail is slipping down the hill due to land erosion and explosions in the mines, the jail slid down the hill, across the road and came to rest down the slope on the other side or the road. I have one of the original finials from the fence around the jail.
The best part was that David had taken a week of vacation to make my ring. I knew how busy he was with the holidays so I hadn't expected him to propose. I was in shock!
iced flakes
Some explanation may be necessary.
Outside the church our cortege idled,
The inspiration for this page came from a tract by Last Call Ministries 205 E. Kings Hwy, Shreveport, LA. 71104 or P.O. Box 4203, Shreveport, La 71134 Write them and ask for a copy. It is a very well done. Most of the tract is printed here with some different wording.
EastEnders: Jacqueline Jossa (Lauren Branning)
protectively and possessively
At first I think Olly was just happy to be jumping, but then got bored...quickly. He was basically just trotting over the cavaletti-esk jumps I made. I did add a few ground rails at the far end of the arena.
Thanks for Listening/Reading
b. Green Lantern
September 22, 1896 was a rather important date in the reign of Queen Victoria. Why?
I woke up at 8:30 when the show was over and helped get the kids to bed. And by that I mean that I yelled "Harty kids, time for bed", and they all went to their various sleeping locations. hehe. Yeah, it's nice to have older kids - ha!
A boy and his stepmother must come to terms with the disappearance of his father and the truth about his past.
The Plot: Gabry has been raised behind the safe walls of Vista. She lives in a lighthouse with her mother, Mary, gazing beyond the boundaries of her town, looking out to sea, but never wanting more than the safety she has. Beyond those safe borders are the Mudo. The border walls are secure against the Mudo and their bites that infect, kill, leaving the bitten to return as one of the Mudo.
Ken and the kids were loading up the van. My mom was at work, and I... I sat there... trembling listening to the words... "It's not cancer Jennifer"!
I used the super duper cute new PI Cute-a-tude.
In summary, the effects of FDI, whether positive or negative, depend on the ability of the government to enhance the so-called crowding-in effect defined as the development and upgrading of private firms which can thus benefit from linkages with foreign companies, while reducing the crowding-out effect which instead is the distortion of growth of the domestic private sector due to unregulated competition and lack of technological transfer. Governments need to ensure that their domestic firms can grasp the potential benefits deriving from the spillovers of FDI as well as creating an environment leading to regulated and healthy investments. While the effects of FDI depend on the one hand on the strategies of the companies involved, on the other hand they depend on the absorptive capacity of the local economy, the efficiency of the demonstration effects, the establishment of training programs, interactions between the locals and the foreign investors as well as regulated competition which does not hinder the local market but gives it incentives to develop healthily.
It occurs to me that part of this Y problem is because of my fondness for the word My. But I don't have the energy to switch to the Regal We.
And what are the voters supposed to make of the spectacle of their ‘representatives’ fighting like thieves over the spoils of this theft from the public purse?
-No, you must stay with your sons and with your wife, I have a great plan to kill that animal.
1As a prisoner for the Lord, then, I urge you to live a life worthy of the calling you have received. 2Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love. 3Make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of peace. 4There is one body and one Spirit—just as you were called to one hope when you were called— 5one Lord, one faith, one baptism; 6one God and Father of all, who is over all and through all and in all.
If you regularly read book (or film or TV or other media - but most especially book) reviews of any kind, whether in magazines or on Amazon and Goodreads or on book review blogs, you will more than likely (more than likely) have come across the term Mary-Sue. If you don't already know what the term means, you might have tried to work out the meaning using the context in which the term was used. But, because hardly any of the people throwing this term around themselves understand what it means, you'll have a tough time of it. Even if you've read a hundred reviews talking about Mary-Sue characters, you probably still don't know for sure, although you'll have gotten the idea that Mary-Sue = bad news. Bad character. Bad writing. BAD WRITER, NO COOKIE!
Other respondents lavished praise on a “closely argued stylish effort” (for which, of course, they did not care to make an effort).
How (or when) do you decide that you are finished writing a story?
I ask for clarification but in all actuality I understand quite well what they are asking of me. For my part in Sports Day, they want me to go drag.
2.) You can take some sections of the public domain content and put it in your website. Market the manuscript by relating it to the products that you’re offering or you can build an affiliate campaign to promote it more effectively.
So, who is going to be part of this Big Society? Who are the people who are going to fund it? Run it? Have the 'passion' for it? The spare time for it?
B: So we started talking, getting familiar. Spending a lot of time so we can build a relationship, or some understanding. How its gonna be in the future we was planning.
As you can see, my responsibility level is high, I need more independence, and you won't have to wait for me after events. I've been waiting several years for a phone and I think now wold be the perfect time to get one.
So many thoughts flowing around from one conversation to another, with some of the concepts articulated in such a way that you could sense them becoming almost tangible in certain ways.
“Charlotte, I need you to answer the question.”
. . . lets me truly be who I am.
* At sundown,, Sayid pulls Dogen into the water pool, and drowns Dogen, Sayid slashes the throat of the interpreter,
The last development that the speaker mentioned briefly were new types of insulin: ultra short acting and ultra long acting, which can help with both type 2 and type 1 diabetes.
Halifax Socialist Party reporters
Obese men rack up an additional $1,152 a year in medical spending, especially for hospitalizations and prescription drugs, Cawley and Chad Meyerhoefer of Lehigh University reported in January in the Journal of Health Economics. Obese women account for an extra $3,613 a year. Using data from 9,852 men (average BMI: 28) and 13,837 women (average BMI: 27) ages 20 to 64, among whom 28 percent were obese, the researchers found even higher costs among the uninsured: annual medical spending for an obese person was $3,271 compared with $512 for the non-obese.
You will need: glass cutter,metal ruler.cutting matt, matchbox,photo,old book pages or sheet music and trinkets to go into the box. Masking tape,glue.
journey. I have tried to look at all angles of the things that have
Breakfasts:
In the end I know that God has each of us in the palm of his hands and he will not give us more than we can handle. Still, I am guilty to say that I catch myself saying why. Find myself crying this weekend because Christmas was my favorite time of year, and now I feel as though I am struggling to just keep it together.
A: The best analogy we give is it’s like taking someone who used to sell cars with you to help you buy a car. A former car salesman knows the ins and outs of getting the best deal for your investment. We are former radio and television sales people. We had a backstage pass to the media sales industry that gave us hard won secrets into how to get the most bang for your advertising buck.
Sam Well, then why do they call it the Smoky Mountains then?
Siseon 1318 screened as the closing film of the 2008 Jeonju International Film Festival before being released in Korean cinemas. Further information on the project is supposed to be available on the website of the National Human Rights Commission – I wasn’t able to find it, but it’s still an interesting site to explore.
Suddenly I felt very juvenile in my olive Banana Republic shirt from years ago and black dress pants that had a very imperfect crease down the middle. My laptop case swung clumsly from my shoulder and I regretted hitting the snooze button so many times as I could see the crimpy ends of my hair out the corner of my eye.
In Yemen, sharia law was instated in 1913, worsening the situation of the dhimmi. Decrees specifying forced conversion for orphans were issued between 1922 and 1928, while Jews were excluded from public service positions and the army.
So please, do us all a favor and come to the realization that the loathing you feel from your fellow Americans has nothing to do with your “success” or your “wealth” and it has everything to do with the fact that your wealth and success have come at a cost to the rest of us. No one wants your money or opportunities, what they want is the same chance that their parents had to attain these things for themselves. You are viewed, and rightfully so, as part of the machine that has removed this chance for many – and that is what they hate.
6. Left Hand Brewing Co. - Oktoberfest. I applaud them. They pulled off a really nice tasting Oktoberfest. This is the first time I have had their Marzen. It is a differnet representation of an Oktoberfest Marzen however. But you know what, I like it. It's not my favorite, but it isn't bad.
CharlesInCharge
So, more than two months have gone by since the end of the end of that relationship. I can honestly say that I’ve been good. I’ve had my moments, but it’s more that I am just so beaten down about love in general, but I’m not sad about him. I know what you’re all gonna say, but I really am just so tired and sick of looking for love. It’s such an exhausting feeling that instantly makes my heart sink when I think about going through the whole process again. I’m in no way mourning the loss of him anymore. Just mourning the loss of the dream. And loss of the hope.
Last Saturday, we headed off toward Pittsburgh, to stay with a family we met at last years UWWG. We were originally supposed to arrive much earlier, but by the time we actually got there it was midnight, and by the time we all stopped talking and hanging out in favour of bed, it was pat 3:00 am! Emi, mum and I were thrilled to find out that not only were Jody, Bethany, Timmy, & Sam awesome people, they were also just as much night owls as we are. *Grins* The time we spent with the Hagensen's was great, and involved lots of conversations around the table in the sunny kitchen, about a variety of topics. I love how with unschoolers, age matters so much less. Between our two families, there were ages 9, 15, 16, 18, 18, and parents (I don't think they'd be thrilled if I tried to add their ages as well... ;-)), and all of us would happily sit around talking to each other... That just makes me really happy. As do the Hagensen's.♥ I really hope I get to see all of them again soon!
Cold seeps into my body and I sink further
(sparc) 4.0,REV=12.06.2003.02.03
There was this Shrimp Alfredo dish that was soooooo yummy! And then there was Turkey Ziti! Lord have mercy that dish melted in my mouth, it wasn’t right, it was so good. Everything was homemade and tasted like it. I LOVE that.
Many a diligent student of Life will find that they quickly outgrow the dogma of religious institutions. It is for this reason (among others of a similar control nature) that there were made revisions to the “holy scriptures”—in order to retain parishioners who are often made to feel that the only way to truly be connected with God and Christ is through a church group leader.
Aside from instigating debates between my boyfriend and I, I enjoyed other aspects of the book as well. In true Dan Brown style, the reader is left reeling after several shocking twists in the story. I had some reservations about Strathmore the whole time, I must say, but I never thought he would turn out to be as psychotic as he did. I really enjoyed Susan’s character, smart and beautiful, and definitely was drawn to the story of her and David. I read through the chapters concerning David ravenously, I was dying to know that he’d be okay and practically broke out in a sweat in the process.
I love it when a concept, however fleeting in my little noggin, sparks a flash of insight and then I say, Oh yeah! I get it.
H - Last week, in Chris’s comment, we were referred to as the ‘Laurel and Hardy of comics creators.' So, the question is: which one of us is which?
Andrew Jones, a student said, “It’s hard to know how one could follow the arbitrary idea of ethics, one could argue either way.” When it comes down to making that choice, it isn’t black and white.
We found her hidden just behind those screens,
“You crazy birthday is club! Wishes are of goodness to man who in club”
Emily: Look at that old ass man trying to lead his team into chanting. How embarrassing is that?
Even though I’ve been exhausted from starting a new job and haven’t had much ambition to do a whole lot of anything, even blog, it’s nice to know that my readers still think of me. Sharon, from Family and Food Chronicles, was kind enough to pass a blog award on to me last week, so I thought I’d better return the favor! So, without further ado…
Well, my drawing skills have grown since then, my love and respect of trees has deepened, and it seems that my fascination with creating trees in any art medium I can get my hands on is ceaseless! The exciting new foray has, you guessed it, resulted in Glass Trees!
* 1/2 tsp salt
This is one off the body lotions I have tried that doesn't leave my skin feeling super greasy. I can't stand the greasiness that some body lotions have. I get this urgent need to take a shower or wash my hands after I have used a greasy body lotion, do you get that feeling too?
And of course both my kids are crazy about it. The plan is to send it to Cindy eventually, but the novelty of it will have to wear off here first ... a few weeks or a month or so ... I'm sure she can be patient ...
Drop them into the boiling liquid.
She drew smiley faces on my food chart. She referred to her camaraderie of dieticians as “we,” as in “we strongly encourage you to try Quinoa.”
“Not everyone screams, y’know.”
The formula is really inconsistent in this collection. The directions say to put on one coat and use the magnet. For some, that works well but a couple needed two coats to prevent bald spots from happening when the magnetic particles moved to create the design. I'll specify how many coats were needed, etc. under each picture.
Lock me in here , hide me from the world,
CC
My husband had blissfully finished his phone call unaware of even how to text someone and completely happy with his archaic dinosaur of a phone so, what was I stressing over?
This was probably a bit worse than that…
You probably wonder what kind of point I'm getting at. Well, Jim has issues with homosexuality. His father, who was once a pastor, is gay. Jim loves his dad, but has trouble with his "lifestyle". Now, understand that he and I talked a lot about that sort of thing, and I didn't agree all the time, but one thing I did was just listen. I listened a lot. I listened to him about what he didn't like about this or that woman he dated, or how he wanted a guitar, but the church wouldn't buy it for him. Boo-EFFING-hoo.
I am also bitter as all get out because I don't own Ms. Zoe's dress. Out. Of. Control.
The celebrated author and National Book Award winner receives Oregon State University’s inaugural Stone Award for Lifetime Literary Achievement in May. The award will be presented to Oates at this event and includes an onstage interview with Oates. Reception and book-signing follow. In the Fields Ballroom.
It hits. I know it hits. Only there’s no pain. Just a massive crunch. Like nutting a wall when you’re angry. Doesn’t feel right.
Peter Magliocco
I hope you all had a creative Thursday:)
tobacco and shampoo
The hotel had four principal stories, not counting attics and the basement. The first floor consisted of two broad corridors, one running north and south, the other east and west. Men entered either off the alley to the west or from the south side, off Sixth, and that end of the hotel catered to their interests with a saloon, a billiard room, a barber shop with baths, a news stand, and a cigar shop that featured thousands of brands of cigars from all over the world. (The contents of this last amenity had sadly all turned to grey ash by the time notorious cigar connoisseur Bill Clinton came to visit.)
I grew up as the son of a welder in the Church Hill neighborhood of Richmond, and I had to work hard out for everything I have. From 12 years old on-- nothing was ever given to me. I sought loans for my education after my father died at 51 years old, and later joined the Army, and commanded troops in the War on Terror. I built businesses and a law firm from scratch. I'm running for Congress to represent folks like my father, and my mother who survived on Social Security payments and with the help of me and my sister until she died. These are the kind of people that need our help in these tough economic times. I'm running my campaign with the same work ethic that helped me rise to the rank of Colonel in the Army and led to accomplishments in my business and professional careers. I’m running against a man who epitomizes exactly what he criticizes, a political operator who panders to special interests from the wealthiest and privileged corporate interests on Wall Street and beyond, and who has no time for his own constituents.
Part of making sure a blog becomes popular is making sure there is a way for people to link back to you. So how do you do that? You can just upload your logo into your sidebar and hope people want to save it, upload it and then remember where they're supposed to link back to with it. Seems like alot of work for someone to go thru.
Are we also conditioned to obey? I thought bitterly.
and now the food:
At this point, the conversation had my utmost attention. I was amazed at his use of words and problem solving skills. Just a week ago, he would have melted on the ground kicking and screaming. I couldn't wait to see how this would end!
Subsequently, the party of the first part did observe, with some degree of wonder and/or disbelief, a miniature sleigh (hereinafter, "the Vehicle") being pulled and/or drawn very rapidly through the air by approximately eight (8) reindeer. The driver of said Vehicle appeared by all accounts to be, and it is hereby asserted was in fact, the aforementioned Claus.
We all do what we can
Unconfirmed reports indicate the vehicle which the deceased VIP officer tried to overtake may have reacted negatively leading to the officer losing control of the vehicle.
There are, of course the conspiracy theories, we have all heard them “the US government was behind it”, “MOSSAD was behind it”, “the buildings were brought down by controlled explosions”, “all the Jews working in the World Trade Centre were told to stay home that day!” and, of course, “The Pentagon was hit by a missile, not a plane”, on and on they go, the truth hijacked in order to blame a favourite villain or group by those incapable of saying to themselves “hold in, this really happened”.
During the day he is in perpetual motion, a blur of noise and movement.
I'd like to enter my card to Pollycraft this weeks challenge is favourite things, which i loooove my papers and pearls!! and of course the cutest frog around!
But we couldn’t stay put for much longer as our thirst for excitement grew, so we rushed in line for Star Tours in Discoveryland. As we walked our way to the entrance of the ride, an exhibit of different kinds of robots was following us all way through. We got seated in a mini-cinema and after we put on our seat-belts, a friendly robot greeted us on the screen and told us we were on a mission with a space shuttle. The whole journey consisted of ups-and downs, abrupt turns to the right and the left as we were avoiding incoming comets, supernovas and bullets coming from the enemy. The whole room was moving synced with the video and it was an awesome ride, although I have to admit I got a little sick after the second time, but it was after 5 off the reel Indiana Jones rides, so I think it was kind of understandable.
Probably it also had something to do with the fact that paying readers are no longer as important in terms of generating income as they once were, as Derbyshire seems to have been one of NR’s most popular writers. Magazines now increasingly rely on advertising income and online operations, which means that the puritanical PR demands of companies not to be associated with anything “offensive” become disproportionately important. This represents something of a challenge, because, in order to remain interesting, magazines have to skate pretty close to the thin ice of offensiveness to keep up interest. For several years, Derbyshire’s writing seemed to be a good fit for NR, being interesting without being needlessly offensive.
He also had another child Lisa Brennan-Jobs by a previous relationship with Chrisann Brennan. His complex family life means lawyers could struggle to split up his £5.4billion fortune.
If you don’t know about the art of sex then you, my friend, are slacking on your macking and you may need to read over a blog or two to see what I mean.
This past weekend was graduation for our local high school. It made me remember Jessica's graduation four years ago. The night before, she was home because none of her friends were going out (she said it was so they could "rest" but I think it was because no one wanted to risk getting in trouble right before graduation). I was getting things ready for her party and she was following me around, asking to help, because she was so bored. She even played games with Maddy before she just couldn't take it anymore. "I need some excitement, I'm so boooooored!!"
He hadn't been home since our wedding in March 2009, so it was important that he made the trip, see family and friends and enjoy the food and good company that Mexico offers us.
Salt - 1 1/2 tsp
Little Man had gotten a pack of chapstick out of the treasure box at school for his good behavior. He was showing it to his friend. He told his friend that he should put it on so that he wouldn't get "CRAPPED" lips. "crapped/chapped"...same diff, right? Made me laugh.
You close your eyes, take a few deep breaths and slowly, the world just melts away. There might be music in the background and the sound of his or her voice. This space is yours. Starting from silence, you begin to move, slowly at first, tentatively, but as you learn to trust your body your movements expand. Without going anywhere at all, every breath takes you to a new place.
And so I spoke to Luis this week. And I’ve been to Puerto Rico many times. And actually, when I was a United States senator, we did a lot of work with Puerto Rico. Because of my relationship with many friends down there, I was made aware of problems, for example, in the Medicaid program.
2 2 8 West 4th Street
I used Basic Grey, So Saffron and Elegant Eggplant (although I was wondering if I should have used Rich Razzleberry...). Some new DSP plus a couple of dies - the rest is pretty self-explanatory so I'll leave you with the recipe:
The Economist has two indicators of fiscal flexibility. The first one is government debt as a percentage of GDP. The usual rules-of-thumb are that if debt isn’t stabilised around 60% of GDP, then the government has no fiscal room, while it’s time to panic when debt approaches 90% of GDP. Now, these are rules-of-thumb — there is no iron law that a country with 50% debt-GDP ratio won’t get in trouble, and some countries seem to do fine with over 100% debt-GDP ratio.
I am always so envious of Jodi's coloring skills and this card has me drooling! I love the shades of pink and red in the hearts and that bucket - gasp!! You can see more of Jodi's darling work at her blog, Stamping a Latte - stop by and give her some love.
Plus, data from the Office of Court Administration showing a statewide decline in tickets processed in municipal court covered the state fiscal year from September to August, so cuts that took effect April 29 wouldn't have impacted most of that year. In other words, there are indications the decline in ticketing a) predated cuts to STEP grants and b) are too large to be completely explained by them. That's certainly one of several contributing factors, though, and perhaps reason to think the trend might continue in the near term without local traffic enforcement getting artificially pumped up through federal pork.
And he ended up doing the absolute last thing I wanted him to: he befriended them! Why would he do that? I wondered. I wanted him to strike down upon them with great vengeance and furious anger! What good was becoming their buddy?
God hates religion. Christianity is not a religion. Religion is
I can barely move…am I the next one of those victims?
Other stuff: The Cubs finished dead last in 1974, their first last-place finish since 1966. Jim Marshall replaced Whitey Lockman as manager in the middle of the season. Marshall would last two more sub-.500 seasons before Herman Franks took over for the 1977 season.
3/22/2012 Bozeman, MT – The Zebra Lounge
Can it really be December already? I love December, don't you? I've had advent calendars on my mind since I've been putting one for our family together. It just needs to be hung and I can't wait to show you. Until then I wanted to share this little service advent calendar we made with our Young Women at church last night.
They come in 2 sizes - approx 1 3/4" which sell at £1.75 each plus postage
This SXSW can be none more black.
The Birmingham EDL member wrote: “Of course Anders Breivik would have been impressed and interested in the success and actions of the EDL. He sees himself as a patriot who is fighting against further Islamisation in Norway and beyond.
Service: In between Meeps and Mercedes Bien. She gave good advice on things I tried on, but didn't run around finding things I might like. (This was perfect for me)
Now just assemble using a brad, I used 'enchanted', the doily goes on the bottom then the 2 fancy flowers, then the small doily flower. I used small ribbon to create a bow that I attached like leaves.
I’ve also tried planting marigolds to attract lady bugs. I got one or two but being on the 10th floor in the heart of the city has its disadvantages… There were a few lady bugs and they did help but not enough to control the population.
I grabbed my shark, sprinted through the commons, up the stairs, and into the caf where my target was calmly in line for a sandwich.
I've previously highlighted some of the better attempts at this (see Paul Simon, Blondie and Johnny Nash), However, I felt it was high time I trained the spotlight on some of the more dreadful attempts of what the Brits call 'Cod Reggae' (which is a term I have always loved). This list is neither exhaustive or complete and focuses on the late 60's and 70's. (I'll look to do a similar post for the 80's and 90's in the new year). With reggae making real inroads in the U.K. and the U.S. musically in the late 60's to mid 70's I looked for reggae and Caribbean music from the era that actually did the genre no favors artistically. So without further ado I present a selection of some of the worst attempts to play this beautiful music. Consider yourself warned!
-Helping set-up and break-down bunko night events
So online, whenever I looked for pictures, I looked for actual ones rather than illustrations, and those real ones were of leaves that people found. Meanwhile, I looked back at my book on Southeastern trees and did not even realize that the illustrations often showed two different looking leaves. I took for granted the fact that the authors of the book knew this little fact I had never thought of.
prickly;
18. prove people wrong about the falseness of the statement, ‘Money can’t buy happiness’ because it totally can. Some people just don’t know how and what to buy. Sometimes, too, a person’s richness/poorness is wholly independent of his emotional well-being; rich or poor, a person born sad is just gonna be that way for the rest of his life if he doesn’t know what to buy. Ask a middle-class nine-to-fiver what makes him sufficiently happy just being alive in any given day and he’s likely to answer: a good, long, peaceful massage. Imagine a hundred of that!
This article includes the voice of Chris Hartcher as well as a representative from the Socialist Alliance group and Getup, giving the article balance.
Clark suffered a massive heart attack after entering St. John’s Hospital in Santa Monica Tuesday night for an outpatient procedure, according to his family.
I will tell you.
1 1/2 cups tequila
This is the second time that Cynthia requested a doodle from me. Back in the summer of 2008 she had me draw an illustration of her husband riding his antique tractor. That was a challenging caricature because of the unusual shape of the tractor. Apparently they liked the illustration enough to order a second one from me.
That video was the Kony 2012 video that anyone reading this has probably already seen.
We talked about how we should call Andrew's parents. Give them an update. Tell them not to worry. That everything is fine. That their grandson is fine. That we got his sister's wedding invitation. That we've meant to call more lately. That we're sorry.
Yes, you can turn the pile every day, monitor the temperature, carefully measure the ingredients, and otherwise fret over this garden gold, but honestly, why would you? Pile it up, add to it, give it time, and Earth's natural processes will take care of the rest!
the Council held a press conference to explain our view of the Kurdish issue.
"These lovely handcrafted creations are definitely for someone looking for a grown up chocolate. Not alcoholic, just flavoured in the most unique way with individual textures that makes eating each one so enjoyable."I can eat my way through Lindt chocolates and enjoy the creaminess of each one, but there's no interest, no surprise, no uniqueness; which is exactly what makes Cricklewood Chocolates so outstanding.
SYLVIA- "I froze to death."
as we thought of Jerusalem.
Immediately after the turning of the matter, the body expanded. I have had the experience of etheric spiritual body expansion up to the cosmos. I have also had other body expansion experiences like astral body, universal body, etc.
A map at the front of the book explains the layout of the monastery at Scarnsea, and will be helpful for readers who like to work out how the buildings connect to each other and who could have got to where. The senior monks are also listed at the front of the book, which may help readers keep track of the names as they are introduced, although I found I did not need to refer to it. A short and helpful Historical Note at the back summarises some of the underlying history.
Hello Venus have six members: Yoo Ara, Nara, Alice, Ra Im, Yoonjo, Yooyoung. The meaning of the groups name is that they possess the lively and friendly feeling of “Hello” and beauty which grants them the “Venus” name.
Check it out and tell 'em Sku sent you.
Day Ten. After my two restful purple days, we stopped by Sheriff Karen’s Eurocrime Jail to bail out My Favourite Character from the old West. He is now riding along with us. He has 5 Christian names & 1 Silver Tooth. He wears his gun around his neck but uses belt AND braces to hold his pants up. And he just ate the cheroot I offered him. My stagecoach driver Douglas says he “stinks like a pig”, but I kind of like him. I wonder if you can guess who he is?
If only it were as simple as crossing a finish line or playing with all your heart until the clock runs out (or catching Tebow's pass and taking it to the end zone in sudden-death overtime.) But I can't find the finish line or hear the buzzer, and alas, Tebow is nowhere in sight.
samhurst@aol.com
What does one say to the person who asks: “How can I save my soul?”
The second batch arrived on a Saturday, and were just perfect for an afternoon cup of tea after a big shop. I love peanut butter biscuits - and these from Amy at the Weekly Bake Off were fantastic - I don't know why I've never thought of adding chocolate chips to peanut butter biscuits, but I will be from now on!
Boiling anger. This time the unspoken thoughts are said.
Or in some urban cases, to out run the po-po.
I purchased these three items to go in each jar at Wal-Mart ~ Lima Beans, Decor Sand and Decor Rocks!
2. Poor management – where management is doing too much and not delegating or management is trying to be friends not bosses
Given that my book covers Achilles’ entire life, including his education at the hands (hooves?) of Chiron, I knew that I would be including him in my book. At first, I will admit, I was a bit daunted. But Chiron quickly became one of my favorite characters to imagine and write, and I particularly identified with him as a teacher, since that’s what I am. Here’s some of what Achilles and Patroclus learn from him:
4.) The shiny black floors
This, by the way, is a common failure among otherwise-progressive people of privilege. The notion that race or gender or what have you “shouldn’t matter” is a very misguided attempt at promoting equality. The fact is that those things DO matter, and trying to erase our differences so we’ll fit in with the ruling class does us all a great disservice. Potato soup doesn’t stop being potato soup just because you’ve added a couple of pureed carrots. If a very slight orange tint is the only evidence that you put carrots in it, you’re not actually doing those carrots any favors.
The sad thing is that a wide range of arguments that seemed to have been won in 1967 now appear to have been lost again. See this brilliant post by Simon Cooke.
Carter, a former Confederate Captain, is a “southern gentleman of the highest type.” In fact, “slaves fairly worshipped the ground he trod.” Once he makes the magical leap to Mars (or “Barsoom,” the quasi-oriental-sounding name Burroughs gives the planet), he wars with a race of four-armed savages, each a “huge and terrific incarnation of hate, of vengeance and of death.” If the connection to the so-called savages of the western plains is too subtle, then please note that Captain Carter was battling a band of Apaches seconds before his apparent, planet-flinging death.
for this child of mine is one filled with fire.
I never have to buy green onions again.
In addition, I’ve done some re-branding of the two components of SILVA. Fight Level has been renamed “Win Quality” to reflect its purpose of estimating a fighter’s ability to beat elite competition. rAP has been renamed “Win Consistency,” because that’s exactly what it attempts to estimate. I think (hope) these terms will be much less confusing than they were before.
Other - Pink Bazzil Basics cardstock and Pearls from stash.
3 stalks spring onion
Burns has written books on the subject and has maintained a vast archive of photos. He will include a slide show of the photographs, showing a chronology of the practice from the 1800's until modern day, in his lecture.
Tää lupaa myös että se EI haisisi DHA:lta (eli siltä miltä kaikki itseruskettavat haisee), ja ensimmäisiin pariin tuntiin se ei siltä haisekaan. Mutta noin 4-6 tunnin jälkeen vaatteet kyllä haisee DHA:lta, iho ei niinkään. Se on oli pikkuinen pettymys mulle. Ja myös se, että se värjää vaaleita vaatteita hieman.
I'm going with (b), myself. Mind you, I feel I have a bit of an investment in Banksy - not financially, you understand; but in common with thousands of others, a couple of weeks ago I queued for over four hours in order to get in to Bansky vs. Bristol Museum (the little cherubs in the picture, by the way, are my kids, who joined me in the queue an hour and a half in, by which time I'd managed to get about half-way through Philip Pullman's Once Upon A Time in the North), and as far as I'm concerned, that's a serious investment of time. In total, after all, I spent more time queuing than I did actually looking at the exhibition.
A year ago, when I first learned about the Empulse, I was ready to buy it. Since then, a lot of things have happened to delay the final production. For months, folks on the BrammoForum have been clamoring for any scrap of information, but to no avail. The policy at Brammo appeared to be to not say anything about the bike while it was under development.
the beauty in everything else.
**Mom got effed up on Christmas Eve. Shocker.
Today's RAK challenge is 100% proof that my husband is a kinder person than me! You see, this idea comes from him and I'm still working up the nerve to complete it.
No, this doesn't mean I'll stop painting donuts, don't worry! And if you've wondered if I fell off the face of the earth last week... no... I was teaching wonderful artists at a workshop in my studio. We had SUCH a blast! They produced some beautiful work! See below:
Avoid cosmetics that dry or irritate your skin
Built for the Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, and later moved several miles south of the London river Themes, to Crystal Palace park, where it flourished for many years, until it fell out of fashion at around the turn of the century.
Chicken - 1/2-3/4 kg , washed
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for everything - and we mean everything! Your cards, emails, blog posts, comments and loyalty mean the world to us. You are amazing and we are so proud and honored to be a part of this community - YOU are 2 Sketches 4 You and we love you for that!
With no thought for the morrow!
for light.
Teagan Nicholle
My youngest participated in the (IL) State Finals for Chess at the Peoria Civic Center. He placed 11th (out of 100+ players) - Board 8 category. SO proud of him and as a freshman, he will have a great future on his team
You could also market your skills as a freelance human resources consultant. There are lots of people who must be doing this, and many of them seem to be completely incompetent, so obviously a lack of knowledge won’t disqualify you. For example, who in the world ever decided it was a good idea for employees in service industries to wear name badges?! Certainly it was not someone who majored in philosophy. Such a person (and just suppose for a moment that I had majored in philosophy..) might have noticed that in a lot of the world, being on a ”first name basis” denotes a degree of intimacy that is frankly just not present in the average “service” transaction…it is embarassing, and the “client” feels odd having this piece of un-earned information about the employee, and feels uncomfortable that the employer has so little respect for their staff that they insist upon making them lose status by displaying their names in this fashion. So, instantly, opinions are being formed about what kind of employer does this; say a culturally insensitive, top-down management style, rip-heads-off-baby-rabbits sort of organization, who at the same time feels a pressing need to have customers feel welcomed and appreciated by oppressed servants. Not that I, for a moment, would sweat about this sort of thing, small as it is. I mostly just ignore it. There are slightly bigger problems in the world. For example, the ocean is about to kill us.
It is now a part of my favorite things
The pharmaceutical industry has a long history of producing drugs that fight infections or conditions but have side effects that cause conditions as bad or worse than the original illness. The practice of using natural substances to cure illnesses is consistently under pressure from lobby groups infiltrated by the drug companies. These groups use misinformation and so-called experts to argue that natural substances and their derivatives are ineffective and should be banned or tightly regulated. These experts, usually doctors paid by the pharmaceutical companies, often argue that the use of natural medicines is preventing people from taking real medicines that are more effective.
* We know we’ve run this for two months now, but it bears repeating: InterNACHI is hosting a series of free webinars in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Energy on home performance, energy efficiency and sustainability. The next one runs on May 16 at noon Pacific time, 3:00pm EST.
A SP Kit should include:
And on the subject of stock, the Marks and Spencer results this week, whilst interesting in terms of food and especially internet sales, were remarkable for me for the admission that they had allowed themselves to be out-of-stock on some of their best sellers in clothing.
Now you can finish decorating this piece how you like. I added some patterned paper and a piece of ribbon and at the end you'll also see I added some snowflakes.
"My book is edgy in terms of drug use, and language, and sexual content, and I think it really kind of pushes what can be done in young adult fiction," Thomas says. "I was really considering trying to market the novel as adult fiction."
To help instructors of various martial arts styles incorporate pressure point knowledge and skills into their systems.
The first step to figure this out was to see what “UI.firstToolkit” is actually pointing to. When I ran this following Debug line, I saw that it was referring to “UIToolkit – text2″, the 3rd UIToolkit child object in UI, according to the Hierarchy layout. :
order of my favorite 小龍包.
I don’t think listening is done simply by hearing what others have to say, and cutting in with your own thoughts. If you’re listening, you listen most of the time and let the others speak.
Matt Chandler, Pastor at The Village Church in Texas, writes this book to separate the assumed Gospel from the explicit Gospel. I know all Christians think they have heard the Gospel and know it well. But maybe not. I know a lot of Christians personally who do not know it well and who may have never heard the explicit Gospel in their lives. This does not mean that people who love and trust Jesus are not saved. It just means, their understanding of their own salvation and their own God that they serve is clouded, incomplete, and sometimes unbiblical and errant.
So I bent down to his ear, put up one single nagging finger, and whispered in my best Mom voice so only he could hear me...
The Hindu philosophy and religion is a combination of several traditions. Nature plays an important role in formulating the festivals, occasions and rituals.When the guidelines for fasting were formulated, it was in tune with Mother nature.
This app definitely did give me the confidence boost I needed to feel like I can do "car stuff" on my own. So now when he is out of town I won't be as worried about car repairs.
I'm a people-pleaser.
Depending on the design and use case, an existing Android app may work well on Google TV as is, or it may require fixes. With the add-on you can test your apps to determine if they would be a good fit for TV and whether any tweaks are required. We are also publishing UI guidelines to help you with topics like optimizing for D-pad navigation, presenting information for 10-foot viewing, designing apps that work well across devices, etc. The guidelines include information on how certain UI elements on Google TV differ from other Android devices.
Dancing Lemur Press, L.L.C.
In fairness to Bob, he fixed the fault quite promptly, swapping the broken fuse for the windscreen wipers with the one that operated the indicators. It was a novel solution, but I would have preferred to have been warned, as the honking and v-signs were making me quite paranoid.
Boypra
“My hope is that through children, they will begin to educate their families and that will, in turn, begin to educate our communities.”
Now, today is YOUR day to win a chance to get this software for FREE. Seriously, all you have to do is leave a comment and tell me why you digi (or want to digi) to win a free downloadable copy of this fabulous software. For an extra chance to win, visit the My Memories site and view their digi kits and tell me which one you like the best. Yet another opportunity to put your name in the hat: follow their blog, like them on Facebook or follow them in Twitter and then come back and leave another comment telling me which one(s) you did. That's up to five chances to get your name into the hat. This will be open for comments until 5pm Eastern Time on Friday, December 2nd. Please pass the word...
What is intellectual property anyway? Intellectual property (IP) refers to something you create, and includes: inventions, works of literature and art, symbols, names, images, and designs used in your business. But how do you protect these creations from others who might copy them. We’ve all seen the street vendors pushing “Rolexx” watches, and “Fenndi” handbags. IP can be divided into two categories:
Gaiwan tea service 5 bucks each x 2=10 bucks.
Technique #3 : The Wet T Shirt Game
The anti-graft agency had been after nine state governors it perceived as having cases to answer over how they spent the billions of naira allocated to their states throughout their tenure and placed the governors under a 24 hour surveillance.
Margaritas.
Phil Rose, York University. Radiohead and the Media Fallout of Ok Computer
My children seriously have no fear and no concept of mortality with all of their death defying stunts - so I do try and implement a little bit of fear in them.
It is witnessing only silence when the child should be babbling,
You are never alone, never left to your own ability, never found in a situation apart from God's knowledge, control and purpose.
Last number redial.
Amazon announced this week that it will no longer send books, CDs and DVDs to South African customers without imposing a penalty surcharge that costs more than the product because so many of them go AWOL in transit.
upon the thorns
Fruit topped or naked, you won't be disappointed. These are delicious. Perfectly lemony, wonderfully creamy and cheesecakey. They really do taste like two amazing summertime desserts melded into one. And the crust is ahh-mazing. I will be definitely be making these again and again, especially for all those family gatherings this summer. That way I can secretly splurge while still looking all proper and ladylike. (Well, maybe just one brownie...and a cupcake...and...)
I really can’t think of any way in which it’s made my life worse. My look isn’t for everyone but it certainly never hurts to be considered attractive. I mentioned before that I tend to be socially awkward. If anything, being nerdy has helped with that. I may not be the best at contributing to a conversation but the second Star Trek or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter comes up I’m the liveliest person in the group.
56. Are you a model? =
The release I sought was one of disease.
There were two other items in the men’s packs that were worth their weight in gold in Xu Guan’s opinion – a well-worn topographical map of the area and a military-grade compass. Xu Guan briefly reviewed the map and discovered that he was in an area called Bellevue. There were several small creeks nearby and a river, called the Missouri, a few miles to the east.
Sundlaugin (Swimming Pool) is/was the working space of the band Sigur Rós @ Mosfellsbær, a suburb of Iceland's capital. Many alternative Icelandic artists have recorded, mixed and mastered here. For example amiina, Mugison, Petur Ben, Jeff Who?, múm, slowblow & Benni Hemm Hemm. High ceilings and wide walls along with the 3 iso-booths make it favorable for live recordings and big drum sounds. The control room is 35 sqm with a view overlooking the main recording area on one side and five large windows on the other that provide a nice, relaxing working environment.
The day after I quit she posted an ad on care.com offering $5 to $10 an hour (she won't give you over $5), she will pay under the table just like me I promise, and the ad is by T. L. the zip code to look her up is 45226, and she is asking for care for her 13-month-old twins. I reported her to the care.com staff because I don't want this to happen to another nanny. I will say the babies were LOVELY amazing perfect little babies, but nobody deserves that abuse from the parents. Thank you for considering posting my story. I never want another person to go through what I went through. - M. R.
1/2 ounce sweet dried orange peel
Anti-god; Anti-christ (12" LP)
Practice Tips
So here are the photos, I also took photos of their labels so you can see which is which.
And another excitement to hang onto. E was updating the one day scores, and texted in that England, somehow, had beaten the West Indies, just as Junior romped in netting me another tenner.
Release Date: August 1st, 2010
John and Roberto take a look back at “Spartacus: Vengeance”-what worked for us, what didn’t work, and what would we would have done differently. Plus we share your comments and discuss what is coming up next for Jupiter’s Rooster during the off-season!
This has all been and is being wrought by the Son of God incarnate from the Most Pure Virgin from the Holy Spirit, and by the intercession of His Most Pure Mother.
Interestingly, nothing on this scale is envisaged for the banking industry which has brought the nation to the brink of bankruptcy.
There are 4 Chinese companies in the top 100 of companies that filed the most PCT applications.
The refrigerator still held chilled water that kept the Demon DC at bay.
Unsuspecting observers raved after catching glimpses of the proposed competitions during April, 2012.
3. Vow
Good to everyone thou art,
It is a terrible thing to be grieved enough to bury a beloved horse; and yet, people being hungry from the shortages and ravages of war. Everyone was hungry and my mother remembered her whole life what it felt like to starve. She would cry for food until she saw her mother cry for her hungry children, then my mother stopped. Her fondest memories were of the American soldiers giving up their chocolate bars to the children, and the Salvation Army handing out hardtack to stave off hunger.
This morning on the way to work I saw...
What if instead of facebook, emailing, TiVo catching up, video gaming tonight- you just did nothing? What if instead of saving up 7 vacation days out of 365 to finally enjoy life, you spread those out in hours among each day? What if you didn’t look at Saturday/Sunday as your only day to cut loose and chill out?
If I spring a leak, she mends me
She weeps and sings a funeral song but he shows no recognition. Her tears fall where he has none as she leans across his tiny shape, hand on his shallow chest and turns off the respirator. He sighs two sighs and passes. There's no time to waste. There will be no Cleric’s burial for her once playful boy.
Much as I’m bored with THE CURSE OF THE BLACK SPOT, a disappointing if not outright terrible episode. It’s not hyperbole to suggest that this could very well be the worst episode of the Moffat Era, but it is a sign that the show is in pretty good hands if a bland, conflicted, but not crap episode manages to be the worst of the lot.
Born Gerald James in 1935 (although for many years his official biography would claim that he was born in 1940), young Jerry held down a variety of jobs before deciding that acting was what he wanted to do, scoring extra work in some late 50s British movies, a spell in repertory (when he settled on his stage name), the lead in a television play Rock-A-Bye Barney, about a rock and roll performer.
Dal is a basic dish made in every desi's kitchen almost daily. It is a must in my house too. As we all know dal can be prepared in many types, plain or with veggies or with greens, the options are endless.
Later in the evening, he was talking about his sister. I asked him if he went to the funeral home. He told me, no, he hadn’t gone. He went to visit his mother instead. (She is just home from being in the hospital for a few weeks and his parents’ property adjoins ours.)
For example, each reading of Lewis’ ‘Till We Have Faces’ has been different for me: I recall Orual’s case against the gods and answer as thoroughly gripping when first I stumbled across it — more recently considering Psyche as the human soul as opposed to Orual’s jealousy of her was particularly illuminating. I can never recover fully the first reading, though I treasure the memory of ‘performing’ the interpretation of the words in my mind (yes, that qualifies me as a nerd or a subset thereof).
There were two of us in that class for whom, the topic of religion did not matter because our parents did not give us much of a religious education at home. Mine were a non-committal pickle, hers were uninterested and amidst a group of girls whose Sunday School education had begun at kindergarten, we struggled to learn Buddhism in a Christian School. I recall the torturous experience of having to learn and recite unfamiliar sūttas that rolled of the others’ tongues. How we couldn’t recite on demand the most sacred words of the Buddha mystified the teacher. How I dreaded those afternoons where spot recitations were called upon and I’d struggle, owing to little more than a complete lack of interest in memorizing verses in a language I didn’t understand.
Will waved his arms in the air. With a rustling sound, the trees bent left and right as if pulled by ropes, forming a trail between them. Sam's jaw dropped. What was this? She drew an arrow from her quiver and held it ready, just in case.
2010.09.02 Thailand Pattani 1 1 A 35-year-old man is murdered in an Islamist drive-by.
Option: As an alternate, toss squash with oil and seasonings right in pan – your hands, clean of course, are your most effective kitchen tool. If that’s not your thing, use two spoons and pretend you’re tossing a salad.
I think I am drunk enough to sleep now. Tomorrow is another day.
As humans we too have different blooming seasons, times for cultivation and support networks. What excites me is seeing other people doing what makes them bloom. I love helping to cultivate peoples dreams – giving them inspiration, setting up a meeting with people I know; buying their kickstarter; donating to their project.
“(1) Under the constitutional framework and the laws of the state of Washington, the governance structure for the state’s public common school system is comprised of the following bodies: The legislature, the governor, the superintendent of public instruction, the state board of education, the educational service district boards of directors, and local school district boards of directors. The respective policy and administrative roles of each body are determined by the state Constitution and statutes.
I've been circling around it for a while now, and I'm ready to sit: Marble has surpassed Santa Fe Brewing as the best packaging brewery in New Mexico, and their beers would go toe-to-toe with what you would expect from consistently high-quality Colorado breweries like Ska, Avery, Left Hand, etc.
The main aim of the show is to raise awareness of fostering and adoption through the sterling work the British Association for Adoption & Fostering (BAAF) and to do this through song. To be honest the whole concert was a big highlight as it showed the power of youngsters and music. But picking a few personal highlights first up would be the superb rendition of Foreigner’s ‘I Want To Know What Love Is’. This really benefited from the massed choir and the four soloists gave their all. Echelford School pupil Boaz Dopembu led the singing on a rousing run through ‘Oh Happy Day’ backed by the Hot Gospel choir, who seemed to be wearing clothes last seen in co-host Rick Wakeman’s wardrobe. Boaz is only nine but has the stage presence of someone much, much older and what a voice.
In his defence, Puay’s lawyer Sherain Tan said her client is “sorry” for his actions.
Acidstorm: for his help and support
Now I’m playing “Words with Friends” on Facebook with my daughter! We’ve been playing all day, total of 3 games, and now my husband handed me his iPad saying “It’s your turn”, I have officially got 2 different games on the go at the same time.
Someone slit my throat last night. I felt blood ..warm sticky ..slowly collecting at the nape of my neck and getting absorbed in the soft pillow. RED.
Catastrophically Consequential is an extremely twisted, unconventional book of short chapters or stories, I’m not sure which. After the first 3 chapters (or is it stories?), I thought it was about a person with multiple personality disorder, then I thought “Are these related? Are they just meandering mind wanderings of a lunatic?”
Friend: -___-
I’ve been asked frequently during my RTW if I get bored when I’m on my own. Sometimes I do, but other times being alone helps me achieve and see things I wouldn’t do otherwise. Loneliness can be a creative catalyst. It makes you more aware of things and to appreciate them more.
For Christians – the centre is not a belief or a tradition but a PERSON! The first Christians were called people of THE WAY!
Today, Bagpiper and I began discussing possibly hiring a mamasan (Japanese cleaning lady) to come to our house once or twice a month. He’s still a bit on the fence about it (understandably so, since essentially he’d be footing the bill). I’ve looked them up and found a company costs 6,000Y (about $63) per visit and they do everything — floors, windows, dishes, counters, bathrooms, laundry, changing linens…heck, they even offer an in-home nail service!
One aspect of Korea he liked was the “respect for authority” that seems to be missing in the States. I wonder about these things. Is the respect for authority enforced heavily, or does it come naturally? Is there really more obedience in Korea than in the US?
May is National Barbecue Month, like we need a reason to BBQ.
Nilton Albuquerque Fernao Cunha, 41
2. Do as much as you can the night before. Make sure homework is completed and signed, backpacks are ready to go, and lunches are made. Set out clothes for little kids to eliminate an hour-long battle of what to wear. (This next one pertains to my 6-year-old) - attempt to find 2 matching shoes and lock them in a safe so he'll be able to locate them in the morning. If you can't find 2 matching shoes, try to at least find a left and right shoe of pairs that look similar.
07-Downside Up
Naturally, I was hesitant to click the ASCII button in Hiero to add “TM” because every time I do that Hiero grinds to a halt and basically stops working. So, replacing the Unicode “TM” with Hiero is doable but takes forever on any of my machines (including a 2.7 GHz Intel Core i5 iMac w/ 8G RAM). May be you’ll have better luck with low priced alternative software on Mac or Angelcode on PC (free).
BIG CHRIS: That includes blasphemy as well. Now tell me, John . . .
The Football Association do not seem to be helping this club - a club which has a long and proud history - that has served its community well for so many years. Ironically, Crystal Palace was just one of the London teams which contributed to the formation of The FA.
What is benchmarking analysis? Benchmark analysis in usually is comparing the business processes and performance metrics of one business with the most effective practices of different industries. In different words, benchmark analysis exemplifies the media echo of the competitors. It's when the management identifies the most effective corporations within the business or the other space of comparable processes and evaluates on the premise of the results of these processes that are studied as targets and their own results. They learn the strategies of performance of the targeted industries and therefore the means they operate. An array of analysis techniques could also be needed because the benchmark analysis is applied to any business operate. During this means, a regular of comparison is employed whereas assessing the direct competition with the corporate.
What type of products being offered by your company, and their application areas? Also tell us that how your products have an edge over competitors?
And be careful through Him,
She said she wanted to make a skirt.
I Am Registered on the International Bone Marrow Donor List, Are YOU?
Are you just drooling to get your hands on one of the latest tablet computer today but don’t have the money it takes to get one? The solution to your problem is to get a free Apple iPad. You might be thinking there is no way anyone will give away this computer without wanting anything in return, right?
Came out to say
The entire campaign consisted of several prints ads, Twitter and Facebook pages, website, contest, and a :60sec TV spot. The best part? I had less than 2 months to produce all of that work. It was a challenge but a blast at the same time and I enjoyed every minute of it.
We had a mini meet in Bath yesterday, quite a few of us are going through a tough time so we decided to all have a break together!
No, you can’t change him or her, but they can change if they choose to themselves.
I also am kind of at peace with the whole thing…..well that was until about 3 minutes ago. When I got finally got the first text from her in months "Hi Ken I haven't received a rent check yet"
"And what have you found so far?" I inquired with a touch of sarcasm.
“Yeah but we still don’t have Jackson’s shooter,” Jeremy reminded him. “And without any clues or proof, we can’t prove the syndicate is behind his death.”
Today, I started thinking back to her baptism almost seven years ago. She’d been with us for only two months at that point but was already pushing buttons….after all, she and I spent most of her baptism Mass walking the halls and almost missed the main event.
Ben thought a moment, then nodded hesitantly. “Probably Evgeny Kozlov.”
I have been a happy dog owner for almost 3 and a half years. We love our puppy, but let's be honest. Any one familiar with dogs, particularly large breeds, who tells you that dogs are not completely disgusting creatures is a liar. Or they're selling something. (Probably a dog.) Our dog is wonderful, happy, pleasant, loyal, lazy, and... gross. She eats her own poop and drinks out of the toilet, ok? Freakin' sicko.
1. I grew up wanting to be a lawyer. Once I actually worked at a law firm, I decided that there was no way on earth that I could ever be happy in that field.
“Oil reserves in Iran – Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.” Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. N.p., n.d. Web. 27 Apr. 2012.
Get plenty of calcium. Be kind to knees. You’ll miss them when they’re gone.
The collection contained a selection of key albums, promoted as their best works by those who compiled the set. The band was officially involved, but it did not include Roger Waters any longer, who famously sued or tried to sue the remaining members for continuing on as Pink Floyd without him. This bias is apparent in the album choices featured in the set. Like most, I recognized its short-coming in including the post-Roger Waters album, 1987′s A Momentary Lapse of Reason, over the band’s Syd Barret-led debut full-length, 1967′s Piper of the Gates of Dawn (guitarist/vocalist David Gilmour had yet to join Pink Floyd). I still got into all the albums inside, very gradually, except for parts of Momentary Lapse of Reason, which still has a dated eighties-era quality and lacked the odd flavor Waters brought to the band. I still own all those versions of the albums, though the outer box wore out practical use over the years, but at least the spines of the CDs look cool lined up on the shelf, as seen in the image below:
"It is criminal behaviour. It is the clearest manifestation of the 'Malemasation' culture that now has a stranglehold on the once-proud ANC. It is an example set by ANC President, Jacob Zuma, a man well known for enjoying ostentatious displays of power," Kohler-Barnard said.
If you’re not absolutely thrilled, you need to read that again. Can you imagine? God is going to wipe every tear from our eyes! That almost makes me want to cry just to give Him tears to wipe away! When I read that, and when I truly tried to wrap my mind around it, I think I may have had my first taste of real joy.
We got up early this morning and got ready for the day - we unhooked the Trek, battened down the hatches, and went by the dump station to empty the tanks. Then I drove the Trek to the Chevrolet Truck Service Center in Rapid City with Lynda following in the rental car. I spoke with the service manager, who was concerned that the part they ordered was (a) the right part, and (b) the only part they would need to fix the issue. I told him that the service manager in Grand Rapids had assured me this is exactly what needed to be done and so we should be fine.
No? Okay fine those two are my stories.
“I’ll find a way back in to public service, there’s no doubt about that. The only question is where and when.”
The last book, The Dark Tower, has deeply divided fans. It is the heftiest of all the volumes (with the possible exception of Wizard and Glass), but you can’t stop if you’ve made it this far. This novel is a mass of contradictions: absurd and moving, deeply satisfying and completely unsatisfying in its long-awaited conclusion to Roland’s quest, disappointing and ultimately redeeming. Of course, King kills off a bunch of major characters, which I am not spoiling because that was foreshadowed all along, but don’t forget Jake’s haunting line from Volume 1:
2. Blubber ~ by Judy Blume
You decide. The setup for a line of attack against wealthy Ann Romney as an out of touch slacker lolling in the lap of luxury in contrast to hard working, guilt riddled working mom Michelle, or a simple attempt to appeal to middle class working women? Remember, it's not just about "getting a fair shot" it's also about doing your fair share. It's pretty safe to say that if this was a trial balloon, they probably won't follow up on it after the swift and damning reaction Rosen got, although they'll probably try coming at it from a different direction (do I see a Gloria Allred presser with a disgruntled nanny in our future?). They really can't drop it. "Hey, she's rich!" is about all they've got.
Hanna said something to the effect that the socialist part of National Socialists was just a name, and it didn’t have anything to do with what they actually did. She went so far as to use the Democratic People’s Republic, i.e. North Korea as an example that a name doesn’t always fit the reality… However that is one dumbass argument when you realize that she’s talking about a communist dictatorship of a country where the people have no say, as opposed to the name of a political party, that was ELECTED. So they named themselves socialist, ran as socialists, campaigned as socialists, in the birthplace of the philosophy of socialism, where the highly educated populace was familiar with socialism, won as socialists, and then implemented socialist policies. But they were sooooo not socialist.
March 26, 2009 Special Dispatch No.2298
NIHinfo@od.nih.gov (Email)
A point is made in Moral Kombat that video games parallel the kind of programming that are used in the military. Simulators prepare us for the experience of battle, and they hone our reflexes and our skills at the particular task. There is also some mental conditioning at work to distance soldiers from the realities of their job: That there are real human beings at the receiving end of their rifles. While there may be some truth to this, there is a vast chasm of difference between killing an opponent in a video game and the harsh reality of death in real life. Anyone who can't differentiate the two has a larger problem than playing too many video games.
A nice cuppa tea. Nick chose the tea color, he likes a lot of milk so it's kind of pale. I love the pattern, it's super easy and quick. I need a quick project every now & then.
So yeah, she was waiting there at the front door. We both started laughing as she looked between us and the door, waiting for it to be opened. After we opened it, she walked right to our apartment door. Crazy how she knew which one to go to for tuna!
The results challenge a widespread assumption that acts of generosity and charity are largely driven by feelings of empathy and compassion, researchers said. In the study, the link between compassion and generosity was found to be stronger for those who identified as being non-religious or less religious.
Lorelei has dealt with a lot the past year: the death of her mother, her father’s remarriage to her evil stepmother Molly, and now her school has burnt down. But just before she’s forced to hike all the way across town each morning, Splendid Academy opens right down the street. This school has everything a kid could want from the ultimate playground to candy bowls at your desk to virtually no rules! But is this academy as sweet as it seems? Lorelei adores Principal Trapp. She’s beautiful, nice, and seems to understand Molly in a way that few others can. Her teacher, Ms. Morrigan, however, is a complete witch that gives Molly the creeps from the get go. So when Andrew, the class outcast, shows Lorelei some disturbing behavior the school brings out in their classmates, the pair team up to save their peers and form a heart-warming friendship.
Of course, things don’t go as planned for Special Agent Soo-hyun and he learns the age old lesson that so many other characters if movie and film have learned about revenge. Nevertheless, the way Kim Ji-Woon “tells” this story is very engaging, unique, and visually superb. It’s not even close to the best Korean movie I’ve seen, but it’s a very good movie and worth watching and better than just about any recent American thriller I’ve seen.
but really though, they're all, the royals, baby eating, human sacrificing satan worshipping (all for real!) oddballs, y'all!"And in response to these pictures from here:
AAAAAHHH! Run for the hills! Alert the townsfolk that there’s a big scary monster coming this way. Quick, before it’s too late.
The lucky winners of the Blog Giveaway are...
I bet you are wondering what this is all about?? No?? You scrolled clear down to the bottom before you
Shorts: Cherokee @ Tesco.
Yeah well I've had all kinds of stuffs going on, didn't know if I was coming or going, couldn't tell which end was up, or what day of the week it was, for that matter. Sounds rather pathetic, I know, but that's just the way it goes sometimes.
This has been a stressful and educational process for me. Unless I'm blind, it's been difficult finding information about the pros and cons of Blogger versus Wordpress. When I converse with web designers they're mostly proficient in Wordpress or Drupal with little to no knowledge of Blogger and Blogger aficionados don't really understand Wordpress. However, the other day I came across an excellent breakdown of the pros and cons of Blogger and Wordpress from one of my new favorite blogs, Will Work 4 Followers, by Dan over at Single Dad Laughing. This blog is a great resource on how to become a successful blogger. He also points out that his very good-looking blogs are made on Blogger.
“Yes in KL but I’m from the United States.”
Girl Scout (off camera): Caramel Delights, goddammit!
Stealing Breath
Let me give another example I heard from Chelsea. Have you ever wonder how they purify gold? A lady asked a metallurgist how they did it. The metallurgist told her that when you dig gold out of the ground, it tends to have lots of impurities in it. The way you get the impurities out of it is to reheat over and over until the impurities are gradually removed. The lady asked how long you keep doing that. The metallurgist replied that you keep doing it until you can see your reflection in the gold when you polish it.
What about you? Have you noticed ebooks changing the way you read?
Olivia has moved into her new room (I will show you where I am with that during the week), so it was time to makeover her old room into a guest room. I was going to make it in to my study but decided that at the moment I didn't really need one....maybe later.
These photos were taken in my family room. The afghan will go to Billy’s later today or tomorrow where in all likelihood it will look like the following photo unless he knows I am coming over. I bet this hadn’t been done an hour when Billy called me from work to ask how long it would take to make a baby afghan for his favorite coworker. The people at work are throwing her a small surprise shower.
We need to become more stabilized and less polarized. Where are the Adalai Stevensons, Lyndon Johnsons, Sam Rayburns, Shirley Chisolms, Robert Byrds, Hubert Humphreys, and Harry Trumans of today?
I’d seen these before, long with other figures and vehicles. Playskool has a Star Wars license, and they’ve put together a pretty slick line of toys for the 3-6 range. As you can see, the Falcon opens up to make a playset, and there’s all sorts of little accessory doo-dads to snap into this bracket or plug into that connector. Stuff like the dish and the cannon pops off the outside and snaps into place on the inside. Everything seems designed for little, awkward hands in mind. Opening the ship too far doesn’ break it; it just pops off and you can pop it right back on. All the little pieces go inside when the kid’s done playing, you pop it closed, and it even has a little concealed carrying handle. The figures are rendered in that exaggerated/stylized manner that for some reason to me is just frikkin’ cool.
Impressed with what 41 has to offer, tightness-wise, 10 tells her that she'll play with her later. Running late for an appointment, 10 shows up at the door of Greta's swanky pad and proceeds to give her a massage. You should have seen the sublime curvature of 10's wonderfully proportioned backside as she straddled Greta, it was a thing of rotund beauty. Changing positions, Greta returns the favour. However, not by giving her a massage, but by sticking pins in her chest (I loved the close up shots Lina Romay's dark eyes during this sequence). If she screams, she'll send 41 to the hole (10 has made it clear to Greta that she likes 41). Luckily for 41, she doesn't, scream, that is.
Flow through me,
Lipstick Vogue (some weirdness in the recording here)
belonged in that dictionary
Then comes ZZ Top, not only did they play every hit they have ever had they play every song that I wanted to hear (my favorite being “Blue Jeans Blues”). The production value was awesome. It was the Recycler Tour and had a junk yard theme. They changed guitars almost every song. The drum set was elevated and then later lifted with wires (drummer Frank Beard has no beard). Dusty Hill and Billy Gibbons rocked, at one point they were dropped into a compactor and came out on these motorized carts, they had women dancing on stage. Then this super laser show where they had fire works, a woman dancing then turned into a wolf then jumped in a car and drove off.
Feeling blessed.
The Rural Sociology Group and the Peer Group are looking for a master student interested in landscape, place, values and population, who is enthusiastic to do his/her internship or thesis in this site-specific project, starting preferably around July-September. The student-researcher will actually stay in the P.A.I.R. (see photo) in September in the ‘Reestdal’ and participate with inhabitants. The P.A.I.R. will then partly be a ‘Reestdal-library’ and partly accomodation for the student-researcher. Preliminary research questions are:
Whenever we experience something difficult in our personal life, we are tempted to blame God. But we are the ones in the wrong, not God. Blaming God is evidence that we are refusing to let go of some disobedience somewhere in our lives. But as soon as we let go, everything becomes as clear as daylight to us. As long as we try to serve two masters, ourselves and God, there will be difficulties combined with doubt and confusion. Our attitude must be one of complete reliance on God. Once we get to that point, there is nothing easier than living the life of a saint.
Remember back on 20, April blog, when nice tall person mollybot decided to build something we didn't know about, from some wood pallets?
M&S 'Harvest' design kitchenware from the 1980s. Both my Mum and I had this range of kitchenware. I've sold some of the things I still had, so when I found these pieces at the secondhand stall in Scarborough for a good price I bought them to resell.
Adele - taken
For all his pros, he was just too nice, and 16-year-old me was looking for something else -- specifically, a not-quite-so-nice boy.
Here's a video of our escapades to show you what to do if you happen to spill half of a melted candle on your carpet.
Tapping of Indians Victory Lager at 6:30pm
Common Grackle 29
I actually have a bit of a problem with the term 'creative writing', and I don't think I'm alone in this. How many writers describe themselves as 'creative writers'? I don't know any. None the less, 'creative writing' has come to be associated with writing fiction, and the big question is then: But can it be taught? (No one ever asks this of painting, or sculpture, or musical composition, you notice.)
Three days later, a lady officer in a neighboring jurisdiction hauled in a DUI suspect. When his vehicle was searched on the scene, assault weapons were found, including ones that matched the description of what was used in the attack on Clark Imports. She also found a quarter-pound of marijuana and half a kilo of Syber. The list of charges was long: speeding, DUI, possession with intent to distribute, illegal concealed weapons, illegal assault weaponry, destruction of property, first degree arson, and twelve counts of first degree murder.
By 1911, a lot of the Conklin property was sold and only 25 percent of the original land remained with the family. The Huntington Historical Society owns the deed to the house which was given to them by Ella Jayne Conklin Hurd.
White House spokesman Scott McClellan condemned the killings as “despicable, horrific attacks” and “cowardly, hateful acts,” saying, “it was inexcusable the way those individuals were treated.” He called those responsible for the deaths “terrorists” and “a collection of killers” and vowed that “America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins.”
I'm not sure how, but Mommy got her number one wish. I always wanted to have a little boy or little girl that would become my shopping buddy. So, when Little Lewie started mentioning that he wanted to go to the mall on a repetitive basis..."Mommy, go mall. MOMMY, go mall!" I was tickled pink. Words couldn't express the sense of gratitude I felt that I had a little boy that loved the mall just as much as me!
The flight attendants were busy running their service - no help there. I was on my own. So, I began to scoop up the red liquid with my bare hands and pour it back into the now empty plastic cup. It was NOT a very effective method of repair, to say the least.
“Get a stick.”
7. Recent headlines told how a preschool child in NC had their packed lunch from home taken away and a school lunch substituted by a school inspector who deemed the homemade lunch unhealthy. Reportedly the parent was then billed for the school lunch (chicken nugget meal) although an update to the story says the parent was not billed. The inspector was conducting a routine inspection of the classroom-he/she was not there solely to peek in the lunchboxes. The packed lunch contained a turkey and cheese sandwich, an apple juice box, a bag of chips, and a banana. You can read the story here. Your thoughts?
Blog Hop List
~Emergency Preparedness:
December 12, 2010
Today’s been odd- I woke up pretty damn depressed. I was feeling awful about the whole day & didn’t want to get out of bed. I was despairing inside doing the whole depressed thinking thing- it would be better for my boyfriend if I wasn’t here- kind-of thing. Thoughts of suicide were prominent- not in a planning way, just thinking what it would be like. I wouldn’t do it, I couldn’t do that to my boyfriend, or the dog! Anyway I was pretty bad.
The price on this little piece of art was close to $200.00!! No thanks! So I headed to Hobby Lobby with my weekly coupon (you can print this off their website) and bought the following:
I think, and write, about Forgiveness a lot. Personally, I believe that it is one of the most important experiences of ones life, and something that we should continually be working at.
Would that really be such a bad thing?
On Sale Friday May 4 at 12 Noon:
The ad was light hearted, had talking cats, an uplifting track – a recipe for success if you ask me – all the while staying on message and promoting the cause for the adoption of shelter animals.
Cody rushes in with some strikes, but they don’t land and Brents ties him up against the cage.
Spellbinders™ will randomly draw one winner from each participating blog to receive all of that day’s products. The Grand Prize Winner will be randomly drawn from the pool of entrants that sent entry forms from each and every participating blog during the 48 hours each blog was open. For the full list of official
Into their family.
down the page, though it was difficult to say whether they varied by
My birthday is in 9 days. I'll be 28. And kinda what I want to do? Hang out with just P and me...that's it. He would make a great dinner date if you ask me.
- unemployment is a bit more difficult to gauge from aggregate macroeconomic data; furthermore, because the model is based on household units instead of individuals, there is a mechanism of risk-sharing that alleviates the effects of unemployment and the attached uncertainty to it.
I have to admit. I love Valentine's Day, it's also my hubby's Birthday. You can make the cutest things using Stampin' Up products. This year is no exception!! I hosted a class at my house the other night and this is the "decor item" that we made. I wish I had the Rosette Die, but it was nice for everyone to get a chance to use the Simply Scored Scoring Tool. But they also got to use the Hearts Collection Framelits. :)
Author, philosophical historian
His bold appraisal stripped her naked and pumped her with pleasure. An amused smile touched his carved lips. “Didn’t want to break your concentration. Besides, it seems we have all night, Sloane Keller.”
anti-Semitic
Startups don't have hundreds of internal users, so it's important to release to the world much sooner. When FriendFeed was semi-released (private beta) in October, the product was only about two months old (and 99.9% written by two people, Bret and Jim). We've made a lot of improvements since then, and the product that we have today is much better than what we would have built had we not launched. The reason? We have users, and we listen to them, and we see which things work and which don't.
The drow try for a fighting retreat and make it down to the ground, all set to run, when the flippin’ barbarian leaps out of the tower window onto the priestess. Another round of excellent rolls and he winds up landing on her, grappling her, and then unbelievably tries (next round) to swing the drow as a weapon to attack the male drow! It was too much, but more great rolls and he winds up bashing the drowess into the tower wall. All this brutality from my 11 yr old son, his first encounter with the group!
It seemed to be one thing on top of another, almost as if the universe was conspiring against us and trying to get us to break.
We enlisted the kids to help, and they crammed into the grain room along with the NPIP tester, Tara. One kid would go into the coop and pick up a chicken, then bring it out to Tara, who would start by banding their legs with a numbered tag (for our older chickens, this also required removing their previous NPIP tags).
Blanchflower added: "We feel it would help raise the level of debate if you could pretend that this time we have got it absolutely right."
That is the story I think of when I read Psalm 42:1 or sing the song based on this verse. “As the deer pants for streams of water, so my soul pants for you.” Like the deer or the elk in my hunting story, we sometimes pant desperately for relief from pain, sorrow, loneliness, guilt, and shame. Panting is not attractive. It the soul’s desperate cry for living water to quench spiritual thirst. Left unquenched, the soul could die. Fortunately, the Psalmist knows where that refreshment may be found - in God.
And I have to share my newest. I HAD to get a new one to go with the cute clutch I received for my birthday (from In Clover-- must stop by if you haven't been and you are in KC).
The idea of aerobic (air-oh-bik) exercise is to get your heart pumping faster, which will exercise and strengthen your heart (see our topic Fitness).
- Epiphany Crafts Shape Studio Tool - Round 25
Dr. Ken Romeo, “The Alzheimer’s Doc,” is a Board-Certified Physician in Alternative Medicine. He is also the inventor of BrainWaves™, Tools That Measure the Mind and Motor Skills of Seniors. BrainWaves™ products are sold worldwide to professional Caregivers, and to families that have been affected by Alzheimer’s disease.
were led to Selem, to her sister Abeba, to the stoop of their hut, please step in with us and learn their story:
And if you did not get this literary allusion, I am going to admonish you even more strongly to go check Bread and Jam for Frances out of the library.
“I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best.” ― Marilyn Monroe
The Party
-helpful educational sites and other inspiration sites
And stay with my baby
As a typical college student, I try to spend the least amount of money possible and bring in as much as I can. Enter, plasma donation. While some people may consider selling plasma as being less than favorable because of the circumstances of selling something from one's body, I am willing. I would probably sell a kidney if it wasn't illegal... yeah anyways, I went and donated plasma on Tuesday and there was a whole round of tests and questions that I had to answer and complete before I could even start pumping the plasma.
Until then, here's another cartoon sketch from a live iPad gig a few weeks ago. I really like how I am able to "cut into" the black when I am done, to pull out white lines and highlights. I learned from Hank Ketcham's work that black with white in it is more visually interesting than solid black.
This year, I hope to grow many plants to dye with. Hollyhock, coreopsis, bronze fennel, purple basil, marigold and anything else I can find seeds for…
Last week, I was invited to attend a lovely celebration at Llanerch Vineyard, marking a year since the opening of Angela Gray’s cookery school there.
We see how times are changing. We see how you each reach out to someone else to help them in their times of trauma and need. We see the beautiful web of love that you have created. We are here to remind you to feel this love within, to give it to yourself as you so willingly gift it to others.
year ago I set up a blog to keep a record of them and then
A: Actually not so much. Things were doing better for awhile there and then my MIL opened her mouth again. Since then I am done. They are allowed to come see us, but we will no longer waste our gas money going out of our way to go see them. (We have exceptions like family gatherings, then we'll go). We have allowed them to babysit here recently because they finally agreed to babysitting at OUR apartment. They live 30 minutes from the nearest hospital and with preemies we didn't feel that was safe, nor did I want to be 30 minutes away from my kids. They do complain that they "never" see us but we have invited them over at least once a week (most recently out to dinner before our plague hit) and they turned us down. In my opinion they don't have small children to pack for and load up, so the effort it takes for them to come see us is far less then what we have to do to go see them, so when they say things like they never see the kids anymore I just ask "What's stopping you?" Besides that though we are very civil, sometimes I think I can almost get past things, but usually that's when something else happens. Jensen absolutely loves visiting his uncle and grandpa and asks for them all the time. He recently got a tractor toy set that comes with a little farmer guy and he named it PopPop (what he calls Rob's dad) so he is very attached and I will not stand in the way of that. I am just not going to put effort into a relationship my MIL is determined to ruin at every turn.
* 1 teaspoon cumin
What’s weird though is that for the first time I actually felt that it would’ve been better to read the book first before seeing it in theaters. The backstory of The Hunger Games is so rich that non-readers (like me) might not be able to absorb or appreciate all of it in 142 minutes. You may think that it’s long, but trust me, IT’S A FAST-PACED STORY. Good thing director Gary Ross managed to find ways throughout the film to know more about what’s going on. The way he introduced significant facts and tidbits about the setting was simple yet effective, and only piqued my curiosity even more.
Hope you have a great week, and dont forget to enter the Purple Pumpkin Sketch challenge for this month, cant wait to see what you all come up with.
TpT is also not letting me upload anything right now because of all the sale
4. Natural Science 8:34
Tomorrow night is our parent meeting with our chosen pediatrician, which I'm excited about. I need to upload pictures of the completed crib (with bedding!) and recent Morgan-themed purchases. Sunday is our last Shower, so after that we'll need to outline the final necessities we need to purchase and get down to business. Right now, I know that Breast Pump and Bottles top the list- I'm sure there are other things but I can't think of them right now.
This brings me to present day. Ben apparently loves birds. I’ve strongly put my foot down about birds in my house. It’s a no. When I see birds I do NOT hear the soft music playing. I do not picture a Normal Rockwell. I picture a scene straight out of the Alfred Hitchcock movie. He was bummed, to say the least, but he’s adapted. He has “pet” birds that live in the tree outside our house. He’s pretty sure their names are Blue and Rainbow, that they’re married, and are planning to have a couple kids this spring. He made them a bird feeder, and every day takes them some pretzels, fish crackers and occasionally an oreo cookie to sustain them.
As i told you in the last post, i’ll be talking a bit about this instrument : an Arabic Flute instrument called “Nay” also known as nai, nye, or ney. The reason I was attracted to this instrument and the reason I was curious to learn how to play it is its sweet tender sound. it holds in it a kind of a lullaby, and its rhyme gets directly to the heart. It’s considered to be the perfect wind instrument in Arabic music since its richly harmonic tone and mellow more closely approximates the sound of the human voice than any other instrument. Nay flutes are made of pieces of hollow cane or reed or Bamboo. Modern nays may be made instead of metal or plastic tubing.. This instrument has seven holes, six fingerholes and a thumbhole. It’s also an end-blown flute that has no mouthpiece, but only a lip rest. Nays are keyed instruments. In the Arabic system there are 7 Nays. I only use 4 now. A good player can play the three-octave range on one instrument by altering the position of his fingers on the holes, by movements of the lips and head, and by breath control. Here’s a photo of my 4 Nays that i use sometimes in my music:
and when I saw the truth of all your cruelty
Anyway, I realized that the last time I made homemade yakitori (I usually buy it at grocery stores in Japan or go to restaurants) was almost exactly a year ago. That blog entry can be found here. Since I didn’t have any skewer sticks this time, I made yakitori without sticks, or I guess I can call them chicken meatball like I called it a year ago. I had cabbage in the fridge, so I finely chopped them and simply mixed it in together with minced chicken. Rolled it up in a small ball and broiled it for 10 minutes. Really easy snack to make, too! I also think that you can make this, freeze it, and heat it up whenever you want to eat it!
When I went back to work after Easter I found that my hours had been changed.
“I understand people are skeptical, but I got news for you,” insisted Julia-Levy. “This is not going to be a movie for UFO aficionados. We’re introducing evidence, facts and the truth.
You may have read about the case of Raymond Jacob, 37, who was stabbed to death during a burglary at the Bramhall home of businessman Vincent Cooke. It turns out that Jacob has a long history of offending dating back 20 years. Mr. Cooke was arrested on suspicion of murder but now been released on bail.
The lucky winner of my blog candy is:
As stated by Hub Spot’s survey, companies/organizations that blog have far better marketing results. Specifically, the average company/person that blogs has:
In Morocco, starting in 1960, Jewish entrepreneurs and businessmen were obliged to have a Muslim partner.
I reach for the hotel phone and call him. I don't care how much it will cost me.
2 teaspoons ground cumin
What Freytag isn’t prepared for is the surge of deep-rooted emotions he feels for Liese, but two things stand in his way: the grief and guilt she still clutches close to her heart, and a man who threatens to snatch Liese from under Frey’s watchful eye. Frey is determined to distract her into forgetting her pain. But is that enough to ease her grief, or help her see he can be more than her best friend?
Verdict: Same as yesterday. Fresh and filling.
I cannot believe Gene Hackman would star in this junk as Bennett‘s commanding officer. I also cannot figure out while the military cooperated with its filming. A real admiral would never jeopardize his career by rescuing Bennett personally. I cannot imagine Bennett himself would reconsidered hero after his abandonment of his co-pilot to radio for help gets him killed. But there is a neatly packaged, happy ending regardless.
Distance: 3.84mph
The bear’s feeding pattern on April 9th was consistent with those reported to police on April 7th. A resident reported at that time a bear stood on its rear legs in an attack or defensive posture while close to her and her dog; causing her to be fearful of harm. This change in the bear’s aggressive behavior was the subject of much discussion and concern for the welfare of the citizens of Marshfield.
I am sure Mirsky finds such robust God-talk repugnant. The question is, then, what robustness means, and why it is better than serious grappling with the difficult matter of Jewish identity. Mirsky contrasts the wimpy omphalocentrism of Jewish identity with "real, durable responsibilities." Which responsibilities, exactly, and what makes them more "real" then our commitments to our own ideals and the communities we inhabit by our choice?
I’m probably a bit late in talking about it, but there is a massive fire sale going on now. When I was in there on Sunday, the place was heavily picked over. But my family was still able to find some seasons from a few TV shows we like and a few movies. I think we spent about $28, which was something like a $1.50 a disc. The store is also selling off shelving, TVs, things like that.
Harare - Zimbabwe's president Robert Mugabe has warned Switzerland he would "reciprocate" after his wife and top officials were denied visas to attend a UN meeting in that country, state media said on Monday.
1. Scatter the thyme sprigs into a non-stick roasting tray.
Get a little control over that stinking cesspool you call a country, grow some cajones and start eliminating your cartels and crooked cops and government agents, quit exporting your citizens illegally across our border, quit accepting our "foreign aid," quit polluting our air and our water on the border, quit exporting your third-world diseases, start educating your citizens, cleaning up your cities and being a better neighbor and then ask us to quit making guns. . .
The performance is so very tight that I find myself forgetting it is a live album, except for the moments when the cheering crowd is audible. Synth pads, driving bass, distorted guitars, male-female vocals, and amazingly together percussion makes this album an exhilarating ride.
And so, tonight, as I thump away at these familiar keys, it is Different.
James Richards, director of mobile at Intelligent Environments, a banking software provider, said businesses were rushing to enter the mobile payments market. “Consumer appetite to use the ever-ubiquitous mobile device to make payments and manage money is alive and kicking,” he said.
Drag them away one by one and shoot the lot.
I nodded and thought to myself. ‘and I wish I can love them more than I love yoochun…’
Sing the songs.
Infinite coins!
But what if Republicans just don't care about winning the presidency on right-centrist terms? What if the lesson of recent years -- the lesson, particularly, of the Clinton/Gingrich years and of Obama's first term -- is that they don't have to win (or at least not win the presidency) in order to advance their far-right agenda? What if they've decided that they can fall short at the polls but advance their agenda through other means, and that that gets them closer to their utopia than they'd be with a victorious moderate presidential candidate?
Hoekstra pressed him, citing a 2001 incident in which Peru’s air force shot down a plane carrying US missionaries, killing a woman and her seven-month-old daughter, after the aircraft was misidentified as a drug-smuggler.
I started to wonder. What can I, in good conscience, encourage these kids to read? My mom would sigh at the Twilight franchise and say, “At least they’re reading.” I twitch a little bit when I try to justify it that way. It just doesn’t work in my head.
It's quick to register at greenmetropolis.com and you can click on the Dogs Trust logo on the homepage to browse through the wide variety of books other supporters have listed for sale. Or, if you have some books you'd like to sell, you can easily register as a charity seller and choose to donate either 50p or £1 from each sale to Dogs Trust. It's really easy to list books on the site - just locate the ISBN number on the back of your book and in most cases, the details (title, author, synopsis, number of pages etc) are instantly filled in for you. If you can't find the book's ISBN or if your particular book's details aren't stored in the database, you can manually add all the information yourself.
The boards were f.i.l.t.h.y. so the first thing I did was give them a good scrubbing.
This way more people can find their way here and
Pants. Pants are stupid. Have you ever worn pants? That’s because you’re an idiot. Me? No more pants. Screw those pants. Take them off. Fine. Don’t. I’ll take them off. I’ll take them off. Go away. Leave me alone. I’m taking these stupid pants off. See? I hurt myself. I have a big-ass booboo now. You can’t see it but it’s there. Don’t freaking touch me! I freaking hurt myself and now I have to scream to let the neigbours know. Somebody call Child Services. Please.
Over the years, I've condensed my Centeroo pack down to the essentials. First, I start with a hydration pack. Mine came from Target and was super cheap. But it's held up to three Bonnaroos (I used a string backpack my first year) and doesn't show signs of slowing down so I'm a fan.
It was hot and sunny, and if he wanted Kevin the Philatelist to have a beer and perhaps partake of a few snacks, then it seemed cruel to deny him that pleasure. After all, I’ve played lots of different characters on stage; how much harder could this be?
Tim Holtz Papillon and Mini Classic stamps
I'm good with ideas, I must say!
18th), Hedgehunter (Fell 30th); 2005 HEDGEHUNTER (WON); 2006 Hedgehunter (2nd); 2007 Hedgehunter (9th), Homer Wells (PU bef 22nd), Bothar
I pestered my mother for a trip to the nearest Radio Shack to buy big spools of copper wire, and insulators. Upon returning home, I shimmied up the trees in the backyard and created a large array - a 75m by 75m di-pole, complete with a ground, and ran it to control box that I built which allowed me to create single directional poles, as well as attenuate their lengths. Now, inserting it into the antenna receptacle of the receiver, I was able to visit almost every nation of the world from my bedroom. I would send them letters attesting to my reception on the east coast of America. In exchange, they would send a post card of verification (a "QSL") - typically with a lovely photo or image from their capital or something iconic from the country, in addition to a schedule, magazines, pennants, and tourist info to entice the potential traveller. And for the ones with ulterior political motives, they sent reams of propaganda (The Ba'ath Party Manifesto, History of Socialism in Albania, The Christian Word Afrikaans Life, and dozens of LPs from Springbok Radio that were intolerably boring but which looked great on my bookshelf). Some were after my soul, which I would gladly rent for a large pretty colour-postcard of Ecaudor's majestic snow-capped Mount Cotopaxi, whereas others were as eager for international contact from their remote studios in Kabul or Irian Jaya, as I was. For at eleven, the many politics were dwarfed by the novelty value of correspondence from around the world. I might go to bed with ABC Brisbane's morning show, dial down to the multitude of local small-power stations in rural Venezuela or Colombia, before drop in to Tashkent and Yerevan. I'd set my alarm to rise at 3am to catch the afternoon news on Radio New Zealand, before drifting back to sleep under the magical spell of Radio Cairo's non-stop show-casing of Umm Kulthum. I started receiving more mail than my parents. All my money was spent on postage, and I fretted when Mr Smiley (real name, no fooling!), our local postman was late for his route.
Now, Julius, go tally your populist and unfounded anti-western sentiments. You are keeping my South African compatriots victims in this sad old race to upstage Europeans. Ironically your efforts are still subsidized by white money. This you use gladly and squander greatly. We are not immigrating. We shall secure a future for our children in our motherland. This ship will be turned around by sober thinking South Africans, and I want to be there.
Suggestions for parents
A few weeks ago, in an e-mail sent to a parent of a former lacrosse player, Brodhead asserted that “the right role for the university is to speak forcefully for due process.” But his administration has failed to perform this commendable role, unless he mistakenly believes that “due process” constitutes demanding that even the most procedurally tainted cases go to trial.
I had no idea, no concept, that this trip would change my life, and that what would happen in Tunisia would change the course of history in the Arab World.
I’ve used blog sites in the past, but found that I largely couldn’t stick with them for one reason or another. It is with some irony, that the metrics for one of my past blogs shows steady activity, despite my not updating actively in a year.
Dexpanthenol – See Panthenol.
he did and he does with every touch
prepare1 cup carrot (grated) on the side to add soon
Requests for cancellations and refunds will not be entertained.
This week, Week 5 has been SUPER hard...because I havent run at all! The hard part has been finding time after working late to go. My plan was to run tomorrow morning before work (i.e. before I am exhausted), but now I have to drive to Sacramento tomorrow for work. This means I have to leave my house at like 630am....WOW. Could be worse though, I could be unemployed again!
Call it double indemnity.
Punches: Martha Stewart deep double edge punch Monarch Butterflees Trim and Pine Branch; Nellie Snellen Floral punches and embosser--Roseleaf-Jumbo and Extra-Large Leaf
(Of course, it is not possible… In Brazil, there is just no way you can know when – or whether – a technician will visit you, or a delivery will actually take place… ever! Don’t you remember Wall-Mart, last January???????????)
No. Remembering.
04 Philadelphia Bluntz-Shakey Shakey (Red Snapper RMX)
(a new word I’ve seen used in magazines lately)
Wasserman-Schultz: No Fluffy
I usually have 2 small snacks a day: One at 10am and other
Born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1926, to Irish-American Protestant parents, Donleavy was raised in the Bronx, attended the Naval Academy Preparatory School and, after a stint with the US Navy during World War II, applied and was accepted to Trinity College Dublin – due mainly, he later said, to a combination of good luck and the administration’s ignorance. Donleavy arrived at Trinity in 1946 and quickly became a patron of all the illustrious drinking dens where he met Patrick Kavanagh, John Ryan and Brendan Behan. Recalling his first encounter with Behan Donleavy once said: “He had just been released from prison then. He was in the IRA and I was surrounded by his cronies. As the afternoon’s joke, the two of us were introduced to each other as writers.” Both men of temper with fists-at-the ready, the two of them were squaring off to have a fight outside the pub within five minutes. It was the beginning of a tumultuous but enduring friendship. Behan was, in fact, after breaking into Donleavy’s cottage, the first person to read the manuscript of The Ginger Man. He scribbled intermittently throughout the bulk, interpolating it with little comments such as: “Leave this in,” “Take this out”, before concluding, with great prescience, that the “book will go around the world.” And so it did, several times over.
(Ecclesiastes 3:11-12 NIV)
We all love our pets and it truly sucks when one of them eats something they shouldn't. A person. A goat. Whatever. It sucks.
“The initial diagnosis of criminal insanity has been discredited in numerous articles in the newspapers and in the social media. Medical experts who don’t agree with the findings in the report have been brought in by the media to discredit the report. This is also the first time that a court in Norway has appointed new medical experts based solely on the intense public debate over their conclusions. This passionate one-sided public debate prevents due process to take place,” according to Lippestad.
Think about what's in the snack box.
For example, fast food joints, or “quick service restaurants,” as they are known in the trade, lose up toseven percent of sales to employee theft, according to the National Restaurant Association. Now, these retailers are fighting back with surveillance systems that allow them to keep track of their employees every move and punch of the register. Already, 90 percent of retailers monitor their staffs with video cameras, but combining the visuals with data from the register makes these systems much more powerful.
My eldest child was born 9 years ago this month. When she was born I thought I really should give up, so I had my first proper and most successful attempt. I stopped smoking for a total of 6 months, during that time I never ever stopped wanting a cigarette, and for half the time I was still pumping nicotine into my body via the patches.
The type of attitude Churchill had to endure with his colleagues was growing even then. The early Globalist, One-Worlder, Lord Milner, wrote a Memorandum of June 23rd On the Repatriation of Coloured Men which explained why they could do nothing about it: ”I have every reason to fear, that when we get these men back to their own colonies they might be tempted to revenge themselves on the white minorities there…” This emasculated attitude grew until Churchill was nearly isolated in his own government. Oliver Lyttleton (later Lord Chandos) and the fifth Marquess of Salisbury are two other notable opponents of open-door immigration.
Paper: PTI vintage cream, black, Authentique DP
Michael’s Sabich Recipe (with introduction)
The company officials were unreachable at press time.
“Oh,” she said, as if humoring a mentally challenged child. “They’re, like, search engine terms. Like when you type in the first few letters on Google, and it fills it in for you?”
And paddle their white canoe!
On the other hand, I've listened to owls hooting many times as darkness descends in a forested area. Once or twice, I hooted to them and a conversation of sorts ensued. So, I don't imagine that anytime a person hears or sees an owl, it means someone is about to die.
and this is because of a message
in my life.” (No, there is no place in my life for you, that’s why I chose to leave. But, I am glad that you are finally coming to accept that.)
While I wish the news story would have also referenced the roll of ransoms and zakat in “filling the coffers of rebels,” it is fair to point out the disturbing increase in Al Qaeda activity in the region. On last night’s PBS NewsHour, former CIA station chief Luis Rueda warned that Mali and Mauritania could be the new hotbeds for Al Qaeda activity worldwide. We ignore this trend at our own peril.
taken: it was reported to me from Sydney, Australia.
At the moment, Glottopedia is still being built up. Even though, it already contains a variety of useful data base and is available in two more languages: German and Spanish (which would surely be a great of help for our exchange students).
To be in for the chance to win, please follow these simple rules:
who calls you into His kingdom and glory.
*illustrate* that in any way they wanted to. Jake excitedly told me about how
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9x13 inch casserole dish with cooking spray.
3. Visa status
So, please read below, and let's jump into the Preface and Chapter 1!
In the meantime I shall stay guard over the boat, only going ashore from time to time to ward off cabin fever. I think it safe to say I have everything I need and am suffering in no way.
"If anyone considers herself religious and yet does not keep a tight rein on her tongue, she deceives herself and her religion is worthless."
Ah, but the major exception...
Now, anyone can publish anything on Amazon's self-publishing platform, mind you. I don't blame Amazon for not catching it immediately. What I DO blame them for is their deplorable response to the situation once they were made aware of it... over and over and over.
Thanks for stopping by the farmhouse for a visit today! We love having company.
First, if there is no change in the regulatory scheme and if the price of the service did not have to increase to finance additional investment of $300 billion, Broadband uptake rates for all Americans will be at 99% in 2020.
For tourists and those staying in the city centre, there is the SIA Hop-On Trolley and Sentosa Rider. More information can be found at the Sentosa website.
jane xx
5. Has a sense of entitlement.
Windows open? Check.
4Do not keep the ox from taking the grain when he is crushing it.
Well, they do take a while to get used to new things.
I was put in charge of dessert for Christmas dinner so I gathered a list of Christmasy sounding recipes and presented them to the family for an informal poll. Elaine and Axel F narrowed it down to Frozen Peppermint Bouche de Noel and this one. Upon presenting these two final options to mom and dad I received the response: 'the whiskey one. When we see whiskey, we react.' The whiskey one it was.
If Grass’s poem has any merit, it may be to call attention to precisely this fact. It is, I suspect, the kind of thing which will have to go on recurring, a constant re-examination of the present state of the German “soul” and the relationship between Germans and Jews. It is a process which, I would hope, can finally achieve some kind of positive development.
The City of Austin was incorporated in 1839, but didn’t get a City Hall until 1858. Why the delay? Maybe those early Austinites had been too busy decimating the buffalo and native populations to bother putting up a municipal building. Maybe Mirabeau Lamar, President of the Republic of Texas, let the Council meet in his barn. We just don’t know at this point.
We all know the new big thing is Go Green…that includes EATING MORE GREEN TOO! Green Smoothies are becoming more popular, but it can take some getting used too. I am still trying to get used to them myself. If you are one of the many Americans who are severely lacking greens in your diet, or if you despise them, this is a great way to incorporate more into your body without the moaning and groaning while trying to shove asparagus and kale into your mouth. When I have time, I like to play and experiment with my vita-mix (although with this concoction you don’t need one, an ordinary simple blender will do) I have a great recipe I threw together tonight for you all to try and will love! Even you Green haters…
In turn, another delegation member from Britain said that we came to Syria to inspect the reality on the ground as we know that the British media cannot be counted on to convey correct facts, adding that only the Syrians can solve the problem in Syria, not through foreign interference.
100ml double cream, whipped lightly
I don't even know where to start. I was in Paris....17 years ago? Yes. I was 7 when my parents took me to Disneyland. Man was I excited, it was unforgettable. We only took a short trip to Paris and the only thing I remember was the view from the Eiffel tower, Louvre and Mona Lisa.
"Welcome to Paradise". Actually we have seen it several
95. Lay is a hardworking type and diligent. He can exercise until 3 am.
“That brave girl today, not only did she get lucky getting away, she put a monster behind bars where he belongs,” said father Joe Ocasio.
Believe me, I wasn't climbing any trees! I just have a good camera!
(due out in April). It shows that our current Culture War is not about left vs right at all. It is about two very different sets of personalities and worldviews.
53 The term ‘cargo’ indicates that the services at issue are freight services and the packaging and storage of goods.
I caught a monster!
In a large bowl, mix first 3 ingredients. Then prepare egg replacer, whisking with a fork until frothy, and add to bowl along with the vanilla. Stir well.
Example 3:
to this, Chrysler has stated in their 10K filling with the SEC that they plan
My nomination for the Versatile Blogger Award goes to Vieveandlynsker. They are sisters who draw, paint, knit and have a liking for elves. Wait a minute…their blog is only one month old. Why, I’ll nominate them for the Liebster too.
Linda Willows
October 25 - Wyatt Knight, actor ("Porky's"), 56
Alex: “Not if you’re Scottish.”
The book raises important topics such as family unity, loyalty, integrity, faith, testimony, trust, true friendship, marriage prep, etc. Moreover, the subtle comparison between Tag and the rebels of Sabirah’s day is compelling.
We also went to an art and antiques fair, and saw (amongst all the nasty chintz and china and polished veneer) a stall of Russian icons. Hanging all together like this they were beautiful. A patchwork of wonderful painting. And, I noticed, all in my favourite ochre-red-olive Rima-palette.
REASONS TO GO: The highly competitive nature of the father-son dynamic is highlighted. Low-key hilarity.
I've heard that Michael Richards is the one holding this one back. This was sort of like Saturday Night Live, but oftentimes better. Larry David was a cast member and guests like Andy Kaufman make this a MUST for DVD release.... how is that I can buy Extreme Makeover with ADHD poster child Ty Pennington, but Fridays still is unreleased?
In encouraging Pickle to discuss his feelings of fear, anxiety and insecurity, are we unintentionally discouraging open discussion with Gherkin with regard to his confusion, hostility and impatience?
The American Library Association has a great list of banned 20th century classics, and I’m proud to say that my oldest kids read lots of these, and Nick, at 14, has a good start: To Kill a Mockingbird, The Call of the Wild, Lord of the Rings, The Lord of the Flies, and Of Mice and Men, among others. He has a few non-20th century novels under his belt as well.
in her direction. "Yes, it is. We were just taking her for
Web site: www.viewcast.com
The question is not if, but when the Internet is amputated, mutilated, and disabled.
Sophia is main person. She really love Fabio, who is famous actor. She got chance to co-star with Fabio in the film as an extra. She felt very happy! She had lots of hope and passionate love to Fabio.
150g cake flour
He hemmed. He hawed. Then finally:
Mr Simon said big corporates were demanding terms of 45 to 60 days from end of month before payment for jobs.”
DIGI's ONLY (no rubber stamps) easy peasy!!!
Today Jelly Shot Test Kitchen conquers another love-it-or-leave-it holiday fixture. Fixture is probably an appropriate word, as the inspiration for this jelly shot can (and often does) multitask as a doorstop!
I hope you have a great friend in your life as I do,Kelly and I had the best day yesterday,it was like two kids in a candy store for the first time,our first stop was the Sally Store( aka)Salvation Army Store,I found some great treasures,then we were off to a Big Breakfast at Pete and Nik’s YUM!
May, a German princess, was engaged to Prince George, son of King Edward VII. She would be known later in life as the formidable Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth II's mentor in all things royal.
Some arsehole had put a black chain across the parking area and it almost broke my windscreen.
Anyway, I’ve been playing the game quite a bit, and decided to add a few clearer rules for my games regarding some stuff. The game is vague in some aspects, and I enjoy that, but since I love dwelling in game design I thought I’d make the hacks available to anyone interested. These are not clarifications to the rules. More like tweaks I enjoy to make it a bit more solid, and maybe even limited. Always a good thing when playing a solitaire game.
Of course, the groundhog will make it official tomorrow, but I'm betting on an early spring this year. Or, more like, the shortest winter ever. I can live with that.
last year i didn't give duit raya as i only started working, but alhamdulillah, i've made up this year! my gandmas, aunts, uncles and young cousins were very excited to receive them from me! hehee! we were very joyous on Hari Raya, and i felt like such an adult. especially after giving my parents their duit raya!
2. Not really.
unpublished shots
David Wright - Drums
Kitchen Fun With My 3 Sons This blog has some of the most creative food ideas that I’ve ever seen, and I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her brilliant April Fools day food ideas. Check this one out immediately. Bacon cookies? Macaroni and cheese made from candy? The genius never stops.
Joining us for questions will be Constable Mark Vegso, High School Liaison Officer, Halton Regional Police.
When we sold it (you had no clue)
Suzy West WOW
Enjoy the awards if that’s what you’re into. I’ll be there, waiting for the car crash and drinking a nice award winning beer. Or two.
Ripped in 30 consists of four workouts, each one intended to be done for one week before moving on to the next, more intense workout. I can happily report that Week 1 is in the bag. Each workout this week consisted of three circuits - 3 minutes of strength (3 moves, repeated twice), 2 minutes of cardio (2 moves, repeated twice), and 1 minute of abs (2 30 second exercises). Week 1 left me a sweaty mess even though it was only 24 minutes. My obliques and hamstrings were feeling it the most and I see some definition in my chest from the push ups.
I was under the impression that my fellow residents of Canberra were the world’s worst tailgater’s, well move over Canberrans, Queenslanders have it all over us!!!
Guy Fieri has his demonstrations scheduled for Saturday, November 12 at 12:15 pm and an encore performance at 5:45 pm. Tickets range in price from $25 to $250, which includes General Admission to show.
This orange and black top from Victoria's Secret PINK is a simple, yet adorable alternative to a costume :) I would pair it with an open cardigan, jeans, and black boots. The price is fabulous as well!
He had also instructed his officers to meet with universities and institutions of higher learning to brief them on the latest incident where undergraduates had been targeted by certain terror groups.
These are my favorite read-alouds...and, yes, I do loud, silly character voices! I love it! And fortunately, my kiddos seem to enjoy it as well. I may not sing well, but at least I can read with enthusiasm! Click the link below to join the read-aloud linky fun!
Say what? I for one want the debate in the open. That is why I named my series of articles, soon to be a book, “Opening Pandora’s Apartheid Box”
Enter: The Self
The angular abrasive tracks like ". . . .", "danger", and "father" are real gems. The lamentation of "try to forget" is um not so forgettable. They really get cookin' on "knots". I quite enjoy every tune here.
Now either pressure cook the jack fruit and green gram for 10 minutes or just cook on medium flame till done...
Perhaps it’s a clichéd thing to say, but there are some friendships that you can pick up where you left off, even if, in our case, that was five years ago in Adelaide. The girls have grown and all the parents’ hair is greyer, but the jokes, reminiscences and effortless conversation hadn’t changed.
There are so many better writers for children who have been at work in the last sixty years that to faff about changing "fellow" to "old man" and "it's all very peculiar" to "it's all very strange" seems like a perverse rearranging of the literary deck chairs on a recession- hit publishing Titanic heading towards a very big iceberg with "e-books" written on it.
I recently lost my hard drive in my computer and lost all of my digital layouts. I had backed up my photos though. I now begin the daunting task of redoing all those layouts. Here's the first one:
Have a look at the pictures in our flickr slideshow below from what was a very tasty day out.
I liked the album. I liked “How Will I Know” from having seen the video, while “Saving All My Love for You” and “You Give Good Love” were great mellow love songs. It was a thoroughly decent debut.
As Robert Duvall famously says in Apocalypse Now - "I love the smell of Upham in the morning."
a legacy of
…and in the project bag was a skein of Spud and Chloe Sweater in Grass with a tennis ball to knit Ribbit; a pretty tin with stitch markers, a “Knit Happy” retractable tape measure, an emergency crochet hook, yarn needle and puppy snips!; as well as some frog and flower buttons; AND enough yarn to make a fairy friend for my blue fairy.
I make that declaration after a "friend" on FB deleted me and called me "sick". I didn't like him much anyway after he told me once that if he saw a pregnant woman smoker in the street he would punch her in the face. He's a self-shamed smoker but a regular quitter and very overweight but worse, he has a small mind and he doesn't want to expand it.
I have to say that those reactions come from non-romance readers. People who read and enjoy romance are excited to meet an author. I’ve never had anything but a truly wonderful experience with readers. And it’s a large community. Romance comprises the largest segment of the fiction market. With sales exceeding 1.3 billion dollars in 2010, romance beats the next largest segment (religious/inspirational) by nearly 600 hundred million dollars.
So, I’m shifting out of the hate and into the love zone with affirmations. What do you think? What has your experience with affirmations been like? Do you have any favorite ones?
Ramsey has done well since the injury and has handled himself maturely throughout the situation. He told everyone that all Shawcross’ sins have been forgiven by him and he just wants to fight for his place back and with Fabregas, Diaby and Nasri all out of action for tomorrow’s encounter, Ramsey will be drafted to the ‘starting lineup’ when we play those footballing thugs. A few Arsenal fans following my blog @goonerdaily on Twitter are hoping that we would break a few bones here and there when we play them tomorrow but it seems as if we don’t have the type of personnel that can go to a match and commit atrocities on the pitch. Theo Walcott presently has the Arsenal record of the highest amount of games without a booking in the Premier League. @OptaJoe tweeted that Walcott has gone 111 games without getting a card.
*Weiner is allowing the coming harshness of the 60s to creep in. First the Richard Speck massacre and now a disgruntled Marine who’s picking off innocent bystanders. Not that Mad Men hasn’t always been interesting – because it has – but when the full-on chaos of the late 60s hits, it’s going to add an intriguing new dynamic to the show.
Colour and Consistency: It’s also colourless and oil-free so it’s not thick like your typical essences/ serums. It’s watery and light. Since its consistency is light, after application, it is quickly absorbed by the skin in probably three seconds. The VB Effector on the skin feels cool (not alcohol-cool) that you can feel the skin “breathe”.
Describing it as irresponsible, the Deputy Youth and Sports Minister said it would only lead to collapse of the country’s judicial and legal system.
We briefly discussed maybe Home Depot, but then I remembered a conversation with a co-worker. He had this Amish Guy (AG) do his cabinets in his house. And this is what I remembered about that. "5x the quality, half the price".
THE REAL by James Cole (very good horror/thriller tale)
01-Freedom Singers-Easy Come Easy Go
I'm getting so skinny it hurts to sit down,
· Daniel Glass, founder and president, Glassnote Entertainment
I’ve been wanting to paint something incorporating the shape of the Eiffel Tower but wasn’t at all sure how to go about it. Yesterday I drew what can only be described as a squiggle and from that literally grew the painting that I did this afternoon.
like so many
This is for that man…you know who you are. Not under one name or one face but one type underneath it all. You have tainted rich soil, conquered and pillaged sacred plains, delved into the deepest corners of unexplored caverns and declared ownership. As if her pussy was property. You have created superiority in your name and claimed sanction in corners of the world, yet you are everywhere. You will tower over the beauties of this land and profess false prophecies of a God like stature because of your dick.
Do NOT, I repeat, do NOT, think you have a boyfriend just cause you have a profile picture with a lad.
Bible passages on the post-resurrected Jesus:
3-4 mini sweet peppers (I used red and yellow)
This leads to a heart-thumping finale in which Lindy, Karl, Sean and unlikely ally Jess need to act together to thwart the drug dealers, Colin and his sinister tooled-up friend known as Elf because of his pointed ears. It could have been a bit Scooby-Do with a lesser hand guiding the story. But it all works.
It's looks like a glittery turquoise and I think it will look fabulous, combined with Sugarpill's Darling. The photo shows a bit more blue than it actually is.
and readers, go check them out...for reals.
things digitized tile, sheets, every day
This image is after opening a brew almost 2 months after bottling, I think I got a bad leaky bottle as there was very little hiss when I opened the bottle (Coopers Plastic bottles). The head disappeared relatively soon but the taste was quite nice. The colour is pretty much as you would expect. I'm hoping that by the time I have the next beer tasting it will have "sorted itself out". :) Overall a nice brew and I would recommend it.
Goodbye~ I love you!" Maaahhhhh! (kiss)
UNHCR: In the January 2012 press release, the UN´s Refugee Agency representative for Germany and Austria Michael Lindenbauer noted that “the so-called airport procedure leads to fundamental problems in the core area of refugee protection” for all refugees, and especially for unaccompanied children and those who have been traumatized by experiences in their country of origin.
Other times I feel you want me to stay
The Plan: Well, geez I don't totally know yet, but you can figure on new chairs for around the table, new fabrics everywhere (that includes the horrific window treatments,) new lighting, a rug, probably a new furniture piece for my cabinetry door wall.
And since the year old report cites major problems and dissension within the organization, perhaps one or two of those unhappy sources should have been found and given a voice?
Time to think and watch. Watch as the employees at the DMV engaged in an elaborate dance that could be called Ignoring My Responsibilities and All Sense of Customer Service: A Movement Study. After "helping" (servicing? dealing with? tolerating?) an individual tax-paying citizen, one DMV employee in particular would begin her dance. It went something like this:
Elijah said to them, “Seize the prophets of Baal! Do not let one of them escape!” So they seized them; and Elijah brought them down to the Brook Kishon and executed them there.
PM:It’s a historical novel about Ernest Hemingway’s first marriage and early years in Paris told from Hadley Hemingway’s point of view. Theirs is one of the most romantic and tragic love stories in literary history. Set at the same time as A Moveable Feast and The Sun Also Rises, the book offers us a fresh and intimate view of Hemingway as he was creating himself, the writer and the man, and transports a reader into the fascinating realm of Bohemian Paris, and also many other exotic destinations—the Austrian Voralberg for Alpine Skiing, Pamplona for fiesta. Their life together was thrilling, but also very tender and real.
Also turn it around if you see only one side browning.
The Muslim scripture actually condemns the Christians for believing that Jesus is God’s Son, saying that Allah will fight against them for believing in such a thing:
Today’s target number 64. (It’s just fluid, I tell you.) Walked 717 steps. Breakfast was a piece of toast, a banana and two hardboiled eggs. Lunch was tuna salad (5 oz solid albacore, 1 tbsp mayo, 2 tbsp fresh squeezed lime juice, 1/2 tsp. sriracha) sliced tomato. Afternoon snack 4 oz trail mix (spiced pecans, cranberries and chocolate) dinner 4 oz NY strip, 2 tbsp green beans, half a small ear of corn, quarter cup lemon sorbet.
Preheat the oven to 350 F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Today, I joined the blocks in to groups of four. I was going to sash both vertically and horizontally but then I actually really liked the vertical only sashing. It reminded me of alien pods going toward the space ship. Or is that only me?
6 go
But I guess in the end, everyone’s perceptions are valid. We each have our own experiences that form them. This guy loves New York’s opportunity for all, delivery services and taxi overload. But when it comes to the city’s energy and the people who create that energy, he says: “Some do overshoot: in the drive to become the ultimate New Yorker, many overdress to overkill, get high, become pathologically hyperactive, play a role and make the city somewhat unbearable.”
2 Bell's White Winter Ale, 12oz
On 1 February, the Federal court held that the use of this service by an Optus customer was covered by the time-shifting exception, even if the user watched the recorded broadcast only two minutes after the live broadcast. There is no requirement in the legislation that a person must own the equipment on which a recording is made, nor that the recording be made in the person’s home.
About a year ago, someone in my family lovingly (and more importantly honestly) told me that my curtains needed to be hung on a different curtain rod. Yes, they were right... But I never did anything about it. I wanted something different than a new curtain rod.
"Yeah." I said. "I'm pretty sure he can." He keeps on mouthing and I walk away.
Meanwhile, fans have been left amazed at the fact that Park Yoochun took part in the Baeksang Arts Awards ceremony on the same day of the accident and showed nothing out of the ordinary.
I’m a big fan of putting pictures of active fatties out in the world. I’ll show you mine, you can show me yours (which is to say you can put awesome pictures and videos of you in the comments to encourage others…)
-9x12 heavy paper for background (we used tagboard)
06 - Dead Giveaway 04:19
Row 3- (sc in 1sc, 2sc in next) around. (9)
Dark Matter - Michelle Paver
Once there was a spirit
Great Divide Brewing Co
Salzburg, Austria
This past week I have learned bundles of information about the importance of communication and the media (hand-in-hand). I didn’t realise that by working in the journalism/ media industry, you could help so many people find valuable information easier to understand.
Heat the oil in a small, deep pot until a drop of batter rises quickly to the surface, covered in bubbles. Turn down the heat a little.
All of my clothing was purchased at L@ne Bry@nt or Av3nue. I would spend whatever amount necessary to clothe my body in something that looked decent for work. I shopped only twice a year, usually every 7 – 8 months as my clothing wore out. I wore my clothing continually without thought to outfits or accessories.
150 Squats
Problem: Aloj is doing some type of dark thing with water and it is affecting everyone´s lockers. José decides to stop her when he finds out.
We note here in the interests of being thorough that some Muslims do seem to believe they can produce car-bomb-sized explosive devices through the use of gas canisters as main charges. Attempted attacks in New York in 2010, Stockholm in 2010, and the UK in 2007 (all of which failed) demonstrate that there does exist the occasional Muslim terrorist of the opinion that these devices can actually be viable. However, their record to date in inducing these devices to explode is fairly underwhelming. It is certainly the case that, if one has a conventional explosive device, having gas canisters in close proximity to it when it explodes should create a bigger blast as the containers rupture, the gas rushes out with the shock wave, mixes with atmospheric oxygen, and ignites. A similar principle has been utilized by weapons developers in creating what are called fuel-air explosives, or thermobaric bombs. However, if one can produce conventional explosives, there is no obvious need to use gas canisters, as indeed the PIRA, and for that matter the loyalist paramilitaries, did not. And if one can not produce them, then one is left in the position of trying to pull oneself up by one’s own bootstraps with the jerryrigged firework-and-gas-canister assemblies that have so far done little more than allow security services in the UK and other countries to cull the less technically adept parts of the Muslim terrorist community.
Here is how I put it together
It’s also just starting to really sink in that Reaper has been canceled. It wasn’t the best show around, but it was always enjoyable. Seeing Sock in a new (not very good looking) sitcom just seals it for me. Sigh.
A “lean” sandwich. The schnook next to me ordered it. I told the counterman to let him try a piece of juicy for comparison, and boy did he regret his ordering decision. For 14 bucks for a sandwich (and if you know what is good for you, tip the counterman an extra $2 while he is slicing your sandwich and you’ll be happier) you had better get your money’s worth!
All music written by Andy & Sean, lyrics by Liam.
One day, as he was working on an aristocratic portrait,tired and bored by the ugly face of the Lady, he had the idea to replace her face by his own dog’s face! The first ‘aristochien’ was born!
Britain’s liberal and pitiful open borders policy has allowed a tidal wave of child-trafficking, voodoo-murder, slavery, rape and forced prostitution. The Guardian newspaper reports that thousands of children are smuggled into Britain every year. “Many trafficked children are not perceived to be valuable,” said Christine Beddoe, director of child protection charity Ecpat UK. Children can fetch as little as £300, although Scotland Yard believes some have been sold for as much as £16,000.
Decided to take a much needed family vacation.
have come up with this week
I still continue to try to get my exercise in every day (walking my favorite route up and down the little mountain close to my home).
Jim Carrey (The Office)
The real shame is that while the onrushing future offers the life insurance industry a unique opportunity not just to compete, but to dominate in financial services, the industry gives every indication of an embedded tendency to rest on its past success. If this continues, the industry can only watch as the future passes it by. There are a number of important areas that could be cited, but the best example of the industry’s unwillingness to be in time with the future is in its failure to use technology to improve its business model.
I love this stuff, too:
This Sunday the United Methodist Men are launching a Business Directory entitled “Methodist Helping Methodist.” Many larger churches have done this type of ministry for years. Our members often ask, “Do you know of people in the church that provide _____ service?” Whether it is plumbing, electrical, construction, consulting, automotive or a myriad of other services, members often desire to use someone that others recommend or someone within their own church. I have become pretty knowledgeable over the last ten years in the services people offer, but we need a better system.
Will.
Now, that does not make Scourge a New York Times Bestseller (you should be in the top twenty before you start adding that to your byline), but it is a big deal for me, and I am very, very pleased by this turn of events. This represents the initial "push" of the book, and indicates that a lot of copies reached fans who were looking forward to it, and as such is not just a nice thing for the writer (which it is) but a commendation for both the marketing and, ultimately, a testament to the devotion of Star Wars fans who enjoy the novels. Thank you all.
My tastiest use of this informative book was in experimenting with squash blossoms. I had a healthy zucchini crop this summer (only three plants) with plenty of blossoms available during the really hot spells. Schreiber's book notes that "squash flowers can be stuffed with cheeses and other fillings, battered and deep fried or sauteed and added to pasta". The trick with the squash flowers is to get the male flowers (the ones without a bulbous base that indicates that a baby zucchini is on the way) when they have just started to open, as they are rather fragile and get raggedy even after a day in the sunshine. The other trick is to avoid getting stung by a bee while picking them, as they are also very attractive to the Insect Kingdom. I found that early morning, when the cold-blooded bees are still drowsy and slow, was the best time to swoop in and steal them.
Well, today started by my getting stuck in my apartment.
I would like a little advice from you guys though… One of the questions on the art form asks if there is anything I specifically DON’T want on my cover. This is a YA fantasy (an epic fantasy) and I am toying with the idea of saying I don’t want any of the characters on the cover, or at least any of their faces. What do you think? Do you like to have a character depicted on the cover of the book you’re reading? Or would you rather have it left to your imagination?
Though the Stone/Bear Republic/Fat Head's collaboration beer TBA is being distributed by Stone, unfortunately it will not be making its way to Kansas City.
I highly recommend you go find yourself a copy.
I turned this one down very quickly. E5 is the best player in the deal right now, I can’t trust Headley (he’s on the Padres = no offense), Gallardo is really struggling (but a buy low candidate) and Balfour is likely to be traded (and may not be a closer on the new team). I just feel I can do way better than this for E5.
I have so much I want to say about our experiences in Ethiopia. About the orphanages. About the donations. About the surreal day I clutched my baby girl to my chest as DH clutched our baby boy to his in the back of a very old Toyota (there are no car seats in Ethiopia) as we made our way on the muddied, nearly washed out roads towards the US Embassy, where we raised our right hands and talked through glass on a little phone to an anonymous worker on the other side, and in five minutes they were ours....I want to talk about it all but for now, I will just leave you with a few photos for your viewing pleasure:
Another lovely read from Phillipa - if you didn't catch it first time round then grab your copy now!
The Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated on this date in 1914 and that started The War to End All Wars.
Our perplexity is entirely removed by carrying back our minds to the time when the English constitution began to be criticised and admired by foreign thinkers. During the eighteenth century many of the continental governments were far from oppressive, but there was no continental country where men were secure from arbitrary power. The singularity of England was not so much the goodness or the leniency as the legality of the English system of government. When Voltaire came to England -- and Voltaire represented the feeling of his age -- his predominant sentiment clearly was that he had passed out of the realm of despotism to a land where the laws might be harsh, but where men were ruled by law and not by caprice. He had good reason to know the difference.
So after everything is done I put together goodie boxes for the office. Good thing I'm going back to work tomorrow, I need a break!! I'm taking the week between Christmas and New Year's off and I'm hoping to be able to get some major me time in my room. I haven't had that week off since my kids were babies so I'm looking forward to it. I hope you have a good evening and as always, thank you for stopping by!
I put them in right away as my very own good luck charm!
Drain and rinse black beans. Place chicken at bottom of pot, then pour out whole can of corn (undrained), rotel, and black beans. Top with seasonings and ranch mix. Stir together. Place cream cheese on top. Cover with lid and cook on low for 6-8 hours. Stir cream cheese into chili. Use 2 forks to shred chicken. Stir together and serve.
Used for buzzing around the place
Totally worth a visit if you are ever in London. There are so many good places to eat in London but if I EVER move down there (fingers crossed I do at some point!), I expect this will surely become a food blog because I won't be able to fit into any more of my clothes.
NHS patients in Surrey to be treated by rail company in £500m deal
-God has set things in motion to then be guided by natural laws and so there is neither a need nor an actual occurrence of miracles.
Great Divide Brewing Company Hades Ale
We are planning a weekend away at a venue Kelloggsville knows very well, and we are going to Disney on Ice just before Easter. In regular meetings, we will be building birdhouses then donating them to the school, having a cinema night, a mystery games night, Thinking Day, two weeks on Sri Lanka, a promise evening (exploring the promise rather than a ceremony) and an Easter party.
The Big Show Vs Mark Henry is up next.
Still it was a great time and I love the low-key, relaxed atmosphere. There was one other gripe from my crowd that I did not share. The idea that you had to buy 8 beer tickets and 2 meal tickets. Complaints about wee lassies drinking too much and large laddies not drinking enough were spoken, my I, the ever helpful economist, congratulated them on discovering a missing market and encouraged them to seize the opportunity by buying surplus tickets and selling them to thirsty linebackers. No one thought this was a good idea or that my contribution was in any way helpful. Save for Jeff, who after a tick, exclaimed 'arbitrage!' and was quite pleased that he nailed the lingo.
That’s right, the Breakfast Dagwood. Denny’s greatest sanwich. THAT IS NOT FREAKIN’ AVAILABLE ANYMORE!!!
Since losing my mother in 1988, Mother's Day has always been a day I dreaded. It has been a day that I've wanted to just pull the covers over my head and forget. As a child, making Mom's Day crafts, for an alternate family member or inviting an alternate family member to a Mother's Day banquet was almost like twisting a knife in a wound. For me it was always a reminder of what wasn't, of what I desperately missed and yet would never know. I ached, a piece of me missing, a gaping wound in my broken heart that no one else could fill.
There will be an update by the weekend!
the church, but it also presents a delightful dilemma as one can in some strange way empathize with what Don Avalone is trying to do. In his complex state, his philosophy is to kill the yearning young lads as to protect them from committing sin, hence allowing them to enter heaven instead of the burning pits of hell. I’m a sucker for the moral twists of doing bad, for doing good, and Fulci nails this one on the head. Then he makes the priest – or the clergy in the larger picture – pay a most terrible and harrowing death as he has his face torn to pieces against the rock walls, before breaking every body in his bone when he smashes into the hard rock below. If there was one thing Fulci could do, it was provoke.
Pets Help to Prevent Heart Disease Because pets provide people with faithful companionship, research shows they may also provide their owners with greater psychological stability, thus a measure of protection from heart disease. (National Institute of Health Technology Assessment Workshop: Health Benefits of Pets)
Early one summer morning, Matthew Bishop kisses his still-sleeping wife Marissa, gets dressed and eases his truck through Milwaukee, bound for the highway. His wife, pregnant with their first child, has asked him to find the antique cradle taken years before by her mother Caroline when she abandoned Marissa, never to contact her daughter again. Soon to be a mother herself, Marissa now dreams of nothing else but bringing her baby home to the cradle she herself slept in. His wife does not know-does not want to know-where her mother lives, but Matt has an address for Caroline's sister near by and with any luck, he will be home in time for dinner.
can wreak havoc on our lives. It doesn’t take much for this to happen. An offbeat comment perhaps, or some other perceived ill, can at times be sufficient in driving us crazy with drama. If we’d only paid more attention to the logic, right?
I was all gung ho to make a Meyer lemon syrup and can it. Well, let me tell you that the subtle sunny notes that makes a Meyer a Meyer does not want to be contained in a syrup that sits on the shelf. Or at least that's how I felt. It was my technique of heating the juice that ruined it's delicate bouquet. Use the rangpur lime syrup recipe below, and I can assure you a better product. Just stick it in the fridge, stick it in the fridge. You'll drink it pretty fast anyways. To be fair, this still makes a fine lemonade base. Next time I'll just stick with the regular kinds of lemons.
General Beaufre wrote a trilogy of books, “Introduction to strategy”, “Deterrence and strategy” and “Strategy of action”.
To pay a call back to your play,
(Reuters) - Presidential hopeful Mitt Romney broke with Republican orthodoxy on Friday by saying he believes that humans are responsible, at least to some extent, for climate change.
PS. You'll notice I have no blog header anymore :-( :-( it won't let me upload a new one! I am devestated :-( ... if anyone has any ideas - please help!!! It keeps saying I've reached my upload limit?!?! But I can still post pics in blog posts ...... ???
And she said,
Submit Project as a "linky" to the MB's Treasurista Contest post
1 andy
Release Date : 7 December 1967
I remember how I first saw this cover in someone's Waiting on Wednesday post and immediately fell in love with the cover at first sight. I love the water effect surrounding the girl and how her body seems to made out of water. The background also reflects the depth of the sea and how it's dark with tones of light sea colour. I like how simple but gorgeous the cover is!
We all now know that this is rarely the case. The smarter blogger is
Sure, not a “Western Beer” but a unique thing to sample. Picked up a single at Total Wine back in early January and sampled it on January 9th. The notes for that date read: Brown like coffee, not opaque. Fair head, quickly gone. No beading visible. Malty smelling, thin mouth feel. Definitely comes across as a porter but the actual taste is weak – faintly roasted but not much else. I can quickly name 5 or six that are better. (Deschutes, Alaskan, Flying Dog, Stone…that’s four right off the top of my noggin.)
On the plus side, I'm happy to say I won the YouTube NextUp compo. Which is great because I now get to update all my kit and finally get a load of HD going on.
Ashe’ Amen
Black ink (I used Memories ink from Steward Superior)
"approximates the energy needed to increase the temperature of 1 gram of water by 1 degree Celsius." Basically, calories are a measurement and not something your body uses for fuel. What your body does use is what it finds in the foods and liquids it digests. If you put crap in your body, you're not going to be better off just because of a
09 - Big Apple 03:07
I am afraid the Sky Scarf has been abandoned. I think I said some time ago that one would know when it happened, one day neglected, then the next. In the same message, and knowing that I was sagging but not that I had given up, Kristie suggests resuming in the winter. I have marked the months with st st stripes, so such a resumption would be possible. Winter skies are vastly more interesting, beyond doubt. And I am glad to put four months' scarf away with some hope that something will come of it.
Eventually (to my joy) you chose life. Although you still have many hard questions to deal with, I can say with confidence that you have fought the hardest battle of all and can now look forward to start building your future.
I do want to share my worst experience of Conference that has been on my mind almost daily since. Justin and Hyrum went up to Salt Lake for the Saturday Morning session (they did standby and didn't get it, but enjoyed going to the Tabernacle instead). We have watched conference on the internet for a couple years now since we got rid of our local TV and satellite. Sometimes we have a couple delays here and there, but overall, it works pretty well. Justin's iPad is louder than the laptop (go figure!), so we decided to use that instead.
“Let’s go for a walk”
In the real world rather than a lab, lies are often identified in context, when compared over a period of time to other behaviors or narratives. The judgment generally involves a number of factors taken together, not just a person’s response to some questions at the time a lie is told, or their pupil contractions or fidgeting.
“No, no,” she said. “Do you know the story of the Forest, boy?”
Slowly but surely I have been putting in a few miles here and a few more there. Finally, yesterday, I ran a full 5k. I am not going to say that it was pretty. And there is still room for improvement. But I know that I will be able to accomplish my goal in a month. And do you know what? I actually have been enjoying my time at the gym. It is a really good release for me. And the endorphin rush can really boost my spirits. So, you know that runners high? I kind of get it.
DILLE JH. Worksite influenza immunization. Successful program. AAOHN J 1999; 47: 292-300.
- View nearby places around your location.
I am writing to remind you that the trading team will be at the Trading Hut this Saturday and Sunday 10.30 to 12 noon for the second weekend of plant sales.
Phyllis is terrified that someone will notice her, so we meet way out in the burbs for lunch. She always has to pick the place. Why? "Phyllis has control issues," she'll tell you.
WE are, not YOU, the ninety-nine percent;
One of the accepted truisms of scientific study is the fact that if scientists are proposing an idea, then those scientists with access to the bottomless pit of black-budget secret government funding are already doing it.
Voodoo
Unity government, but not mergers
Caveat: don't rely on this scheme at Christmastime. Even non-Christians come out in force to shop and eat for that one.
The song is actually called no resolution, not new resolution, everywhere else has it listed as that title, we should at least get it right people :/ here is a picture of the actual setlist
I’ve always been aware of how important limiting time between sets is, but somehow setting an actual timer really transformed the workout – not only physically, but psychologically too. The whole session felt much more focused and high energy, with a lovely, steady sense of momentum from start to finish.
And it’s not just fighting. It’s the tense voice on the phone, the sniffling mommy who can’t hide her selfish sadness, or the frustrated daddy who can’t mask his upset over deadlines. Everything is being observed, recorded, stuffed in the baby heart that learns to beat a little more fearfully. And I think of my own childhood when I ran from parent to parent, begging them to be nice, to be okay, to be quiet… when I metaphorically tried to spool an invisible thread between my mom and dad that would bring them closer together and stop being so mad at each other and how they’d get all tangled up in the thread and in the end their anger would turn toward me and how that was better.
The president is still learning on the job. He makes mistakes (sometimes horrendous ones), but I honestly believe that he is as good as it's going to get in this political atmosphere. There is nothing I would like more than a real progressive president, who makes bold moves and helps the people who need help the most. However, we vote for President and not for king. Was health care, financial reform, etc. a lot less than we could have hoped for? Of course, but would it have even been on the agenda for a Republican president? I don't think so. And spare me the, "what we need is a real progressive in the office" language. First of all, a "real progressive" couldn't win the office of President. Anyone with a record of pushing a true left leaning agenda would be destroyed by the right wing press before they even got a chance at the White House. We live in a country where millions of people can be convinced to vote against their own self interest by lies and slogans. And if by some miracle they were elected, they would face a Congress who care more about being re-elected and sucking up to the money men and women who line their pockets than helping those among us who need help the most.
Also, we are really pleased to finally announce the winners of our fab candy from the Blog Hop. Thank you to everyone who entered our Hop. Please contact your host - all their links are in our sidebar - directly with your postal details. And congratulations!
The music and accompanying culture of the 80s left alternative scenes at a confusing crosspoint. The self-depreciative ideals of ’77 punk started to intensify both musically and in their recreations while heavy metal turned to androgyny, misogyny and glamour; with their best efforts of remaining the epitome of masculinity; consequently becoming the preferred soundtrack to shopping malls and radio stations. The former displayed their own affiliations with unconscious homoeroticism and the latter became so accessible that the parents of the generation’s youth identified with the cock-rock show bands (denizcola7, 2011). This exertion of testosterone-fuelled aggression emasculated and alienated a generation into a standpoint; what’s the alternative?
We were away on our (late) summer holidays for the week in Fuerteventura. We stayed in Costa Caleta at the Broncemar Beach complex and had a fantastic time. Our flight times were pretty rubbish so we didn't arrive until after 9pm on the Saturday night but waking up to glorious sunshine on Sunday morning made it all better.
“So you think it's fuckin clever coming into my room, stealing money and pouring my drink away, eh!" mum shrieked, looking at me with hatred. “Well, we can all play that fuckin game!” And with that she pulled the belt tight around her dressing gown and began climbing out the window. At first we started screaming and then Caroline clung onto her legs so as she couldn't get out. Mum gave a frenzied couple of back kicks and was suddenly free, out on the ledge and raising to a stand, 100ft over central London. Then she started to walk.
題して「ザ☆SUSHI」（笑）。アメリカのメーカーのSideshow Stampsですが和風なスタンプが時々出てくるんです♪それがとっても嬉しいです。
However, the more I step back from that time in my life, and the more I am willing to look critically at things I have held dear, the more obvious it is to me that my experience of sex positivity and the sex industry are not anywhere near universal, they are just the most visible to me, because I fit the mold as described above.
This week being the start of the new month means it's ami swap time!! So Steph was waaaaaay more organised than I was this time around and my parcel arrived last week to avoid the Bank Holiday whereas I was still crocheting away at the weekend, lol! Still I got it posted on Tuesday and now it's at Steph's place I can reveal them both.
The Athens News story states:
The concrete clearly hadn't always been just a ledge; the edge was crumbling, as if torn free when the Abyss opened. Just looking at the drop beyond made Rel queasy. The sheer, brutal space of the place crushed him back against the back of the ledge. Nothing in his Clearviewings had prepared him for this - how could it, when two eyes were simply inadequate to capturing the sight?
Based out of Chicago King Drummer Boy has already made a lot of noise on the local music scene with his hit single and video, “Rock n’ Roll Fly”. He has performed with RnB legend, R. Kelly and he is preparing to release his unique music video that will showcase his talents. His new single, “Let You Know” is going to be released very soon, please take a moment to listen to it at http://www.drummerboyonline.com/ and be blown away!
‘‘(A) for using cybersecurity systems or sharing information in accordance with this section; or
this week i beckoned the fridge fix-it man so i could pay him $126. 43 to tell me that the freezer door was left slightly ajar over night.
Ok, so I didn’t follow the pattern completely. I just got rid of the whole contrasting color. Unfortunately, I didn’t read the pattern well enough and accidently forgot to convert the k1 rib to a “alternate k and p every other row” like the pattern calls for. Still, I think the rib makes them a little more elastic on my leg, which is probably a good thing. I also made them anklets instead of tall socks, as I am want to do. I do wish I had made them just a bit taller, though. Oh well, I guess that means I can probably get another pair out of this fantastic yarn!
there is a donation tab in the right side bar...
Well, honestly...
The most recent controversy stems from the new CoD Black Ops commercial currently airing on TV every 10 minutes. If you haven't seen it, it features live actors in a live war scene from all walks of life. You've got the chubby librarian firing an M-16 like it's cool, the savvy businesswoman taking out the enemy like she's taking out the garbage, a celebrity basketball player throwing grenades, and the talk show host ducking for cover, while the short order cook takes out the bad guy with a couple of glocks. Personally, I think it is an amazing commercial and, regardless of the fact that war games are not my cup of tea, it makes even me excited to play a game like Black Ops. But I don't as per the reasons listed above. The controversy lies within the fact that rather than show visuals of the game, there are real people in a real scene showing "real" violence.
In celebration of finishing the first year of OBC selections, I have been using the fabulous bookmark made for me by Scathing Weekly fan and wonderful friend, Neko-chan. The bookmark reads "A gift especially for Scather" and has the following quote taken from Scathing Weekly, by AFGNCAAP: "You should write... for 'Scathing Weekly' - A Review of Books that are in fact (contrary to popular belief) Shitbox". I love it. (You can make your own here using Scathing Weekly's How To guide)
This is largely a myth: "...wearing a bra... has no medical necessity whatsoever", says Susan M. Love, M.D in her "Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book". This is similar to the myth that women supposedly need corsets to support their stomach muscles.
The top two teams of the region automatically go to the Summer Olymics. Though there’d be some bragging rights to winning CONCACAF’s Olympic qualifying tournament, the real goal was getting out of semis. And, Mexico did just that in a 3-1 victory over Canada. Tomorrow is the final.
And like I always say, when you find that, you’ll know what to do next.
Bersih, an independent movement whose goals are backed by the opposition, has a history of staging influential rallies as Malaysians have demanded more freedoms and democratic rights in the former British colony that has an authoritarian streak.
Reilly made it there in ten. Jacobs rushed to open the car door, jumping down his throat before his foot touched the ground.
Annuities offer earnings that are tax-deferred. Another advantage when compared to other investment vehicles is that annuities do not have contribution or income limits. Additionally, investment swaps, within the annuity’s contract, can be made without incurring tax penalties. The insurance component of an annuity offers a premium to investors if they outlive their life expectancy.
but, ultimately..
Even by the Jewish Chronicle’s abysmal standards, standards which have immeasurably declined since ex-Express editor, Stephen Pollard, took over, Bright’s article is a disgraceful set of trite and superficial observations.
I've been dealing with some Mommy guilt too, that I need to get out. It's the guilt that I'm not preserving our memories/life as best as I can. I'm not taking enough pictures. Or I'm not printing pictures often enough. Or I'm not being as organized as I want to be. Not getting photo books printed as often as I would want. You get the drift. I even have a "memory keeping" board on Pinterest. I'm a memory-hoarder. For sure.
(Lotus Pose) and felt tempted to force your legs into the position to join your serene-looking classmates for meditation? If you are thinking of traveling down this road, please reconsider. You may have discovered that rather than leading you to the blissful land of the Lotus, pushing yourself in this way dead-ends with a sickening "pop" in the knee, followed by years of pain and limited mobility.
I love the pungent and sharp flavor of fermented black bean sauce. Because of its aggressive and viscous properties, it tastes amazing doused over another component with a neutral flavor and texture—like steamed tofu. If you don't have a steamer, you can fill a large saucepan with a few inches of water and place a slightly curved bowl of tofu right into it. Simply cover and steam to create the perfect vehicle for a rich and spicy black bean sauce. This dish is healthy, delicious and incredibly easy to make.
With Nvidia‘s 12 core graphic processing unit, gaming seems even more exciting. You can even play games like showgun without any hassle.
Black eyes, bruises, split lips
Now the fun begins. Using acrylic paint, Inktense watercolour pencils, markers (I like Copic markers), white gel pens, black gesso, etc. I began to play. Again this takes patience because you have to wait for pages to dry before you go on to the next spread or before you can begin to journal on the fun backgrounds that you've created.
“Last July, illegal alien deaths were so high that the Pima County Medical Examiner’s Office had to use a refrigerated truck to store some of the bodies” – p. 47 (VA’s “Pick 3,” 11/1)
Last night I walked into work to find the fourth... yes, I said fourth... instance of his addressing a putative issue in a public note for all employees to read instead of with me. Never saying anything actually about anyone, or using names, this coward avoids confrontation and (he thinks) maintains plausible deniability by fuming and bitching to other employees until he just can't take it any more, at which point he posts a snarky little note in an attempt to cow the "problem" employee into proper submissive behavior.
There are some projects on the needles, but I got distracted by an idea I saw on a holiday wreath and just couldn't get it out of my head. So I decided to try it.
Five minutes later we were clutching our new treasures to our chests, safely tucked away in little boxes lined with tissue paper.
Silence was a major theme in the work of Redon.
Everyday has a different feeling, different mood ~ some days blend, one into the other and are only animated by the people in my life. Their lives colouring my world, when mine is bleak.
The Good News upside to all this, though, is that there are no Council Taxes/rates.
No word on whether or not the sex shop wants their kidnapped love doll back.
There is an upstairs to this passage and a café there so we thought we would stop and have a beer now the sun was shining. They also had a tango show and Viv insisted I gave them $10 for a very short show.
4) I hate begging them to eat. I know, I know, I’m supposed to put the food out and let them eat it if they want. But I just can’t do that. I mean, I can, but it’s almost as hard as begging them to eat. They’re so skinny anyway, you see, and now that they talk well, they’re always telling me, “I’m hungry, I’m hungry.” I don’t know what that could mean other than…I’m hungry, but apparently it means something else. Anyway, I hate the games we play, the stories we have to tell, the pleading to get them to take one more bite or just stay in their seats until their father and I are done eating. Enough. Just eat, okay?
Rest is necessary to be rejuvenated and renewed. It is important to rest. The Bible says that God worked for six days to create the world and everything in it and on the seventh day, He rested. Unfortunately, in today’s world everyone wants to be healthy, everyone wants to be wealthy and everyone wants to be wise, which has made the world system a hamster wheel and you and me caught in its perpetual cycles. We are often foolish in our pursuits. We pursue health, wealth and wisdom and seldom take time to rest.
I went back to this to see how Wharton managed to write a novel about a doomed passion and thwarted sexual attraction without ever betraying the decorum in which the characters lived. And having read The Age of Innocence this time around with great care, I’m still not sure I know how she pulled it off. Nothing happens onstage; the most overtly erotic gesture come when Newland Archer kisses Ellen Olenska’s wrist. No voices are ever raised. Yet when, at the end of the novel, Wharton discusses the behavior of the Old New York community in tribal terms, it doesn’t seem overheated. “It was the old New York way of taking life ‘without effusion of blood’”:… Archer felt like a prisoner in the center of an armed camp.” This, mind you, occurs at a formal dinner party.
Where is the design going? On a hardcover, paperback, ebook, bookmark, website? This is very important because an image displays very differently when you change the size. A hardcover book can have way more detailing than an tiny little ebook thumbnail. In my experience it is best to always try to achieve a design that could be easily and effectively translated to other print or digital forms. Meaning keep it simple and high contrast.
Its a super simple cake to put together and you can make a magnificent 2-layer (9 inch) cake with the said amount. If I'd tried to do the baking and filling and frosting all on the same day, I probably would have gone mad, which is why I decided to bake the cakes a day earlier and fill and frost the next day. It all worked out perfect and I was super proud of my organising skills :). I was a bit apprehensive as to how it would be when sliced into and held my breath when Ro cut into it, but everyone liked it and I didn't mind a piece myself. Ro, however, doused it with some whiskey and said it tasted even better. I don't like whiskey too much, but a bit of brandy would have probably been good. Just warning you, its not one of those super sweet cakes :)
On Christmas night all Christians sing
6) DID I MENTION TO HAVE A SPOOKY FUN TIME?
Shame on me for propping her up there!
McClain eventually found out and persuaded his wife to let him meet his romantic rival — a musician who had moved to California to audition for American Idol.
Products that you bought from online discount deals may be delivered to you, if delivering services are offered by the retailers. There are numbers of sites what accredits shopping centers that is within your locality area. You have to check out shopping center that is within your locality and they provide online deals to their customer. Then you are able to find the best online discount deals very easily.
After decades of rejected appeals on various grounds, Wilson would finally score a winner, arguing that an affidavit filed by the CIA in the C-4 explosives export trial claiming almost no professional contact between Wilson and the agency after 1971 was false. Judge Lynn Hughes agreed, and vacated the conviction. The Justice Department did not go for a re-trial. At the time of his conviction, Wilson was a well-known figure of notoriety, a cover subject for the New York Times Magazine (Part one of the story by Seymour Hersh and Part Two). When he left prison in 2004, he was an obscurity. He goes unmentioned in Tim Weiner’s Legacy of Ashes. An ABC News segment was one of the few pieces of coverage on his release, portraying Wilson as a legal martyr. It did not raise Wilson’s attempt to have prosecution and associates killed during an interview.
During PEV in 2008, I was safely ensconced in my house. I never saw or heard a riot. My neighbourhood was peaceful. All the terrors I “witnessed” were on TV. Yes, I prayed for my country, but I prayed in my home while others prayed in churches that were going to be burned down not twenty minutes later. This being an election year, we’re all hoping and praying that it won’t happen again. Arguably, the long-brewing tensions between tribes was its cause, the presidential outcome was its trigger. But think about it: if every Kenyan had a home, or a business, or a farm, they would have something to lose by blowing up in each other’s faces. Because when you have something to protect, protect it you will. This is why, while becoming successful is important for all of us, it is essential to aid the success of those who cannot without you.
Sometimes on these trips I have to mentally pinch myself.
When I look at the giraffe now, I feel a little sad that I treated such a genuinely good guy so poorly. But then I've done way bitchier things since high school, so I don't fret too much about it.
Their face and their smile comes to your mind,
441120 Used car dealers
The most exciting thing that happened in the whole viewing process was after we stopped for a loo break, came back and the VHS got all speeded up and wouldn't play. I had to take it out and blow on it and give it the old lucky tap. (Ah, how I love earth technology.)
This copy of the Declaration of Independence is a companion to our Constitution application, also free.
Extreme: Evilangelist
SharePoint Log Viewer, even though it starts up slow, once get started, its great. It monitors all logs on all servers within the farm, providing an almost real time look into what’s going on. SharePoint Log Viewer is a very power tool for troubleshooting issues on server and farm.
Those bottles (pictured below) have been sold out for some time now.
Iris Dupont, a budding high school journalist, carries on conversations with the ghost of Edward R. Murrow. As she explains, “…Yes, I knew he’d been dead for forty-seven years, but why should a person limit her interlocutors to the living?” Odd? Yes. Then again, Iris is not your typical young woman. Quiet, introspective, and highly intelligent, Iris is just one of the quirky characters who drive Jennifer Miller’s The Year of the Gadfly.
Yesterday’s local media covers the story here:
Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled,
As you’ve probably gathered from the preceding, monitoring and measuring your social media effort can be a lot of work. You may be tempted to give these activities short shrift, and concentrate on getting your message out via social media.
-Brock out first, UFC style gear.
One of the truest tests of leadership is what happens when a leader finds their values at odd with the company they’re keeping. In his early thirties Keith Krach was already successful. He had just left a career at General Motors, where he had been the youngest vice president that they had ever had, to take up the position of COO at a start-up by the name of Qronos Technology. As Keith puts it in the book True North: discover your authentic leadership by William George, Bill George and Peter Sims, it didn’t take him long to realize that there were problems with the company.
If you would like to satrt your own Herman heres how…
When I was born, the horrified cry of my mother greeted me before I could even taste human air. My father was yelling at the nurses.
Also, right here in the Tampa Bay area….a group of Girls from Girls inc. decided that a sexist billboard in their area was wrong – and they petitioned and protests…and got the $4000 marquis and billboard taken down.
Poured frozen poison in my soul…
Earlier today I authored a blog entitled: “General Conference is in a Swirl About Restructure.” We all have concerns as to what the United Methodist Church will look like in the future. I maintain that God is shaking the foundation of The United Methodist Church. The continued decline of membership in the United States should concern us all.
Get ready to start planning your next year holidays with us!
This lovable city was voted China’s most liveable one in 2009, and I can certainly see why – part of me does envy our ELA friends down there. Qingdao has definitely won over this wàiguórén with its charms.
Sam, who hates getting his diaper changed and who loves going up the stairs was combining the two in this picture. After escaping naked, he looked back at me before starting up the stairs.
(We were also calling for bubble toss sweeps on 3-and-6 which is so old it’s almost recursively old, like we went back to all the plays ever called by every despised coach in the history of the game and condensed it: the trips left bubble screen when you need twelve yards, the run play on third and long, the designed 4 yard hitch on 3rd-and-6. It was an act of modernist despair and post-modern ennui, and I don’t know what any of that means because I was reading elaborate porn essays by David Foster Wallace in my English classes instead of shit about modernity and post-. It was certainly a new kind of futility and in certain respects it had a satisfying circuitousness to it, sort of like that song from the Lion King except by the end everybody but the hyenas are dead of dysentery.)
I enjoy a cup of ice tea water while I write.
For example, did you know that you are much more likely to buy from someone who has the same sounding letter in their first or last name as you do? This according to The Journal of Consumer Research. You’re also more likely to marry someone with the same initial.
Here, we include these little tomatoes in another of our garden quesadilla recipes.* Toss with basil, cilantro and chives to make a quick filling. Add an aged gouda that has lots of flavor, and these quesadillas come together in just a few minutes. The results are delicious, especially with cherry tomatoes freshly picked from the garden.
It’s also nice served with some red berries and a little single cream.
YAIC International Music Conference Happening the Same Weekend in Reykjavik You Are In Control! (YAIC) will be the first music conference of its kind to discover and discuss new business models in the fast changing music industry. It aims to achieve more than the average forum, by turning talk into action. It is the most forward thinking International music conference of its kind; and it also coincides with the 10th Anniversary of the world renowned Iceland Airwaves Festival. The combination of discussion and debate during the day, and live music in the evening provides one of the most compelling dates in the music industry diary.
Joyce is setting Gabriel up to be humbled, to step outside of himself. Even from the start Gabriel's central position in the story is always being threatened. Other guests come and go, and he's buffeted by them, pushed off the page by their colorful personalities. He makes some egotistical blunders that bely his image as an attentive sophisticated man, and he wavers with self-doubt. At one point he's dancing with another guest, Miss Ivors, who comments on his lack of connection with Ireland. When he loses his composure and tells her that he's sick of his own country, she asks him "Why?" and he can't answer. By the end there's something of an answer; Gabriel's distaste stems in part from his discomfort with himself and his unwillingness to confront what's lacking in his life and experiences. He's too softly civilized to accommodate his own country and its people, its passions and history.
Enjoy whatever you have planned for today.
Strangers speaking at the door:
because you were blissfully unaware
Space Mountain, which I've always thought of as one of the most gorgeous looking rollercoasters ever, is a Victorian canon that sends you rocketing into space for feck's sake. It's a steampunk rollercoaster! No wonder I've always loved it.
“Councillors were told that without proof there could be no investigation. This has been an ongoing scandal, and hopefully now with the assistance of the public, something will finally be done to put an end to this matter,” he said.
6:00 PM. It started to snow. The first snow of the season and the wife and I took our cocktails and sat for hours by the window watching the huge soft flakes drift down from heaven. It looked like a Grandma Moses Print. So romantic we felt like newlyweds again. I love snow!
Elizabeth Shown Mills' FAN Club strategy of researching friends, associates and neighbors has been enormously helpful in exploring the Tennessee and Tidewater branches of my family. I have also used it when examining immigration records and newspaper articles for my Carpatho-Rusyn family.
***Glaze***
i said my tables over and over, backward and forward too...
I love, love, love this maneuver and do it on the daily during the summer, when the heat outdoors sends all of my fluids to my legs and feet. This is a restorative yoga posture called Vitaripa Kirani, or legs-up-the-wall pose.
"Someone in the house was able to press a panic button," said Opperman.
Lawrence Francis Boisseau, 36, Freehold, N.J.
Clipper City Brewing Co. Heavy Seas - Loose Cannon (Hop3 Ale)
In the letter, Hultin and Matthews acknowledged that Poly had no operating deficit and didn’t project a deficit for the next two years. The school’s endowment was $135 million, its mortgage debt $118 million. Private gifts and bequests averaged $7.5 million over the past four years. Asked about an audit of total assets, the leaders noted that the information had been discussed with the board.
"Sixteen candles make a lovely light." - "Sixteen Candles" by The Platters
Hello friends! Thanks for those who left me messages and send me emails. Finally I'm back to blog. We were so busy welcoming our little girl to our family. I was away for good reasons, don't worry. I'm fine. :)
The disc opens, boldly, with a nearly silent piece by Malfatti's colleague Jürg Frey, which consists entirely of a handful of low tones, played in unison by the two musicians, scattered amidst a vast field of nothingness. Opening the album with this piece is a way of acknowledging up front the spartan, airless world of the Wandelweiser group of composers with which Malfatti is associated, and the remainder of the album is in a sense a series of movements away from this territory. On the subsequent pieces — a Rowe-chosen Cornelius Cardew composition, plus a recent Malfatti composition and a graphic score made by Rowe — the music still tends towards the minimal, but abandons that near-silent austerity. Static and radio hum from Rowe form an electronic bed for long rumbling tones and breathy exhalations from Malfatti, and occasionally the serenity is interrupted by piercing, squealing feedback or gritty, granular bursts of electric noise. The music remains low-key and gestural in spite of these outbursts. By choosing his abstract graphic score "Pollock '82" as the final composed piece of the session, Rowe sets the stage for the improvisation to follow. The improvised third disc doesn't depart very far from the sonic territory that precedes it, because part of this album's ideology is to blur the boundaries between improvisation and composition; it's all just music to these two players. And there's no question that the relaxed, seamless interplay of this improvisation is informed by the composed pieces — whether loosely notated or entirely abstract — from earlier in the session. [buy]
Oh. You look more like a 'Patty' to me. Well then why is it called The Little Book of Anxiety? It looks fairly well sized.
The Melancholy Of Haruhi Suzumiya (2006, 2009) is an absolutely fantastic anime series which began as a light novel and then a manga series by Nagaru Tanigawa. It is one of the best series to come from Japan. Really. Check it out!
I still don’t think they see things as super-serious, but they sure as hell don’t like what they do see and are getting uncomfortable. Apparently they can feel the water starting to get hot afterall. And it appears they seem to be losing some faith in the ability of the government to make it all better.
Tag can lift his head up and Wells couldn't be more excited about it.
1. Warsaw
What exactly is a solar storm?
That answers my question I had about what the hell he was doing in South Bend. Besides being the former offensive coordinator at Notre Dame during the Charlie Weis error, I mean era, you would think he would want nothing to do with that town. I know I've probably pissed off a lot of Domer fans and alumni, but from what I've heard, there's just not much to do there.
Years ago, I had come across a television movie, at my local video store, about a 19th African-American who found himself kidnapped into slavery. Being a history nut about 19th century America, I decided to check it out. The movie turned out to be 1984′s “HALF SLAVE, HALF FREE: SOLOMON NORTHUP’S ODYSSEY”.
“I am entitled to my own opinion which might be different from yours. Singaporeans should stop always complaining about influx of workers. Singaporeans must know that we have a low birthrate. Singapore’s economy is not sustainable by a ageing population unless Singapore’s birthrate goes up! Since Singapore herself cannot ensure a healthy supply of workers, Singaporeans should stop complaining about influx of workers to keep our economy going!”
- If it is not a lens, what is it then?
I cannot quite remember what it was that I had done. It may have been not sleeping during the afternoon nap and keeping other children awake too. I may have sneaked out of the room (Not Allowed Under Any Circumstances during nap time). The teachers had never disciplined me or spoke to me harshly before; "That's it, upstairs now and stay until I send for you!"
Since Mr. Cooksey isn't made of money and is just an average blogger (like most of us), he has done just enough to comply with the North Carolina officials. Between you and me, I don't think there's much of a line between an opinionated blogger (I repeat myself) and a friend telling you they lost weight, feel great, and here's how they did it. Is the next step to monitor conversations and make people not talk unless it's approved by the board? What about the dozens of magazines on the newstand every month doing the same thing? What about Michelle Obama's nagging about "eating right"? What's the difference?
It seems blacks are not content with stealing the White man’s property, his cities & towns while pissing all over his heritage. Now they need to steal his achievements as well. George Orwell’s character Winston Smith worked in the Ministry of Truth, his job being that of erasing history and rewriting it according to party edicts. Original documents that were replaced, were shoved into the “memory hole” which was a tube that led to an incinerator. It seems the villainous Dr Barnard and the unpalatable truth around the world’s first heart transplant has just been discarded into the ‘memory hole’, in favour of a “truth” more in line with the Marxist ANC and its running dogs.
It’s my first time to go in a church which is not my religion (it’s for Born Again Christian). At first, I was so afraid because I’m not used to it and I don’t know what they’re doing during those times and besides, it’s my first time. I’m glad I trusted my friend to be with her there. She asked me to go in Victory, that’s the name of the church, because they will be celebrating a very special day since it was the first Friday of the month– LOVE MONTH. The topics that will be discussed is almost all about love and of course God, and that’s one of the reasons why I came. I don’t have any regrets in going there because I had so much fun! Honestly speaking! We sang Christian songs related to love and God with a lively voice. There were several performances and different Pastors shared some of their experiences and wonderful story.
S xx
Bless God, all you armies of angels,
Against the earth's sweet-flowing breasts
For your dazzling delight am all ears
Went to my rehab appointment. The doctor said that my piriformis issue felt like it was improving (he's right - it wasn't as bad as it was the week before). When I mentioned some knee pain, he felt around and said that my IT band needed some work (which hurt like CRA-ZY).
If you have green eyes, wear purple, plum, forest green, brown, and khaki. Funky colors include light green, gold, and bright purple.
20 Perfect Push Ups (At the top before you head back down)
Although I could possibly be convinced that whatever was creeping around could have been inside the walls, Moe was still pacing along the mattress which made me think that it could still be under the bed and was more than a mouse. A mouse, Moe would have been under the bed, anything bigger he wasn’t going to take any chances. Moe acts like a tough guy until he comes whisker to whisker with anything he can’t identify. Can’t say that I blame him. He’s been an indoor cat for most of his life after being picked up in a field as a stray. He’s a 2 yr. old neutered male who recently had a traumatic surgery for urinary blockages called perineal urethrostomy.
Step 3: Cut strips of paper to wrap around the candy bars. I used scrapbook paper, make sure it doesn't have a pattern on the back. This was a good way to use up some that I had in a stack and probably wouldn't have picked to actually use in my scrapbook. I cut mine 1.5" by 4".
What's the momentum-building solution? Well here's our suggestion. What if everyone showed up for work at CNN tomorrow to find that all of the people who have been making these decisions were no longer there? What if you could free all of CNN's hard-working news professionals from the terrible grip of your toxic decisions?
His smile had dropped to one finger status now. ‘You ordered an unhappy meal so you have to finish it. Company policy.’
Usually I use my fingers to apply foundation but with this I like the way it looks when I use a MAC 187. It buffs it on nicely and I think that kind of application suits the lightness of the foundation.
It was nothing really special, mind you, but perhaps we are seeing an inkling of a new market opportunity for Japanese craft brewers. If they can gain a tiny foothold into the world of izakaya chains, who knows where they might appear next?
Next, I gave the whole thing, except for the roll top, a coat of gray primer (forgot to take a picture!) and I used spray paint primer! It covered well and didn’t run.
I like to use hem tape to finish my hems. I find it hems with less bulk and just seams like the thing to do. After seeing these photos, I think I need to tweak the under pleat – it appears just a wee tad too long, doesn’t it? But perhaps it’s the way I laid it out. I’ll aim for photos with me wearing it soon – today is cold and rainy and I’ve merely changed out of jammies to sweats this morning.
Well friends it happened again! I bought these sandals from Nine West for spring/summer and a couple of weeks later I found coordinating sandals for my girls from Target.
I had been fervently praying that IF it was in God's Will, I would be able to announce a pregnancy at Christmas-time. December 14th I definitely learned that was not going to happen. If I said I wasn't crushed I would be epically lying through my teeth. If I said I didn't want to have a huge crisis of faith, I would be epically lying through my teeth. And if I said I didn't actually have a minor crisis of faith, I would be EPICally lying through my teeth.
Summary: Interpublic Group is selling approximately half of its holdings in Facebook at a valuation of $65.50 billion.
Don’t suppose there’s much in the way of clockwatching from any of my team-mates. (From my crossword fiend days on the London Underground, ‘team’ and ‘mate’ are anagrams of one another, but there again so are ‘tame’ and ‘meat’). Too busy adorning their eager-beaver time sheets. Constructing their baroque dams to prevent the walls of commerce from falling in. If any of them are chancing to peek at the internet, it’s probably to scout for bargain holidays in order to use up their allowance. Only as a point of principle mind. An entitlement is an entitlement after all. Something you perceive you’re owed. Certainly it’s not because travel broadens their minds. Ergo cheap, quickly tarnished letter openers. They’ll likely spend their whole time abroad, scavenging for gobbets of gossip on our more significant movers and shakers, bolted down on their plinths beneath us in the galleries. Reading the English papers from abroad to sustain them. Clodhopping carbon footprints just to stand culturally still in place.
In the 1970's this place was 25 acres, now has spread to over 60. But in more than doubling the size of the zoo, there's obviously been a few causalities over the years, and one of them stares you in the face, the moment you set foot outside the 'Orangutan Forest' enclosure. There, right in front of you are the ruins of an 800 year old church - All Saints. I certainly don't remember that being there in the 1970's!
If you are a mature practitioner with a clear sense of your path and tradition, there is little to fear and much to gain through encounters with other traditions. These will likely serve to only clarify and deepen your faith and insight. Keep an open heart, an open mind, and seek for a path that works for you.
(Or so he tells himself.)
one bread addict to the next. This recipe is for you!! A whole lotta bread and a few
This first picture is taken from the closet door looking back to where the actual construction was done. If you look at the floor near the edge of the door, those cut out areas of the carpet is where the office closet used to be.
I hope you join my blog’s first ever giveaway. Thank you again to all of you!
Each week I link up at the Pleated Poppy for What I Wore Wednesday. Mainly because I gain such inspiration from these ladies and their outfits. My clothes are mainly thrift store purchases from Goodwill and Salvation Army. I love my skirts and usually wear them more than dress pants/slacks; this week however it's mostly slacks with one skirt style. Plus touches of color and one off the chain bright day.
I have absolutely no evidence that's what the Muslim Contact Unit is. I just find it very peculiar that, of all the available officers, they chose two of the country's most experienced undercover infiltrators to set up and run it.
A Good Start To Bike Month
Purchasing The Audio Technica AT4047 Microphone? Read This First!
let remain until quite firm
Best story of the weekend: The staff had spent hours the night before the kids got to ride horses decorating cupcakes to look like horses. They were fantastic. They used circus peanuts for the heads, wafers for the necks, and lots of frosting. They even had a professional cake decorator come in and help. I didn't have my camera or I would share a photo. The last day, the staff was asking the kids what they had learned about horses. Each child had a chance to state his name and share. This is an example of the common responses:
No sorrow no heartache just clone harmony
No, not like that. With writing, doofus. The story of my nemesis and I came to a rather less satisfactory ending, one that I wouldn't share with a public blog (hence the withholding of her name).
Tash's mother, Alexandra, divorced her rather stuff father eight years ago and has gone onto marry the far more exotic Pascal d'Eblouir, and take up residence in a very beautiful part of the Loire Valley. Feeling as though she is losing touch with the various members of her extended family, and wanting to welcome back her long-lost miscreant of a brother, Alexandra invites numerous Frenches and assorted hangers-on to a long, lazy summer holiday in Pascal's chateau. Tash is all set to refuse, but when her relationship with boyfriend Max reaches a cold spell of arctic proportions and the possibility of old crush Hugo Beauchamp being present, she heads to France. Over the course of the summer, there is bed-hopping, swearing (in French, natch), parties galore - and, in the midst of the French bedlam, at least two people fall in love...
"There were 3 ladles of each color awarded last night by me and Mayra Valdes (the Culinary Arts Teacher)- Gold, Silver, & Bronze.
Sometimes, I blog more for others reading than I do for myself because it matters to them. When I feel like I'm just babbling, someone may be relating to what I'm saying and thanking God that they are not in this alone. I blog for the same reasons I read other peoples blogs. It helps me. Maybe not every blog I can relate to... but the journey an struggles and success in general I can relate to. If I can reach one person reading my blog and let them see the "real side" of weight loss (AKA - it's not easy, it's not fun, it SUCKS!) and let them see that they're not in this alone, THAT is the reason I blog.
I’ll hold your hand
So what if there were 61 candles on my last birthday cake? When I look in the mirror, I don’t see 61. But, then, I don’t know what 61 is supposed to look like. Heck, I don’t know what old is supposed to look like. Is old supposed to look like Keith Richards?
"I planned on doing it tomorrow..."
Mr. Weasel and I left the NICU during the evening shift change to have a dinner at home with our other children for the first time in a week. A week that had been filled with fear, anxiety and many more questions than answers. Yet, we had emerged from that week victorious; I had 5 healthy children, a loving husband and father and a happy home that we would soon bring our newest addition, Claire, into for the first time.
Back when I was young, immature, and naive, I told myself the day I stopped running and racing was the day I died. Life has changed tremendously since then, but one thing that hasn't is the drive to keep running, and train for the next race. Like a lot of runners, running has been my rock. There simply must be some challenge to overcome or a goal to meet to keep me driven, and without this, I become very directionless. The lessons of discipline, persistence, and dealing with success and failure learned from running have guided me well in real life, where success and failure in things like family, career, personal fiances, and social relationships have consequences far more significant than whether or not you take home some cheap, plastic trophy. Running's gotten me through some hard times, when I could briefly escape life's turmoil and burn off frustrations just to get through the day. I simply wouldn't know how to give it up even if I wanted to. Thanks to the SCORE Clinic, I no longer have to make that difficult choice.
In a frivolous front page puff piece entitled "In His Helicopter, Bloomberg Can Rule Skies, And Even Get To Albany," published below the fold in today's edition of Amerika's newspaper of record, verminous reality reversers of 42nd Street prattle on superficially about Michael Bloomberg, pilot.
But if they’re saying, “Yeah, it was good,” in the same voice people use when they tell the parents of an ugly baby how cute he is (you know what I’m talking about – where they won’t make eye contact when they say it?), then don’t waste people’s time. Continue working on the craft and start something new. Cause if there’s one thing I’ve learned about contacts/friends/family, it’s that they form an opinion about you the first time they see your work and they NEVER change that opinion.
“They told him
Over the past few years, ‘Alexander Trofimov’ and ‘Stepanov Ilya’ have moved from their native home experiments in Yekaterinburg to performances in clubs in Russia.
I wish I took this picture a milli-second later, that little pinch from my little girl POPPED the egg. You need to handle it very carefully!
Before we get to it, I am so excited to welcome our
NTP-CERHR Expert Panel report on the reproductive and developmental toxicity of ethylene glycol. Reprod Toxicol 2004; 18: 457-532.
Since it was Spring Break, I even got talked into taking some teens to the midnight premiere....
I am not a portrait photographer by any means. I’ve just learned over the years that I am my best model because I do what I tell me to do. I have also learned over the years that I look best smiling. Serious expressions make me look quite frightening, like I’m dead or something.
Poverty applies both to the outward form and to the aesthetics of hokku content. It means a sense of spareness and ordinariness rather than a sense of luxury and the exotic. Think of it like the simple — yet “plain” — beauty of Shaker furniture, or of the Walden of Thoreau, or of a Quaker meeting, It means a sense of appreciation of the few things one has instead of a sense of unappreciated abundance.
4. Transfer pork to a place and immediately drizzle each chop with 2 T of the sage-lemon vinaigrette. Let the chops rest for 5 minutes until serving. Serving the remaining vinaigrette on the side if desired.
I don’t know what I saw in you, oh wait yes I do. You were ‘Prince Charming’, until someone disagreed with you.
but gazed... with delight... like it was the first time
K-
Most of the flowers/produce/plants you buy have been raised for the "popularity of the Masses."
I believe I've been a customer to this facebook / online store for quite a long time now. The first time I can recount making an enquiry was back in June 2010 when I asked about the geo nudy contact lens they were selling ($15 AUD a pair). I've made a lot of online purchases from facebook stores before and I've had my fair share of good and bad experiences. Luckily enough, most of the bad experiences have resulted in the facebook business compensating me. As a regular online shop-a-holic, that's equates to a big gold star for customer service!!
Classic Spinach Dip
Other than showcasing a featured artist of the day on his blog Mike also makes amazing sculptural and functional work with reused, reclaimed and recycled materials. Often these pieces are ingeniously electrically engineered as lamps in a wonderful marriage of science and the fantastical.
So much more fun to say and write than thick, viscosity is a measure of the resistance of a fluid which is being deformed by either shear or tensile stress (from Wikipedia), but like any great word, it can be applied poetically to mean many more varied and interesting things.
I don’t know about you all, but I treat my close friends like my family – and neither one of those groups meet a guy unless I really want them to meet him. I’ll use my mom as an example of why: to this day, I will be talking to my mom about randomness and all of a sudden, she’ll start going down a list of people she knows from me and asking how they’re doing. Inevitably, this list will take a left turn from my friends and end up to a list of my exes. As if I want to rehash those experiences with my mother. Guess what? My friends aren’t all that different. And they love to give their opinion about people… so if I’m introducing someone to them, I’m damn confident that they’re going to like him. I think most people are like that.
What did you look like: For a long time I had this long, curly dark hair. Then it got cut into this heinous short, Dorothy Hammil looking ‘do, but because my hair was super curly back then it looked like a little white girl fro. I was a normal sized child, not like the kids you see today that could pass for 12 year olds. I also wore my fair share of bad 80′s clothes like sweater vests and light wash denim. Oh yeah, I rocked those. I even remember I had this jumper that was knit, like leggings, but it had suspenders. Oy.
When I got home, I googled, and found this amazing website called We Love Colors that carries an extensive range of plus size hosiery. They have plus size tights in 51 different colors! It's like Baskin-Robbins, but for your legs! They also have 51 shades of fishnet pantyhose, striped pantyhose (either black or white stripes) and some really funky patterns.
If you come from a poor family, sure enough, I am more than willing to contribute my part to help. But there are so many of you who come from well-to-do families and yet enjoy the heavily slashed tuition fees.
The Father is to be worshipped in spirit (the Holy Spirit) and truth (Jesus is the Truth, Jn. 14:6). The Holy Spirit inspires our worship, and Jesus Christ intercedes and mediates as our High Priest in our worship of the Father.
I am the self, the center of consciousness.
Nose: Luscious. A huge hit of apricots. Ginger, soft leather, Seville oranges, lemon barley, pine nut, pineapple, walnut, licorice, and a waxy element.
“I’m happy to hear this. I’ll believe it, though, only when it happens.”
I should be able to accomplish all this.
A servant came and chopped the tree into little pieces. These heaped together quite high. The wood blazed beautifully under the big copper kettle, and the fir tree moaned so deeply that each groan sounded like a muffled shot. That's why the children who were playing near-by ran to make a circle around the flames, staring into the fire and crying, "Pif! Paf!" But as each groans burst from it, the tree thought of a bright summer day in the woods, or a starlit winter night. It thought of Christmas Eve and thought of Humpty-Dumpty, which was the only story it ever heard and knew how to tell. And so the tree was burned completely away.
In Toledo, Napoleon wondered why anyone would make such a silly statue in honor of such a silly man. Pff.
Then I noticed the missing decals for the FX helmet. Yeah, really. Bad fortune now bestows upon us. WonderCon is in 4 days. It was going to be a grueling week, no doubt.
That way I could have crushed What The Canuck? by an even larger margin, 125-57.
Acts 15 is another landmark chapter in our reading this year. This chapter describes the resolution to a tremendous controversy in the early church: the inclusion of the Gentile believers. All the major players are here for this council-discussion: Peter, Paul, James, Barnabas. The question: should Gentile converts also be required to undergo circumcision?
state is so out there I'm doing more damage than anything else. So
Tell me a bit about that which fuels the creativity behind the feel of your sound.
Recipes citing pumpkins in beer date back to colonial days, when brewers sought to extend their supply of costly imported malt with locally grown ingredients, such as squash and pumpkin. Pumpkin meat itself has a very mild taste, so the beers tend to incorporate spices like allspice, nutmeg, clove, and cinnamon— to remind us of pumpkin pie.
When that first kiss ended he said: “One of those isn’t going to be enough” At that point a tiny tiny crack formed in the six inch veneer I’ve managed to cover my heart with over the last three years.
Meaning, Leave those things which you have doubt in, giving preference to that which you have no doubt in.
4. After I had passed through the See-You-Naked machine, the uniformed TSA agent informed me, “Sir, I’m going to have to pat you down on the left forearm and buttocks.” Which they proceeded to do. Now I can MAYBE understand the left forearm, where my watch resides, but the buttocks? There’s nothing there, since I had already removed my wallet and been completely x-rayed. And, sure enough, I got goosed by the agent. I didn’t like it at all, and felt like saying something to him. I restrained myself only because I knew I’d get into trouble if I mouthed off.
The amazing SITS girls are hosting a fun week of themes designed to help bloggers get back on the blogging swing that may have slacked over the summer. Also, they have some freaking wonderful sponsors and a washer and dryer to win from Standards of Excellence, Westar Kitchen and Bath, and Florida Builder Appliances!!!
Strangers in apogee
The imagery recalls an international conference on Saint John Chrysostom hosted by the SCSC in 2008. Chrysostom wrote eight homilies against the Jews. He accused the Jews of being evil ravagers, bandits, murderers and devil worshipers, and he declared eternal holy war on the Jewish people.
And the age of sin did not begin
This principle extends to the decision making used by the group.
Each of the chicks is a different shade, which is adorable. I love that they look like a rainbow variety pack.
When I applied, I thought I would immediately accept the offer if I got in, but that would have made everything so much easier, so you know that’s not what happened. Instead, I had to agonize over which decision to make. On the one hand, accepting the offer would allow me to teach. But on the other hand…well, it doesn’t matter, because if I truly wanted to be in the program, whatever was on that other hand wouldn’t bother me. All those objections wouldn’t be enough to keep me from doing what I really wanted to do. When I found I couldn’t ignore that other hand, I knew accepting the offer wasn’t for me.
I don't know about you but I sure was attracted to the product when I first saw it on the shelf. I mean, yeah, the packing is pink and it is cute and Korean brands are well-known to have adorable packagings. So, I went over and picked up this product.
The group has been countering protests by Stop Islamisation of Europe (SIOE) against the expansion of Harrow Central Mosque. The last protest, on September 11, descended into violence.
The Times were the very first on the scene with a smear job on me.
I sleep wrapped in this cord.
A few weeks ago, you may remember me posting about my frustrations with technology. I had written it after having a conversation with my sisters and mom about how sick we were of social media, and the affects it had on us. It was a short post because I couldn't put into words how I was feeling. I was feeling that I was in a permanent 'slump' and what I thought was possible Seasonal Affective Disorder was really my self-esteem going down hill.
AC: Are menus sent home so parents know what their kids are eating?
Like in Swansea and Newport we need to show that racists are not welcome in Cardiff and we need to mobilise the local community even more than at these 2 demos in Wales.
House in Epsom – Eldridge Smerin, London SW11
Many atheistic doctors and professors spend a good quantity of their lives trying to disprove Christianity. (On the flip side, many people spend a good quantity of their lives proving and analyzing the Bible.) Also, people of other religions might try to disprove the fact that God exists by asking for a physical manifestation. (Right now at least, public school teachers aren’t allowed to initiate a conversation about religion, only continue one if it ensues, so it shouldn’t be much of a problem) The problem with this approach is that God doesn’t work that way (At least in my opinion he doesn’t), because it would be too easy to get into Heaven if we saw God and then believed. (Not that God does’t want everyone to go to Heaven, there are many Bible verses that say he does, but he wants us to believe first.) Sometimes in these requests God does show himself, as was the case in Elijah’s time. Elijah was asked to prove that God existed. Several prophets of Baal called upon Baal to give fire and burn a sacrifice on an altar. Surprisingly (at least in the priests’ case, not surprising to Elijah), nothing happened. Elijah asked God to send down fire to burn up the offering. A fireball came down and consumed all of the meat on the altar. Shows you how powerful God is and that He will answer you when you call, but only if you believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that he will - If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mulberry tree, ‘Be uprooted and planted in the sea,’ and it will obey you. Luke 17:6 NIV.
November 1999; Casablanca, Morocco; with Amal, Morocco and Crinali, Italy
Perhaps, then, the problem is that I’ve been viewing all this new treatment and assistance as some kind of upgrade; some kind of sneakily acquired benefit for which I haven’t sufficiently paid. Because the more likely reality, I suppose, is that it’s not an upgrade at all, and simply a double-headed fact that a) my new diagnosis opens me up to a different kind of approach, and b) three years on, facilities and treatments have improved. (And if it is indeed the latter, it makes me even more chuffed to have signed up a team for the Marsden March next
Lightning illuminated the inky black sky, enveloping the city of Rome, as I carefully reclined next to Cicero to quiz him on how he had let evil run amok in his very household.
Shit happens, I clean up the crap, take stock of the situation and move on in a different way. That's all there is really. Do you have difficulty with disappointments or necessary changes of plans in life? Let me know, if you wish. Keep well...
Don’t forget to visit your credit card website to see if they have partnerships with retailers. They may have links that you can use to purchase goods online instead of the usual website, offering more points. For example, the Chase Freedom credit card offers 10x points if you make purchases at HomeDepot.com and 5x points if you make purchases at Macys.com. Use these to your advantage as well!
Firstly, the differentiation between ‘fashion’ and ‘style’ is not often recognised. Using the umbrella statement, “I hate fashion” is a little like basing all your assumptions regarding cinema on one trashy ‘romcom’. Fashion itself is the changing of trends every six months or so, with new collections being produced by designers twice-yearly. Style is using your clothing choices to express your personality. Sometimes the two coincide.
when she made it but didn't really think I will be the one to get the card since I was the one who suggested the theme and I am the one who has swing in the 'name'=) It would be too much of a coincidence but coincidences happen in life and I won:D Yay! So I now got that swing to hang in my room;)
As you are all aware, a winter storm warning was up for northeastern Ohio last night, as the threat of a large accumulation of snow worried local residents. Since trees have already begun blooming, plants are now growing, and spring is in full swing, the threat of heavy and wet snow could have proved damaging. The ingredients were all there. The jet stream had pushed south allowing for below average temperatures to filter into the area. A low pressure area was deepening and working up the eastern seaboard. One thing was missing on Monday in northeast Ohio and western Pennsylvania though – precipitation. What was the problem???
mimedia
The lunch menu includes a couple of dishes we'd love to go back and try, like the twice-cooked duck with black oaxacan mole sauce served with steamed tortillas ($15), porky chorizo with puffed white corn and cholo ($10) and the arroz con pollo Caribbean chicken rice ($10). But then again, the dinner menu comes with tempting dessert options like three milk cake and hijo de imigrante immigrant pavlova (each $15).
So, the bottom line is that I really enjoyed it. I loved the interaction with the class and the flow of questions, of which some I couldn’t answer there and then but I took notes and got the answers to everyone within 24 hours.
"Approach problems with a light touch. When your mind moves toward a problem area, you tend to focus on that situation so intensely that you lose sight of Me. You pit yourself against the difficulty as if you had to conquer it immediately. Your mind gears up for battle, and our body becomes tense and anxious."
