Author: Maria V. Snyder
And what a joy there is in that.
"Until the New Sun..."
There is the Big Voice being tested. The bell that rings from the towers that run down the streets break through the walls as if it is joining me in the living room or bed room. The ringing ends and a voice crackles from the speakers. To hear this I must stick my head out the door and strain my senses, otherwise it is only static. When the towers ring I dream of worlds thought up in science fiction stories where an unnamed person speaks to the masses to make them hear. I hear, but I can't understand what they are saying.
Plus, this was also a chance to try my new grain mill (Crankandstein 2S w/ homemade hopper) and bulk Golden Promise malt. I figured with this kinda of beer I don't care too much about my efficiency with a new mill because what's the difference between a 10% or 12% barleywine.
Sigh..... (I bet I can't afford a single thing in here)
I'm not saying that's what the Kings must do, but Evans operates best when he dominates the ball. Kings consultant Pete Carril says Evans needs to learn how to play without the ball.
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
I’m now on the hunt for a hanging crystal chandelier as well as a few other things, but the room is shaping up! I incorporated my favorite color, aqua, and ended up with a work area, a napping/reading area, a place for clothing and linens, and a meditation nook. Here’s a slideshow to give you a peek.
There are others that said they were going to be there with me and I added their names too, just in the spirit and in case they did join me but didn’t get a chance to tell me.
Harry Potter & the Chamber of Secrets–
originally untitled, mistakes were kept as is.
Let us explore this point a little further. During the Troubles, it was impossible to tell who was on which side simply by looking at them, which is to say that the parties to the conflict suffered from the mutual permeability problem. This problem, the mirror image of the mutual impermeability problem, sometimes had remarkable consequences. Loyalist hit squads targeting republican paramilitaries would take over houses in nationalist areas and tell the occupants that they were the IRA to gain their cooperation. Johnny ‘Mad Dog’ Adair of the UDA would go jogging in nationalist areas to gather intelligence until his personal notoriety reached such levels as to make this impossible. IRA members would take workmen off a bus and have to ask who the Catholics were and who the Protestants were before opening fire. INLA members could walk into a Protestant pub, plant a bomb, and walk out again. The Shankill Butchers would pick up victims in Catholic areas of Belfast only, as they had no other way of identifying them. A great deal of the violence during the Troubles, and the way it was carried out, only makes sense if one bears in mind the mutual permeability problem.
Cloth Stem Wire - Very important to have the "cloth" variety. You can find this in the floral section of your local craft store.
In his internationally bestselling and critically acclaimed novel The Passage, Justin Cronin constructed an unforgettable world transformed by a government experiment gone horribly wrong.
At this point I see the biggest benefit of the program, ironically, as the option to earn no money at all. A book in the program can be made available for free for up to five days every 90 days. I'm doing a blog tour January 23-27 and so made Seven free for the same time period. It's now been free for about 1.5 days, and it's currently ranked #6 on the free books list and has had over 25,000 downloads. Granted, I make no money from those downloads, but I'm certain I've reached new readers and some of those readers will buy my other books.
I’ve now decided to stop publishing the rest of the series of stories on the blog. I will continue writing them, and am considering other publication routes at the end of my writing. I feel, three days down the story, relatively comfortable with my approach and learning from it. I also am grateful that there have been a fair few people who have taken the time to comment and like my fictional posts (as well as the other blog posts I started putting up for the challenge). It feels good to come out of that closet – cosy that it was. A few people even like what I wrote, and got drawn into the story. That makes me feel slightly cosier sitting stark naked out of my closet.
Patti Page should be a Kennedy Center Honors recipient…joining such past winners as Perry Como (1987), Mary Martin (1989), Roy Acuff (1991), Lionel Hampton (1992), Morton Gould (1994), Benny Carter (1996), Loretta Lynn (2003), Julie Harris (2005), and George Jones (2008).
You will flatten mountains!
Three months later I found myself unemployed. Neither a surprise nor a disappointment, but certainly an inconvenience. And in the end, a great blessing. Because it forced me to look without filters at who I am, what I want, and where I'll find happiness.
The Flannel Friday community has grown continuously over the year, with new bloggers, new Round Up Hosts, and new members every week on Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter. We are building an amazing community and are grateful to each and every one of you for your participation and enthusiasm. As the group has grown, you’ve probably noticed that so have the Round Ups! We’ve seen an inevitable increase in missed links and general confusion as the Round Ups are compiled. We thought that the launch of the new site was a great opportunity to take a page from other round ups in the blogosphere and establish one single method for building the Round Up each week.
Carly is in love with her new doll. Her doll was totally designed by her, so it is extra special. We went to the website and I showed her all the dolls. She was immediately drawn to Mary Margaret. She LOVED the braided pigtails, but wanted wave in the hair like Libby. I tried to say "but look at her, she has short hair like you.." Nope, she knew what she wanted. She even wanted dark skin. Next, we went moved on to the scripture. She has been singing "This Little Light" in preschool and also for our church choir. So we talked about Matthew 5:16, "let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven." That was the one. She knew next came the name. Then I showed Carly her name in all kinds of fonts. It was fun for her to see her name on the patch. She watches me make scripture patches for the dolls and she always asks "who's name is that?" Then I had an idea, why not have her write her own name for the doll. I scanned it in and designed it and she loved it.
I have made the sad mistake of calling Quinn Darby, several times. All three of us wince each time Darb’s name comes out. We all keep doing it though. This poor puppy has some big paws to fill. Her big sister was pretty special. It’s funny how we are with dogs. Or even pets in general. This is our family’s 6th. We’ve been pretty lucky with almost all of them. Actually, any time spent with a family dog is pretty lucky.
Lussuria, Silk & Honey
Just recently I had the joy to play at Franciacorta. The course is located near Brescia and just 30 min from the south end of Lake Garda. As you see in the picture it has magnificent colors these days. Who needs Indian Summer, when you can play at a place like this?
2 flight
We tried to work out why that was. Ann wondered if the lack of a sense of real connection between the brothers on the one hand and the events of the twentieth century on the other was something to do with the fact that this was a real-life story, that this last fact had somehow hobbled the author. Mark said he thought that the fact that the characters were such eccentrics rather than Everymen contributed to the sense of things not gelling - they just weren't representative so couldn't take the weight of it all (though once again Jo cried out in disagreement). But now some people began to point out that the brothers were more touched by the events in the outside world than we had been saying: what about the fact that they hold tea dances during Prohibition and get raided; what about the fact that their house is used as a refuge by gangsters on the run from the police? What about the fact that hippies come to live with them for a while? John pointed out that surely the brothers were representative, exaggerated examples of certain twentieth-century and American political traits, compulsive acquisition and isolationism - with which Doug readily agreed. It's all rooted in Langley's shell-shock after the First World War, John said: he's representative of the damage inflicted by wars; and the barricading and hoarding starts after the tea dances, when the police invade their home, ie the state invades the private domain (there's an argument in court as to whether they were holding public meetings or private parties), and they react by creating an exaggerated separation of their private world and the public one.
We Have Authority to Act as New Creations
Man; You know now…Let’s get married.
By that which is much older
Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen Approved by the National Assembly of France, August 26, 1789
Then I used the egg whites from making the custard and beat them into a frothy frenzy and beautiful puffy goodness. You can see how the Mennonite Girls make it here. Plop that silky meringue on the custard and pop it into the oven for 7 minutes at 400*... or until the peaks get just a touch brown.
I had a quick browse of the next floor down where the Vivienne Westwood items are sold, then went on the music Closet Child, which is located nearby in a separate building. Pure Sound is also nearby (another second-hand VK shop) and I got JE*REVIENS and MALICE MIZER cds. I wanted to get Aioria's one and only album, but alas, I couldn't find anything by them all trip. In Pure Sound there was only the separator marked "Aioria" and no cds!
The grocery store I go to has bulk bins where you can get lots of useful and interesting foods for a lot cheaper than the pre-packaged versions on the shelves.
15. He's the only man in the world who can get away with leering.
SMB My Valentine! Talking about relationships and how people find each other using social media (and more)!
I remember well that for years I would always have stomachaches after eating- especially in college. Instead of the freshman 15, I ended up with the negative fifteen because I basically couldn't really handle the cafeteria food well.
two autumn coffee snaps to celebrate what's left of the weekend, stay warm!
Also, thanks to my fellow judges, you were all a collegiate pleasure to judge with and also to my awesome, awesome roomy Jessica Heidrich, who on the final night put up with my dumbass capability to drunkenly demagnetise my key card and opened the door in wee hours three times in a row, and made a trip to the mall and hugely entertaining process - you rule lady!
340 gm strawberry jam
An online poker room will take a part of money from every hands or pot which is rake. And this is the secret of how the online poker rooms make money. In order words, it is the commission of the poker sites to let you play in their rooms. It is basically their main source of income.
Everyone in my year got this bag, because in a week we shall do the School Certificate. Unfortunately I composed most of this before the certificate and forgotten about it. Like an apple you’ve taken half a bite out of and then put in the fridge and forgotten about. Excuse me if there’s some temporal inconsitincies here. I can do this coz I’m actually Doctor Who.
urban collapse. One American social scientist spoke of the frightening
2 – Go Easy – At least at first. Stick to a basic but comprehensive routine then work your way up to full ferocity!
“Vanya, do you see it?” Bronislav sounded eager.
Do something
10. Is there any trait/attitude/quality that is an instant turn-on for you? Do share.
So I set my sewing machine up in the corner of the class, while Dolly had Betty's classmates and teacher running around for her, fetching her books, crayons, paper and dressing up clothes.
During this time of tight budgets, the police department has been forced to put off or abandon certain programs. One of these was the patrol officer rifle program. The idea was to have at least one officer on each squad carry a rifle. The fight against crime has escalated and we have seen an increase in the use of high powered rifles and automatic weapons by criminals. Our handguns and sparse shotguns are no match for the arsenal being used by the bad guys.
"If one adds up the hotel extravagance to the cars bought by Mthethwa and his deputy, Fikile Mbalula, it goes up to over R3.7 million of public money being spent on person opulence," shadow minister of police Dianne Kohler Barnard said in a statement.
According to the NBS poverty
It has been a LOOOONG time but with perseverance I hope and pray that I will get into the nursing program next spring!
Marketing Tips,
542 **D-X/1/1963. “Neither Black nor White: The Negro in America.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 753-70. Incorporated in Item C-1989(4), above.) Dedicated to the memory of Jason M. Aronson (1929-1961). See Item D-XII/6/1961, above. See, also, Item C-1997(9) and Item C-1998(11), above.
If I had finished it up sooner my book would have been the second book in twenty-three years that she would have read in one sitting.
Really, why? I’m definitely not obese and I don’t have any single health problem. My waist-to-hip ratio is perfect so that I have no risk for cardiovascular disease. And my body fat % is in normal range. My lean body mass is also at normal number. And I am here, exercising like mad everyday.
transport needs and recreation. This
Dear Gathering Georgetown:
Start: Farningham Road Station TQ556693
This book (perched inexplicably up there in our lovely little ebay-snaffled belfast sink that sits at present in the corner of the bedroom, waiting to be fitted into the ever developing home-on-wheels) is illustrated by Iassen Ghiuselev a Bulgarian artist with the most amazing and old fashioned sort of talent, whose medieval wonderland of works demonstrate enviable skill with light and foreshortening.
This morning I awoke to two precious eyes, recently returning from dreamland, looking into mine. I smiled and moved the hair away from his eyes. Looking deep in the depths of them, I told him he was beautiful. He stated, "I know, Mama" as he snuggled closer.
For this recipe it asks for the buttermilk pancake mix, I had some home-made mix on hand, so used it.
On more than one occasion he threatened to make my life miserable if I divorced him and he is doing his very best to make that a reality. He even commented when I told him that I wanted a divorce that he did not understand why I felt the need to secure an attorney… I am thankful every day for that decision. I secured an attorney because I had years of experience with his attitudes and behaviors and knew that he would do exactly what he is doing today.
“I wanted to remove the idea of possession,” Poeta explained to me, coloring his explosive fantasy with a more intellectual hue. Yet the long-disused early 20th Century Las Cañitas mansion doubling as backdrop for our conversation — a space suddenly teeming with a dozen artists launching into three days of creation — wasn’t going to be detonating any time soon. It was going to become a boutique hotel.
*I am working on a new series of paintings... changing my color choices. Stay tuned for a sneak preview of some larger paintings.
*sorry no photos of the openers and sorry my photos of Sara aren't the best! Unfortunately, my camera wasn't cooperating. Really, it's just old and no good in poor lighting. A girl in the row ahead of me was taking excellent, clear, close-up shots. The ones I have here are actually zoomed all the way in, if you can believe it! I'm officially taking suggestions for a new camera. :)
Other treats for me included:
The soup is made to order, meaning that the cheese is melted on top when the order is placed. I waited a short time and Marty brought me my soup. Somehow, as I wasn't paying attention, I knocked the spoon off the plate onto the floor, but luckily Marty was right there and handed me a spoon from his shirt pocket. As I looked around I noticed the other 2 waiters had spoons in their pockets. I'd never seen this before so I asked Marty why they all have spoons in their shirt pockets. Marty told me the owner, Bruce, makes them carry the spoons around because people are always dropping the spoons off the saucers and it's just quicker to have a spoon with you to replace the fallen one. I thought that made good sense.
This time it was a carless, misplaced pass which allowed Mulumbu in. He put Odemwingie through on goal who managed to achieve what we failed to.
It all began a week or so back when I put my washing machine up for auction (or Buy Now) on our local auction website. Someone hit the Buy Now button the day after I listed it & duly rang me a day later to arrange pick up. I gave him my address & asked what day he wanted to come - which typically was the day everyone else seemed to want to do their pick-ups of some of the larger items I've been selling.....same time too. What is it about 11.00am anyway??
Black Staz-on ink
Jon's Advice: It is probably for the best that they break up. :)
Have I shared with you how ob. sessed. my kids are with their blankets? It's a little disturbing, and perhaps I should put the kibosh on such dependency, but then again, there are bigger battles I am attempting to fight these days.
Secondly...
The point being, I suppose, that whatever rambling, trite, shaky mess I might manage to toss out from the pulpit is not nearly my own. Isaiah tells us that the spoken word “does not return empty;” luckily, for me, it does not leave empty, either, for it is delivered from the shoulders of those before me who, thanks be to God, have been bold enough to speak a bit of light into the darkness, both to me, and to all the world.
“I think I may have an explanation as to Piggy's tiny nipples. While at the bar in the Castle, the two of them began squabbling. Started by Piggy, of course. Anyway, nipple tweaking ensued (I did not get involved in it, I'm happy to say), but because of Tazzy's greater strength and normal-sized hands (relative to Piggy's elfin trotters), he was the victor, as he is every time I would imagine. So, it's no wonder Piggy's nipples are little more than nubbins now!”
100g semi sweet chocolate chips
There can be some extra benefit if you want to look over what I’ve written in approximately two months so you can decide if you want to embark on a similar journey. You will be missing some of my writing which is a private blog containing my writing for two science fiction stories/novels.
I’m sure that Malaysians do not expect that every member of Parliament to have the qualities of Mahatma Gandhi or Nelson Mandela but, I am certain that it is within their contemplation that they do strive to have the qualities so well-enunciated in the above poem. If only ….
So now I'm waiting to hear if they received my e-mail saying "No! Please don't fix your mistake! I like the hood!" lol. So yes, the hood looks funny, but if swimming at a public pool or park with regulations, there's a good chance hijabs will be seen as dangerous/unhygenic/not allowed, so the hood is a necessary option. However, at the beach, private pools, etc. I will take advantage of the option to wrap a shayla around it making it more feminine and less alien. I apologize for the poor quality photos! I was using my phone and the lighting is bad, etc. I just wanted to give you a visual of the hood and the hood w/hijab (how I hope to wear it!)
At the centre of that wing is the mid-Victorian “Great hall” at the end of which are various statues of medical luminaries such as Florence Nightingale and eminent surgeons of the day.
in the middle of the night I just "knew" that a Heineken bottle cake needed an oversized coaster and bottle opener!
More great Gun Blogger rendezvous news. MidwayUSA, one of the premium sources for all of your shooting needs, has come on board as a sponsor for this year's Gun Blogger Rendezvous. Not only that, check out this email from Colin Anthony, MidwayUSA's Marketing Specialist:
*Reinforced magnetic seal
If you're not familiar with Tuli's blog, do pay it a visit - she is blogging mainly about nail related subjects; featuring lots of gorgeous nail polish pics and reviews, but also sometimes she blogs about daily life, cooking, and travel/trips. Being located in Israel, she writes her blog in both Hebrew and English - I find that amazing!
In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm.
G. B. S.- The Whittaker’s Ghost
Apart from this wonderful sketch, i was also inspired by the weekly challenge on the BasicGrey Blog that required me to use patterned paper as my layout background. I love Basic Grey paper - they always have the most eclectic and intricate patterned papers so i went through my BG stash and i came up with a mixture of different papers to create my layout: Cappella "Libretto" coupled with Origins "Refresh" as the background along with Scarlet's Letter "Night" and Cappella "Dolce" as accents.
and now i can really enjoy my presents, make plans for the year, throw myself into my new job, go shopping with all the money i will be making, travel, and relish in the freedom i have right at this moment.
curiouslee: Yes. I am an uber volunteer.
The Florida Panthers engaged in a massive overhaul of their lineup this season. Mainly in order to reach the salary cap floor. The Panthers scored by committee with Tomas Fleischmann, Stephen Weiss and Kris Versteeg all scoring 20+ goals and another six players marking double digits.
“Indeed Allah has been Kind and Merciful to us and has sent to us a Messenger to show us the good and command us to follow it, to make us realise what is evil and forbade us from it. The Messenger promised us if we were to respond to what he commands, Allah would bestow on us the good of this world and the good of the hereafter. Not much time has elapsed but Allah has given us abundance in place of hardship, honour in place of humiliation and mercy and brotherhood in place of our former enmity. The Messenger has commanded us to summon mankind to what is best for them and to begin with those who are our neighbours. We therefore invite you to enter into our Deen. It is a Deen, which beautifies and promotes all good and which detests and discourages all that is ugly and reprehensible. It is a Deen, which leads its adherents from the darkness and tyranny of unbelief to the light and justice of Iman. Should you respond, positively to us and come to Islam, it would be our duty to introduce the Book of Allah in your midst and help you to live according to it and rule according to its laws. We would then return and leave you to conduct your own affairs. Should you refuse however, to enter the Deen of Allah we would take the Jizya (tribute) from you and give you protection in return. If you refuse to give the Jizya, we shall declare war on you” (Ibn Sad in his Tareekh).
“Have you people… lost your … ever loving MINDS?!” yelled Arik philosophically.
ENGRAVED
and serving the noblest uses
In an open letter addressed to the Prime Minister of India and other officials, about 250 concerned activists, academics, intellectuals, students, professionals and democratic organisations have demanded immediate medical attention for the Adivasi school teacher, Soni Sori, 35, currently in custody in Raipur Central Jail, Chhattisgarh. Sori’s condition is believed to be rapidly deteriorating as a result of torture and sexual abuse at the hands of the Chhattisgarh police. She is the mother of three young children. Signatories to the letter include members of the National Advisory Council Harsh Mander and Aruna Roy, writers Arundhati Roy and Meena Kandasamy, respected economist Jean Dreze, Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan and renowned intellectual Noam Chomsky.
Ten pound notes, fondly referred to as ‘Tenners’ are orange, and of course shiny. Five pound notes (yep you guessed it – Fivers!) are a nice sort of blue green colour. The rest of our money is a mix of coins that are bronze or silver in colour. Or in the case of Pound Coins – sort of gold.
The American people have become convinced that the only way that we can all be "safe" is for this country to be run like a militarised totalitarian police state.
new fall tv shows! (yay Grey's!)
ANT-LOVING BEETLE (above left)
Now add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, stir to combine.
by DarkJade
"But should you listen to the bad birds that are always flying about you, and refuse to remove, I have directed the commanding officer to remove you by force."
How do you working mamas do it?! Please share!
If a homosexual told me I couldn't kiss my girlfriend in public I'd say they were a hateful idiot who should learn to tolerate the presence of someone different. The thing is, that doesn't really happen. It's only happening the other way. And it should stop.
I'm not too sure what I would have done if I hadn't met him, but do know for sure that I can't imagine my life without him in it.
32. Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH - O'Brian (1971)
Only my scarlet lips left in the open space
I hope everyone had a truly fantastic weekend! I spent mine at a crop for the cure, which was very relaxing and I got to catch up a teeny bit on my scrapbooking (if such a thing exists), not to mention I didn't have to do any cooking or cleaning! Does it get any better than that?
Summers: Obama bailed out the GOP and
A common objection to the sort of account given here is that it is too reliant on Tacitus and that Tacitus was using his picture of the Germans to propagandize for a return to old Roman ideals. Tacitus was a very senior Roman politician in the early imperial period and both saw close up and deplored the corruption and arbitrary power of that period. Tacitus is however a convenient reference rather than a sole one (Caesar, for instance, also distinguishes between the Gauls and the Germans and even "Beowulf" characterizes Germanic Kings primarily as being "givers of rings" -- scarcely tyrannical) and the similarity and common Indo-European origin of Roman republican, Greek democratic and German tribal systems are not in any case in dispute. Tacitus was right to see important similarities.
I'm sorry to ask for your help again so soon after our last quilt appeal but the situation is much more serious than first thought and many more people will be needing help now.
”It was very nice to meet you as well! Take care of yourself.” She started to rock again, back and forth. He left the room, looking back at her for the last time. He left quietly.
As Wei stood back and considered his options, he believed that a bus could be driven through the fence to create a breach. The gate was risky due to its reinforcements. It was not constructed of chain link, but rather of iron bars. No, to penetrate the fence, the bus would have to be driven at one of the long sides of the building. Unfortunately, there were no streets leading to the sides of the building – no way to gain momentum to crash through the barrier.
Game Nutz Podcast: Adventure 17
Phra Nakorn, Bangkok 10200
The story is told from the point of view of nine-year-old Michele, a boy living with his sister and parents in a small village in Italy in 1978. It's a blisteringly hot summer and Michele and his friends bike around the hills, trying to stay out of the adults' way and have a good time. Unfortunately they make a discovery in an old abandoned barn that will change their lives forever.
It was a fun thing to do on a Saturday morning :) and I am happy we did it. We ended up with so much color everywhere, it went right through our clothes and I ended up looking like an avatar creature! My arm pits are still blue, and I took three showers! My ears had dry powder coming out of them... and my hair was pink for awhile... all in all a very FUN run :) I kind of left wanting to dye my hair some funky color... hmmm? haha
She dreamt of a whisper in her ear. An alluring voice pulled her on, reaching into the depths of her mind and wrapping itself around her consciousness, dragging her out of the mindless repose she so ignorantly found blissful and pulling her into the night sky. She flew, higher than the bower of her house, higher than the elaborate garden that surrounded it, higher than her docilely slumbering husband. The wind pulled the hair back from her scalp and made her eyes water, but she wasn’t moving. Alone she stayed, stationary above the world. Above everything.
The average educated man in the United States of America has an education that except for basic math and ultra basic science is based mostly in subjects that are subjective in nature.
4. Gingersnaps (standalone or as a crust)
This conversation came back to me when I saw the Irish movie The Guard yesterday, which has collected a fair amount of word-of-mouth enthusiasm. It has been called “subversive”, presumably because of its casual acceptance of corruption.
Spain now follows me;
New light fixture
I posted about home-made pizza a while back so I thought now I would post my pizza dough recipe.
However, things aren’t as small as people let on. If one is looking for a comedic afternoon and a chance to study the various size of people, I recommend spending time in the local Asda supermarket. The idea of a Supermarket came about when a rather large Russian woman demand her local market supersize itself while she was being drug out for wanting to buy up the entire market leaving the village without any local food store…she was a spinster. Its also interesting to know that this overly large woman is also where McDonald’s fast food stores got the idea to Supersize their meals believe it okay to give people more more more which led to a world crisis of increasingly large people.
They also chanted anti-Lim slogans and threw rolled-up posters into the porch and on the road.
Hal Holbrook is one of the few actors who has portrayed Lincoln on film more than once. He first donned the stovepipe hat and beard for what has been called the first televised miniseries, Sandburg’s Lincoln, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning biography by Carl Sandburg. Holbrook truly did a magnificent job in the role, showing mostly Lincoln’s penchant for humor, while also showing his softer and political sides when needed. For his performance, Holbrook would win an Emmy Award for Best Actor. Eleven years after Lincoln, he would reprise the role for the adaptation of John Jakes’ bestselling novels North and South and Love and War, where he delivers a more tender portrayal of Lincoln during his time in office. Holbrook is also the only previous actor to portray Lincoln who will star in Spielberg’s Lincoln film, as Francis Preston Blair.
Some travelers aren’t scared off by the idea of never having heard about a place. For example, if you want to spend some time in the Great Smoky Mountains hiking and fishing, why not let price be the guide? Choose an affordable rental and look at the journey to get there as an adventure. Some of the most affordable rentals are often the ones that take a little bit of extra effort to reach.
The formula is gel-like, clear, and unscented.
Here's my card for you!
dennis@thetwocentscorp.com
Sometime before the 20th century, the Tractators invaded Trion. As a consequence, the invasion etched itself into the racial memory of the Trions.
Database/Reporting Development expertise throughout the full lifecycle of the solution including the gathering of business data requirements, architecting a solution, capacity planning, data modeling, development, deployment, and operational realization of the solution
oil for deep frying the bhajis
So today I got a break from teaching and got to do some learning. After figuring out who is going with who next Monday for the field trip, Tom started into the Responsible Alcohol Management Program (RAMP) training.
Liver. It is nasty and smelly and I will NEVER cook it in my house OR make my children eat it. I think serving liver to children should be considered child abuse. I'm sure someone will comment and tell me the nutritional value of liver but I don't care.
Onion- 1 large, thinly sliced (preferably red onion)
The third major shift has taken place from the end of the 1980s onwards. As the cold war gave way to a new system of global political control dominated by one superpower, realignments, regime change, and new policy directions emerged during the 1990s. In particular the economic situation of many basin states shifted to more open, free-market economic systems causing major social and economic wrenches. It is within this era of substantial social, economic, and political change that the emergence of the Nile Basin Initiative has taken place and the major ideas and concepts of the Nile Basin Initiative have been framed.
this shot is from last sunday's full moon...the cherry on top of the very best of evenings. i loved the way the moon was a beacon through the heavy spanish moss. it rose fast, almost faster than i could set up my tripod. and as i got ready, my brother and sister-in-law stood watching its beauty with me. life is good like that, you know? or mine is....i have way more blessings to count than negatives.
Here’s the probiotic content for the Multigreen drink:
So glad you made it back for part two of Lisa Marie and Richard's gorgeous SF elopement! And do check out Part One if you missed yesterday's post.
For a more in-depth expose on the characteristics of a doppelbock, check out the latest Style summary from the Beer Judge Certification Program.
When Lekala offered them in my size for free (yay!)
OR when the lady at the service desk was not ready to open this morning and I stood at the counter for ten minutes without her even acknowledging me or another lady while she opened her register appearing as if she would like for us both to disappear.
Jesus spoke these words to the crowds that followed him thoughout Galilee over 2,000 years ago. He spoke these words to me, personally, this morning. It's not the first time I have turned to this passage of scripture and certainly not the first time I needed to hear these words. But, I am thinking it must be the first time that the phrase, "learn from me", leaped off the page. Somehow, I’ve always managed to stumble past that part and jump to the happy ending: "you will find rest for your souls." I didn't realize there was "learning" involved. That sounds like work!
Now onto this week's new challenge... again sponsored by Joanna Sheen who gives a gift voucher every first Thursday in the month.... thanks Joanna.
Let the CMS do the talking.
I always like to test the potatoes, to make sure they are fork tender. These took close to 20 minutes until they were ready. At this point, I could eat a a plate full of golden fried potatoes. But, we have a few more steps to do.
09 Chop Chop
“All the boxes, the ones you wanted to keep last time,” my coworker asked.
Friday: Bowties with Sausage and Veggies
The Twenty-Eleven WordPress Theme features a pseudo-static front page template called “showcase.” When set as the “home” page template with the blog as “blog,” you have the option to add a slider with sticky posts. Add another and it automatically converts to a slider. Add a featured post image and your slider becomes highly visual.
Persuasion, Northanger Abbey – Austen
What are some circumstances in which a victim is shot to death, and the killer walks the streets right afterwards? Were there no other charges to stick him with that would keep him behind bars?
As an agent who believes in your oath, it is your duty to root out and extirpate the rot and filth of political corruption, which is far more dangerous to our Republic than the corruption of mere personal greed. You must remain vigilant to the danger that your agency will become fully politicized, transforming over time into an American KGB or Stasi. Please reread the oath you swore before accepting your gold shield, especially the part about domestic enemies. If you willingly become a Stasi or a KGB man, if a job is a job and you just follow orders, then that domestic enemy is you, and trust me on this, many of us are watching these developments very carefully and with great trepidation.
Why bless my soul...yes.
She wanted me to do an interpretive analysis on our dog Blizzard’s emotions in this photo.
"Deal."
And where was the key?
The land question was asked by Mduduzi Vilane, who wanted to know if South Africa had plans to avoid what happened in Zimbabwe, where land belonging to whites was taken without compensation as part of the country's land redistribution programme.
Joe & I don’t actually have much to report in terms of the house at the moment. We are in a ‘saving up’ phase and getting price quotes for the bathroom (post to come on this later) but this doesn’t mean I’ve stopped nerding out to interior blogs and DIY videos on YouTube.
Ethel, on the right, with elder sister Nelly. The two were good friends and spent much time together.
that layered the windows
There has been next to no knitting in the last couple of weeks. Even John commented on that this week. The second of the little pink hats is more than half finished and I should get it done this weekend. If the day warms up a bit more, I may even take it outside and work on it in the great outdoors. The monster pants have seen absolutely no progress and there's only a few inches left to do on them. The only thing that's seen any kind of progress is the second of the 10-stitch blankets, and even that has been very little.
I’m sure you’ve been hearing about and reading about health foods everywhere you turn. After just a few weeks in the US for the summer, I was saturated with “eat this, not that!” advice in the newspaper, magazines and on TV. If I actually listened to every one of them, I’d be eating… well, nothing, since even the health experts seem to contradict themselves most of the time. While a raw food diet is actually less of a diet and more of a lifestyle choice and it’s certainly not for everyone, gradually integrating more and more raw foods into one’s diet is absolutely a healthy choice for everyone. In his book, Graham makes raw food seem less a chore and more a creative and delicious way to get your greens. The book is divided into five parts that give you the basics of going raw, a step-by-step guide to getting started, several recipes, how raw food can be medicinal and nutritious then how to maintain the detox at home on your own. Graham goes into the scientific explanations of why raw is better, but, unlike many raw guides, doesn’t judge his readers. If you’re licking your lips from your cheeseburger and fries while perusing the pages, Graham would be happy you’re even listening instead of lecturing you on why the dead cow in your stomach is the end of the world. Plus, the recipes don’t use very esoteric, hard-to-find ingredients or require hard labor and specialized technology. So many raw recipes list hundreds of ingredients and require soaking, sprouting, dehydrating and crazy dancing (not really, but my poor attempts at them have resulted in such). Graham’s recipes are all simple, yet flavorful and offer alternatives if you don’t happen to have certain ingredients on hand, which I always like in a cookbook. Or, if you do decide to go all raw, Graham makes sure to include a chapter on “Raw food detox and social challenges” and how to remain raw despite pressures from society, family and friends. Graham also outlines a sample 15-day plan to have an idea of how to incorporate the recipes into a daily meal plan and make sure you’re getting enough calories throughout the day, not often easy with raw foods. Plus, the recipe names are all very creative and witty such as his “Portobello Bella Bella,” “G-Man’s Coconut Soup,” “Monkey King” smoothie, “Virgin Mary” juice or “Broccoli Rawdorf Salad.” This is more than just a cookbook and it’s a timeless book than can be consulted anytime – whether for a quick raw recipe idea or daily health tips.
Think of other “literary boyfriends”—Edward, Mr. Darcy, Gilbert Blythe. All of the traits we’re drawn to in them are just dim reflections of who Jesus is. He’s the Ultimate Protector—He did die for me. For us. He delights in our excitement, He hurts when we’re in pain.
One woman totally and completely cussed out her husband right in front of me. I mean she said things like "fuck you, I don't like you" to him, right in front of me, all because he made a joke. Man was she a bitch. Horrible woman. Then she turned her ire onto me, wanting me to find something for her and being barely and I mean BARELY civil. If she had used one cussword at me or said anything even the least untoward, I would have shut her down. I am SO not here to take that, and for what they are paying me, I don't have to, either.
There is no hope in the valley, but much sorrow; darkness, but no light. There is food in the valley, but no eating, no love, because there are no hearts.
After a brief re-visit with my neighbor when I thought I had broken the pipe wrench by unscrewing it too far, I surveyed my sink, and decided that it was not a big deal to just take off the bendy part. As it turns out, the fittings are plastic, and I didn't even have to use the wrench to get it off.
Now that I live in a country that somewhat follows seasonal food patterns, I realize how little cabbage we eat in North America – it quickly gets pushed to the back of the produce heap, ‘cause let’s face it: cabbage is not sexy. Cabbage is what your grandmother eats because she doesn’t know any better, right? Wrong! Your grandmother eats cabbage because she does know better. Let’s look at the reasons cabbage is savage, because it's fun.
Candy said some things on the other site that I found interesting. She apologizes to me there later on in the comments. Why not just come directly here? She knows that would have put a comment in my e-mail that I would have seen. Why take a chance I would miss it hidden in comments over there?
It is love. It has five senses, seven sounds, nine skins, eleven illusions. It is soft. It is a flower that grows in the deepest oceans. It is a flickering candle, a sign in the snow, a beautiful country, desert ash. It is a call and a curse and a long-drawn-out incantation to be chanted in the evening. It is a photograph, a lament, a chronicle, a painting. It is Pandora’s box, in a sunlit park, in the Crow Tree. It is elation, confusion, loneliness, loss, dream. It is love.
We hadn’t planned far enough in advance, so all of the liveaboard boats (well, the ones with acceptable safety records) were full. There are two famous, world-class diving areas – Komodo and Raja Ampat. We started researching and quickly found that Raja Ampat was going to cost an arm and a leg if we couldn’t find a liveaboard. Like, $5,000 for 7 days. And for $5,000 you get to stay in a thatch hut, sleep under a mosquito net with no electricity on a thin foam mattress, “shower” with a bucket of room-temperature salt water and eat rice and grilled veggies. And dive 3-4 amazing times per day. We debated it for a long time – we had roughly that much left in our absolute-maximum budget. But ultimately, we decided that we couldn’t justify spending that much to toss and turn, sweaty, under a mosquito net. Maybe in the beginning of our trip, but not now – we’re tired of sweating ourselves to sleep.
RND 17: *sc in first 3 st, dec over next 2 st*, repeat around (24 stitches)
Another property of a thing that we might propose is that it is always composed of the same stuff. The atoms and molecules in a rock do not change much. You could make a little etching on the rock, and then find it later on, confident that you had found the same thing.
continuing in thanks...
Then put to the test.
To prepare the tart:
AV AJLABLE 5.00-6.30PM
4) I don't like clowns much- I get a little freaked, and I feel like I'll cringe at the humour.
...that would stand up to the rigors of daily use.
According to my information at the time Beethoven (d.1827) and Schubert (d.1828) lay side by side in a little park in the 18th district of Vienna. We found them easily, two elongated mounds with lichen-grown, obelisk-like headstones. On Schubert's headstone there was his name and a lyre. On Beethoven's there was his name and the figure of a butterfly carved into the stone. My information (a biography of Beethoven by Marion Scott) interpreted this butterfly as a symbol of freedom. I bowed the grateful knee. And touched my forelock respectfully to Schubert, whose music I loved too, but not with the same ardour that I felt for the Master. Duty done, we came home.
It is rare that I locate a good model of wireless surround sound headphone, and I don’t even have that high standards. I don’t really want to compose a symphony or hear every tiniest detail, yet the huge levels of static and poor reproduction on most models, including those made by big brand names, kept me coming back to my good old corded Sennheiser standbys for years until I found these Sony MDR-DS3000 models. They have great clarity and nearly non-existent hiss, which is a great improvement over every other type I’ve tried.
I made two of each. One for my granddaughter and one for my great niece. The long sleeved will be for Christmas and since each has birthdays early in the year, I figured I'd make short sleeved ones (with biker shorts) right away as long as I had everything out. The pattern (Farbenmix "Olivia") is simple, simple and goes together probably faster than tracing the size and cutting it out. AND, most importantly, kids love it! I've made them before! Knits are sooooo forgiving and fun!
Ephesians 1:22-23. It states; God has put all things under the authority of Christ and has made him head over all things for the benefit of the church. And the church is his body; it is made full and complete by Christ, who fills all things everywhere with himself.
In the sixties Liberalism changed from individual rights to group rights which is what is known as Cultural Marxism but as we became the object of prejudice and discrimination while the groups Hitler disliked became privileged and treated as superior. I think it’s more accurate to call it Cultural Nazism against White heterosexual males.
Still, let's remind ourselves that we are tracing through a complex and balanced situation. The politics of taste do matter - what I am saying is that they are not however ultimately determinant of the politics of cinema/art/aesthetics. The aesthetic domain cannot do all the work, and I suspect the amount of work it can do is often overestimated. Another facet of what I am saying is that our tastes are not themselves free from determinants and conditions ... not even when they appear most evolved, or anyway most divorced from the dictates of the culture industry. One is not necessarily free of anything simply because one has left behind the sweep of JK Rowling, LMFAO, Avengers, Lost, The Sopranos, Gaga, and Bieber. Aesthetic tastes and predilections are never simply natural (i.e., physiological or predestined) but are forged. Even what Bourdieu referred to as a kind of naive, natural taste emerges from the crucible of society.
2. Andante 6:56
The apostolic is not the singling out of ‘great men’ or the establishment of kings to reign over others. It is the moving of the Spirit of Christ among His people to give them their genuine identity and purpose. This is so that every person can be great because they are representing Jesus as who they are in the places reserved for them before time began. Thus people get to lead from the position for which they have been created to lead by Christ. They work together in harmony as His Body because the government is on His shoulders.
So, my card stash has started. Hopefully I will be able to find these when I need them. That may be my biggest problem. Do you make cards? Do you give them out once you make them? Do you worry that people will just throw them away???
Today my post is in response to Chapter 8: Measurement Work Stations.
3) They both promised all the latest in preventing over drying of your hair.
Let’s see what pans out over here!!! This blog will be carry pages from my mind.
Autobots.... roll out!
But what if it's not the other person?
Xypherous: This is never going to work!
Launches are scheduled to go up every 30 minutes using six launch pads between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. each day.
Husband: John Huddleston (musician, m. 1941, div. 1943)
c) 14
Whatever identify of dismay method you determine to somebody installed in your plate ormerce, it is always well to workplace around before purchasing anything.
Rather than reposting the recipe, I will simply re-direct you to The Galley Gourmet's blog post. I did not alter this recipe much at all. I only swapped out the milk chocolate chips for Hershey's dark chocolate chips.
We’d recommend holding off buying one in case prices come down a little – ideally you’d be much better off with the 16GB model but £40 is simply too much to pay in our eyes (it has to be said, at the time of writing, Amazon UK is offering a deal whereby you can get an 8GB Vita card for free when buying the console).
I started out with the intention of creating a card but sometimes the project just follows their own route and wants to be a little different! As you can see I'm still using the wonderful characters in the The Greeting Farm - Stamp Kit- Creeper Crew - Creepin' and I picked the fabulous Sasha for my picture. Sasha reminds me very much of Maoleidigh, I've coloured with copics and her dress is paper pieced.
In every cell there was a corner reserved for five-litre bottle-like plastic containers covered with cardboard, which served as a toilet where, in the sight of all cellmates, you were expected to relieve yourself.
Don’t go
That's so nice! ;)
I can't believe that it's been a week since Wonder-Con. It was only our second convention and we learned so much and met so many great people. We're doing it all over again in Seattle this upcoming weekend. My wife and I collaborated again on this fun Seattle poster. We have great memories of the city and are looking forward to being able to visit again.
Somewhat promise.
Honestly what’s the point of not trying something? I understand that everyone worries about sucking and failure and embarrassment and defeat and all that shit… but honestly who gives a fuck.. Take risks dammit!
I've put a few more inches on my Bellevue cardi since last Wednesday. Work on this has since been suspended due to the above.
Pat Byrne rejects Smithwick Tribunal evidence Claims of Garda-IRA collusion ‘outrageous’ Corrib: Breakdown of trust appears widespread Sinn Fein chairman: IRA should say sorry for hurt caused ‘Troubles’ artefacts tour to start in Derry Republicans blamed for shooting of west Belfast man Learning from a decade of anniversaries
“One surprise was how few stream gauging stations have the necessary long-term records for evaluating climate-related trends in water temperatures,” said coauthor Jason Dunham, an aquatic ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey. “Most of them are located in streams with high human influence, which makes it difficult to separate climate effects from local human impacts.”
I am always looking for new ways to recreate Buffalo Wings which were my favorite thing to eat before I broke through my denial and became educated about where my food comes from. Now the thought of eating actual wings from a bird doesn't make me hungry. It makes me sad, angry and disgusted. How many chickens had to suffer and be murdered to make the giant plate of wings I used to order?
יהי זכרו ברוך
In the late summer of 1859, a great solar storm hit the planet. This storm was the product of a coronal mass ejection from the Sun. While the science and physics behind these coronal ejections is interesting, it can also be long winded for some readers so I'll keep this brief.
Cover and refrigerate about 2 hours or until chilled.
“Mexico is now the greatest exporter of cocaine, more than Columbia. In 2004, the mayor of Matamoros (directly across the border from Brownsville, Texas) officially recognized Santa Muerte as a saint. When the local seat of authority is recognizing a demonic cult as legitimate, all hell breaks loose. There are several Satanist churches operating openly in Matamoros that used to have to hide their existence. The local population supports them. Also in 2004, videos of al- Qaida beheadings went viral on the Internet, and now that old Aztec human-sacrifice ritual is being carried out all across Mexico.”
What is there in the world to give
5. Rebel Yell (BILLY IDOL cover)
It is the 6th tool from the top, we'll be using perspective correction. (If you hold your mouse over the little arrow, you will get the drop down menu as shown below)
My uncle was, well… I use eccentric, others say ‘cuckoo’. He was an extremely brilliant scientist (I know right, Nigeria doesn’t have many of those) who was highly celebrated in the area of math and quantum physics and was a lecturer at Stanford university, California, USA, he was extremely wealthy, but never seemed to look the part. My uncle has been known to answer the door naked, he works on most of his equations in the nude and was divorced because his wife commented that she couldn’t share him with his work. He was my father’s younger brother and though my dad said he accepted him for who he was, it was clear that my uncle freaked him out. Avoided by most, rejected by family, he turned to me as his ‘person’. He taught me all the math I know and our love relationship had started since I was six, when he bought me a planetary model for my birthday. I had grinned and asked
Please join us for a colorful challenge over TTCDR challenge (you have a couple days left) for a CAS challenge!
"Ten minutes into the trot, she lay down exhausted in the middle of Clark Drive in East Northport. “Get up or a car is going to hit you,” her husband said. And when she caught her breath, she answered, “I hope it does.”"
I had no idea what a knish was, but it’s a kind of dough with potato in it and you can have it plain like that or a special kind with extra ingredients. I had this amazing sweet potato one, filling though! Kept me full for hours.
$15 Members & $20 Guests
For pastitso, it’s basically the same, except instead of eggplant, you use noodles (elbow macaroni/penne)
Pause Café – one of my fave cheap eats in Paris and has a great terrace to boot.
Today is pure cuteness day with a delightful collection of Pure Innocence sets. I decided to work with Pure Innocence Scientist...she brings me back to my high school chemistry days and the six weeks I spent at science camp one summer (yes...total nerd here!).
Having played some and watched a lot of cricket growing up, I thought, how difficult could softball be. I thought wrong. The bat is a stick, not a paddle, you hold it up over your shoulder at a precarious position, and you swing as the ball comes your way. You miss mostly, and swing around. Not you! You may be fantastic at it, its me! I used to swing at air and go around 360 degrees before coming to a stop. Hilarious really.
at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Ky. That means for those lucky enough to attend the Derby or for those going to a Derby party, it's time to break out your best race day attire! Hats, hats, hats!
Do you have a formal affair coming up? The best way to impress people at such events is by wearing a silver bracelet watch. You will be the talk of the town on that night.
The failure to develop the Scottish National Party beyond a middle class clique has been the senior leadership’s downfall.
Small rural food nonprofit in Tillamook, Oregon.
When what to her wandering eyes should appear
But sometimes artists will blur the line between expression and communication. Some art can be put out in public expressing something the artist wants to say but with absolutely no hope that it will be understood that way. Its sometimes not about communicating: Its about expressing. And the public can take it or leave it. It simply doesn’t always matter to the artist. Or it does if the artist has confused how well expression qualifies as communication…. Sometimes art can be more about the personal catharsis of the maker than any consideration for the audience. Like an inarticulate cry from a mountain top, a dream induced whimper in the night. The artist can be so focused on what something means to him or her that they don’t understand or sometimes even care that the public may not see the same things, or seeing them agree. And that is the difference between expression and communication.
The dominant performance by the GEICO Honda team set the stage for the 10 lap Dave Coombs Sr. East/West Shootout. Once again, Barcia won the Nuclear Cowboyz Holeshot Award, and he was trailed by Davalos and Tomac.
The man Helen C.K.S. recommended is going to remove three large pieces of furniture on Monday, and keep them in store somewhere. We've got to spend the rest of the weekend moving as much as possible out of the room. My husband is not strong enough to do much, but he is well capable of thinking about it and organising it and getting cross about any decision of a what-could-go-where nature which I might make on my own.
Dandruff is dead skin flakes falling off from our scalp. The intensity of dandruff can vary from mild to severe for different people.
The Unknown San Francisco Sound: Kak, Mad River
Like all of the other pay-for-a-ghettoised-review vendors, Publishers Weekly does not want your self-published book, and will not give you a review of the same quality they give to other books. They will however take your money to provide a bastardised version of it. So they are "accepting" self-published books for review to the extent that they are charging more ($149 versus nothing) to provide less (a listing you write for them in a "quarterly supplement" rather than their best selling magazine). Oh and the listing in this supplement will not actually include a review, just a "brief description" presumably provided by the author. Only 25 of the unspecified number of books listed in a supplement will get a review. They then have the temerity to call the less-for-more treatment "PW Select".
Overall I think its performance is adequate and somewhat forgettable and when I look at it I think to myself I could have spent that money on another Coco shine lipstick instead.
As to the Kenyan half siblings, the media tend to avoid interviewing them, as they can frequently be rather embarrassing, after all, at least one brother said he was a Muslim. So we really do not know what they know, what they believe or what they have been told to say.
Reviewing that “once-in-a-lifetime….or even once-in-many-lifetimes” event, Times art critic Christopher Knight wrote that “sometimes, as in the exquisite 'Girl With a Pearl Earring,’ the sitter in the painting returns your focused gaze. An inexplicable charge rushes through the experience, as when an electrical circuit is suddenly completed.”
Santorum would represent a culture war. If you aren’t ‘Christian’ and we’ll decide who is and isn’t, then you are anti – American.
Real milk, real butter and lots of canning lids. It was a good day. ;-)
It was between these three:
A part of me died along with Jill - the part that never knew about suffering and death; the part that believed in miracles; the part that believed things happened for a reason. It's a loss of innocence, I guess, and it's something I'll never get back. I can't "unsee" the things I saw, or "unlearn" the things I learned, so I've had to find new ways of looking at things. I'm finding my way, but I'll never be the same. There will always be a hole in my life that can never be filled, a best friend lost forever. A lifelong friendship like we had is something that few people ever experience, and although I will live the rest of my life without her, I will treasure every single moment that we shared while she was here. And as hard as it was for me to watch her suffer like that, I'm glad I was there, and I hope that in some small way my being there helped make it a little less horrible and painful for her. I'll never forget the way Jill died, but neither will I forget the way she lived. Her life was tragically short, but she got more joy out of her brief time here than most people ever do. Jill lived every day of her life as a shining example of how to be at peace with the world and everything in it. She was the most positive and happy and optimistic person I've ever known, and you can't be around someone like that without learning from them. She made a difference in the lives of everyone who knew her, and every single life she touched has been forever changed. I truly believe she was an angel who came into my life for a reason. I just wish I could find a reason for why she was taken away so soon. She was too young. I'll never understand that. I'll never be okay with that. Never.
Then we moved to Columbus and I got a job right away with Huntington National Bank as a teller. I was 4 months pregnant with Alli. I quit working there after Maggie was born, but when Maggie turned a year old, they called me and asked if I could return to work. I said what the heck- it was 11 hours a week. I did that until the boys were born and decided to be done with it. It was a really sad decision, but I thought two little babies, plus a Maggie, would be a bit hard to pawn off on another person.
j-diddle
Next job is to finish preparing the veg plot which is on the foreshore below the castle. I managed to spray off a goodly area where I shall be planting a rosa rugosa hedge as well as a decorative hedge of Globe Artichokes, and sprayed the pathways and also the stone wall (built from stones dug out of the veg patch - more on this when it is in a reasonable photographic state !!
How much worse will things get? Do I want to stay to find out?
The soldier picked it up, smiled and said, "That's it."
- Community is spiritual battle. God desires community, “Behold, How Good and Pleasant it is for Brethren to Dwell together in Unity.” Nearly every letter from Rav Shaul. It is obvious: God wants community. The enemy doesn’t.
Fact #5: J. Edgar Hoover had lunch with JFK in March of 1962, where he allegedly handed him the FBI report detailing Judith’s relationship with Giancana.
Mr Obama Snr, who died in 1982, is not singled out for concern in any of the documents.
Here it is, the last blog of the semester. To the hundreds of you out there that have been reading this site for the past few weeks, I no longer have to sell you on the superiority of the BBC because I’ve already done so.
This is going to be a little technical, but I think it’s important since Bob presents himself as an expert on physics and astrophysics. In Galileo Was Wrong, Bob grossly misrepresented Fr. Olivieri, the Commissary General of the Holy Office during the early 1800s, by claiming that Fr. Olivieri’s entire case for allowing non-geocentric cosmological views to be disseminated in the Church boiled down the matter of “elliptical orbits”. (See here for more important background on this discussion.)
However the 2nd brigade Militia were able to sieze part of the hamlet in vicious fighting.
1 pund mascarpone cheese or 2 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese, softened
09. Dedicated (Funkmaster Flex Remix)
special guest Ron Stewart. Known as “Uncle Ron” to thousands of children who went along to Saturday morning pictures at the Regal at Rayleigh and the Classic at Westcliff, this legendary cinema manager will look back over a lifetime spent working “at the pictures”. A real treat for anyone who’s ever enjoyed a night in the ‘one and nines’!"
Niecey has decided to end this with "hehehoho"
'Tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Anyhow, today is the compilation of trends I've been obsessed with. First off, I keep seeing all these great fashionista bloggers just looking so stylish with their waistcoats. I loved the look on everyone else but was scared to try it myself. However, I became obsessed and headed to the mall last night and picked up a vest to try the trend out. I'm still not sure if I think it's "me" -- but it's fun and I have a couple more ideas of things to try as well! I went back and forth literally all day long, buttoning and unbuttoning. I couldn't make up my mind which way looked better. If you have an opinion for future wearings, feel free to toss it out.
We are pleased to announce that we have managed to get some fantastic new work in from some of Irelands most talented artists.
Are you freakin’ kidding me!? I took a full step away from him and gave him a look that read “Touch me again and you lose your hand.” He continued to smile and wagged his eyebrows at me, and and said “Nice ass.” Yeah, I know…. I should have made my exit then.
The survey, which sampled 4,050 adult consumers from seven different countries, also found that 90% of respondents said they were concerned about data security, while 80% said they know more about online data security than they did five years ago.
T-Bo’s taking pics of 1D with his pearPhone.
Then we get to the duty of the interview, to talk about his new CD's.
Next Monday, I'll dive into Immutable Law of Branding 1: Expansion. I might even combine that discussion with Immutable Law of Branding 2: Contraction. Actually, I've already drafted the post and I have, in fact, coupled the two sides of the same coin together, just like I did for the Immutable Laws of Marketing (Laws 18 and 19).
I'm going to look for new drugs. Vicodin, anyone?
Question#2
I'm REALLY excited to share today's book with you. It is so incredibly beautiful. Beautiful art, and even more beautiful language. There, now see? I'm getting ahead of myself telling you why I like it before I've even told you what it is! But get ready, because this one is really special!
This is a key paragraph. In any amateur sleuth mystery (which this is) one of the things I always look for is why the sleuth is investigating. It has to be a logical reason, not just because you need the sleuth to investigate to make the book work. Generally you find those reasons in the stakes of the book: here it's a little different. Delia think if she doesn't do it, no one will.
Ever since I started back at Walmart, I have been trying to get into Store Planning. I want to go from store to store and do set-ups and remodels. It is very hard to get into this area, but I have been very persistent. Now my persistence is paying off!
Needless to say, I was eager to oblige and when we had stopped,
At CCB we do not pay any monies to the Diocese. Never have. But then, neither do we receive any. We don’t cost the Diocese anything. We are, what you might call, a bargain! I think that’s true for all the Co-Mission churches south of the river. This is a position I’m happy with. I’m convinced that we need to be good stewards of the money that people have given us for the purposes of gospel ministry. Using it to fund heretical churches doesn’t come under that remit. And that seems to be unavoidable in a centralised Diocesan structure. Of course, churches like ours must still be generous and therefore support other ministries. We mustn’t be self serving. And that’s why we’ll give money away to mission partners who share the same gospel and the same gospel priorities. That’s why we’ll help support gospel minsitries in socially deprived places that are unlikely to be able to pay their own way. But that’s impossible to do in a theologically compromised Diocese with centralised decision making. Better (financially) out than in, if we want to be good stewards. That seems to be the way forward at the moment.
After months of promises and missed deadline The Holy Grail arrived, the Apple IIe. It was worth the wait. The best part, we were able to set up the computer lab. I remember unpacking the computer with our teacher giving us step-by-step instructions on what each piece did and how it went together. It was amazing to look inside the computer and connect the wires to give life to this incredible piece of machinery. What did we do with this powerful piece of machinery after months of preparing our programming skills I hear you ask, we played games for lessons on end. I don’t recall doing any real programming on the computer, I know we did because I have memories of loading files onto 5.25 inch discs and learning how to use the file directory, but I do remember the games. I guess not much has changed. Teaching now I still have to battle to ensure the computers we use are being used effectively and not for taking photos, watching YouTube or playing games. Thank goodness for remote desktop.
Our polar opposite attitudes to the approaching season helped us to hatch a New Plan. Instead of distracting myself from the winter, she thinks she can help me to embrace it, with wintry handmade projects, delicious (probably pastry-laden) recipes, fireside time (with Mrs TH's homemade fruity liqueurs, see above), brisk frosty walks and learning to crochet (something other than a sad, tangled little beard).
All the stories beneath.
BEEN DOING FOR ALL OF HIS LIFE and THIS IS WHAT JAKE WANTS TO BE DOING FOR ALL
Ms
paired with Piare cheese
It is an American tragedy whenever an unarmed teenage boy--of any color--is fatally shot. And when you strip down the Trayvon Martin shooting to its core, that is exactly what we were all faced with in Florida several weeks ago--a senseless tragedy. As a result, there has been a re-emergence of questions about the meaning of race in today's America. I will be taking on some of these tough questions in a series of blog posts I'm calling "An Inconvenient Truth." In this discussion of race in America, I will pull no punches.
Which leads to the next update about the Gestational Diabetes diagnosis that I’ve been living with for the past month or so. It’s fascinating really. I’m so held accountable with what I put into my mouth and you bet I’m thinking twice and at times testing the limits of what my body will tolerate. I’m past the point of standing in my kitchen, hungry, wondering what will be good/safe/satisfying to eat. I’m eating smaller meals and snacking smart throughout the day. High veggie content in an meal? I’m amazed at how full I can feel after a salad with beans, veggies, an ounce of really flavorful cheese and salsa or balsamic vinegar and olive oil dressing and how little a blood sugar spike I get an hour or so later (I have to check my blood sugar levels within 2 hours post meals). It’s also interesting how little exercise it takes to keep my sugar levels down after a meal – theory tested after a pancake dinner (per Sofia’s request) with applesauce instead of syrup. Serving size matters people – it’s true! Half a banana is one serving. When I eat a whole banana – it shows up on the glucometer. How many people can say that they really follow serving size and food group serving suggestions? I’ve always been “aware” of this information and consider myself a relatively healthy active person but now, NOW it’s been taken to a whole new level. Life is a little more planned and little more regimented. I’m a cranky hungry person so I need to make sure that I have enough of and the appropriate type of snack so as not to be enticed to make the wrong food choice or too lazy to make an appropriate choice. Eating less processed foods also makes a difference (ie when I eat my homemade soup versus from a can). Hidden sugars – keep an eye out for them. Food companies are super sneaky about how they hide sugar in food.
Belle Maison in
Fear can take over in many different forms to try to put the fire extinguisher on YOUR FEEL DAMN GOOD MOJO that you’ve got going on.
Diaby created some space for himself and fired wide.
'I'm going to beat the crap out of him. Sorry mum.'
I would love to get your support for this initiative. I think it’s got great potential but can’t work without help.
(These first three are in rapid succession.)
So this guy stomps into my office the other day and slams himself into my chair. It had been a few weeks since I’d seen him, so I knew that I hadn’t done anything to piss him off, so I stopped working and asked my dear acquaintance…”What the hell is wrong with you?” in my loving Dizzy tone. (made sure I identified him as an acquaintance before things get contorted on FB with lies of a secret love affairs at my office) “What do women want? I mean, what do yall like”, he replied. If you know me, you know I’m already starting to analyze him, his situation and his posture. I proceed with my disclaimer by asking “I can only tell you what “I” want as a woman. But I am surely not your average. If you want to know what average women want, your lunch break isn’t long enough for the convo. We could cut out alot of bullshit if you just tell me what happened. And I can tell you what you or she did wrong. And how to fix it.” So he goes into this looooooooooong drawn out story about this weekend New York trip he went on with his girl and her family. Now true, she did some messed up things during this trip, especially playing him/slightly disrespecting him in front of her family. But his solution to everything she did wrong was “I went OFF!” or “I flipped OUT” and the final one was “I just said fu*k it!” Which of course for most men means…(I stormed off, and reverted to my introverted ways of dealing with things. So I either left the location, or I lost myself in my video game, (insert sport here) game, or posted some jaded comment shit on Facebook). After he finished venting he said, “ya’ll are always PMSing!” Through my laughter I asked him, if he knew men had Man Periods. The blank stare….and also the readjustment of his manhood made me realize he had no idea what I was trying to convey.
“But I don’t get it, I watch the games. He’s really good!”
A piece of advice is easy to utter for those who are in need but it often inapplicable for myself for the similar situation. Seeing close ones around me getting stranger from time to time but me, still standing still here not willing to move forward...
I didn't talk too much about my last company, but most of you know that:
Some artists on the collection I was well familiar with. Others only from Cpt. Bodewell’s website, making this compilation one of the few ways I knew to acquire such new and unique sounds. So while the album is billed a passport, my only real criticism is that it still felt decidedly like the travels were simply around America, with the occasional jaunt to the U.K. for a few tracks. Though after opening the cover, I have to say I was very impressed with the interior design and look of the CD as a whole. Very clever, and with that I was ready to disembark.
So what I am trying to say here is NERDS RULE!
I love people watching and taking things in and this was a cool place to do it. Every color, shape, and size. The standers, the sitters, the swayers, the dancers, the shouters, the clappers…all there. Old, young…all there with hands raised.
Do I wear leather shoes? Yes. I'm not a vegan. As I said, it's not about personal purity. I don't see the point of that sort of approach and anyway, it's about doing what I can sustain and not give up on. I am attracted to veganism though. Someone will say how it can't possibly be good for one to be a vegan. Some of the best fell runners I've ever know have been vegans, so it can't be that bad. I try moving towards it now and again, but it's hard to do and I back off. Keep it personally do-able, sustainable.
COE: $14,751
The glory shall be thine.
The majority of this post was written in the late hours over Sunday night and Monday morning. When I came back to it late on Monday morning for my final review and edits, my PC simply refused to cooperate and proceeded to freeze up within just a few minutes after each restart. Assuming it “allows” me to get it published today, I think you might understand why, considering the post’s content, there’s just the tiniest part of me wondering if my “anxiety” over saying such things could’ve been “influencing” its “delicate” electronics.
“Fortune telling?” Derrek made a face. “I never did care for that sort of thing.”
teenage rape victims to death for “adultery”; of Muslims mutilating the
Basic Series Grammar & Usage
Now you’ve destroyed their spiritual life
Anyone else ever taken the Real Age test? Mine is 29.6 (my actual age is 35.4). Sounds good, right? But there are a few…issues. First off, who designed the nutritional analysis and why do they think it’s still 1965? They ask you to estimate how many servings of various vegetables you get per week, but offer only about 10 to choose from. OK broccoli is cool, cabbage sure, but where are all the other options? What about eggplant and zucchini and snow peas and bean sprouts and yams and…So they end up telling me I don’t get enough veggies, when I eat a couple of servings of veggies for both lunch and dinner. Do I need to start adding broccoli to my breakfast now?
And I just don’t get it.
Since moving back to Crown Heights a few years ago I've made an attempt to check out as many local food spots as possible with the intention of adding a little light and awareness to these generally small business that are a vital element of thriving communities.
Here at The Ad Contrarian World Headquarters, we have created a whole department devoted to documenting and archiving all the things related to advertising that are now supposed to be dead.
2-By faith, I need to receive God's love for me. I naturally love myself; I need to deny myself and let God love others through me.
Today I am talking about that little mess I call backpack mayhem....you know...all those papers that seem to multiply quickly and soon get stuck together if you don't deal with them pronto.
But the wide things cried, “Oh please don’t go… we like you being as fat as we are!”
so it's an easy hop to complete and will be so worth it!
Then, when he's taken to the witness room of the Joliet courthouse, William decides he is going to escape. When the guards allow him to go to the bathroom unsupervised, he climbs out the open window sill and launches himself twelve feet downwards to the grass.
Besides, “nothing is 100 per cent accurate; it is simply not possible.” All the same, Sharma had admitted then that “fingerprint quality had not been studied in the Indian context”. But since then UIDAI has released a study on proof of concept on authentications—and its findings are far from reassuring.
The Interminable Agency Clause: This clause in an author-agency agreement gives the agency the right to represent a sold property not just for the duration of any publishing contracts, but for the life of copyright. Writers' organizations warn against such clauses--for good reason.
1. Never go to bed without saying “I love you” to your spouse.
49. Do you like to keep your books organized?
It’s about learning from mistakes and not just focusing on all the things you wished you would’ve done differently. Everyone has those things. What’s important is the knowledge that when you make a mistake, your life is not over.
This is the one thing I bought that I was actually disappointed in. (Yes, at one point I had three diaper bags. WHAT?) The quality was so much lower than the other two bags I had, and the changing pad was essentially just a piece of unpadded plastic. I couldn't imagine using it on any hard surface. It looks like a great gender-neutral, dad-friendly bag, and I was initially happy with it....but once the other bags arrived and I looked at some of the other options (even the Skip Hop bags at Target) I realized how flimsy and inferior it was. A lot of people swear by the JuJu Be bags, but I'll never buy another one.
Needless to say, the second date was much better and led to many more dates. We got engaged a year later, and married a year after that. At our wedding for our first dance we chose At Last by Etta James. I know a lot of couples pick this song... it just says it all.
so i didn't have to worry about the overspray.
Fourth you can spray. I don't like to spray with toxic materials in the garden. I stick with safer things. For powdery mildew you can spray a 10% solution of milk diluted with water. Since I don't usually have milk in the house, I spray my plants with a mixture of worm compost tea and aspirin (3/4 of a tablet per gallon of water - aspirin has been shown to switch on a tomato's own disease fighting mechanisms). If it is a very wet year, I alternate the above spray with Seranade. Seranade's active ingredient is a bacteria that destroys spores.
* parents are pretty much expected to turn up, I get the impression you get a black mark against your name if you don't make it to most if not all, and yes, there is more than 1 per term - double joy.
Dots and Stripes paper pack.
Titles include "Can't Kick the Habit," "T.B. Blues," a revival of "Junker's Blues" -- along with the stomping "Nasty Boogie" and treatments of the ancient themes "Stack-O-Lee" and "Frankie & Johnny."
I love Mister BS. Our relationship is not uncomplicated, and like any couple, we sometimes disagree or upset one another. But I can’t imagine life without him or a better partner for me.
Now for some old pics, so this isn't simply a wall of text post. These are my earliest Deff Kopta conversions, the "Deff Choppas".
NB Piet's new book, Piet Boon III, has just been released worldwide by Lanoo publishers. I've already put it on Christmas Wish List.
Maxine Waters, as one of the leading voices of the liberal wing of the Democratic Party in the House of Representatives, should be able to press the president day after day on every policy to try and push the legislation - and the country - in a more progressive direction. But what congressional members are seeing, and especially Democratic - and especially especially very liberal Democratic - members are seeing, is the president continually extending the olive branch to Republicans, watching them spit in his face, and then watching him wipe the spit off and extend the olive branch again. They're feeling as though he's continually trying to work across the aisle, but by doing so has forgotten about the people who supported him and elected him in the first place.
I love students to work together in math! Having students teach their neighbor and work together on a problem is so rewarding for me and for the students. I usually incorporate this in every lesson. The students always have a worksheet that is front and back. The front side we do together and the backside is independent work. I mix up how they work together often though. One day they will complete the front of the sheet as a group, the next day they complete the front alone then share with their neighbor what they got.
I have a fairly eclectic style, working with stamping, digital and multimedia and altered art, although crafting in one form or another has been part of my life since childhood. When I found cardmaking, and particularly rubber stamping, etc, around 10 or so years ago, it was almost life changing for me - I became addicted! This is well evidenced by the amount of stash I have, and very little space left in my craft room. I love colour and working with it and the results were so immediate.
stamps- SNSS Wildflowers and Many Thanks (sentiment)
As they prepared to leave, the Pope summoned them to come over.
Go ahead and grill it on an outdoor BBQ or even in an oven for a max of 3 to 4 minutes each side. I tried one batch in the frying pan, but that means you have to add oil and I ended up making a mess. But not everyone's like me, so go ahead and fry it if that's more convenient.
Vin de Pays d'Oc, 2006,
14. The Promised Land
(most will be served with grilled chicken or fish since the weather is so nice)!!
This is a great project for your kids to do. Teaches them about recycling AND helping others. For every 100 tops, you raise about $1.00! Little steps to making a difference!!!
I'm so glad that I didn't make any rash decisions in those first few horrible days. As I've gotten my energy back I've felt a renewed motivation, and I think it's rubbed off on Hal also. I've been able to find projects to work on from home to keep me busy. Hopefully things will really get rolling as soon as we get back from Scotland. I have a good feeling!
In 1989 the American historian and explorer Paolo Greer discovered a map from 1874 which also showed the location and name of the Machu Picchu mountain, but again without any mention of the ruins. This map had been created by the German geologist Herman Gohring who had been part of an expedition in 1872 led by an explorer from Cusco by the name of Baltasar de la Torre. De la Torre’s hoped to find a route from Cusco, via the town of Paucartambo, to the jungles of Madre de Dios. He managed to reach the jungle but once there came into contact with one of the local tribes who, with 35 of their arrows, soon put
He uses Gaurav’s office for his enjoyment and they don’t want to be disturbed. So Vinay suggest Gaurav to hire a Personal Secretary, Gaurav likes the ides and subsequently Srishti gest a job as a Personal secretary of Mr. Gaurav.
Now, let's move on to Elle. My sweet yet sassy little lady. So, we have learned the art of ignoring. How a three year old can master this concept is beyond me. She is also really good at changing the subject in the blink-of-an-eye. I frequently have to hold her cheeks so that she will stare at me so I can talk to her. Then she says "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes....MOMMY" until I shut up. Awesome! On the other hand, she gives kisses like they are going out of style and loves to play with my hair. She hasn't learned how to be gentle yet, but we are trying. She has to do everything herself even though it takes forever. I am pretty sure I have peed my pants a bit because I am holding it in while waiting for her to decided to get out of her car seat and get in the house. Then she will look at me and say "Mommy, I am trying, please hold on!!" So, Sorry! Her attitude is refreshing though, and I know that she is just being a true 3 year old. As a friend of mine said (little shout-out to Jessica H.) "You want that attitude because you know she will be able to hold her own when she gets older." I am pretty sure I butchered what she said...but it was something like that. We love dancing (especially Dancing with the Stars), so we are about to embark on our first dance class on June 3rd. Fun! She has a unique sense of style too. When picking out some new PJ's the other day, she did not choose the monkey, frogs, ice-cream cones, or butterflys. No, my daughter chose the...crab. She said "whooooo, crabs." Again...Awesome.
Eight-year old Khadim spends his days at a brick kiln, working to pay off a small debt inherited from his deceased parents. He is charged room and board in excess of his wages so that regardless of how hard he labors, the debt is sure to grow. From dawn until dusk, Khadim lugs around heavy clay bricks. First, he totes them out of the kiln so that they can bake in the hot sun, and he then carries them back into the kiln once they’ve dried. He tries to keep pace with his adult co-laborers, but he is only a boy and often falls behind, drawing angry shouts from his overseer.
I can easily say that this is the best Cabarnet Sauvignon I have tried thus far in my Wine journey.
In between being depressed and knowing I am soon going to be in heaven with green grass and Spring flowers and warm sun.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet and saute the chicken. Add onion, garlic, mushrooms, and green pepper in the skillet and saute together until softened. Add steamed rice in the pan and stir-fry together. Sprinkle some salt and pepper. Stop the heat and add ketchup and mix well. Set the seasoned rice aside.
Actress, talk show host, Harpo Productions, vegan for 21 days starting 5/18/08?
In other words: The ATF managers in the know were “effectively muzzled while the DOJ sent over false denials and buried its head in the sand,” as GOP Rep. Darrell Issa, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Sen. Charles Grassley, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, concluded in July.
If you don’t understand this when you start, you will learn very quickly as almost straight away you will have ground school exams to study for. Of course, private fliers won’t have as many exams as those of us building a career in aviation however there are still many to complete.
“#yr11asbhs remember that your homework is due today.”
Think on that for a bit. No really, stop and think. Don’t read on unless you have taken a moment to think about what you just read. As I read I wondered, “Do I have anybody who is my one fixed point in my changing age?” As I considered my musing, for a moment I concluded “no.” Everyone and everything seemed to be changing and churning around me, and not particularly pleasantly mind you. But then a notion hit me. “Yes,” I do have a one fixed point in my changing age. God. It was a comforting thought. Not to be disrespectful, but it was sort of like it dawned on me, “Good old God! You are the one fixed point in a changing age.” Ah! What a truly miraculously comforting thought! To have a point, ever, ever fixed, regardless of how much might change around you! No matter if He is the only fixed point! He is the only real fixed point you need! All you must do is rely, and that’s the tough part. Really not just realize in word, “Yes, He is my fixed point,” but to begin to act and trust like you believe what you say to yourself, like you believe the truth.
John Stott comments on Romans 1:5, “through whom we have received grace and apostleship to bring about the obedience of faith for the sake of his name among all the nations.”
Elvira was born Cassandra Peterson on 17 September 1951 in Manhattan, Kansas, and raised in Colorado Springs. She became a Las Vegas showgirl when she was just 17 years old, appearing in Viva Les Girls at the Dunes. She made her TV debut doing a guest appearance on Seymour's Fright Night on KHJ-TV in Los Angeles, featuring Larry Vincent as Seymour, the weekly horror movie host. Ironically, Cassandra would, herself, eventually become a horror movie host on that same station several years after Larry's death, thus getting her start as Elvira.
Im excited to add new sections to my shop!!!! Now instead of only "KrystalsJewelry," I'm now "Krystals Jewelry & Designs!" I havent figured out if I wanted to change my etsy shop name... I dont know If i should do that now before its too late or to just leave it? any ideas????
6. Intermission
Proclaim LIBERTY! Powerful stuff then. Powerful stuff now.
I told my sis-in-law that Rob had died from carbon monoxide poisoning with the generator. There was absolute dead silence at the other end of the phone. My sis-in-law got quite choked up and I was caught off guard that she’d take it so badly as I was expecting her to be like me and find it comforting to know he’d not suffered. Everyone is different.
What I was most aware of was how absent she seemed. She was pleasant and tried to accommodate the family’s plans but I had the sense that she was only partially present. She seemed bored and a few times, out of the corner of my eyes, I caught her roll hers as if there was little of the conversation she could relate to. I imagine she was thinking we would not be able to relate to her life either. That is probably true.
The Cain brouhaha nicely illustrates the definition of sexual harassment: a sexual advance from an unattractive man. Attractive men's sexual overtures we strangely never hear much about, because they're accepted by the object of the overture.
She shook her head to give a flippant “no, I just meddle with the stuff their babies are made of, trying to make healthier children. Rather like baking a cake to mix up bits of the parents and create something greater than the sum.”
I recently moved back to Michigan after graduating from law school, and basically in my first interaction with other people (non-LDS), someone asked me out on a date.
Then I learned that I need more of a light source than just a flashlight. I think I will invest in some hurricane lamps and lamp oil. I hate the thought of burning anything inside the house but if circumstances call for extremes I think I would be more than grateful to have the light source.
Like ships that overloaded sink,
So to honor MCA, I'm making today's post all things music. Or at least one thing music -- my unused playlist from the Nashville marathon. Remember how my ear bud kept falling out, and I wasn't feeling music in general that day. This marathon playlist is basically my most recent half marathon playlist, upgraded to full. And of course every playlist of mine includes at least one Beastie Boys song. Obligatory, for life.
But I like knowing what I want. "Know thyself" and all that good stuff.
1. An Dro Nevez
3. Put our past behind us. Phil 3:13-14 “Forgetting what’s behind and straining toward what is ahead. I press on toward the Goal.” Said Paul. Yes, we fall constantly, but we will need to get up just like a baby learning to walk. Thomas Edition has this to say “Don’t call it a failure, call it an education! Now you know what didn’t work”
But I thought I read somewhere that Washington and Jefferson died penniless. I'll have to check on it.
*Then it was time to move. That, ladies and gentlemen, was an epic disaster. It rained all weekend, so we did it in fits and spurts in between the rain. It took a total of 3 days and counting. We finally have pretty much everything except the computer. That comes over today. My dad, my brother, Keith and Jeff (The Girl's boyfriend) actually did the bulk of the work to be honest. My sister helped me pack.
Here is my response to that:
And every one who is my child here tonight, you are already a star and your star will be getting bigger, it will be getting brighter in the Mighty name of Jesus.
Only the dumbed-down brainless ignorants could see this as positive.
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Edward Evans at eevans3@bloomberg.net
It’s not easy to write in a natural, light, contemporary kind of way for the commercial, girl-oriented market – though many writers think it IS easy! So when Anne-Marie came into my inbox, I was immediately interested. Though the manuscript was rough in some ways, she definitely had the voice, and the ability to be entertaining, even funny, but also give the reader a twist of something deeper and more moving. And that’s the tough bit – getting how humour and sadness can (and generally do) coexist within the same life, the same sentence.
soul is getting along well."
Welcome to the fifth blog on various CSC’s from around the world. This week have have Tom Selleck Supporters Club (@TomSelleckCSC). Tom Selleck have been around the social media spectrum for a while now, and I’ve only just came to realise the evil geniuses behind the Club and what they do! Various “Missions” have been discussed to further enhance the various goals of the wider Celtic community, rest assured our lips are sealed! Onward to the Q&A.
I've been a banker, marketing director, comedy writer, college instructor, and possibly the worst runway mode ever.
**Keep in mind that the average age of the survey participants was 46.2 years old. Women made up 82 percent of the respondents; men, 18 percent. Which makes more sense because the older you get the harder dating becomes and the more likely one is to be settled in “their ways.”
21 is there an obligation to provide someone else to do the work if you are unavailable?
Last weekend I had such a fun adventure with my Blogger Buddies, Jamie (http://mngirlinla.com/) & Erin going to visit the horses often featured on her http://horsingaroundinla.wordpress.com/ blog. Growing up, I loved horses; riding & being around them. As I have grown up, I have become more nervous around them & rarely have the chanch to hang out with them. We started our day over at The Los Alamitos Race Track in Orange County to see some of Erin’s 4 legged buds get their run & practice in. It was a gorgeous morning to be at the track; surrounded by trees & blossoming flowers. I think some people would be surprised that there is such a great track in the heart of OC!
only to end up back
So it’s not surprising that after the Making New Waves festival (2006), I started to visualize apple trees installed in art galleries. Built entirely from locally sourced materials – brought to the gallery by members as well as the public – offering a creative hub and opportunity to share stories about apples, apple trees, apple recipes – anything to do with apples, and make a creative apple to hang on the tree. I submitted the project to a few artist run centers in Canada, but as yet, there are no takers.
I’ve also realized that this has caused distances within my friendships. I know that I’m a difficult person to live with because of this, and I may be a difficult person to be around (especially when it’s in my home) in general. But is this the reason I can’t keep long term friendships?
child endangerment and driving
Lord Dormir: Well what do you know? We ARE outside.
Nobody wants to raise teenage girls (here in this world)
'For God's sakes, don't drop it on your foot or you'll break a toe,' joked Tartarus. I laughed. It really was VERY BAD.
Art licensing is a huge industry. As an artist, you can license your work to companies that can manufacture and sell your artwork on a dizzying variety of items, from greeting cards and calendars to umbrellas and rain boots. You can get paid a lump sum or an initial fee plus royalties.
Combine flour and instant yeast in a mixing bowl.
Between the school and the nearby church the land sloped gently to a small stream. Really a trickle, less than three feet wide and water level below one foot. I don’t know where it started but it came from north-east of the school, bent right and after a short distance turned left and flowed to a canal far to the south. The water was absolutely clear. One could even watch the tiny fish moving in the creek. They
Following the WOYWW post of yesterday, I really was not sure what I would end up with if anything... However in the end I was pleased with the result.
AKA The cursed movie that proves lighting can strike a production more than once. On top of several planes being struck by lightning that were all carrying various members of the creative team, on Friday the 13th of August 1976, special effect consultant John Richardson crashed his car in Holland. His assistant was sliced through by the car's front wheel. Scrambling out of the wreckage, Richardson looked up and saw a road sign: Ommen, 66.6km. I've never seen a road sign that reads 66.6km, wouldn't it be 67? Fucking Holland.
It's like the Times decided right around the time of the early-2000s Jayson Blair scandal, that their God-given mission in life was, in order of importance and frequency of "activist journalism" to :
6 It's Always The Way 6:33
Another covering layer will be added then I’ll have fun stamping and dripping and deciding what they will become. Oh such fun and such a great challenge too…
1. I love to talk about myself. It's true!
I’m over here trashing this film like no other but I honestly can’t say that I didn’t laugh at this because believe it or not, there were a couple of real chuckles that come out of me during this one. I knew what to expect from The Stooges right beforehand so all of the hitting and biting was a little annoying for me, but the moments when Larry is dropping puns out the wah-zoo all had me laughing and even a couple of other wise-cracks throughout the film had me cracking up too. Probably my favorite part of this whole movie that may be worth the price of admission (that is, if you go to see this) is when Moe gets to go on “Jersey Shore” and he practically beats the crap out of every cast member, Stooges style. It was very funny to see not only because I would love to see these bastards actually get beat up like this in real-life, but because it showed a pop-culture reference that actually worked here even though having the cast on is pretty much a pop-culture reference in and of itself.
Two men took Rook’s arms and two took her legs and they swung her back and forth like a pendulum in front of the fire.
I've learned so much on this journey we call life - I've learned some hard lessons along the way, things I wish I never had to learn; but I've also learned so many things I'm grateful for having learned. Here are a few of them:
Knowing this, the heroes mounted the hill of skulls, estimating at least a billion skulls make up the hill. They quickly determine the outer passages are a waste of time, being choked full of skulls, while the middle entrance leads to a long wide hall covered in paintings and frescoes on the walls and ceiling. The floor is made up of floor tiles, and tiles of red ceramic form a pathway winding along down the hallway. Poppy the elf has an amazing perception and she was able to creep slowly down the hallway detecting traps. She found a series of concealed pits, each covered by a trapdoor. Moving to the first on, she had her allies tie a rope around her waist while she crept out onto the trapdoor. It remained firm until she crossed the halfway mark and started to put her weight on the second door, where-upion she could tell it would spring open. On the wall before her was a chest jutting out of the painting and after a few nervous moments she found the invisible lever, which did nothing but open the pit she was standing above. The rope held her safe, and she could see spikes in the floor of the pit. Looking closer, she saw a few gems scattered between the spikes which were wet, possibly with poison. Mage hand netted them a total of six 50 gold piece value gems in ruby.
"You must be really pissed".
Z is a very shy letter that rarely interacts with our vocabulary on a daily basis. We always say from “A-Z” (actually we don’t even say that very much) and it’s here that Z gets its greatest exposure. The number 0 is, by contrast, very popular and it’s here Z could get some much needed press, but sadly the number is more meaningful as a typed out hole rather than a word.
Jess Tyhimba – Leadbelly
Do you go nuts for thick, shiny hair? You should.
"We must live for God out of the prayer closet if we want to meet God in the prayer closet. We must bless God with praying lives if we want to have God's blessing in the prayer closet. We must do God's will in our lives if we want to have God's ear in the prayer closet. .....If we want to have have God's presence in the prayer closet, God must have us out of the prayer closet. There is no way of praying to God, except by living to God. The prayer closet is not a confessional, simply, but the hour of holy communion, of high and sweet communication, and of intense intercession."
Farther out on Highway 20, in the other direction toward the hinterlands, the Oregon Department of Transportation blew up and bulldozed the Earth to create a new stretch of the highway that would bypass Eddyville, a tiny-bit-of-nothing town with a well-used church, and where it’s hard to tell whether people really do live in the few houses that lean behind rusted trucks that sit upon blocks. ODOT stopped blowing up things, though; a project engineer made some miscalculations in his mathematics, The whole she-bang, nearly completed after eight years of construction, has been shut down. The new stretch of highway will never open for traffic use.
It all began the year previous at WrestleMania when Undertaker toppled Batista to win the belt and Mr Kennedy won Money in the Bank. An injury to Kennedy saw Edge weasel his way to the briefcase before a torn rotator cuff put Taker out and he was flattened by Mark Henry and then finally pinned by Edge to lose the belt.
Once Jillian discovered the infidelity, she wanted to know if George had left her with any other little surprises. Jillian went to her doctor for a complete STD panel of tests and luckily for him, she came back clean. Had George left her with something, Jillian would have cut his balls off
It would also be a lot more fun then talking to a customer service representative.
from way earlier. Some of the tracks appeared on other
I have been reading a book on this trip. “The Snow Leopard” by Peter Matthiessen is the story of an American Buddhist traveling from Kathmandu to the Crystal Monastery in the Himalayas of Nepal. He and his scientist friend were there to observe and record the habits of the bharal or Blue Sheep of the Himalayas. It is a very interesting travelogue, a great introduction into the basics of Buddhism and very insightful about the human condition. It is my habit to read the works of those whose political, economic and religious beliefs conflict with mine, I find they help me refine my own beliefs through contrast.
According to the police report, extensive “security renovations” were done at the private residence of Mthethwa in KwaMbonambi after Mdluli conducted a risk assessment in May 2010.
So was Robinson’s sentence appropriate?
The producers explain that when they are behind the camera, they have the privilege to witness really amazing things, really private things, and some really dark moments in these people’s lives. However, they know that the reason that the show is a success is because of the people they interview’s willingness to allow them into their lives. But I was still confused as to why these people wanted to broadcast their addictions and their problems. This episode answered that question. They explained that although every individual has their own personal reason for being on the show, the majority of them do it with the hopes of helping someone watching. These individuals are mustering the courage to tell their embarrassing, scary stories, knowing that there is probably at least one person in the world watching the show that is going through the same thing. Hopefully, when the viewers see these stories, they can learn something and can turn their own lives around.
King’s Tun
The bank was all picked. That was the easy part.
4) No one is more creative than Becca, she draws, she blogs, and she's quite the cutie as well, so I'm proud to award one of these to her.
After about an hour of very, very intense contractions my progress was assessed again. To the surprise of the Midwife, I hadn't dilated much, still at 4cm. She offered to break the water to get things going and oh my did it ever. It's now after 4 p.m.
68. Kings Of Last Call-From Memory (Self-Released)
Cost of living in South Africa is HIGHER, and the standard of living is LOWER: Unless you are a super-elite living in Sandton, or a happy tree-dweller delighting in still remaining in the caves, you’ll notice that the only things more affordable in SA than the rest of the world are the things that will kill you. Cigarettes and booze - undeniably cheaper in South Africa than most countries, but that does not compensate for the skyrocketing cost of living here. I used to pride myself on showing off to my British friends about the low cost of living in South Africa. In 2010, even fuel prices are closing the gap on the developed world. A litre of milk is drop-for-drop cheaper in Britain. A box of Corn Flakes is far cheaper, and all-round shopping is generally on par with, or cheaper - in Britain. How do they manage to sell Mrs. Balls IMPORTED chutney in Britain for 50c less than you can buy it at Pick n Pay? Ahhh, that’s right - lower margins mean higher customer satisfaction. Do you think that PnP’s “inspired by you” slogan means that? No, it means “Inspired by profits to be made off you at YOUR expense, because that’s what everyone does”. Our cell phone costs are among the highest in the world, yet we claim to be a developing country. We used to be a powerhouse, now we’re poor as a church mouse. In the past we could boast that house rentals were so much cheaper than the UK. Granted, houses are generally bigger here, and gardens are more generous, but there isn’t really an advantage to being in SA, property-wise. Plus, the added costs to maintain a garden we don’t really use, are restrictive.
Method of Viewing: DVD
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel” is supposed to be India’s answer for the UK’s most elegant retirees – a place where they can spend their golden years surrounded by lush amenities – that is, until seven retirees who are in need of a transformation find themselves on the front steps of the not-quite-ready resort.
Cercas: Oh, so you were the one, were you?
Sometimes you need a little pick me up and while I didn’t just make these oh so delicious strawberries, just thinking about them gave me a nice chuckle and I decided now was a great time to post them. A little digression about me is that when I was growing up I had a tendency to get injured – bloody noses, a broken bone, busted up face, you know usual kid stuff. Well I thought I had outgrown this, but my body right now tells a different story. Last Thursday I ended up with the imprint of the soccer ball on my left leg and now it is a nice everyday changing color type of bruise. Mind you I got this bruise right after my other huge bruise on the same leg healed. To top off matters I got my first bloody nose in a long time last night at soccer. Let’s just say when a 5’1” gal jumps for the ball against a 6’0” guy, well there is a good chance that his elbow will meet the gal’s face. Immediately post the accident, the guy asked if I was alr
In heaven, there will be no more tears and nothing to fear. In heaven, there will be no more death and no source for pain. In heaven, all will be well and beautiful. In heaven, there will be an eternity of Peace and Love and Light. If indeed this is true, I cannot wait to live it for myself.
What: the world around me. My children. The things people say. Newspapers, television, the internet. The past and the present.
2 teaspoons vanilla
This is going to be my last post about the most recent trip we made to Vietnam. Phew! I wanted to show these two places to those of you who might make a trip to Ho Chi Minh City in the future and those who might not have a chance to visit there, but would be interested in seeing what Reunification Palace and Ben Thanh Market in Saigon/Ho Chi Minh City look like.
"Whatever the cause,” said Cahill, “it’s not recent. The causal event obviously happened around nine or ten months ago – that’s when people stopped getting pregnant. There may be a small chance that we can get some idea of what’s going on if we look at records of possible outbreaks or unusual activity between nine and ten months ago. Maybe -"
The news article that I discuss in “Burkhard Admits Crime is on the Rise in Valencia County” is based on a piece by Kim Vallez of KOB, from November 2, 2011. That article precedes the news about “an uptick” in contraband smuggling attempts into the Valencia County Detention Center by about one month and both problems began to garner publicity approximately one year after Burkhard had been elected Sheriff of Valencia County. So, not only is the social misfit crime rate increasing, but the number of corrections officers involved in smuggling contraband into the jail is on the rise, as well. This seems consistent with the tolerance for misconduct that I have observed from The Man. The Man appears to have zero leadership potential.
Sadly it's not the Star Wars John Williams. It would've been great seeing Cleo Laine trying to sciddly diddly daddly doodlie her way through Darth Vader's march of menace.
Commissioner King may have a little trouble answering for this years mess (aka Pineapplegate). Perhaps he should be asking New York’s “only student advocate” Gov. Cuomo. Just where does that buck stop?
(Note: I had to make this weeks words fit in with my story for National Novel Writing Month because my brain isn’t flexible enough to start an entirely new story today. Website for National Novel Writing Month is http://www.nanowrimo.org/en/about/hownanoworks )
it was just the three of us, all night long, in a cold hospital room.
And this old mum was on the receiving on some special treasures too.
From this anyone can easily observe that Mohammed is a destroyer of our Lord Christ and His kingdom, and if anyone denies concerning Christ, that He is God’s Son and has died for us, and still lives and reigns at the right hand of God, what has he left of Christ? Father, Son, Holy Ghost, Baptism, the Sacrament, Gospel, Faith and all Christian doctrine and life are gone, and there is left, instead of Christ, nothing more than Mohammed with his doctrine of works and especially of the sword. That is the chief doctrine of the Turkish faith in which all abominations, all errors, all devils are piled up in one heap.
or you simply feel more than others
Now, though, we learn that a Chinese firm has been "secretly" copying an entire UNESCO-listed village in Austria, called Hallstatt. Residents of the original town are "scandalized," Der Spiegel reports, by these "plans to replicate the village—including its famous lake—in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong."
10. Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town by Fred Astaire
The first is the professional deformation that journalists and fictional storytellers experience in their hunt for non-boring Man Bites Dog stories.You make more money coming up with interesting stories about anomalies than for pointing out the same old same old.
duo of duck
BBC Worldwide has announced that Arthur Darvill (Rory Williams), will be joining Matt Smith and Steven Moffat at the ultimate Doctor Who fan event in Cardiff’s Millennium Centre next March.
Steven Ngubane, Margate SAPF detective, arrested June 7 for attempted murder of tuck shop owner, Masinenge squatter camp
1 loaf bread ( buttered and cut diagonally)
76. Regina Carter - Don't Mess With Mr. T (6:17)
1 ayy
The warming sensation is the main factor that made me want to purchase this cleanser. I really love it! It doesn't stay warm the entire time, but it really feels great on your skin. Makes washing my face really enjoyable. Afterwards my face feels very clean without making my skin feel dry or tight.
Game on, indeed. Dead Cert? In this league, you HAVE to be joking.
Anyways, they were sore, but I was able to play the rest of the night....and my Sunday league game went fine.
HHH says it has changed a bit, but Punk said that is the problem. It’s only changed a bit, he has busted his ass, had nothing handed to him, yet the fans always chanted his name. He goes back to how he laid that first imaginary “brass ring” back in 2006, the night before Survivor Series, his first PPV. He teamed with DX that night, and the crowd in Philly wasn’t chanting for DX, they were chanting for CM Punk. He grabbed it that night, yet WWE didn’t go anywhere with him.
As I walked my first cross country course ever, my trainer told me the first fence would be "inviting." HAHAHA. Yeah...any other XC course but this one. I swear that the first fence was 3'. (Also side note: how is BN beginner?!! It is by no means tiny!) A rolled coop lifted off the ground with flowers and decaying pumpkins underneath. All I could think was "Oh my God I'm not even going to make it past the first fence."
and the eyes of my people blacker than embers,
After a carnival sideshow worker (Chaney) is the only survivor from a mass electrocution during a traffic accident, the world's leading electro-biologists (Hinds) invites him to become a research subject so the reason for his survival can be discerned. The scientist's evil assistant, however, subjects the unsuspecting man to illicit experiments that turn him into an electrically charged superhuman killer.
By the way, I started knitting a "nothing" last night. Read the post below to see what that's all about!
It isn’t real.
Well, I promise I am in LOVE with this little guy:
Fax: 714-850-1163
Distribution Box: I inspect the distribution box for corrosion, leakage and cracks. I also make sure the D-Box is level to ensure equal flow to each pipe in the leaching field. EDA, ( Effluent Disposal Area ) or Leaching Field. I will determine the location and size of the EDA. Test hole's are hand dug in different locations throughout the EDA. This allows me to examine the condition of the EDA as well as how much saturation is present. A full evaluation of the EDA is critical in determining the overall condition of the septic system.
-62% of men admitted that they regularly come up with excuses to AVOID filling the empty pot, including faking meetings and urgent phone calls.
Day 7: Favourite
I would love to see how you feel about this! Do you recognize the value of it or do you think it’s just more bull crap? Take a minute and leave a comment. What does gratitude mean to you? Here are a few more things that I have listed on my Gratitude List:
Me: (hitting head against wall) Yeah, well, I have to run. Thanks for talking (sarcastically).
The key to creation has always been to remain in our Presence, but as we were clearing our unconscious mis-creations, this was seemingly a daunting task. When we are incessantly surrounded by the false reality of lack, we naturally don’t want to be present with ourselves….but the paradox is that the present moment is the only portal to divinity, which consequently frees us from suffering.
40. Quick Draw McGraw
Well, fellow sewers I have the Super-Duper sewing machine. Yes, you heard right I begged, borrowed and borrowed some more for the Topaz 30.
Happy eastern. And if you have a different religion (or you're not religious at all) just enjoy the music...
Editor’s Note: Jim Webb and Michael Mooney knew each in the old neighborhood back in Philadelphia. Many, many, maybe too many? ... no, it’s all about the journey, right? Okay. Years later, events fell from the stars in such a way that Jim found himself living in Santa Fe and Michael living in Taos. Both, truly die hard music fans, write in an almost esoteric, conscious streaming that is reminiscent of fine jazz (Michael) and blues (Jim). Stay tuned and enjoy.
Without much further ado, let’s tackle Monday with much gusto!
- 9″ L x 5″ H,23 x 13 cm
A physician's assistant.
With which we're tired, my heart and I.
I’m about halfway through reading Peter Balakain’s book, and reading between the lines, I’m seeing a shocking resemblance to what’s happening in South Africa right now!
That's a little bipolar humor, y'all. Think about it for a minute...
Trevor (step-son - 12) seems to be a touch ADD also in my opinion but my opinion doesn't matter much with his mom. LOL He's a wonderful kid and fit right in with my kids from the very beginning. I expected him to have a hard time since he was an only child and doted on by both of his parents. He shares his dad very well though with my kids. The biggest issue we tend to have with him is that he has a bad habit of lying. Other than that though, he's a wonderful little boy with more girlfriends that we can keep up with. (He's got his dad's charm and wit.)
-Allen
OK she also asked for the funniest moment. This is so hard to choose from but I remember this one time just after we were married I caught him and my son having a food fight. I know it may not seem so funny written out like that, but I walked in to see a 30 year old man and 7 year old boy throwing spaghetti at each other. I thought this kind of stuff only happened on TV, yet here it was going on in my kitchen. They did clean it up afterward though.
Well, it was now or never, and I knew I had to start.
Please hang in here with me....if you are still here. My posts will likely not be as substantive as before life as I knew it changed, but I really hope to get back on the stick. I hope you will be with me for the ride.
I can deftly avoid the attentions of Carter Ruck by handing a hospital-link to The Independent for this next bit – which, on the very same day as my telephoned warning, observed in a well-crafted story that
Well, busy week, and I'm exhausted. BUT. Maryland Sheep and Wool was epic - I'll post more about it and what I bought on Friday, I expect. For now, a quick Work in Progress!
3) Do your volunteer work, research, consulting and document the process on your blog.
I should also mention that despite her occasional shopping breaks, she was a GINORMOUS help on MOVE-IN DAY... as were Mimi, Big Daddy, Handsome Hubby, and Sweet Son. Makes me feel like bustin' out a little "It's a Family Affair"... digressing again.
Sure enough, there it was……
Dark, twisted spires, pulverising and piercing clean ventricles. Blackened, hollowed out veins, blue from lack of oxygen, loosely falling through a vessel.
This reminded me of the story of the treacley Mather’s Black Beer being mixed with rum, and there’s another strong, syrupy drink I can think of – green ginger wine, sometimes mixed half and half with whisky to make the classic Whisky Mac.
Cut 4 strips of main fabric 2"x40" for the ruffles.
The line-up for the night will feature four sets:
Time for nomination !
Master Kuthumi and Lord Hilarion
In the ANC run New SA private security companies are hired to protect SA Police stations. Private security guards patrol police installations and one of these days private security would be needed to protect police while on patrol.
Monstrosity is about 3 guys that make a crime fighting Golem because a girlfriend of the guys' was killed by a psycho. When the Golem is completely made and comes to life, the 3 guys name it "Frankie" and they immediately teach it to read, talk, and fight crime (killing actually). One night, after killing the psycho, Frankie saves a punk girl named "Jaimie" and takes her back to his crib (an old & cramped shack) where he kisses her and pokes her eye. The two weirdos immediately fall in love. Frankie's creators do not approve of this romance at all.
I couldn't resist updating the background a bit as well. Same color scheme, just a fun new pattern!
My living room is quiet tonight. No laughing. No flickering candles. No pondering life, the universe and everything. Just me tip-tapping on the computer keyboard. It’s a bit sad, but it’s also very nice because the echos are still so alive in here.
Then Sunday arrived...
Marvin Junior – baritone lead
If succeeding would be boring or kill the story, make the target number impossible or nearly so.
Thank you for helping our chapters identify outstanding women as potential new members of Zeta Tau Alpha.
Montevideo, Uruguay
. . . And you
Happy trails and cheers!
And wants the same things too
The Story of Tank
I’m sure that these things aren’t ever thought of a collective level – here is no “we” level of decision making. But at a personal level then do we acknowledge this dependence? Am I now troubled that I am dependent on natural resources from elsewhere in the world?
But Pigou said Frank Chikane, the director general in the presidency under Mbeki, and Trevor Fowler, who currently holds the post, produced affidavits saying no report or supporting documentation exits and the generals reported only orally to Mbeki.
I'm totally cheating.
I just keep wonderin' where the time does fly?
#330 Charlie Hayes - Another cool Rookie Card, this of the much traveled Hayes, whose rookie year stats in 7 games were 1-11 (.091 AVG) with 3 strikeouts. He'd go on to lead the National League in doubles in 1993 and win a World Series with the Yankees in 1996.
3. Cut everyone else’s hair in the night so it’s shorter than yours. Then you shall have the longest hair in the land.
I chose to use chips and salsa for my appetizer and chicken fajitas for my main course.
I hope everyone is ready for Spring and for a refreshing of the mind and crafting adventures...lol
Yes, it was commuting time, we're time-constrained, but we have an acclaimed musician, and out of 1,097 passengers, only seven stopped to listen.
“It’s not like a phone call you need to schedule or having to sit down and write a letter. It’s all at your fingertips instantly when required,” he says.
Our heroine, like many a Bennett before her, has two suitors: Leonard Bankhead, the biochem major from semiotics class, and Mitchell Grammaticus (what did I say about these names?), the religious studies guy who emerges from his long library sojourn with Meister Eckhart with the total conviction that Madeleine is his soul mate.
Since then, Mac’s life has been turned upside down. She is being haunted by Amy in her dreams, and an extremist group called the Trackers has come to Mac’s hometown of Hemlock to hunt down Amy’s killer: A white werewolf.
let the clouds shower it down.
“Odd,’ he said. ‘Very odd. How do you account for young Bingo carrying on like this?’
You are invited to download the work at home and then bring along your iPod/iPhone/mp3 player and listen to it in our “auditorium”; or alternatively, you can pick up a pre-loaded iPod at the door (limited numbers available).
I’ve also heard that you have to continue filing tax returns for ten years after giving up your citizenship.
Do you sometimes like to dream that you are drifting away on calm seas on a luxury yacht, stretched out on a banana lounge, shading umbrella overhead, with a tall cool glass of something soothing, while the sun shines in the blue sky? Me too, especially in winter.
What could drive Nintendo to actually bring Mother to the west?
My father had retired from politics as a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and had become Chad’s father’s political godfather. It was during the course of their blooming relationship that I had been introduced to Chad.
Something struck me in the National Statistics Office's definition of family:
I just wanted to send an extra shout out to those who have recently started following me! *waving* To all my new friends and long time followers, you're the reason why I continuously post so thank you for making this fun for me.
Fire is an amazing triumph and the story of its creation is staggering, the ultimate tale of D.I.Y. band handling its business and scoffing at those who told them “no.”
Zephaniah 3:13
I cant express how much I love it. The designs are beautiful, the animation is excellent, it is funny (if you’re living in Israel) and to sum it up in one word: FUN.
"A Prince and his lady lived in their palace with two children, a son and a daughter. When the young prince was twenty he got married and lived in the family castle, as is proper. The girl, on the other hand, had extravagant ideas. She systematically refused all marriage proposals, having sworn that she would marry no one save a prince who had a blue beard.
What makes a classic Ritz Hotel? It must have the finest chef, and for it to be Ritz there should be at least a fleeting reference to classical French haute cuisine in the menu. During the Belle epoch/Edwardian period, it became socially acceptable for the upper classes, especially women, to eat out, and Ritz cuisine had an outstanding reputation for excellence.
And now, to further hammer home how our lives have diverged, there is a baby. A baby! I'm thrilled for her and wish her the very, very best.
I couldn’t stop at one, people. Actually my brain would not shut down once I started coming up with new categories, but I left it at three. What would YOUR answers be?!
“We’re not payroll experts; we’re getting out of the business,” said Christopher Zale, acting director of administrative services.
We would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a Very Hapy New Year :-)
Everyone laughs sinisterly at the well played burn and their sober cabby is quietly relieved that she didn’t have to stay the center of ridicule for long.
Being LIMITLESS is not just in movies. Beyond the idea of becoming invincible overnight lies a truth: each of us has a trigger that makes us limitless. The challenge is to find it and learn to control it.
This is one of two Easter cakes I made one for our Sunday school the other for
She is Doña Victorina’s niece and Isagani’s girlfriend.
Born in New Mouse City, Mouse Island, Geronimo Stilton is Rattus Emeritus of Mousomorphic Literature and of Neo-Ratonic Comparative Philosophy. He is the director of The Rodent's Gazette, New Mouse City's most widely read daily newspaper.
For a moment Marge looked distraught and pissed. I saw the Bitch had entered him. Then he composed himself and said: “OK, look, I've got one needle that I was saving for me, but I'll let you have it... I've still plenty of half-decent used ones. But don't forget this... It's very rare someone gets my last works!”
"The people we work with are amazing."
Place large sheet of waxed paper on work surface. For each blintz, place 1 tortilla on waxed paper. Spoon about 1/4 cup (50 mL) yogurt mixture in centre. With pastry brush, moisten outer edge of tortilla with reserved blueberry juice. Fold opposite sides of tortilla over filling, ends meeting in centre; fold remaining 2 sides of tortilla over each other.
I will be offering this custom design listing in both the pillowcase dress and the reversible dress to start with. You will have two options. 1) Just tell me what you are looking for, and I will find the fabric to complete the look or 2) You can supply the fabric, and I will sew it for you.
Spencer: It wasn't a Time Out, it was an intimate get together.
here is an aperture card i have made using the mo manning Kisses digi image...The papers are brand new from trimcraft first edition and are called boho chic...they are delicious all glittery and embossed mmm mmm
It speaks to my heart
"The Bar" I told you our place is tiny! Mint Juleps with shaved ice (that our Margarita maker made perfectly) and the picture had a batch of Oaks Lily cocktails-both were a hit. I scooped up the Beverage Dispenser from Crate and Barrel - Melissa over at For the Love convinced me it was perfect and versatile, for a more girly affair I can rest it on a cake plate with a doilies :) She the best
It has constant sorrow in her eyes.
My favorite part of the article, of course, is this, because it is the most flattering to me. And because I DO love the Dos Equis campaign:
Why the Siren Likes It: Supposedly based on the life of Chet Baker. Jaggedly uneven and no one seems to have a clue about real white Southerners. But deserves to be remembered, if only for Pearl Bailey's haunting performance. For the Siren and those like her, there's also the nifty bit of role reversal for Susan Kohner, the "tragic mulatto" of Sirk's Imitation of Life, in the same movie as the penultimate role for Louise Beavers, of John Stahl's excellent 1934 Imitation of Life. (Poster is from the great Cinema Retro site.)
In other words, my fellow Brooklynite, you are a SELF-CENTERED TOOL. I'm not being righteous; I, the Unit Parental, am just like you. Yes, I can admit it. That's one of the things parenthood does to you--it takes away the places to hide; it makes you stare at the misshapen thing in the mirror and take honest appraisal... But enough about me. Back to you...
You’re saying that we don’t spare charity for those in need? Who are you to think that?
Carefully cut foil to open; stir contents; garnish with salsa before serving.
My heart is wild, uncontrollable, free. It has gotten me in so many destructive situations. Many times I have to call out to Him to keep from hating my own heart. But what I cannot control within a moment HE WILL REIGN IN FOREVER!! How AMAZING!!! WHAT A POWERFUL GOD!! How???
So with this In mind, I will create the perfect poker room where I can love the game even more. I’m selfish I know but in the end I might do it for you to? Cause what I will love at least a thousands other persons will do to.
Training horses can be a tactical exercise. Pick your battles and choose wisely. This means you will all live to see another day. We are shooting for next weekend. I just hope the little guy is NOT out to impress hubby again. He's a real clown that way.
But the best part about this deck is that so far, we have only the $50 jack hammer rental into it. Matt knows a guy who knew a guy who had this deck and then his wife decided she didn't want this color, she wanted something totally different after only having it up for a month. So they took it all apart and gave it to us for free so long as we hauled it that day. DONE. The other bonus? We have enough to do a front porch too.
Jason “Json” Watson was born and raised in St. Louis by a single mother, who despite her best intentions, was often absent as she struggled with a drug addiction. Throughout his adolescence and teenage years, Json looked for guidance in the streets where he was exposed to violence and drugs, including heroin and marijuana. By the age of 16, he had been kicked out of school, served jail time and become a member of a local gang. Fully immersed in this lifestyle, he found himself back in prison at 18, serving several months on another drug charge.
When you're scared or in trouble or in love? I'm here for you. Even though I might not want to hear about the girl who has a crush on you, I want you to tell me. That's something I'm going to have to get used to because no one can resist your eyes or your smile, even now.
NO Landscaping
Would you believe I was then tranferred to a new person?? This one, the lucky last, went through my personal details again, asked my life story, again, and then explained in the most condescending tones an 18 year old could muster, that I needed to pay for the service if I wished to use it.
Grab 3 garbage bags or bins and label them with the following:
5. Contact the chosen bloggers to let them know about the award.
Shortly before our wedding, my grandmother Yaya Vittles had an unfortunate accident where she broke her hip... and within a matter of days, her body went into complete shut-down mode.
It is time for this week's challenge over at
7) Curry powder, 50gms (or 5 table spoons); put more if you want the curry gravy to be thick.
All it requires just a couple of hrs as well as the dollars will probably be specifically paid in your checking account. Nevertheless, folks from time to time avoid an exceedingly recommended tactic to these quick unsecured Loans and this gradually brings those to a deep payday advance debts dilemma. This is why they must consider the services of debt consolidation reduction mortgage to acquire credit card debt relief.
Good morning everyone, hope you are well! Sorry this is late but I have been having computer related problems-its in the repair shop-was meant to be finished by Friday but the usual phone them to find out and hes not even bothering to look until Monday, not impressed!
Because: it was like a welcome and long-overdue chat with a good friend. I was caught off-guard, having not much liked Katz's two previous films (Dance Party USA and Quiet City), but this was a massive step up and away from all the over-indulged 'mumblecore' tedium. A mystery about who we think we know - and with delightful, unaffected performances to boot.
I would place new merchandise throughout the store each day and create looks for customers and displays. Although we were given an outline for our floorsets (which colors, fabrics, patterns etc go with each wall theme) I had the chance to create something lovely each day at work. It was almost like making my own puzzle. It used to make me so happy when customers would come in and want the outfits I put together and the walls I would merchandise would sell out.
(someday this picture will be worth thousands of dollars!)
So what do we have then? We have an evil duo who are in all likelihood working in cahoots – Dr Google and Captain Paranoia. They are supported by an arsenal of information and detail which we cannot begin to interpret without a very smart medical head. To counteract this we have a wide reaching and sensitive community who “get it”, and understand our fears and anxieties. We also have our “real life” Doctors – our oncologists and our surgeons for example. They not only know their stuff, they know us, and mostly can guide us through the minefield of distressing and baffling details dropped in front of us. We usually only see them at our checks and they are subjected to the collection of questions which we have been saving up in anticipation of our reunion with them. Often we are waylaid by unexpected blood results of other questions and realise in the days following our appointment that we still have unanswered questions. And Capt P just loves to latch on to these questions and twist them around in our minds. He refers us directly to Dr Google……..
In the end, neither side totally won out. The UI system would be state-run, in part merely to get around objections from the Supreme Court, but on the other hand, the insurance pools would be single, state-wide, and not the factory-level plans envisioned by John R. Commons. In this way, however, a deadly weakness was built into the system.
Cooking/Baking? Today I made oaty date squares for healthy treats for the family, and 2 coconut cakes, one is for us and one for a friend who has just had a baby. I will drop the cake off later along with a jacket and blanket I have knitted/crocheted.
from yonder trees
Baby B: 3 lbs 14 oz
"Honey, where are you?" Vackie asked me.
Indianapolis. Half a million plus parked on
The Department of Labor is holding two call-in “listening sessions” on the home care exemption. They’re scheduled for Monday, July 25 and Wednesday, July 27, both 4:00-5:00 EST. Call-in number and passcode here.
years ago; we don’t know how soon those might become a factor around the Atlantic basin, or even if they will. It’s unsettling to realize that we may have no way of finding out until the first one hits.
I am brand loyal again to the original toilet paper that I used to buy and the plunger still lives next to the toilet.
When I look at the definitions and synonyms I realize why the feeling of lack is so destructive in our relationships with our children and in our own lives. The words leave me feeling empty, bleak, and distressed.
I hope this interview would inspire readers to seek out information on Slavic pagan religion and make more contacts with Slavic pagans across the world. Slava!
take great care in keeping batches small to
17. You Say You Love Me
The dough from step 3
This weeks challenge is to release the stress through your art. Find some inspiration through the song posted. Maybe you too are saddened by friends you know going through a difficult time as well. You can dig deep, or touch on something simple.
I bought a new bird feeder and some seed to go with it on Saturday. I thought it would be ever so much more photogenic for capturing bird images than some of the old ones we have and my husband promptly hung it up for me.
8-9: "Bodin asked if the commitments of the prince to the estates or to the people dissolve his sovereignty. He answered by referring to the case in which it becomes necessary to violate such commitments, to change laws or to suspend them entirely according to the requirements of a situation, a time, and a people. If in such cases the prince had to consult a senate or the people before he could act, he wold have to be prepared to let his subjects dispense with him. Bodin considered this an absurdity because, according to him, the estates were not masters over the laws; they in turn would have to permit their prince to dispense with them. Sovereignty would thus become a play between two parties: Sometimes the people and sometimes the prince would rule, and that would be contrary to all reason and law. Because the authority to suspend valid law -- be it in general or in a specific case -- is so much the actual mark of sovereignty, Bodin wanted to derive from this authority all other characteristics (declaring war and making peace, appointing civil servants, right of pardon, civil appeal, and so on)."
I agree with Mooney that this delusion-conviction effect has done grievous harm to our once-scientific and rational nation. And anyone would have to be deaf, blind, and in hysterical denial not to see these trends operating, in tsunami proportions, among our Republican neighbors.
(snort) Yeah...Noooo. I was wondering if she had weekend hours?
EXCITED / HAPPY / SAD / DREAM COME TRUE / SCARY / HAPPY / SAD / EXCITED / SCARY / DREAM COME TURE / EXCITED / EXCITED / EXCITED / EXCITED
Cross bare legs as if one must
“A man who felt less might.” (Enough said! Mr. Darcy’s passions run deep.)
* We didn't have papperdelle pasta so I used fettuccine which was good, but I might have preferred a penne or rigatoni instead. Also I would make sure to cook the sauce and pasta together a bit before serving.
This photo comes courtesy of Nina Douglas, the lovely publicist from Orion Books. On the left of the picture, in case you didn't realise what it was, is the dinosaur! What a fabulous, wonderful, exciting event it was.
And then… I got some work done : ) and then… it was time for LUNCH! And now………. we have pictures : )
I felt kind of old, not within range of the crazy man. 24 and no longer an earth angel.
Me: “Um, Ma’am, can you please be quiet.”
They go in and the family gets to keep 10 non essential items for a month. Very interesting to see the debate as to what should stay.
Still, I’m not so sure there isn’t a lesson here for those of us in the West. Could we benefit from raising the bar for those considering a commitment to Christ?
Level 15: MP Cost: 16, Duration: 150 seconds.
There are some things happening around town on the professional brewing scene....more, later.
all that dampness and recklessness
Not quite all. I originally found the recipe at Steamy Kitchen, but so many people have posted this recipe that I’m sure you could find a tasty one anywhere. Okay, I’m done. NOW go make these. :D
I’m never quite sure what words shouldn’t be capitalized in a heading. Ah, well.
She looked at me and nodded.
now he gazes, unseeing, not by choice but by chance.
There is a global war for talent going on. And the message that the National government is sending students is “Bugger Off”. So that’s what we’re going to do. After 325+ days we’ll have lost our tax residency (thanks for that post Cactus Kate) and we definitely won’t be “maintaining ties” with New Zealand.
Swinging around, and arching his back, Malcolm’s luminous green eyes burned fire as he shouted “WHAT?” down to Angelo.
In their analysis of the evolution of the media in Great Britain, James Curran and Jean Seaton describe how, in the first half of the nineteenth century, a radical press emerged that reached a national working-class audience. This alternative press was effective in reinforcing class consciousness: it unified the workers because it fostered an alternative value system and framework for looking at the world, and because it “promoted a greater collective confidence by repeatedly emphasizing the potential power of working people to effect social change through the force of ‘combination’ and organized action.” This was deemed a major threat by the ruling elites. One MP asserted that the workingclass newspapers “inflame passions and awaken their selfishness, contrasting their current condition with what they contend to be their future condition-a condition incompatible with human nature, and those immutable laws which Providence has established for the regulation of civil society.” The result was an attempt to squelch the working-class media by libel laws and prosecutions, by requiring an expensive security bond as a condition for publication, and by imposing various taxes designed to drive out radical media by raising their costs. These coercive efforts were not effective, and by mid-century they had been abandoned in favor of the liberal view that the market would enforce responsibility.
But just hanging out with the disingenuous and spewing Fox News fallacies isn’t why he’s in the Tri-State area. He’s courting the big fish in the GOP: NJ Governor Chris Christie. Yesterday, Christie said he could be convinced to be on the ticket with Mitt Romney.
I was lucky enough to snag an arc (courtesy of Yvie's hairless tummy and a temporary tattoo) and let me tell you, the book is awesome! So many great characters, and I loved them all!
Every week, the staff at TheTwoCents will be posting their top picks for viewing. They won’t always be the top shows of the week, but the programs that each writer is most looking forward to checking out that week.
Deep in thoughts
*Available April 2012 at your favorite bookseller from Revell, a division of Baker Publishing Group*
Girl, you make the rain clouds disappear
After the decorating was complete, out came a chocolate fountain with fresh strawberries and cherries to dip. OMGoodness, how good where the cherries and chocolate! And what a mess they made. I didn't get any photos of this, but believe me they enjoyed themselves. Some where even drinking the chocolate straight out of the fountain with their stripey straws. Note to self: must try that at Max Brenner next time I'm there.
Taken: 08/19/2009
So i’m setting out to look at how these things are different. I’m working with a small group to try and quantify the nature of their social connections, to characterise how they have formed and developed and to think about which measures we can use to explore the strength and depth of them. It’s not that i think that these relationships are stronger or weaker, but i do think that they are different.
So,next time you go for a walk,make time to really look at the nature in all it's glory--Get up close,look at the tiny flowers under your feet,you will be amazed.
Legal experts said that even if the traffic officers are displaying the signs as a joke, they should know better. It is illegal for them to display taxi signs as they do not have the necessary permits.
The other part of the complicated answer is that, as a teacher, I know a few of the "rules" for learning something, whether it's math or a language. One of the big ones is simple: "Use it or lose it." All of the vocabulary my son was using were words that we have practiced or used extensively at home (at least 30 or more times). He knows some colors, several fruits and a few vehicles. He can also answer a couple of simple sentences, such as "What is your name?" "How old are you?" and "What is that?"
You get the point. I am a right narky nark today. It is entirely possible that I would have sulked regardless of the outcome of this appointment, but in a generous mood the heartsink doctor* donated several reasons for me to snark at. Again, not to his face. I find passive aggressive icy politeness much more effective than shouting. That is only partly because I can't produce more than a croak.
Happy Saturday yall!! I just wanted to share a little bit of my excitement with you. I was browsing through some blogs the other day, and saw on someones blog, sorry I cannot remember where, that someone had received a free paint sample from Valspar.
The storyline for SHATTER is so dark and confronting, I felt it needed someone like Joe to guide readers safely through it and not leave them traumatised. He has such a wonderful sense of humour and sense of humanity that he lightens up the darkest moments.
As he swabbed out the bucket with a dirty rag, Bobby told himself that maybe, just maybe, this could be the last job he ever had to do. And when he was done, he would never have the shakes again.
Well it has been a long time coming but Big Daddy is back pounding the pavement!!! Yea baby, I'm putting bad guys in jail again! Yesterday was my first day back on the street. It started with the swearing in ceremony at 8am. Aza and her dad were there and that's all I cared about. We all walked into the Sheriffs office where I received and gave the oath. After that the Sheriff handed me my badge and said congratulations and welcome aboard. I was so pumped and excited. The best part of all for me really was that Aza pinned my badge on for me. I can tell you that I could only hope that some of you have a support system as good as I have. I just can't brag enough about her and words really aren't enough to fully understand the depth of love and respect I have for her and her dad. I call him dad because in my heart he is my dad. I go to him for advice and he has and always will be there for me and his daughter. I got a text from him later in the day that just simply said, “I'm so proud of you”. It doesn't matter how old you are those words meant everything to me. The really neat thing was that Aza said it to me as well just prior to that. Like I said, what an amazing support system.
“Kiran Bedi, Ph.D, is India’s first and highest ranking (retired in 2007) woman officer who joined the Indian Police Service in 1972. Her experience and expertise include more than 35 years of tough, innovative and welfare policing.
I've been brooding a little bit lately over all the ways I have been a bad friend since my breast cancer diagnosis.
Once you find a brand and a style (model) that works for you, stick with them. I stayed with Brooks Adrenaline for about seven years and at least five pairs of shoes. There were times when I did not train between marathons so I did not go through a pair every six months. More on that in another blog post.
It was all a big hit, and I got all the recipes off the Hidden Valley Ranch Recipes page. I'm really proud to be on the parent panel again (changed from the "mom panel," since we have two dads contributing this year!), and one of the things I hope to do is to try out some of the recipes and share the ones I like.
I received a call from my brother, Ikbal at 5.30 am.
Whatever post you see below this? Yeah, that “To-Do-List”? Disregard that, in the end I realized I’m just bullshitting myself. Hell, why say something you’d intend to do, but never will do?
Here is a recent “Protest” that was violent in many ways. They burned their banners with FIRE and started stepping on it on the ground.
The tour conveys a deep sense of history and will to be a memorable experience for all who come on board. In addition, visitors have the opportunity to marvel at the skill, ingenuity and craftwork involved in re-creating this genuine replica of a wooden tall ship, one of the last of its type to sail the Atlantic in the 19th Century.”
Red Ale
of your team. If you didn’t break through those hands that you tried to break through,
He eased her down. “Thank goodness for the full moon.”
Veges
Many believed Conkling to be culpable of the assassination attempt himself -- perhaps not of pulling the trigger, but of fostering and encouraging the discord that inspired it. It's not a stretch to consider Conkling an embodiment of the spoils system which determined hundreds of government jobs through political affiliation. Guiteau thought himself unfairly left out of that patronage system when he attacked Garfield that hot July day.
For those of you keeping track that is 5 girls and 2 boys in the household now. Little Adrienne Danielle was absolutely beautiful today when we got to see her. Cannot wait until she joins the rest of us!
The roe buck looks in very good condition with a nice head.
from: martintrhiggins@acemail.com
But he smiled to see her cry
But more than anything, Craig is one of those "that guys" that made good. An ever-dependable character actor who rose through the ranks of background player to supporting player to co-star and hasn't missed a beat any time in-between. Remember that heavily-lauded TV series in the early Eighties "Call To Duty"? He starred in that. Remember the multi-character TV drama "Chicago Story"? He starred in that. Remember that TV comedy where he played a football coach in that series where this college team needed a new coach so they chose him to be their coach (can't remember the name of it)? He starred in that.
Newt rose in the polls in the fall on a positive message of not attacking fellow Republicans. Newt’s great moments in fall debates were refusing to engage when debate moderators sought to pit candidate against candidate. The message of a united front against Obama and a bright conservative future resonated with the Republican electorate like nothing else.
(Or a harpist trying to get it in this position...)
Let’s talk Returning Sheba, which has everything to do with today’s Fly on the Wall post. ~ Alexandra Dupree is a successful psychologist, engaged to a high profile neurologist and firmly rooted in her reality, until one day, a very sexy, very determined man corners her on the street and tells her he’s her mate and he’s come to take her home.
Here are a few of the biscuits :)
How did these politicians, given the potential to cheat and exploit, reveal their anticipated morality and virtue?
What about verse 25 or 28? “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her…In this same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies.” I boldly say here that if men were truly loving their wives as prescribed in these verses that a woman’s natural and willing response would be gratitude… respect… love… and trusting submission.
I used a holiday token by Tim Holtz from Retro Cafe in the center, and tied it using some twine. I added some of the paper I dyed using my Copic re-inkers on the right hand side. To see a tutorial of how I got the texture you can click here. I added some text that was from an old Christmas pageant program that I bought at a library sale. I thought it was appropriate since I imagined that one of those ladies had journeyed far to celebrate Christmas with her friend someplace warm.
Nobody ever went into Nationalist politics hoping to make money, but that will not stop the press attempting to smear us with some expenses scandal as soon as Nick and Andrew arrive in Brussels. Not only must our boys continue to be squeaky clean, they must be demonstratively more so than anyone else The same media which studiously ignored the UKIP corruption scandals and Old Nigel Grinalot's £2 million of expenses will be waiting for Nick to so much as as accidentally charge the tax payer for a two Euro glass of shandy with his dinner.
Given Binder's deep connections he may well have heard about the UFO's interest in nuclear installations from his sources within the military and used this very silly sci-fi comic to tell this tale out of school, as it were. Why he chose to double that up with the AAT stuff is beyond me, but perhaps the Watcher/Igigi theories were being bandied about then.
Hope you'll stay awhile.
So, I talked about this recently with some friends. I think at Eli’s barbecue, it came up.
The promotion and protection of the cause of reform was an especially dangerous business for Anne to engage in, because it was such a divisive issue (to put it mildly) and men’s careers (and sometimes heads) would hang or fall depending on which side was winning. Anne’s took a risk in showing Tyndale and Fish to Henry, but it was one that initially paid off, as he immediately saw that they were on the side of Kings rather than Rome when it came to earthly authority. (Henry’s reported reaction to discovering Tyndale—“This is a book for me and all kings to read”—is one of those quotes, enshrined even in The Tudors, that have become pop signatures of his recognition that he didn’t have to argue with the Pope, just ignore him. ) But even if Henry had no objection to Anne’s tutelage, others did, and their objections were a potent mix of misogyny and anti-Protestant fervor. Much of the gossip that circulated around court and through Europe came from the tongues (and pens) of those for whom to be anti-papal was to be pro-devil. “Lutheran” women (an incorrect appellation for Anne, who did not subscribe to Lutheran doctrine) enraged Catholic dogmatists, who were quick to accuse them of witchcraft—an old charge against “talkative,” impertinent women which was particularly handy when the women were “heretics.” From “heretic” to “witch” was a short step, and from “witch” to “insatiable carnal lust” and “consorting with the devil” took barely a breath.[5] The same year that Anne was executed, an effigy of evangelical Marguerite de Navarre, on a horse drawn by devils wearing placards bearing Luther’s name, appeared during a masquerade in Notre Dame.[6]
Was this actually planned?
“I-I changed my mind after we raided the fundraiser and talked to Coil. I went home, and when I started thinking about sending that email to the Protectorate, I realized I couldn’t. It would have meant explaining things to my dad and leaving you guys. I couldn’t do either.”
Civilian casualties
Five years ago a portrait of a women clad in Renaissance attire was re-discovered. The finding of this painting made headlines then, and it may be making headlines once again. The reason for this is that many believe the painting is the work of Leonardo da Vinci. If so, the portrait is worth far more than the $20,000 it originally sold for. Experts believe that if the painting is in fact a true da Vinci, it could be worth upwards of $100 million dollars.
But many more quilters would want my name on the cover of that book, and to be able to purchase it from my quilt shop. It feels more personal that way, and in truth, you help support the project most directly that way too.
There are more pictures I have complied cnblues and my number 12 is the next picture.
Gandolfini told Vanity Fair: ‘When I first saw the ending, I said, ‘What the f***.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to trust myself that I can find a way out of this mind possession and apply myself effectively
I feel so fortunant as to all the things I have in my life. An amazing husband,a house, bigger than we need, a great college to attend for an amazing education, my very supportive family at home & friends!!!
I'm on the lookout for some brown or tan boots to keep these black ones company this Fall. I may even go with grey. I guess we'll just have to see what's been donated at my favorite local thrift stores.
leaves in your pocket!!(for other spending LOL)
* Are their charges quite (or very) high
We have a nation in which many young people are ignorant regarding sexual education. With many of our government schools unable to teach learners about health and sexuality, how can we expect the HIV and Aids epidemic to stop, or the rise in teenage pregnancies?
to expect. RPOA has taken a beating with local "animal rights" city
We took all the perishable food to Garrett's parents place on Friday, but that meant we woke up on Saturday morning to no food in the house....and no coffee for Garrett. I think that was the tipping point for him. (I had already reached mine when I realized I had no food).
I examined the photograph casually without feeling the slightest arousal.
Thought I could do five great abstract paintings today, so here goes…
Slight aside:
My chip/cracker of choice is from the collection of Food Should Taste Good, called Multigrain. This is a gluten-free chip that has many healthy grains creating a hearty, satisfying flavor.
Feminism killed off Miss America, but not in the way originally intended or predicted. It didn't manage to overthrow unrealistic and bizarre standards of female beauty; if it had, Hollywood wouldn't be chockablock with bobblehead starlets who think an oyster cracker is an entree. And it didn't succeed in liberating women from being seen as sex objects, not when porn star Jenna Jameson can natter away on television about her career as though she were a bank manager.
hours. I loved it! I would draw faces, flowers, animals…I even got
I predict one of four things are going to happen this election cycle:
1043 ***D-IV/7/1989. “The Chicago Conspiracy Trial–Twenty Years Later.” Law and American Culture Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, St. Louis, Missouri. (Incorporated in Item C-1991 (4), above, pp. 1011-19, 1106-58, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 329-36, 371-78 (2004).)
One reason nobody knows, is the woman is humble. Her interest through her peak years was her family, especially her two adopted kids. She was just a working mom who liked to sing. She toured 40 weeks a year, she was prolific in the studio recording several albums a year...which meant that critics hardly noticed, and took for granted, the jazz concept albums, the torch ballad collections, or the rock cover songs. It was almost expected that a pop artist would do Christmas albums, collections of movie themes, religious stuff, novelty. It was only those who focused on one thing...that people really took notice of: Billie Holiday. Judy Garland. Marlene Dietrich. Patsy Cline.
1. Organize your materials. Make copies of every bit of correspondence you had with the scammer, every email, snail mail, etc. If parts of their website are germane to your complaint, cut and paste those parts into documents. Identify each document briefly at the top of the page, i.e., "Contract Received from ImAScam Literary Agency." You may need to request copies of cancelled checks from your bank, etc., to add to your documentation.
A bulk purchase would allow maximum discounts, and the bishops are in a position to organise such value.
The baggy pants, the big-tongued shoes, the Journey’s stickers covering my locker, ceiling fan and school notebooks. At 13, riding down main street with my mother, I peered in at the world through a skateboarder’s lens: every staircase, abandoned cotton gin, hand rail at my mom’s hair salon, and even Wells Fargo drive-through was a potential skate spot.
I have always loved fine French foods and a certain little macaroon shop in France! which happens to sell the most wonderful creamy pastries and alike... so these are my craving relief until I get back to France lol!
“Took an oath, I’m-a stick it out till the end”
The Gini coefficient and the Lorenz Curve are useful for comparing the inequalities of different populations, and so this week I compare the Gini coefficients of the total grosses of films distributed in five European countries – France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the UK – in 2011. The data used is from Box Office Mojo and all box office grosses are in US Dollars.
I have to check this again. Also starring Ben Chaplin, Vincent Cassel and Mathieu Kassovitz.
So, what’s guaranteed to make you climax? Something physical? Or is the mere thought of something enough to send you on your way?
It was Thanksgiving and we had already scheduled a trip up to visit my parents. I think that phone call came the day before we left, so we had a lot of talking and thinking to do on our very long drive up to the farm. Both sets of my grandparents came for that holiday, so we were able to break the news to them in person – they were as excited as could be. It’s so wonderful to have such a supportive family. While there, we were still in touch with our worker. The paperwork was getting completed, background clearances were coming in. Our worker scheduled the final home inspection for the day after we would return, and said she’d also cover the material from the two classes and certify us then as well. So much for it taking 90 days!
8. Nationalisation, Workers Control and Workers Ownership, argues that Marxists should be advocating Socialism not State Capitalism, and that under current conditions the demand for Workers Control is utopian.
I now have only three awards to complete, so if you have not been nominated here, never fear! And I will not nominate anyone one blog for more than one award, as I know it a time-consuming task to post, but it is oh, so much fun!
There are so many talented card makers out there and I would love to give one to everyone, but they will only allow me five!
These are great for year-round decor and are so versatile ~ you can change them for every season ~ I can't wait to show you what I do with them for Christmas! I hope you are inspired to make some of your own ! We would love to see your creativity run WILD with these!
"Many neighbors expressed concern that Latino kids didn't have adequate soccer fields."
Sadly, that isn't the case for many people. My younger brother lives about four miles from my home. We have virtually no communication. I rarely see him and his family. I learn about their lives through his frequent Facebook status posts. I find this to be extremely sad. Personally, I still prefer the phone or a short visit.
(502) 564-4240
The Awards Assembly is next Monday, May 7, at 9 am. I will be presenting a certificate to each student individually as well as stating how many Brainbench certifications you earned, how many college credit hours you earned, if you are a career major completer and if you will be returning to class next year. We will not have class that afternoon. All students must attend the 9 am Awards Assembly. If you earn any Brainbench certifications this week, please be sure to print a copy of the results and tell me.
“Surely Gleann Cailliche, with its unbroken link to our deep past, is one of them.
Through the miles, I suffered bad stomach cramps (which I never get), though I was lucky enough to be fighting this experience at one of the spectator points. I saw E and he ran with me for a few minutes, and gave me a much needed mental boost.
his lady (fatuously dated),
Does the Lord's Supper itself have any aspect of Sacrifice? After all, the verses above from Romans and Revelation do not clearly connect the pastoral priesthood to the Eucharist. Showing the Pastor is a priest and presides at the Lord's Supper is not enough!
80/- Ale 1068
i looked up and found a friend, smiling widely since she has finished the interview session. what a relief to see her ! (muna)
I say: Oh I am just about there love...
5) Add tomato paste (As said in step 1) mix well.
What interests you most about social media?
Fingers crossed that Day 2 is even better...
This prompt for Explore was all about Maps .... finding them, being inspired by them and creating with them. So for this prompt I printed off a circular map, covered it in cardstock, stuck some photos of the family on the back of it ( and yes 'Bruce' is family) and embellishments.
Three-legged Tom, who has just been diagnosed with a heart condition - he's on medication now, so we'll see how he gets on.
Mathew 16:24-26
It was easy. I just got the children in a circle, with two of them lifting their arms to form an arch, then chose four animals and a wise old man to stand outside the circle while I, as the little old lady, stayed in the middle. Some of the children in the circle were the curtains and some were the food, and they all joined in the chorus.
Signature Ralphie haircut!
Interestingly Indonesia is very much in the frame and, if Gray has done nothing else, he has certainly alerted us to that. Looking wider, we thus learn that in December 2009 DFID exchanged letters with the Government of Indonesia agreeing to a five year programme focusing on climate change over 2010-15, with a budget of £50 million.
Cookies were a big part of my first ten years. Yes, my mother baked cookies- sometimes. But she didn’t really need to, because my father was a cookie salesman. (If my husband sold cookies, I don’t think I would bake them either.)
For his generation, King said abortion matters but the concern for children now includes issues such as child trafficking, mercury levels that affect fetuses, the spread of AIDS and clean water access.
Alba Polenghi Lisca
Oh it is cold out there, but felt wonderful. Snow is coming down at a nice steady clip..we might have a good eight inches by daybreak. (i am rooting for more).
After lunch the Postman arrived! Yippee!! Parcels are always very exciting!
Johnsons Refreshing Gel Wash
Education Specialist
Last spring I was preparing for a bike ride that would take me across the UK from Aberystwyth to Great Yarmouth. And on my training route I'd always cycle a particular lane - it had the most fabulous hedges, all overgrown and shady and bursting with wildlife. I saw a bullfinch there in March, a hare lolloping down a side track, brimstone butterflies right into summer - when I returned in the autumn the hedge was heavy with sloes.
Have you ever been to a location hundreds of times and never really looked at where you were or the people around you? Well that was my experience with my first trip to Wal-Mart since my finding out who I really was. And let me say I was shocked! Have you ever paid close attention to the people at Wal-Mart? We usually judge fairly quickly whether a person is attractive or not, everyone does it, but what if you thought they were your children? now, that’s a whole different thing. Parents are supposed to think their children are beautiful right? My first thought was, Oh my GOD what happened? People just don’t look right, it is sad and slightly disturbing. That is not to say that I am a beauty queen, by no means, what I had in the garden is lost forever, I am just a regular woman now. But I can see that imperfection has eaten away at the human family like some kind of degenerative disease.
I feel I need to explain why I've been so quiet here for the past 8 months.
4.) How-to: every night for normal skin, every-other-night "insist" on the T-zone area and never use if skin is irritated.
I gave him a letter I wrote to him last year and he never opened. I also gave him a new one I had just written, then went out to fly kites with the kids. He came out with us later, no reaction at all to me. We played nice during dinner, but I avoid his eyes, too afraid I will cry right then and there, and then he retired to his chair and fell asleep. I got kids in bed, tidied up, and thought we could talk now. “Are you really sleeping or can we talk?” “I’m sleeping” he said.
I hope to get caught up on the family blog soon, but I have started another blog with recipes www.rolyndiasmenu.blogspot.com. I love recipes and trying new things so the recipe blog is right up my alley. Hopefully I can post recipes on a regular basis and if you have any you would like to share feel free to send and I will post once I try them out.
Afraid to answer, afraid she will say she “doesn’t care”.
BRIDGES CB, KUEHNERT MJ, HALL CB. Transmission of influenza: implications for control in health care settings. Clin Infect Dis 2003; 37: 1094-101.
“When it’s gone,” he swallows roughly as he finishes his thoughts, “you realize that that person was a part of you. You feel empty; lost. I was in love with Marion.” He looks up at me, our eyes locking, “I did not kill her, but if I never loved her, she would still be alive.”
I am full-on addicted to a little online nail boutique called juelp. It's this great little program where they send you monthly packages with nail colours and accessorizes tailored to your style {this is called the julep maven program}. Boy, do I love getting the packages in the mail every month. Click here to take the quiz and see what style you are! And the best part, julep just shared a coupon code with me for my friends and family to get their intro box for just 1 cent! I figured it was finally time to share this little secret with the world so that you can take advantage of the 1 cent deal for the month of may! Just enter the promo code "SHAREONMAY" after taking the quiz!
One-month celebration~Sorakaya Payasam/Lauki Kheer
A person’s outlook on life is determined by the values they live up to, which is influenced by the information they receive through the experiences they have and what they allow into their minds. The subject of marriage nowadays is practically the equivalent of dating! The world teaches more and more how its purpose is meaningless. Why would that be so? The only reason is because of how lightly divorce is taken! The world is in direct opposition to the Word of God. God teaches that marriage is important (Genesis 2:24; Ephesians 5:22-33; Colossians 3:18-19) and that divorce is not (Matthew 19:3-9). Now the Scripture I would love to emphasize here is Malachi 2:16:
rnd 9) ch1, sc in first st and in next 4sts, ch 5, skip next 5 chains, long sc around chains on rnds 6-8 and into 5th skipped dc on rnd 4, ch 5, skip next chains and sc into next dc, and each remaining dc around. Fasten off and weave in ends.
And I realized that I was in Los Angeles, wearing an Oakland shirt while drinking a Humboldt beer! I was born & raised in Oakland, went to Humboldt State University my first 2 years of college, then transferred to University of Southern California- such a funny moment!
1 Stampin' Around wheel with ink cartidge and handle
I have had so much to talk about the past week but just haven't had the motivation to blog.. now, here I sit, under a Vicodin/iced tea haze with writers block!
maybe those ancient people in many diverse civilizations had it right
She finds her old (I’m going out to a bar, cause I need to get laid) black boots. She hasn’t worn those things in about 15 years. That’s how long she was married. That’s how long she put up with that asshole. He would come home, look at her and he was disgusted. He would have thoughts that she would never up and he wanted out of this ordeal.
So here I am, an Alumnus with or without a plan for the upcoming year ahead of me. Will I attend Grad school in the fall? Will I move into my own place by February? Will I have a job pertaining to what I want to use my discipline in conflict resolution in the spring? Will I travel on my own accord, make a garden to feed the people I love, run a 5k (or 10k), or start the art project I’ve been thinking about the last two months? Will I finally have the apple pie distributed in the manner that suits my liking?
Garam masala- 1/4 tsp
And a trailer!
Assuming you have ignored my warning not to attempt this and you have been successful, i.e you have steered away from A&E. Your food may or may not look edible, or even be edible, avoid eating unless you are confident food is properly cooked. Your cupboards are in danger of becoming disarrayed and your side may see more beans than your plate does.
The company meeting was more of the usual. Kort crying, Bransen daydreaming, Jarvyk evangelizing and Ashton… well… doing something anyways. We agreed that since we had no leads to follow up on Ashton’s missing father that we would head back to Cauldron, which was about a week or two away. There was a quick suggestion about moving operations to Sasserine, which I immediately voiced against. I can’t leave my business unattended after all. We made plans to get everything ready to go when Kort voiced his thought of stepping down as captain. I personally didn’t care if he did or didn’t, we normally don’t listen to him anyway unless he’s asking us to push him into a column of hellish fire. I think he decided to continue to be captain, but I kind of lost interest as I started thinking about Cauldron and my people that got left behind. It would be a shame if the city was engulfed in full war or something equally disastrous. Bad for business unless your into weapon dealing… hmm, now there an interesting idea…
119Come! with thy looks, thy words, relieve my woe;
“You never hurt/ Someone who wants to learn/ To be your slave.”
http://www.stopandscrap.com/ has provided 3 10.00 gift cards and 1 grand prize 25.00 gift card to my little blog to use anyway I choose. SoI am giving away the grand prize of 25.00 to 1 lucky follower on my blog. You can have up to 3 entries. #1 you have to be a follower on my blog and leave a comment on this post telling me you are a follower. #2 share this post on your blog or facebook wall and leave a comment on this post telling me you have shared. #3 Refer a friend and if they become a follower come back and leave a comment on this post that a friend has joined my little blog! If you refer a friend and they win the random drawing for the grand prize of the 25.00 gift card then you will receive a 10.00 gift card for bringing a new friend to Scrapbookingforfun! If you win the grand prize then I will do a second random draw for a 10.00 winner.
These teachings are nothing more than the outworkings of our cultural ideas. Of course they are popular. They affirm what our culture holds dear: our ability to transform ourselves without being dependent on another Being, the ability to make God in our own image, and the freedom from accountability from any God. Your truth is truth. You’re basically okay. No one is wrong.
(Shouting) Right, Hubby?
Sorry, that was a bit tacky but I couldn't resist as look what I found!?! I'm really surprised with the colours in her eye as it's quite a rainbow in there..... not all there yet but already very pretty!
‘So who did it? Who’s behind all this?’ Ollie’s mum was wearing one of those expressions he’d seen on teachers when they were hell bent on finding a culprit, so he looked away because not making eye contact obviously meant you were innocent. His eyes drifted to the iPod and its still glowing screen.
Only wants what you will do instead
I love you with all my heart, and I always have.
CR: No.
Happy Sewing!
I'll have a sneak peek at how the shelves are coming along in the next few days, so be sure to check back!
Cabin with the Birds clan. The next generation (minus baby Avery)
We played the very simple rpgKids game which was perfect for Jack's level of understanding and experience. It's a very nice little package with four great adventures, maps, character counters and everything needed.
Mille was also pretty speedy. She is here working on her second block. As always she is heads down as she works.
Italian Baked Bow Ties
18. Adopted a soldier. Adoptaussoldier.org is an awesome website, where they link you up with a soldier stationed overseas. I mailed my soldier a care package filled with everything from soap to socks to double-stuffed oreos, as well as a thank you card expressing my gratitude for his service to our country. I definitely plan to continue to send care packages until he is home. Also, the website recently had an influx of soldiers sign up, so if you are interested in adopting a soldier, now's the time!
After stamping, I went over the letters with an industrial Sharpie and polished them off with a silver polishing cloth.
Well today I wanted to share a little card I made. I didn't get a chance to use my bunnies during the Easter rush for cards so I am using them now.
Wheatears hopping from rock to rock amongst the yellow coconut smelling gorse:
Look #2
Elmer the Talking Mouse, on the other hand, will be lucky to find his way out of a field. His most frequently uttered line is "OH THAT'S RIGHT" and it is not even in the script. It is what he says that -- with a look of delighted stupor on his face--when Narrator reminds him of: what he's supposed to do, where he is supposed to stand, what he should say and where his mouse tail is.
I read because one of these days I'm going to get out of this town, and I'm going to go everywhere and meet everybody, and I want to be ready.This is why we write for children.
Many times in my life, tears of joy have streamed down my face uncontrollably.
Men often choose Wodehouse in such round-ups but I reckon he's just as funny for women. My favourite is THE CODE OF THE WOOSTERS
Their latest album ‘Least Expected’ has the hit track, Yori yori, which means sweetness in Igbo.
This only happens in Buenos Aires. In the other provinces speak well and say yo, lluvia or llegar. But knowing this, you will better understand the language.
What joy fills my life?
Stockhom is a lovely city, and not as cold as I had expected. I really had a very lovely time wandering around, everyone spoke English beautifully, which was slightly embarrassing.
The NGOs insist however that the generals produced a report that painted a "devastating" picture of state-sponsored violence that shifted Mbeki's perceptions on the situation in Zimbabwe.
Now, I’m immediately assuming that my paper jam is bad.
I do SEO Copywriting for a Poker company. Lots of people say they can do SEO and they're lying through their teeth, to be honest, and just spamming the hell out of everyone. What is SEO, I hear you ask?
COMMUNITY ROOTS CHARTER SCHOOL
The following recipe is one that I make all the time. I turn to it partly because I like it, and partly because it’s also a hit with the others in my clan.
too messy, too common.
Follow me here on Blogger
“Lacking the morning sickness, bloating, weight gain, boobs and the rest. Not pregnant. Not to mention the fact that it takes two to get pregnant, you lout.”
Blacks moved from slaves to honored guests in the White House — President Abraham Lincoln met with abolitionists Frederick Douglass and Sojourner Truth in the White House — to indispensable parts of White House life. President Andrew Johnson appointed William Slade as the first White House steward, the person charged with running the domestic side of the White House.
Dear, dear Marilyn: I have let go. I have moved on. I am only still dealing with this crap because of my serious concerns as a mother for my children and their health, safety and well being. You are the one who clearly hasn’t let go of your resentment over the 13 years you “think” I stole from you. Well guess what? He gave them to me, free and clear. And he never made me aware of any issues. So if you’d like to blame anyone: BLAME HIM!
exciting. . . parsnip
Suddenly as if a magic wand had been waved and a spell had been cast,an deafening silence fall over these back to school Target aisles. This naturally peaked her interest and she had to discover what exactly had happened.
When I left the Philippines to live in England, my two younger brothers were only just so tall … they were little boys. I visited Manila only a year later and who should open the door to my family home but a young man. It took me a long minute to realize that it was one of my brothers, grown tall in the months that I’d been away.
-How long have you been using the curriculum? I've been using it for 3+ years now (on my fourth year...I think! maybe I'm only in my third year...yikes. I'm becoming forgetful in my old age). The first year, two other teachers in my building and I piloted the curriculum, and then the next year, the district adopted it for all center-based special ed.
Quotation from My New York written by columnist Mel Heimer for Reading Eagle, November 12, 1968. Source: Google here.
Of Folgers.
Jesus noted long ago during his sermon on the mount, that all people (believers or otherwise) greet those they like kindly. That is easy. Being Godly requires showing grace and humility even in the face of your enemies. fortunately when you roll over in the morning (atleast i hope) you aren't looking at the face of your enemy, so this dare should be easy in comparison :)
It’s obvious King Philip bought me for my beauty. When the sun shines, my coat glows gold and my mane gleams pale as ripe flax. When the grooms comb it out properly, my tail ripples like a banner AND I can carry it just as high as any silly Persian gelding! I should have been Prince Alexander’s royal horse. We should all have stayed at home in Pella and taken part in parades, where everyone would have thrown rose petals over us and cheered, without us having to fight any bloody battles in the wilds of Asia.
* The judge's findings that the nature of the waxed product (i) reduced the risk of charring, (ii) gave rise to a noticeable difference if a low temperature soldering iron were used and (iii) created a more easily-removable coating were not supported by the evidence.
There is a set almost exactly the same that I have been stalking at one of my favorite home furnishing stores in New Orleans, Eclectic Home. Theirs are vintage metal chairs painted orange, and upholstered in zebra print hide. I am dying to use these for a client since I have no room in my house.
I know that i've posted what we want to do in our bedroom, but of course we've gone a completely different direction. Instead of the classic feminine look we were going for before, we took it a different direction and decided the more contemporary West Elm look is what was more us. I still am going to order this lumbar pillow cover for the lumbar on our sofa though, because i cannot get enough of this print and CWD textiles...
I suspect they were the books that helped me learn to read to myself. They were familiar, so familiar I could work out the words for myself. I can actually remember sitting on the back step of our our house in the small country town I was born in and reading the words to myself. I was reading aloud. If I got really stuck over a word and my father was gardening or doing something in the shed I could ask for help but I was expected to try and "sound it out" for myself.
Due to its mesmerizing greenery, calmness and mountain scenery the place is among the top mot hill stations of India. If we take a look at the history of the place, it is used to be the summer resort of the British Government in Southern India.
make friends, trying to get the attention of the girl he likes, and adjusting to life after losing his mother to brain cancer. The author’s cartoon illustrations help to tell the story and also keep it funny, even though the overall theme of dealing with grief is sad. The first person point of view made it easy for me to connect with the character of Milo and I quickly got wrapped up in his problems. Even though the main character is a boy, I think girls would enjoy this book too. As a writer, I’d study this novel to see how to weave in specific details that help to create the perspective of a middle grade reader (e.g. “her smile is like a curly French fry”, “hoping the conversation can
Here is what you need to do to get started (the below will take you less than 2 hours to complete):
Sports Fan: You didn’t know the Superbowl was this weekend?
he appeared to me.
*1 teaspoon sugar
Chocolate biscuit anyone?
TORONTO — Occupy Toronto put Berrick Gold Corp. in its crosshairs claiming the company only cares about corporate greed — not the environment.
In the months leading up to the 1985 Festival a group of predominately Sydney editors had attempted to create an Australia-wide lobby group of magazine edi­tors and workers and small publishers. This group, known as Small Magazines And Presses (SMAP), did have some early successes. A number of articles on small literary presses appeared in the arts pages of the major dailies and the ABC radio pro­gram Books and Writing produced a special report on small presses. In Sydney Neil Whitfield, former editor of Neos (a maga­zine devoted to publishing creative writing by writers under 25) set up a small press stand at Harkers Bookshop in Glebe.
I have been reading my own book, 'The White Cuckoo' over the past couple of days. I haven't touched it for months.
(As an aside – you may be asking yourselves when I am quoting events at the AAUP meeting – when the Unversity Press sector is often considered to be one of the less commercial sectors – supported as it often is by contributions to operating cost from the parent university. And the answer is that because of budget cuts many of these presses are now having to sink or swim on their own – at the same time as facing huge pressure from librarians in particular to provide content electronically on a pay-per-use basis. These presses are being squeezed at both ends, and they have to reshape themselves fast).
makes 2 servings (or one very large serving if you haven’t got anything else to eat *cough*)
with every project they create. Because this is a paid position we expect
R1: Ch 2, 8 sc in second ch from hook.
Chris Schonberger - Associate Food Editor of TimeoutNY,
The first question from the floor came from Dr. Marsha Raulerson, a nationally respected pediatrician who has served her poor rural community for decades—a woman who brings her beeper even on vacation and has somehow also managed to perform tremendous leadership and advocacy work. She asked if Mr. Hubbard realized she was having to let staff go already and if he would consider a tobacco user fee, a $1 a pack fee on cigarettes that would bring us close to the average of other states, improve child health, and raise an estimated 200 million for the General Fund. He gave the same heartburn sob story.
Kim's hand-me-down Levi's
The Whitest Kids U’Know
While the game XIII got fairly good reviews, it wasn't a financial success, so no real sequels were made. The only thing that came out and called itself "XIII 2", was a cellphone game. Eight years later though, the publisher Anuman released a adventure game under the name "XIII: Lost Identity". Rather than a sequel, it was a reimagining in point and click style. I never knew it existed and most people propably didn't too. I don't know how successful it was, but I think, it wasn't that much.
Besides travel and lodging expenses, pageants require an entry fee that usually ranges from fifty to several hundred dollars, depending on the type of competition being entered. Makeup and hair is typically done by a professional makeup artist. Spray tans and other accessories also must be paid for, as well as clothing and outfits. Dresses can cost anywhere from $200 to $6000, depending on the designer and the amount of adornment on the garment. Some parents hire pageant coaches to teach their child professionally choreographed routines.
The scourge of abortion will end when we all fall down on our knees and recognize our sinfulness and our own need to be forgiven. Only then will we have the compassion of Mother Teresa to embrace all human life and to give mothers an alternative to abortion. But science, truth and prayer are all on our side.
Bartolomeo Spina, the Master of the Sacred Palace from 1542 until his death in 1547, sought to have Copernicus’ book banned, which was eventually carried out by his Dominican colleague Giovanimaria Tolosani, who died two years later in 1549.
A human being should defecate at least once a day, but if your track record is less than 3 movements per week, you are officially constipated. Since the bulk of water absorption happens in the large intestine, the longer your poop stays in there the more water gets absorbed out of it and the tougher it will be to pass. Dietary issues that may cause constipation can include inadequate water intake; inadequate fiber intake; overuse of coffee, tea, or alcohol; a recent change in your diet; and ignoring the urge to defecate. Reduced levels of exercise may play a role as well. Other factors to consider are psychological issues such as depression, anxiety and eating disorders as well as medications whose side effects mess with the natural flow of things.
Tim: NO, you are really confusing me!
For all of you shitbag societal genital warts who watch Real Housewives of Atlanta, there is that one stupid irritating bitch on there who runs a charity designed entirely to raise self esteem in little girls. Are you fucking kidding? If I sat down and really thought about it, I could probably come up with at least a thousand things that would be more worthwhile to intervene on than that. For fuck's sake you stupid attention-seeking cunt – go make a tangible difference on someone somewhere ever. If I go fart near an elementary school for humor's sake, can we call it a charity designed to eliminate depression in children?
In 1940, Lamarr met the American avant-garde composer George Antheil of “ballet mécanique” fame. She described her idea to him, and asked him to help her construct a device that would enable this signal to be synchronized. Antheil laid out a system based on 88 frequencies, corresponding to the number of keys on a piano, using perforated paper rolls which would turn in sync with one another, transmitting and receiving ever-changing frequencies, preventing interceptance and jamming.
The Streetlife Museum, which was full of old cars and bikes and carriages and penny machines and old shops and trains...oh lots of stuff!! It was Chi's favourite out of the museums we went to today :)
Not having any idea when we will be cleared to return to bring our kids home is absolutely killing me. Every single day feels like an eternity. If you think I am just being dramatic, put yourself in my position (if you haven't already been in it). Imagine, just for a second, wrapping your arms around your four precious new children for the first time. Everything inside of you tells you to hold on to them tightly and never let them go, shower them with all of the love you have inside of you, and protect them - shielding them from any more hurt because they have experienced so much already. The few days that you have with them fly by and before you know it, you have to tell them that you're leaving... and that they're not coming with you. That you'll be back for them, but you don't know when. You think they understand, but you're not sure. What if they don't? It's just awful.
According to the daily, the sources remain vague about what transpired at the session, which lasted just over an hour.
And, finally, Charlie, who has been quiet through this whole conversation, contributed...
But at least we were in. The queue went around the cinema almost twice. There was no pre-booking in those days, you just had to suck it and see. We all remember queueing around the block. When was the last time you had to do it. We saw all sort of friends and neighbours in the line, all trying their luck.
Okay, so why an amber? No doubt there's an easy, flip answer--the focus groups liked it best. (And actually, I bet they did. I bet Bud tried a bunch of ales and came up with this one. I would have loved loved loved to have been among the focus groups so I could see what was in the mind of the giant.) But it also makes sense. If you want to build a market for ales, you want to actually brew an ale. The craft market has proven the enduring popularity of the style, particularly as an introductory beer for new ale drinkers. It's nothing like Bud. Amber ales are especially fruity and ale-y. They exhibit a sweetness totally unlike light lagers--and which totally beguiled an early generation of Oregonians. Add a little dry-hopped Cascade citrus, and you introduce drinkers to the flavor of hops without risking turning people off with bitterness. If you want to create a market by priming the palates of for ales, this is a great way to go.
Annmarie
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! And to all a good night!
Whatever Dutch spotted here could be linked to the objects in the skies over Mexico, then again maybe not. Sure would be nice if we had an honest government that properly informed it’s citizens about the universe, solar system and world we lived in because it certainly appears they know a helluva a lot more than they’re letting on. Gets tricky trying to figure this stuff out on our own sometimes, because life sure is turning out to be stranger than fiction…science fiction to be precise.
You've seen her before, my granddaughter Eloise. She has enjoyed watching me quilt. Whenever she is in our shop, she loves to sit on my lap. I may quilt for a bit, or I may let her play with my ruler or purple pen. Most of the time she lasts a minute and then is off to something else.
The traveler has important tasks upon arriving to their final destination. Because the entire journey has been intentionally marked and prayerfully pondered, so must the arrival. This is the time to surround yourself with prayers, poems and hymns that anchor your place and provide the touchstone for this final experience. Phil Cousineau speaks to the essential task of “feeling the thrill of completing your pilgrimage…If we remember that the word thrill originally referred to the vibrations the arrow made when it hits the target, than the pleasure is compounded. There is joy in having arrived, moment by moment.” We have come far on this Lenten pilgrimage; we have sacrificed, we have given, we have changed.
After you barrage off a ramp, you can tap the draft awning to achieve altered tricks.
rush of successful charge,
Or clueless about modern-day beauty products?
He hates bedtime and sleeping, and he is not a fan of pizza that isn't homemade.
4. There is never enough time to see all the family.
I'm excited and scared all at the same time,
I'm a city girl through and through, but from time to time, I do think about how nice it might be to have a small place in the country. Fresh air. Bucolic setting. A slower pace of life.
It left me frozen,
3/4 tsp pure vanilla extract
Vitamin B6. The other name for this vitamin is pyridoxine. It is very important in helping your digestive system process all the protein you eat.
We passed a plethora of fashionable youths before deciding (as the sun finally set) to get some food. We found a conveyor belt sushi restaurant and sat down for dinner. This one was bar style (like rubens in Miami) and we sat next to a kid and his father (we think it was his father, were not sure). I enjoyed some more roe and tempura while drinking hot green tea (it comes in powder form there, which you mix with the hot water). The kid was pretty funny as he grabbed almost everything that passed by him. I was much more frugal and ended up with only three small plates worth. Its amazing how many plates some people had accumulated (10 or more!).
I started the day around 6AM with Stephen, one of the MoFA district staff from Kpandai. We headed out on a two hour motorcycle ride far into the neighbouring district of Nunumba South to a village called Monchani, well off the beaten path and at least an hour of hard riding from the district capital. After an intense journey through countless streams, over boulders and gravel, and dodging herds of goats and cows, we finally arrived.
I just heard about this on the morning news. Legendary film, TV and stage actress Patricia Neal died yesterday at age 84, after a long battle with cancer.
We’re here for the camels…
Whites and Jews who donate their own efforts to such a cause are evil enough. Those who have made it compulsory for everyone to fund this via government policy should be disclosed, tried, and executed for their treason. But let’s not put the cart before the horse. The first and foremost problem we have to deal with is the subject of this post: disclosure. This is complicated by the fact that most Whites and many Jews do not even recognize that the two groups are not identical—it is a thoughtcrime forbidden by PC. In fact everything I’ve just said is forbidden by PC.
What set the Foreign Office apart from other cynical western chancelleries was that it was not content with appeasing today's secular dictators. It went on to embrace the theocrats of the Muslim Brotherhood it expected to become the religious dictators of the future. At no time did it seek to promote the interests of those in Egypt, Tunisia, Syria and elsewhere who do not wish to live under dictatorship in any of its forms.
That attitude needs an about-turn.
- 20 almonds (9:30 am)
Ilkley have set the challenge of brewing a low ABV beer to the following specification:
After a day spent in Manchester with all things boutique todays travels took me south to Crawley via a quick visit to Plough Lane where dealers in the know seem to head to find lost treasure and vintage items. Evident from the amount of cars parked up with well heeled Barbour clad dealers with armfulls of eclectic vintage items from Bush radios, Eames, kandia by Jacobsen and vintage G Plan chairs and the odd arts and crafts bookcase.
Now, onto how to make these little baby shower Rice Krispie Treats. All I did was unwrap (of course!) store-bought Rice Krispie Treats and give them a little dunk in white chocolate - like this:
My mouth is sore from chewing my cheek and biting my lip in constant worry.
Moving inside, we will apply mom’s influence directly to the situation.
I think I'm a funny person. I love to laugh and joke around and I have a good sense of humor. At least, I think I do.
One of those unfortunate mothers was my now deceased grandmother. During the 1940′s her first born daughter, Marilyn was born with a heart defect. The details are sketchy, but it is my understanding that Marilyn lived a couple of days or weeks. My grandmother had limited contact, and was told that her baby was “just in the next room”. Never given the chance to say even one last goodbye before Marilyn passed on, my Grandmother lived the next few years in a deep state of depression. As if that was any wonder!
Jamey Wright was selected in the 1st round of the 1993 amateur draft by the Rockies. In his first stint with Colorado, Wright was a hot shot prospect with high expectations in his second stint he was a journeyman with almost no expectations. He settled in between those two extremes. In his six seasons with the Rockies, Wright had a record of 35-52 with a 5.40 ERA and 381 strikeouts. Following the 1999 season, Wright was traded to Milwaukee in the three way deal that brought Jeff Cirillo to Colorado.
Every once in a while you while you are out thrifting you find something super rad.
In a hypothetical do-over, Branstad would prevail, 48-44, when he actually won by a 53-43 margin. The problem for Culver is that Branstad wins over twice as many Democrats (a huge 18%) as he won last fall. On top of that, even though the third of voters who say they are independents disapprove, 36-46, they prefer Branstad to Culver, 46-41. That is down, however, from the 51-41 margin reported by exit polls.
But, let’s focus on the positive: all four finalists from the first season came back and performed! They were all great, but my favorite was Vicci Martinez performing with Cee Lo. I’ve been really curious to hear what her original music would sound like (after the show), and she didn’t let me down.
did get to see it though!
I'm gonna start making this a weekly blog feature. It's good for me to look back at my training and analyze what works and what doesn't, track my progress, and keep myself accountable to the rest of ya'll. Usually only stuff with actual mileage goes into Daily Mile, so this will be the place where I list EVERYTHING I've done for the week. Sunday is the last day of the week in my head, so Sunday will be posting day.
* lap top computers (pc or mac and editing systems – Premiere, iMovie, FCP, movie maker)
I would be remiss if I didn't thank those people who, without their support, I would not be successful. First and foremost - JOHN. My biggest cheerleader has been amazing. He has embraced my anal-ness when it comes to buying food and where I can and cannot eat out and how many points things are. And he has done it with a smile. I don't think he truly knows how important it is to hear him say "you look amazing" and finally feel that I am getting to be amazing. I see how happy he is now that I'm growing smaller, and that makes me so happy. I know he loves me at any size, but when he puts his arms around me to hold me close, I love that he gets to hold me tighter and closer as 31 pounds are now gone. Second and certainly still very important - MOM, DAD, COLLEEN, TOM, and MYRA. Next to John, these five people have been AMAZING with their support. I so look forward to call them every Tuesday night at 6:30 to share my newest loss and my newest overall weight loss number. To hear their excitement and sometimes tears of happiness makes me so eternally grateful for their love and support. It makes my new way of living not a chore but something I'm excited about and something I am excited to share with them.
I am resisting the urge to go back and read all my entries. I know this parenting thing its been a hard but sweet road and life is never easy but to read it all laid out like this is very strange. Its like reading your old diaries. It always end up with a sick feeling in the pit of your stomach and an empty bottle of wine next to you.
Now, here’s the story our farrier told me yesterday. I’ll tell you the story using his voice. Imagine a deep manly voice here: “Last week I was driving to a client. The sky was heavily overcast. At one point the clouds opened up to let the sun shine through and that hole in the clouds… that hole… it had exactly the shape of a shark! (*)
The only disadvantage of murals on sloping ceilings is for the painter, as painting half way up with your head in an angle gives you a terrible crick in the neck :-)
Just as I arrived at this spot today, I heard the call of a seagull nearby telling me that there was a storm on the way. Of course, the rain doesn’t drive me indoors, and I stayed here for a time with a small fire and some coffee. Then I decided to walk over to Magic Tree.
Thank you to all that took part in last week's Alter it challenge we do like to see you stretch your imagination hehe!
Olenese - used in the western country of Olenar and parts of the Ajir Mountains.
After observing our neighborhood Casey and I got ready to walk two blocks to the Pasadena Convention Center so that Casey could be sworn in as an attorney in California after passing the bar!!! I was very excited and couldn't be more proud :D Of course I charged the battery for the camera and the video camera and when I got the camera out to take a photo it said something about a battery so the only photos I got were on my cell phone. The oath lasted only a few seconds so I didn't have too much time to take a picture.
I could drive my convertible for 100 years straight and not emit as much CO2 into the atmosphere as President Obama did watching the Lebron/Lin-sanity matchup.
Grab a tool.
Maybe you grant just a few of these, or similar, freedoms to your child; perhaps you grant most of them. But ask yourself, simply and honestly, this fundamental question about the freedom you give to your child:
But at each stage, the conclusions he drew were either the most authoritarian ones that were consistent with his premises, or more authoritarian ones that weren’t. Lots of critics have called Rousseau a fore-runner of European fascism, and I’ve come to feel that this is essentially accurate, despite the complexities of his philosophy.
Happy Mother's Day, Simone!
When we were dating, she used the God card to trump me. She didn’t want to disappoint Him nor her parents and I respected that. After we married and came home from the honeymoon, it soon became about work. She was too tired all the time. She says the house needs cleaning and the washing has to be put away. When we go away, all she wants to do is read damn books.
Producer : Kumar S Taurani
Do I believe any party has a perfect approach or platform? No, not at all. But I do know that of all the parties, Harper’s does not have the core values that have long distinguished Canada from its contemporaries at heart. He has only the interests of his backers and his back pockets in mind.
This part takes a little while. I suggest using Blue Painters Tape. It sticks fairly well, and paint doesn’t bleed through. (I ended up using old masking tape, which was tough to work with and preferred to stick to my fingers instead of the canvas.)
In the midst of this chaos, Kent State occurred. It was both a reflection of and catalyst for social upheaval.
I think I understand why Rabbi Yoffie might have felt compelled to write this blog. The motto “I am spiritual but nor religious” is frequently heard by most clergy, and this motto more-often-than-not is presented with the implication that spirituality is somehow superior to religion — that spirituality is the commitment to exploration and personal growth, while religion is the blind adherence to dogma and the end of growth. Yoffie’s blog, I suspect, is in response to this viewpoint, proposing the opposite by positioning spirituality as self-indulgent and lacking in routine practice, while presenting religion as a dedicated community of practice and action.
a little bottle (250ml) of fruit smoothie of your choice (ready-made, for example from ‘innocent’)
If you want to add another ingredient while you are in the mixing process of the sauce and the oats, here are a few suggestions with amounts:
Alzheimer therapy is ineffectual at best, but it isn’t from lack of trying to get rid of plaques. Antibodies against the major protein component of the plaque (Abeta peptide) unfortunately caused inflammation of the brain in some patients and had to be abandoned. Bapineuzumab has shown minimal results so far. In mice Bexarotene (Targretin) looks promising, but here the mechanism involves a protein (apolipoprotein E) which is quite different in mouse than man.
Using a rubber spatula, fold one-fourth of the beaten egg whites into the cheese mixture to lighten it. Then gently fold in the remaining egg whites just until no white streaks remain.**
I suggest sending out your query to a small group of agents before anything else. This way, you'll get a little feedback before sending it to your next group. If your first group all reject the query, you'll know to rewrite it. If they reject the proposal/manuscript, try to learn from any feedback you receive and move on.
Sunday, 5/6: L.’s favorite flank steak on the grill, with oven fries and veggies
I would have you consider your judgment and your appetite even as you would two loved guests in your house. Surely you would not honour one guest above the other; for he who is more mindful of one loses the love and the faith of both.
There are two types of methods of pickling: hot pickle and cold pickle. The hot pickling method is simple just heat up your pickling liquid and add it to what you are trying to pickle. when doing this method it’s important to remember that since the liquid is hot that is will at least partially cook the product that you are using. Cold pickling is when you heat up your pickling liquid then let it cool fully before you add it to you product. This is great if you are pickling something that is delicate or will change in flavor or texture when you cook it. The down side to this method is that it will take a lot longer; where hot pickling can be done within 30 minutes cold pickling might take up to a week.
(And the chances for a miracle are about equal for either.)
We exchanged cards - this is one of her exquisite artworks, 'Left Foot Trap' the shoe upper is a paper cut with the mouse drawn. And the trap inside - for feet or mice? Her work is breathtakingly delicate with a delicious biting twist on the relationship between women and fashion.
Ahlborg G Jr. EU regulations for the protection of pregnant and breast-feeding employees. Nord Med 1996; 111: 155.
MY STORY IN A NUT SHELL: Motivated by the time I spent living and working at children’s homes in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania, I am committed to keeping mothers alive to care for their families. Plain and simple: with mom’s around fewer babies will die. That’s what I want.
Turns out I didn't have to decide. My husband came home a couple of days later and informed me that Matthew's teacher had asked us to make the turkey. The turkey?! I guess no one else wanted to sign up for this task. It's only like the biggest and most important part of a Thanksgiving meal! I can understand why no one would volunteer for this!
Erik Wenzel is an artist living in Chicago. He received his MFA from The University of Chicago in 2009 and his BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2003. Recent solo exhibitions include "Warm For Your Formalism" at DOVA temporary and "Belief in Doubt in Painting" at 65GRAND (Chicago) both in 2009. This Fall Wenzel will present "Live A Little, Live Ennui" at the President's Gallery of Harold Washington College. He is currently editing and contributing to “Internal Necessity: a reader tracing the inner logics of the contemporary art field” to be published by Sternberg Press in August.
The new plan is called Making Winter. We will be sharing tutorials, seasonal recipes and lovely wintry images.
Grishka and the Astronaut was a 1970 fictional Russian story about how when a boy speaks to an astronaut for advice he is told to visit the Moon. The translation was done in 1981 as part of that flourish of children's books from Russia in the early 1980s that I have mentioned.
But in the mountain tops,
And I say "very possibly" because official, governmental concerns about the nature of sudden animal deaths - and animal disease - have been in evidence for decades. If, that is, one knows where to go looking for that same evidence.
Being members of the Big Country also differentiates those institutions from the “leftover” FBS schools in the MAC, WAC, and Sun Belt (and any wannabe FCS schools trying to get in the action, like Appalachian State or Georgia Southern). Essentially, Big Country universities would become the middle class.
McCain, according to Romney advisers, blew it on all three scores. And of the three, the most conscious effort by Romney's team to do things differently will be in the V.P. selection process. One Republican official familiar with the campaign's thinking said it will be designed to produce a pick who is safe and, by design, unexciting -- a deliberate anti-Palin. The prized pick, said this official: an "incredibly boring white guy."
Roger grinned horribly.
An avocado, spinach, fried egg, siracha sauce grilled pita sandwich
Learning in a liberal arts setting is the same way. No joke!
And now for the reminder part of this post...
This past week, the Ohio Supreme Court agreed to review that Appeals Court decision.
Unfortunately the only feeling I could sum up was one of faint irritation. Yes, I most definitely got out of the wrong side of bed this morning, and what is worse, I am home alone and the Head Chef is not around to take the blame (for it was surely his fault, as he was out boozing with the boys and came home late so I was forced to wait up for him, reading a very interesting book). Well, maybe not boozing, he tells me that he only drank one small glass of wine, but certainly I feel quite out of sorts because of it.
By Team A (Brett, Jamie, Jeff, Victoria)
today's peek:
This video made me giggle because it’s so fucking 80′s cheesy…and I’m pretty sure that song was recorded in the 90′s. BTW, I realize there are some moderately attractive women doing a concerning amount of pelvic thrusts in the video…but if you find it even the least bit sexy, man, don’t even bother coming back to this blog. BANNED!
My sister (in Chicago) bought some of the snack packs. I tried 3 flavors and loved them. They were great while I was traveling around last weekend.
I realize that diet is not going to "cure" my rheumatoid arthritis. However, I know 100% that when I stray from my diet, I have flares. I know that when my daughter eats gluten, she will have an itchy rash covering her entire body within 24 hours. We have learned this by listening and observing our own bodies. We are cautious about the food we eat because we feel eating well is the right thing to do for both our spirits and our physical bodies. I wonder how often kids in school feel this same way. How often do they feel like they have no rights in listening to who they are? How often do they feel the style of teaching has no effect on them, yet they have to sit there for hours taking it in?
New cyber collaboration rules include:
Y21
So I proceeded to make the first round of jerk salmon with the tomato rice and mango slaw. Although, the mango slaw just kept separating and none of us thought it would be “safe” to eat… but otherwise, the salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned really well, as was the rice! Since it went so well, and we all liked it so much, I thought I would make it again – not to mention the fillets of salmon looked so good at the market last saturday so I had to get some!
The mysterious material-spiritual science of alchemy was once pervasive throughout the ancient world, spanning the globe from China and India to Egypt and medieval Europe. In The Elixir of Immortality, Robert Cox reviews the alchemical lore of these traditions and the procedures each used to produce this fabulous elixir. Using his own alchemical research, Cox then reveals secrets that have been kept hidden for millennia uncovered in his own modern-day quest to rediscover this long-sought elixir of life.
Clutch and sink into the wet bank. The wind
And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.
"Once I was her lover
Meeting up with friends and family at the weekend, and the subject of food and cooking came up, as it often does. I was talking about making things like gnocchi and albondigas and everyone seemed impressed (once I had explained to them what these things were) and it occurred to me that most people stick to a few dishes that are tried and tested, and often passed down through the generations.
formu- lating for the past several weeks. Carpe diem.
In the back of my mind I had a rug for the third-floor bedroom in mind -- something to go under that squeaky iron bed from which Sukie has the habit of letting her book drop as she falls asleep! (My room is directly beneath!)
Today, I take to heart your Son’s warning: “Would that you were either cold or hot! So, because you are lukewarm… I will spit you out of my mouth” (Revelation 3:15–16). Merciful Father, make me hot! Whatever it takes, whatever it costs me, give me the Spirit-salve for my heart-eyes (Revelation 3:18) so that I may see what is Real, believe what is True, treasure what is Valuable, and forsake what is worthless.
Now that I’ve ranted, I hope I’ve changed somebody’s mind today. Maybe it was one of those prissy preps from your school that judge YOU for being who you are. And if so, then I’m glad I could help. For now, Au Revoir. And Have A Pleasant Day.
I don’t know what her delusional fantasyland is like, but I am happy to not live there with her. And more importantly, neither does Little Dude.
i hope and trust that you are enjoying
Religion teaches us the identity of our Creator Whose existence we discover with our reason. Through what He has revealed to us as religion, we know that He is God, the Compassionate and the Merciful, Who created the heavens and the earth from nothing.
As we sat there in shock, we remembered none of our family was there. Now they were ALWAYS around, and could we get a hold of any of them. NO! Finally reaching my dad and brother in-law, everyone was on the way.
A peculiar programme, this, in which it was difficult to discern much of a connection between the first and second halves. But there was much to enjoy, and only one work – or rather, part of one work – proved a little disappointing. Saddeningly if predictably, audience acclaim tended to be in inverse proportion to the success of the performance; indeed, quite a few audience members did not even bother to stay for the second half.
Now, I was getting really annoyed. I was trying to prepare my heart and mind to write about the importance of guarding our minds…and I could hardly think about anything but ants. How was I going to get anything done if I kept getting bit?
*sigh* yet another surgery is coming up for Eli. This will be his 5th surgery and he is only 4yrs 4 months. :( He will be having a revision done to his nose. The last time it was done it didn't heal very well. Now his nostril and nasal cavity on the left size is smaller than the eraser on a pencil.
The Vermilion Boys Tennis team opened up their season yesterday with a 3-2 victory over the Huron Tigers Monday evening. Winning for the Sailors were the doubles team of Eddie Adkins and Tim Niehart, and singles players Kevin Cole and Chaz Hansen. Good job guys. The Sailors tennis team plays at home tonight versus Bay Village.
Two new collaborations:
It is the beautiful Eden like cavern that contains the picture perfect stream and warm bright light, which simultaneously contains fire and brimstone. However, this ancient containment chamber has been constructed and decorated by man.
Graphic 45 Staples – Flower staples 4500230
If you can stay sober through the hard times, the dark nights of the soul, the places where you lift your head and find no friend has followed, no love has lasted, no answer proved true—if you can hold still for a moment and receive the depths of the dark ocean floor as you drift down to it, with nothing to numb you from the waves of fear and rage and sadness—if you can remain there as firm as a tuning fork, even when your only vibrating tone is pain, even when there is not enough air, and your thoughts rush like sand, and you ask for help but no light comes, no help arrives.
Okay, there are other people who need to use this computer. Everyone on base is coming off base to try to contact family.
Rhee founded StudentsFirst in late 2010 as a way to impact education on a national level by pushing for changes in state law. Last year, the organization advocated for more than 50 laws in seven states, including Florida, Michigan, New Jersey and Ohio.
Stan The Man Musial. Arguably the best ballplayer alive. His Rookie card is in the 1948 Bowman set. Can you believe this is his first Topps card? Stan was in a few Bowman issues in the early '50s, then when Bowman went away, he signed a contract with Rawlings. Apparently Topps wouldn't pay him enough until they finally ponied up the cash in 1958 and get him in the final series of '58 Topps. Stan is visible in Topps team cards in 1951, 1956 and 1957 though. This is the first real Topps card of Stan, although his first base card (not subset) is in '59 Topps.
In any other circumstances he would have slipped out of the place and made plans to lay as low as possible for a few days. He would have thought that his Profile had been compromised, taking her for the one sent to take him out. He would make sure that his suspicions were correct, then he would spring into action, eliminating the threat without further delay.
"Trust is hard, and learning to trust yourself is a continuous journey, full of learning and re-learning your own strength and capability, while learning to accept weaknesses and mistakes. A great strength of unschooling is, I believe, the gift of being confident in the innate ability of children to learn. Giving them trust. And in so doing, breaking a cycle of teaching dependance on authority, breaking the cycle of teaching children that they're incompetent and incapable of having a major say in
Washington Post Staff Writer
and I look upon time as no more than an idea,
Contest end 05/09/12 11:50 PM Pacific Time.
Thank you all for joining us last week!!
Casein/Caseinate/Sodium Caseinate – Milk protein. In “non-dairy” creamers, soy cheese, many cosmetics, hair preparations, beauty masks. Alternatives: soy protein, soy milk, and other vegetable milks.
7. Fat Man
St. Paul frequently admonishes early Christians to “speak the truth.” It seems somewhat strange at first – surely telling the truth is so obvious that it would not need mention. That telling the truth appears obvious is true – but people engage in lying all the time. Why is telling the truth so important?
Afterwards, we listened to a some live music from 8.0 and mosied around B&N.
In a pressure cooker, cook the moong dal along with the turmeric powder, green chilli, tomato and 3 cups of water for about 4 whistles. Alternately, you could cook the moong dal in a stockpot or a heavy bootomed pan, covered for about 20 to 30 minutes, until the dal turns soft. The dal could also be cooked in the microwave.
A human male reflexively drools and stupefies over a highly attractive woman out of an involuntary need to fulfill an inner hunger. The All-Attractive Male does not at any time relate to women in this manner, although his legendary pastimes with women crush any playboy or “Don Juan” into shameful dust. The All-Attractive male is exactly opposite to the material imitation of manhood. The deeds of the All-Attractive result from an overflowing of his inner self-satisfaction, a desire to amplify his pure and natural bliss by sharing it in infinite ways with infinite other beings.
I wish I could tell you I love you.
Swamp Shark
Mr. Swartz had two loves in his life. The second of these was rocks – sedimentary, metamorphic, and igneous (though I suspect he was abnormally attached to the igneous ones, I could never be certain). However, his love of the rocks positively paled in comparison to his love for his yardstick…no, I’m not being euphemistic.
I’m pretty sure I used the apostrophes in the right way. Does anyone else read the word “apostrophe” as “apostate”?
This is my first time in Florida. I know I have several dear readers who live here, but I have to tell you, I've never had a burning desire to visit this state. I just got in last night and haven't seen the place in the daytime, so I'll suspend judgment.
The next pair of socks are not that exciting. I bought some super-cheap yarn in Lidl. For a wool/cotton blend I was pretty impressed, as costwise it works out at £2 for a pair of socks. I used the Basic Ribbed socks pattern (Rav link) but changed the heel and the toe slightly so they were knit more like the Thistle socks. I knit both socks top-down at the same time which was new to me and a bit confusing when I got to turning the heel but it all worked out ok.
Accessories - 1/2" pleated white satin ribbon, 1" crocheted ribbon, 1/2" seam binding - dyed with Gypsy reinker (all May Arts), Bling Assortment, Bamboo Waxy Flax (CTMH)
Umno supreme council member Puad Zarkashi was also quoted by various newspapers as saying that Najib “is confidant now is the right time.”
Gilbert said it’s not uncommon for one of the birds involved in a cockfight to die in the ring. She said often sharp objects are attached to their talons before the fights.
Let them know you tagged them
Getting there should be another story all together. I'm pretty sure I've gone on more trips in the last two years than I did the rest of my life combined and I've brought Lil' J on all but one. Luckily this time I have my iPad, packed with games she normally has limited play time for, and I'm going to buy a couple episodes of Sesame Street and Yo Gabba Gabba. That will surely get us through the trip there and back right? (I pray).
They couldn’t go there yet because Jesus’ death, burial and resurrection had not yet taken place. Jesus then goes on to further comfort them by promising them that the Spirit would come in His stead while He would be in heaven preparing a place for them.
The next post will be more of the house tour.
When I get warmed up and set a timer, I can shut out pretty much everything else. It’s really fun to just sit there and commune with the characters while they’re doing weird things.
o) What do you think would make a perfect first date?
Like Leslie, I have one of those beater blades that scrapes the side of the bowl for you while it is mixing the ingredients. If you don't have one you should really invest in one. They are wonderful and I wouldn't be without one. (I sure used "one" a lot in those two sentences!) :D
In a large saucepan, saute the ham, onion and mushrooms until onion is translucent. Remove from pan.
and count our greasy bills
Hannah Grace is bound and determined to finish reading New Moon before the movie comes out on November 20th. I caught her reading it under her covers with a flashlight last night way after bedtime... Maeci, on the other hand, is perfectly content waiting for the movie. If I ever caught her reading a book after bedtime, I would probably fall over from shock! It's funny that Hannah gets in trouble for something Maeci would get praised for---hmmm, once again, I need to rethink my parenting strategy....
This was my second visit to Zahav. I fell in love the first time (not in a Vetri way), and couldn't wait to return. Finally, I got the chance.
You can’t make your heart feel
On our way home the kids convinced me it was also a good idea to stop off at Hungry Jacks for a choc coated ice-cream which I watched them eat in envy :p
Okay--in an effort to get caught up, I'm going to try to get February and March squished into just a couple of posts.
09. Cheap Sunglasses – 4:48
Some more fun with Angelus is the highlight here, also a big shocker of a surprise when Cordelia is revealed as evil. I feel like I kind of already spoiled that news in other episode descriptions.
So as a family we engage in regular teabag smuggling, getting PG Tips supplies brought over by whoever can do so. Last time Matt went to London on business, he bought 3 boxes of 80 teabags and lugged them all the way to the Eurostar terminal only to have the bag disintegrate, leaving him with no other option than to decant the teabags from the boxes into his overnight bag and laptop case. It’s a wonder none of them ended up getting run through the washing machine with his socks after arrival back home. We had to store them somewhere and this is where my jar collection came in handy.
will break through
The Reframing Birth and Breastfeeding: Moving Forward conference took place on March 11-12 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Leading experts in the field of birth and breastfeeding gave presentations on cutting edge findings and best-practice models of care that health professionals can adapt and implement in their own communities.
My wife refuses to send me to the store for anything. She knows me too well. "Get a gallon of milk"; I return with prosciutto and asiago cheese. "Get a loaf of bread for sandwiches"; my bags are stuffed with mussels, limes and Corona. "Get two bottles of wine for our guests tonight"; six Cabernets, a white burgundy or two, a pair of Chardonnays, a Merlot and Riesling later and I'm loading the trunk like a sommelier on speed. Not to mention a Dewar's White Label for good measure.
Bria's a good girl trying to go bad. Rowan's a bad boy trying to stay good. As they travel across a panorama of Mayan villages, remote Belizean islands, and hostels plagued with jungle beasties, they discover what they've got in common: both seek to leave behind the old versions of themselves. And the secret to escaping the past, Rowan’s found, is to keep moving forward.
The "Claims" indicate a total of 13,305 claims.
Guesting on other people's blogs
I painted with lavender paint and some white gesso to make the base a little more interesting.
You think you’re clever…
I saved my photos for last, mainly so you all could get a better first impression of TH from the “professional” pics. I definitely don’t have the equipment, nor skill, to take sporty, indoor, action shots, but oh well, it’s fun anyway.
SkippyMom and I have several Bloggie Buds in common but somehow I had missed her blog until just recently, and believe me ... it was my loss. That's been rectified now. She's a very funny lady and I'm hoping now she'll tell me how I can get the purple from Mynx's pool out of Moppet's fur. Yeah, it was some party.
Battling and besieging him all around are the hags who have plotted to destroy that future society in which everything is so perfect. Truth to tell--the future perfect is quite Orwellian and Troy is trying to understand his place in events and what it means to be an actor in them. The questions he asks are germane to each of us as we try to understand how our single action compile into history.
Fine, it doesn’t sound like the most thrilling way to spent 15 minutes, but let’s not forget that messaging and typing have always been a big part of the BlackBerry DNA and it isn’t exactly the kind of thing the company can afford to screw up.
The label for the button placed over the background shape.
meal.
Father, hear the prayer we offer:
What we see here is first of all a smug, self-righteous boycott of Israeli settlement goods. This has unfortunately become so routine that most of us, at least in Israel, are completely unaware of this anti-Israel activity.
And another thing, I’m American. I’m very glad you did a couple of episodes in America, that was great. I’ve also seen that you are doing more shooting in America for the 7th series. But please, whatever you do, do NOT try to Americanize Doctor Who! I’m rather upset already that Matt Smith’s Doctor hasn’t even been to London yet (unless you count that alternative timeline London). What’s up with that? I miss London. I’ve never been there in real life, so I have, in the past, used Doctor Who’s travels to London as a vicarious visitation. So, I’m ready to go back there, please.
Okay, while there’s really no chance to win the $600 crib, I’m gonna shoot for the carrier. If you wanna give it a shot as well, hop over to Raising Olives place and enter!
This is my first time to be a Guest Designer of any blog and I am so honor to be asked by Anything Goes Challenge Blog to be their July Guest Designer. I can not wait to see what everybody else's creations. Thanks for having me.
