This book is awesome, I wish I could write like this.
So right now we are down to one guest bedroom.
I tried these for the first time on New Year’s Eve this year, encouraged by my mother (oh yes, I am very rock and roll) who assured me they’re widely drunk in the Caribbean. I was also encouraged by the fact that all drinks made with Captain Morgan were $4 that night.
So I went back home for two weeks...I didn't know what to expect, as soon as I landed I quickly realized it was like I never left, yet I was seeing my city...New York City through different eyes as if for the first time. Places which I took for granted before became moments to be savored, since I do not know the next time that I will be in NY.
This is our greatest Myiarchus. The american subspecies dwarves the lesser dusky-capped; the lower subspecies is more detailed in size to the excellent crested and the ash-­throated. Brown-cresteds prefer more older, secure environments where bigger home space are available. Polytypic (7 ssp.; 2 in South America). Length 7.2–9.2" (18–23 cm)
Q028) Fill in the blanks of “surprisingly, I’m ____”?
But think of it.
A lot of dogs are used to confront suspects, guard their human handlers, and keep our streets safe. This is a dangerous job that requires a certain level of training and mental maturity so it is a tall task for anyone, or any dog. Some breeds are more suited to this type of work, but as a Chihuahua in Japan proved, any dog that can be trained is a valuable asset.
"PATTISONS.
Ms. Egan expained she had come up with the title before the story. Each story that she began, she wondered, is this, finally, A Visit From the Goon Squad? At some point while writing it, a line of dialogue made her realize that her WIP was, indeed, the long awaited A Visit From the Goon Squad.
Hjálmar
Summertime BBQ Theme:
6) If you enter any of my other giveaways you get two extra entries!!! Just look on the right side of my blog for all my current giveaways!!!
Understanding Fine Crystal
Oh and there was some bizarre Artie/Sugar/Rory triangle that doesn’t deserve to be explained.
Despite the game having a big sticker on the box that advised the customer that this is an M-rated game (ratings guide is here). The game is about graphic murder, is rated M for a mature customer/player, and what was the reaction?
of blood mingling with saliva and on
By the early 19th century, the house shared the northeastern shore with a smattering of ferry docks, including one owned by an ambitious young periauger operator named Cornelius Vanderbilt. As New York grew to become a busy port city and a capital of wealth, some prominent residents flocked to the Staten Island shore for respite. Moguls, businessmen, socialites, even Vice Presidents (Daniel D. Tompkins) built lavish homes a short carriage ride away.
Nampaknya kena jual la pula Queen & Queen II aku. RM 80.00 siap pos. Ada siapa-siapa berhajat? he he he.
Other - Uniball White Gel Pen
“There has never been a demand for an alcohol ban on campus from Muslim or non-Muslim students.
5. TEAM SPIRIT (7:24)
My Time Made Easy provides you with the basics for creating your own coordinating handmade cards, tags, and gift packaging in no time. It is fun, affordable, and we made it easier than ever! I have always said that it really is all about the TOTAL package. Now you can afford to create and dress up the simplest of gifts on your own, and make them appear to be that much more special. Nothing says love like something handmade.
On the fourth Sunday the Church offers the “Ladder of Divine Ascent”. This book by Saint John Climacus spells out all the behaviors that build up our souls and those that tear it down. Each is like a step on Jacob’s ladder to heaven.
Friday - 18 miles (yes, on a workday). I broke this up a little because I needed to check in at work at 9:00. Originally I was going to do 11 plus 7 but I knew those extra miles after stopping would be hard. So I decided to get up earlier and squeeze in as much as possible (and planned my route accordingly). I prepared by leaving a jacket to throw over my running clothes, plus a hairbrush and hairdryer in case I had to mop myself up and do a quick court hearing. Don't worry, I sweat but I don't smell. Really. I could make myself marginally presentable, if needed.
8. . . . still avoid Paris, France cause of all the public smoking & dogs in restaurants. I know this makes me sound uptight & boring. So be it.
Pamphlets also are an awesome technique to uncover the ideal mega yacht. Pamphlets will offer you with all of the a great deal more information about an extravagance yacht as well as any approaching open days a certain yacht could well be holding. Having an open day, you will find a led viewing with the yacht to make the decision what you are able have the opportunity truly be buying.
I have so much to update you guys on (a 10-day trip to freaking ITALY complete with pictures!), and I have sorely missed writing creatively. It has been truly sad; my life has been so hectic that I haven't sat down with my current work in process in MONTHS, and just admitting that fact makes my heart die a little.
On Saturday morning, I tried my best to be “bad boy” joey while attending the academy. LD gave me a pack of cigarettes, I undid my tie, forgot my handkerchief, and I wore a black shirt, etc. And, I spoke in my native tongue “Brooklynese.” As class ended, I asked the three spankateers for their verdict. Was I “bad boy” joey?
inextinguishable and glowing
I really want to try and raise as much money as I can for the Alzheimers Society here in the UK this condition effects a lot of people worldwide let alone the UK and this is our way of helping towards their research.
Here is the "May Flowers" image I worked with:
My sister is not a 16yrs old girl, she's like ... ehmm... wait... 20's something but she dress like 30 yrs old something. So to know that she have this wired-AGJ-bandanna I was like "whaaaaaattttt????"
Whenever you hear a racialist Democrat yapping about “the Southern strategy” your hair should stand on end. Republicans like Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, who spent their entire political careers fighting Democrats to end racial discrimination were spitefully accused of having a “Southern Strategy” because Democrats were witnessing their political domination in the South, end. The reason the South flipped to Republican was not because Republicans with proud civil rights records were reaching out to racists. It was a reaction to how the Democrat endorsed 60′s hippy, drippy, (occupyish) “worst generation” was polluting everything it touched.
The Cotton Club Parade
But that doesn’t mean things are hopeless. Although direct and questioning, ‘No Local’ takes a positive view about the possibilities for social change. If we confront the market and its political rulers, we can build social movements that begin to create an egalitarian society – a legacy the Arab Spring and Occupy movements have begun to reclaim.
“Please Allissa… Let me do this for you” he finishes, and she nods in ok.
Add in tomato, stir until it turns soft. Add in the chili flakes and salt, stir well.
Make the Ganache:
6) It appears I have to work out three hours a day and skip all wine, beer, and chocolate if I ever want to lose even a single pound. Frustrating, that.
Accessories: Houndstooth embossing folder, Sizzix Big Shot die cut machine,Nestability dies, Real Red satin ribbon, white flocking powder, dimensionals, liquid glue, snowflake edge punch
A few weeks ago we decided to try our hand at growing mushrooms. We bought a mushroom kit from the local nursery and set it up in the garage where it is dark and cool. We have tried it in the past with no success, but this time, we have had excellent results, having already harvested 30 or more mushies, with plenty more to come.
they stand still
The Aloha is a chipboard piece from Joann's
Scott Thomas Coleman, 31, New York, N.Y.
Other: markers large oval punch, button
When Obadiah Preston drove up to the Cafe Epsum Illum in the tiny town of Waysconin, Carlifonia, it was early autumn and the leaves on the tall maples behind the old crumpled building in which, on the ground floor, Cafe Epsum Illum was nestled were just beginning to blush. He’d looked up, craning his neck behind the wheel of his canary yellow pick up truck and thought to himself how, all things considered, things could have been worse.
Dates: Jul 9-20; Aug 6-17; Age/Grade Range: 7yo+
Again, we find our answers in the Scriptures:
July 12, 2010 will always hold a celebration for our family! Our GOTCHA DAY anniversary, our very first one, was celebrated with a picnic lunch at a little park up the street from Brad's office. Jacob and I had a lovely nap! We tidied the house and got ready to have our parents and siblings join us for a Chinese food dinner and brownie and ice cream dessert! We put together a 12 minute slide show to some lovely, significant songs and shared it with our family. Jacob beamed as he watched picture after picture of him through the past year! I tried to post it on here, but it will not cooperate. I posted it on facebook and then got a message saying that I was infringing copyright stuff so they removed the video. So, at this point, we'll just have to share it with people as we see them!
That evening, we embraced ourselves for another crazy night at VBS. After two nights of trial and error, the third night was probably the best night of VBS we have had yet! We learned a much easier registration technique, the game was simple and fun (Simon Says), and we prevented a lot of disturbance during the lesson with a candy incentive. The lesson was so much fun too! Willie was leading the lesson about Paul surviving a poisonous snake bite. DJ and Kaleb were villagers on the island, Matt was a pig we shot for dinner, and Jennifer had a toy snake she slithered down the aisle (almost every kid screamed and ran to the other side of the room when she came through!). All of this made the lesson easy to listen to and exciting for the kids to watch. We had a number of decisions made for Christ as well. I don’t have exact numbers but it was probably around 10-12 children that went to the back to pray with our leaders. We walked away from VBS feeling that tonight absolutely amazing and that God was doing some miracles in the lives of these children!
If you watch the video, that is a pretty lame “profession of faith.” At the 3:14 mark she emphasizes how she respects all religions, then shifts to some politically correct / New Age nonsense to describe her faith, such as “aligning with the values of tolerance, acceptance, harmony, cooperation and reverence for life” (even though, presumably, she is still pro-abortion). Of course we should respect people, but Christianity doesn’t teach us to respect false ideas.
I could see them all on the ‘right side’ side of the pavement, chatting away. I had two options here: I could either abandon the green man and run across like a bat out of hell or allow the green man time to compose himself and HELP ME CROSS THE BLOODY ROAD!!
“In order to spare my feelings perhaps?” The zealot picks at a speck of tobacco on his lower lip.
To help stop an attack of diarrhea, shred a peeled apple on to a plate, let it turn brown, and eat it. Apples contain pectin, which helps bind loose stools."
A.)
The Bulk of the Mailable Universe / Jules Gibbs
The judge returns.
So far, it's been disappointing.
Travel + Leisure recently surveyed its readers on the 22 major airports in the U.S., asking them to consider a range of factors from baggage handling and cleanliness to location and WiFi availability.
Another example that cut deeply for me is a scene when Peter, one of the boys, was at a Christian youth group meeting at someone’s house, and everyone treated him like an alien, and it only reinforced in his mind the idea that he didn’t belong. Of course they meant well, the leader talked about loving people because God loves us even though we do nothing to deserve it. But as they talk about that, and then go into their time of music they don’t even realize how awkward it is for Peter because all this only reinforces the fact that his home is on the other side of the world and he is all alone.
Being 'brave' will not be enough... how do you go on? I know, have to... but how?
At the same time, I may use this as a platform to ramble incoherently during drug binges, which again lends itself to the concern over the accuracy of my presentation of the instances in question.
As an extra special treat, Clean Mama Printables (here) is offering all 5 Dinners One Hour readers 20% off your entire order through February 16th! Just use the coupon code 205DINNERS at checkout!
And now he’s sleeping…so peacefully.
McDonald AD, McDonald JC, Armstrong B, Cherry NM, Coté R, Lavoie J, Nolin Ad, Robert D. Fetal death and work in pregnancy. Br J Ind Med 1988; 45: 148-157.
The question is regularly raised: is Ron Paul electable? But, the more important question is, if he is elected, will he be killed by the financial and power elites?
Teenage twins Ysabel and Justin Nicholas are lucky. Ysabel's jewelry designs have already caught the eyes of the art world and Justin's intelligence and drive are sure to gain him entrance into the most prestigious of colleges. They even like their parents. But their father has a secret—one that threatens to destroy the twins' happy family and life as they know it.
Ms. Burden said she had spent more time studying the 125th Street proposal — including attending 30 to 40 meetings and walking the street on several occasions — than she had on any other project, including Atlantic Yards in Brooklyn and Columbia University's expansion in western Harlem.
Although he is perhaps best remembered for his New York cityscape views and theatrical compositions, his business was incredibly varied. He was apparently just as happy to visit Thomas Alva Edison's laboratory (above) as he was to stand in the street outside Lazarus Levy's clothing store on East Broadway (below).
I know I have been missing in action lately, but I’ve just been so busy, and still am. Today was literally my only day off from work plus school for like since forever :P lol…but it all starts back tomorrow.
As the end of the semester approaches, the phage hunters (some new and some old) are weeks into tackling the special projects that we proposed as the annotation of the genome came to a conclusion. Some went the route of bioinformatics and decided to use a more technical and technology-based approach, while others, including myself, went back into the lab to perform experiments. Now, these experiments ranged from testing out other phages for possible family relation to the A1 subcluster to finding more about Manatee, the phage we submitted, as well as the phages we isolated on our own. As for myself, I tried to look into whether or not density seemed to affect certain plaque size and morphology of my isolated phage, Antiswag. Perhaps there might be a subcluster of phages that contain a gene that controls such characteristics under specified conditions. And after weeks of tests and wacky results, I seem to have not been able to reach any sort of conclusion. In other words, I have failed.
“Were you going to allow me to tell my side of the story?” As soon as the words took flight, Denise regretted them. She knew she sounded whiny and weak. Two of the worst possible positions for her at this time. No matter what anyone said, beneath the surface in her company, men still overruled the women. Denise was tiring of the battle from managing men.
Obviously I'm being silly, but there is a kernel of truth. My wife's parents were part of the theatrical world of the 1960s and whenever I hear anecdotes about them or their friends, it sounds as if they lived in an enchanted age. It's not that stories themselves that impress me, but the incidental details: being able to move around London easily by car, turning up at the BBC to see if they have a job and actually getting one (which changes from teaboy to assistant producer within months), buying a four-storey house in Islington for a few thousand and the way a casual flirtation would end up in bed.
(Long silence on his end.)
Thanks for the information Karlos, I can’t wait to try out LA-31 Boucanee!
A place to belong.
And then the next week, it came back again, and stopped again. Now I began to worry.
Although some areas of your body may deserve more attention than others (think hips, pecs, and thoracic region of your back), it is imperative to recall that you are currently preparing your body for an upcoming training session. Therefore, it is clear that you will elicit a profound chemical response on behalf of your dynamic warmup, strength training, and conditioning/speed work. Despite the fact that the post-workout period and non-training days could (and should) serve as an opportunity to “dig in”, a brief five to ten minutes at the start of your training session should provide the necessary benefits without negatively affecting your workout.
I feel no need to create a tidy take-away lesson from my experience. I did not post Inga's birth story to advance an agenda or to teach about neonatal resuscitation. I simply wanted to share my experience of labor and birth with people I care about, and with those who care about me and my family, even if we don't know each other personally.
While you’re at it, let the sun shine in. Open curtains and drapes to give yourself plenty of light, for an energy boost.
1) Let me get this right. Genetic science accepts and can define race while social sciences negate race? Genetic science=based on hard facts and DNA while Social Science=based on egalitarian, leftist biases? I think i can see a problem here!
The key to understanding these deals is understanding the Subscribe and Save program. You can sign up for Subscribe and Save for anything from diapers and wipes to laundry detergent. Once you sign up, you will automatically begin receiving these items on a certain day every one, two, three, or six months (depending on what schedule you sign up for). Just for doing this you will automatically receive 15 percent off and free two day shipping. You can change your delivery schedule or cancel at anytime with no penalty. Right after you place your order, you can just cancel your next scheduled delivery at no charge. When you sign up for Amazon Mom, you get a free 90 day subscription to Amazon Prime, which gives you free two day shipping. You also will receive an additional month of Amazon Prime for every $25 you spend on “baby” products. The $25 is BEFORE any discounts, including the Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save discounts. Amazon Prime will make you eligible for all the greatest sales and the free two day shipping. Having both Amazon Prime and joining Subscribe and Save will automatically give you whatever you order under this program for 30 percent off.
the School Board last month, Child Nutrition Services has selected
I have a friend who is an exterminator and I had said I wasn't worried about bedbugs, because he treats them commercially and told me what to look for, I have a steamer, and I check my bed every time I change the sheets. She asked me if I have him come over and do any steaming, could I get him to come over to her place. I swear, she makes me want to punch myself in the fucking face. Get the fuck up off my cock, and call your own fucking exterminator, instead of trying to get free shit from people. I told her, I can do it myself, I'll only call him if I see anything I think is bedbugs, and she might want to invest in a steamer if she was worried about it. MJ asked her again who has fucking bedbugs, because that's something everyone in the building has the right to know. She refused to tell him. So tomorrow, he's going to go to the homeowner's association meeting, and tell them that Chatty Patty told us some mysterious asshole in the building has bedbugs, and won't say who, so we're assuming it must be.............HER.
They’d all gone their separate ways, with most of them heading back up to their native north east England. Only Andy had stayed in London, settled in a house he’d bought with the more-than-good-but-not-quite-as-much-as-you-might-think money they’d made during their time in Bon Voyage, and tried to forge out a solo career that had lasted until the summer of 1998, when he’d realised that he couldn’t really hack it on his own. His music was being panned, the fans were slowly deserting him, and a more-than-very-public-affair
Transferring to Domestic Flights
Happy almost Mother's Day!
My older brother, H, has developed a survival strategy that makes the Antarctic look warm!! Even his youngest daughter wishes he’d relax and ‘let his hair down!”. He teases without warmth. He has to be ‘right’. He has to be in Control. The result is he now runs his life in a way which excludes acts of love by those who love him. He seems unable to show any sign of vulnerability or warmth.
- Yes To/ No7/ Etival skin care: 15% off
Yet, his performance was on occasion less than stellar. With Our Lord’s crucifixion hours away, at one point Simon Peter declared his never-dying loyalty to his Master and only a short time later, now in a hostile environment, he denied that he knew him. From this lapse, however, he recovered in a burst of penitential tears.
What sort of snacks do you give to your children?
Friij got out a little pouch from his dragon’s saddlebag, and shook it out onto the ground. Five little stones and a bigger pebble lay there, each glittering and glimmering as the sun shone on them. Snow Woman picked them up and threw the first throw, but as the stones rose in the air, Friij twiddled his little finger, and the stones bounced off Snow Woman’s knuckles and fell to the ground. Friij smiled a wicked smile and picked the stones up for his turn. He made a perfect throw. At the end of the seventh and last round, Snow Woman had not won a single point.
Hey there! You’re about to read John and Darcy. I bet you’re excited. You are, aren’t you? You shouldn’t be. This story sucks.
“These to the printer,” I exclaimed,
transition than I anticipated. In fact, it kinda felt like raging a war!
These early chapters of Acts the focus is on Peter and rightly so.
Munch, with ‘Kiss’, offers us a snapshot – a man and woman ensconced, merged. While, no prospects are suggested either for the couple’s future or the kiss’ past, light is shone upon the act of kissing itself, presenting it variously as: an intensely sensory experience, albeit one forgoing the use of vision; an intimate act of joining, bringing two separated worlds together; and an ephemeral, magical escape from drudgery. For me, who is quite a fan of kissing, who has been fortunate enough to enjoy some rather spectacular kisses and kissers, this is nothing short of extraordinary.
I will never cease loving you in this world
For those souls that are currently 40 years of age or younger and not capable of providing for themselves in the future and do not have families capable of providing for them I am willing to offer government housing and services. This would provide that while they are capable they volunteer at least 4 hours a day/5 days a week/11 months out of the year as needed in the community. I can see no down side for either political party with this one. Democrats might see it as a burden for the person while I think that most Republicans would see it as a great way to spend time and bring pleasure to the person providing the volunteer service and the people receiving the volunteered service. But this meets the democratic talking points except that we are expecting some return on our (the taxpayer) investment in their livelihood.
The canvas I had on hand from a year or so ago when Big Lots was selling tons. The paint is a sample from Home Depot of Behr’s Premium Plus Ultra, Paint & Primer in one, in the color Millstream. It’s a really pretty light blue.
But I got onto my bike and at the first pedal, the chain came off. Someone had fiddled with the gear-shifter while the bike had been parked there. Oh god, not this, not now, I thought, and quickly put the chain back on. I cycled away from there and as I hit the first uphill and shifted to a lower gear, the chain came off again. This happened thrice more in the next one kilometer, but then the cycle found it’s rhythm, the gears seemed to ease into the place and I realized how I could never have made it so far without the bike behaving as well as it had. I changed into the cycling shorts (beneath my shorts) at one of the wayside bus-stops and tried to tell myself that it wasn’t all that late. It did actually work to my advantage because the highway leading out of Sagara isn’t marked on the sides with white lines and it was really painful every time something came charging from the opposite side, headlights blazing. So it was with a sigh of relief that I saw the sky brightening up soon after.
this epiphanie bag.
Without a doubt, you will not go wrong with Penny's Skillet Beef in Wine.
“… According to the fascist-traditionalists, to write haiku without kigo meant anti-tradition, which in turn meant anti-Imperial order and high treason. …
A few definitions:
o Now Greece is angling for another bailout of about $150 billion.
2 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro
Poppy must have noticed how torturous this whole scene was for me, because he invited me to go for a ride in the car. The car! We spent a long time riding around (Poppy does the driving, but I lean on his shoulder so I can both supervise and be available for when he wants to scratch my ears). We went in and out of a lot places, sometimes coming out with new toys, sometimes to hug people.
I'm okay with that though.
The images below display typical examples of Modernist and Post Modernist designs. Thinking back to the work we have done on analysing design objects, choose a pair from below and compare the two designs. Then tell us how you think Post modern design differs from Modernist design, using the examples to illustrate your point.
On a chilly rainy day we made a trip to Maison du Chocolat on Rue Sèvres. Outside, we ripped open our box of treasures and ate squares of roasted coconut and hazelnuts enrobed in dark chocolate ganache. I could feel the cold wind seep away from my bones, replaced with the warm truffle melting in my mouth.
RAPTOR SNATCH: commercial fiction, is complete at 83,000 words.
That night we pan seared the trout, and accompanied it with a lemon butter caper sauce. It was super yummy and fresh. Guess who caught the bigger fish?!
As a tropical country located at the centre of the Indochina peninsula in Southeast Asia, Thailand abounds with seafood, rice, vegetables, coconuts and sugarcanes. Greatly owing to its rich and fresh raw materials, Thai food is internationally famous as Thai girls. It pays much attention to the flavouring substances and most of them are peculiar to Southeast Asia and Thailand. The most common and typical flavouring substances are Kaffir Lime, fish sauce, Kanthari chilli and curry paste.
BARMAN - It's not.
Every once in awhile I have posted on this blog about something that I wanted to go back to school to do. These things were ideas born of desperation. I just wanted to stop doing what I was doing....but it was out of the frying pan into the fire! No more. I have been granted a reprieve and believe me, I know how lucky I am and I am not going to blow it!
“Error of Opinion may be tolerated where Reason is left free to combat it.” - Thomas Jefferson
2. Breathe 3:01
Wed-AM: 1:22, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
Rylee saw the urologist a couple times this month. The reason we saw him twice instead of once is because she got another UTI. The cathing had been going well. I noticed that her urine looked a little different so I called him and asked for her to be tested. Sure enough! UTI! He said that we caught it early enough that medicine should be able to kick it. He said we shouldn't worry because she is always going to have bacteria in her system and that we just need to monitor. OK, sounds good. I just need to trust him and move on!
I think by now you've all seen the new covers - here they are on some exclusive postcards:
It offers me guidance through the transit for the paltry fee of $60. Um. Further random paragraphs from a word processor. Might be worth checking the exchange rate to see if it is worth $60 to me. But then, if the exchange rate reaches £1 = $100, the global financial system will have collapsed, and my internet probably won’t work anyway.
Alternate: Samson and Delilah (Australia)
12 Now More Than Ever (INC) 2:11
This may not be the greatest post to make a return with, and the photography may not be the best, but hey, I had some inspiration, 10 minutes spare time and Arnie’s comment gave me a kick in the pants at just the right moment. So there you have it.
Whoaa, what’s going on? As a cooking lager enthusiast my basic principle is to get a few beers down me as cheaply as possible. I’ve nothing against premium authentic beer, it’s just that I don’t mind the standard brands and flogged cheaply they hit the spot. But when they are not flogged cheaply, what’s a cooking lager enthusiast to do? It’s all in the price. Just as the posh beers are really not as great as the beards would have you believe and the lout not as bad as they make out, I’ve nothing against necking the posh beers. There ain’t no brand loyalty, just loyalty to your own pocket and hard earned wedge. If cheap enough, cheers. Shop around, do the maths. Currently the premium posh stuff isn’t retailing at a premium over the standard stuff and worth a sniff.
I told myself that I would no longer be controversial in my posts, but I am making an exception. Will someone from Crossway or the Grudem translation team (Bill Mounce?) please answer my questions? I will post any official responses here and call attention to them on my FB and Twitter posts.
Furthermore, the willingness of what is presumably a small set of Antifa members to viciously attack specific individuals, be they politicians, judges, or political activists, is probably more of a problem for those who would oppose Islamization than the mass mobilization witnessed recently in Cologne. Identifying the individuals responsible for these attacks almost certainly constitutes a better reason to infiltrate Antifa than that outlined above, the costs of which could well outweigh the benefits.
All in all, it was a 9 hour brew session that could have been shortened to about 6 with a bit more planning and little less stupidity. But hey, there are two beers, one big and one small fermenting away, so I guess in the end, it's counted as a success.
My first card is for a close family friend and their son Micah is turning 2! I just love making kids cards. They are so fun.
The old suitcase can display anything from paper goods to clothing items. here they used a clothesline theme to hang things. Old suitcases can add lots of charm to a vintage store or antique shop.
As you all know Colleen and Lesley have been the keepers of this wonderful little blog for sometime now, and I think you will agree they have done a wonderful job of keeping things running. Due to other commitments the ladies have decided to step down and pass on the running of the blog to myself (Tracey) and Kat.
265gr toasted nuts ( I used 35gr sunflower seeds, 93gr hazelnuts,27gr brazil nuts,110gr almonds)
2. Simple in design regardless of the number of embellishments or how long it takes to color, stitch or to use a special technique. OR
Cute, huh? And really good prices, too.
I didn’t go to a pool once this past summer. I went to the beach with my friends Lauren and Rachel on the 4th of July, though. We all shared a blanket, ate fruit, and drank sangria out of the plastic flag cups that my mom had bought years ago. Although we had spent what seemed like hours searching for parking, then getting snacks, then walking to the beach, by the time we were on the blanket it didn’t matter. I wondered why I didn’t go to the beach every weekend and sprawl out on a blanket.
Lunch: Chicken Noodle Soap (120 calories), Breyer’s French Vanilla Ice Cream (140 calories)
(Those in the know liken the web to the “Wild, wild, West”.)
Then the day came when I received the email saying yes!!
Though nowhere near that level of suffering, I know that when cycling up hills I find a similar technique can help focus on the rhythm of pedal rotations rather than the burning thigh muscles. When I cycled in Nepal I found Joe Jackson a constant companion, which culminated in the rather surreal moment when an American cyclist called Eric Forsthoefel and I burst spontaneously into an acapella version of “Is she really going out with him?” which we sang from first to last note. I’ve often wondered about the reaction of the villagers who witnessed us do this, for once complete we got back onto our bikes and rode away into the dust.
My children have all developed my love for the written word, and at our home we each have a personal collection of favorite books, and a family library with books on just about anything you can imagine. Years of collecting at yard sales, book sales, and book stores have filled our house with a delightful way to pass a lazy afternoon. An armful of books is a most delightful burden to bare.
Here is a thought from which all arrogance has been removed, and only truth remains. For arrogance opposes truth. But when there is no arrogance the truth will come immediately, and fill up the space the ego left unoccupied by lies. Only the ego can be limited, and therefore it must seek for aims which are curtailed and limiting. The ego thinks that what one gains, totality must lose. And yet it is the Will of God I learn that what one gains is given unto all.
State: Chillin, eating a Chicken Ceaser Wrap
bit about The Summer My Life Began? Summer, tan skin, ocean, cute surfer boy, strolling a Farmer’s Market, riding tandem on a moped, lazy afternoons in a hammock, uncovering some unbelievable secrets, and did I mention cute surfer boy?
We don't really know what's going to happen. But I have a feeling it's just that we're taking the long road. And as hard as that is, we can do it. We've done it before. We truly believe that everyone involved is doing all that they can. Gladney is calling us every day to keep us in the know on our case. And they are advocating for us every day. They're also advocating for Ruthie's birth mother. We have no ill will towards Gladney - or towards the government system in Ethiopia. We believe that everyone is doing their best to ensure that our adoption is ethical. And to ensure that things are just. That's ultimately what we want. But it's hard to be in the fire. Waiting.
It looks like Tennessee has taken one step along the road presented by this graphic:
For those who have never experienced it, manual labor brings with it lots of aches and pains but transforms the world around you into something more real. Food tastes better, the air feels fresher (even when it rained and you had to be out in it), and you never take your work home with you.
I realized I never shared my weekend adventures! The manfriend and I took a little day trip out to Philly to Lancaster County. Yes, we saw an Amish horse and buggy. Multiples actually. And yes, that made me happy. Yes, I said hi to the cows on our journey. It was truly pure delight.
I encourage you to go visit IndigoBlu.com. All stamps are on sale right now with their introductory pricing, but that won't last forever, and the designs are all wonderful! In addition to the introductory discount, the Head Honcho Alfie says
“How about this: instead of handing control over that education to someone else, decide what it is you would like to learn over those four years and then… learn it. Thanks to the Web, the material covered in virtually every undergraduate program is readily available at little cost—and the same is true for many advanced programs. And, having learned it, spend a few hundred dollars to create a website or even simply a YouTube channel on which you demonstrate your new skills/understanding. Conduct research. Write it up. Build something. Translate Cyrano into English, maintaining the Alexandrine meter and rhyme. Whatever it is. Then, when you’re ready to apply for work, submit your resume with a link to this portfolio of relevant work.”
The assistant professor in the department of environmental, agricultural and occupational health sees second-hand exposure to meth as an increasing health problem in Nebraska and the nation.
I am waiting for a colleague in the station of a small university town. He is not late. It’s just that I am very early. From the dry safety of the station I stand watching hundreds of umbrellas pouring out into the street. Most people exiting the station are students. Of their umbrellas, there are full yellows, bold reds and bright oranges. Some are decorated with flowers or patterns. I stand waiting, and watch this vibrant multi-coloured stream flow away towards its campus and think about colours.
Tim Holtz- filmstrip ribbon, doily lace,
According to the above verses Christ can do whatever the Father does, something that no mere God-fearing creature would or could ever say (especially one who is supposed to have been a Muslim) since the Father does the things that only God can do. Christ further informs his audience that he is the judge of all and that everyone must honor him in the same way that they honor the Father, which means that they must worship him as God since this is the kind of honor that the Father receives.
would you still look at me the same way?
None of this would, of course, have happened if it wasn't for Steve's enormous writing talent which, even though the first draft of Changeling was far from perfect, was in my opinion, blindingly obvious. Steve's ability to take direction and his intelligent approach to making editorial changes also reassured me that this would be someone who could work with the right editor and make Changeling a great book which of course it is.
As you may have heard, the Fly Tribe sent out invitations earlier this month to two other groups of artists/creative biz owners to have them join us in exploring what we all love about art. We are thrilled today to welcome to the party members of the 2010 Flying Lessons class as well as the participants in Hello Soul Hello Business.
you inhale
In a medium bowl, stir together the berries and sugar. Set berries aside to macerate while you prepare the shortcakes. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Cut in butter and shortening. Mix in half-and-half. Drop by large spoonfuls onto a baking sheet. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 15 minutes or until brown.
I've had some health problems and there are things going on at work that are getting ugly fast. I'm sure I'm just distracted and not really in a creative place.
Back to Black by Amy Winehouse
(*The Khoikhoi, also called 'Hottentots'.)
Paul in chapter 3 expounds further on the mystery mentioned in chapter 1. Of the dispensation of grace towards the gentile that had previously been only extended to the Israelites. The mystery of Christ, which was not made known the to the sons of man in prior generations. Could you imagine a Jews leader tell his flock they would one day be fellow heirs with gentiles in Jesus Christ. “I can’t.”
Do you blush when writing the steamy scenes?
I would’ve said, “What the hell are you doing you stupid bastard? Just run in and flip the ball to the ref and let’s get a touchback,” except with a lot more fucks and shits.
This is really just a form of cannibalism– a government feeding on its own citizens...Who can possibly stop these bureaucratic crooks, who hide in plain sight? Mr. Black's advice is to bail on the United States:
Once you begin you are caught in a trance
He shared his encounter with a PR grassroots leader who never harbor the intention to settle in Singapore:
Here are the stairs. Nothing fancy! In fact, there is nothing fancy about anything in the basement. It is just a nice, clean, open space for now and will probably stay for a while because of our lack of time and money. Plus, our kids are loving the open area to run and play.
A seemingly simple task. Not glamorous, but necessary! For many soldiers, a simple drink of water offered encouragement, strength, hope, and life.
Since the look has been making waves over the past year or so with celebs & civils alike, I thought it would be fun to revel in some of the best-executed top knots ... Wouldn't these be oh-so-lovely for a wedding of any sort?
2 We are to learn Torah and to teach from it
While Apple and Nokia publicly announced a patent settlement for an undisclosed sum in June, they did not divulge any specifics, except to say the agreement resolved all litigation between the companies and that Apple would make a one-time payment to Nokia and pay future royalties. At the time, the settlement was viewed as a victory for Nokia.
Maybe the occasional visit of the vendor or inspector can be overlooked. One whiff won’t kill them.
* Even if there was use of "MR SPICY" by the defendants, such use was not use "as a trade mark" following the ECJ case in Arsenal Football Club plc v Reed (C-206/01).
Total consanguineous marriages = 32.2%
Nightcap — a knitted silk hat with a tassel on the end
in January’s
From the very beginning, torture was considered a research field in social sciences. During the Korean War, the BSSR (main “black” propaganda research centre) was charged with carrying out studies for the Army to identify Eastern Europe population’s “vulnerability targets and factors” while defining different “aspects of psychological violence.” BSSR reported on the effects of traditional interrogation techniques – electric shocks, blows, drugs – all funded in part by the CIA, especially on the populations of Viet Nam and Africa, geared at improving torture effectiveness.
New Mexico
cases, the Specially-made Assignments are dated AFTER the foreclosure action has been initiated, making it appear that the Trust somehow magically knew prior to the assignment that it would acquire the defaulting property several months after the foreclosure action was initiated.
160x600 on sidebar. I can make a banner for you for an extra charge of $10.00.
Turns out the man was Louis Henry Mitchell, Sesame's Associate Design Director of Special Projects. He was sitting next to his wife, Jackie. Turns out they just got married!
Somebody told me letting go is not easy
The Concord Raiders signed Leinart to some one-year contract on Tuesday, providing them with two former Heisman Trophy those who win from Los Angeles at quarterback.
Stephen Harper, who has said time and time again that he has no interest re-opening the debate, and that he intends to vote against M-312, is still coming under attack. Liberal MP Carolyn Bennett argued that for someone as controlling as Mr. Harper to essentially argue that his hands are tied in allowing this bill to come forward, seems contrary to his character, and therefore, the intentions of the Prime Minister must be suspect. It’s an attack that I find somewhat persuasive, but disagree with the abhorrence a debate on the issue has been met with in Ottawa.
HP: Ah, thank you! So, your first question, what would you say your books are about? Are they a series?
Where’s the president of the United States on the most pressing financial challenges of our country on entitlement reform? Where is his specific Medicaid reform proposal? Where is his specific Medicare reform proposal? Where is his Social Security reform proposal?
Love is neutrality: it is the true absence of judgments, censorships, desires, worry.
Michael Bolton/ Kenny G.
"Ah well," he said, "It's a virus so we can just treat the symptoms. I can give you Brufen for the pain?"
And I felt numb.
59) I am a klutz, and have been one all my life. There's a reason my parents didn't name me "Grace." I trip over invisible objects. I do much better if I walk barefoot. I used to go barefoot all the time when I was a teenager, and the soles of my feet got to be about a half-inch thick. I could walk over a long, long stretch of asphalt when it was well over 100 degrees out, and not feel the heat through my feet. I used to get detention every day in 10th grade for going to school barefoot.
All country music rocks my world. Seriously.
Alex Wild / from “There is No War Here” / 120
This is really hard. I've asked other goat herders about various aspects of deciding what kids to keep, but my head and my heart are tugging at me something fierce and I hate it when they disagree.
Quickly, and without warning, Sid cut the wheels hard to the right and the engine raced, and the tires screeched, and the front left hubcap abandoned the wheel and raced across the hammer lane into the median.
Indeed, i am against the Mandatory Work Activity, Work Fare and the Work Programme to a point. However, i am not against good honest, community spirit inducing volunteering. And i’m also worried that, with people being placed on these activities through their providers and job centres, Volunteering will come to be seen as being associated with the Unemployed and, to use a buzz word, “Scroungers” paying back to the community what they take away in Taxes (we still pay VAT, so even the Unemployed aren’t exempt from some form of Taxation).
The man asked you to acknowledge the part that England played in creating what used to be the English Capital. Some might say, the only part. But then again not really being British you should not be expected to know. For despite all your airs and graces and all so English ways Boris, you are nothing but a foreign impostor and you know it. A cowardly one to boot. A rat born in the back of a stable is not an horse.
Your arse is stuck now
What a carry on I've had with blogger. A few weeks ago I managed to accidentally change my blog name-but, I thought I'd stick with it. I thought that if my old name no longer existed then there'd be no problem, but oh no!! I know a few people were having problems, even when the entered my new name it kept directing them back to my old one, so to keep things easy (after losing 3 hours the other day) I've decided to go back to my old name.
Maybe He's waiting for us to acknowledge the pit in our stomach and let the tears fall so we can make room for the peace He's holding in His hands.
You will need at least a medium sized rice cooker for this and it doesn't really matter if it's one with all the bells and whistles or one that you have to keep pressing the "Cook" button down because it keeps going into "Keep Warm" while you are cooking the damned onion. Ask me how I know. If the cooker goes into Keep Warm while you are cooking the rice without the liquid, it's OK, don't freak out, my did and the rice turned out delicious!
(Film) Favreau, Jon (dir.) Iron Man. Starring Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Jeff Bridges, Terrance Howard and Samuel L. Jackson. 2008. Marvel Studios/Paramount Pictures.
And so it was that Dr. Chickenhiemer, finding that the coast was clear at last, climbed up onto Bantum’s chest very stealthily and quietly and began to wave his wings in slow undulating motions around the giant’s head. “Cluuuuuuuuck-cluck-cluck-cluck… Cluuuuuuuuck-cluck-cluck-cluck” he was intoning softly as his pinions stretched forth making delicate designs in the air over Bantum’s forehead. “Cluuuuuuuck-cluck-cluck…”
Step 6... The Teapot and Cup (and spoons). I knew that I wanted something fun to hang, suspended, from the center of the mobile and I had a great idea! I went to Toys R Us and purchased an inexpensive plastic tea set. Then I went to Home Depot and purchase silver spray paint and a short piece of clear rubber tubing.
About The Makers Project- Jen's been documenting the working spaces of Brooklyn-based artists, designers, chefs, metalsmiths, perfumers, ceramicists, and woodworkers for some time now, so if you haven't had the joy of exploring her project, brew a cup and head on over.
I’ll keep you posted as details are negotiated for release.
I watched Grey's Anatomy last night, and there is an adoption subplot. And it was designed to make you cry at the end, but I literally sobbed big ugly noisy tears for half an hour. Not because of the show, but because the I had a moment where I remembered I will never have a baby or a diaper bag with extra pacifiers because my son was 10 years old when he came to me and I am so burnt out on parenting I can't imagine starting over. And at the same time I know I do not love him the way I would love a child I had held as a baby, and that makes me feel sad and guilty all at the same time.
I’ve tried to write this post a few times but it just feels too big…too important. I started to write a whole post about my “goals” in parenting, but I realized that everything I had initially been focusing on was for the early days (breastfeeding, immunizations, etc.), and while all of that is important, to me that’s not actually parenting.
The snap peas were fired too soon, so they began to “wilt” while the salmon and rice cooked – that was just lack of forethought on my part. Mostly I dont fire things off too soon, so that everything is fresh and just prepared at the same time (it takes practice, believe me!) Then the cookie dough was ready, and while I know that the dough needed to rest for twelve hours, I had to make a control batch right after the dough was made to compare the 12 hour rested dough to!! So I balled up some cookie dough and stuck them on a cookie sheet and pressed them down slightly with the tines of a fork. I did notice that the dough was very dry and didnt stick too well or ball very well being so dry – which is interesting because there is very little dry ingredients in this recipe!
Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser are among the most memorable of all sword and sorcery heroes and Leiber was one of the masters of the genre.
I don't like ass kissers, flag wavers or team players. I like people who buck the system. Individualists.--George Carlin
1 fakin'
This whole game makes me think about autism and health, about what we know and what we don't know. Because really, it strikes me every day, that we don't know much at all.
Umbrella is the story of a little girl, Momo, who is oh-so-excited about her birthday presents. On her third birthday, Momo received red rubber boots and an umbrella. But Momo has to learn some patience. For the rain is SLOW in coming. And her parents aren't going to be easily persuaded that her umbrella is a must for dealing with sun and wind.
As for evidence of spinning itself, it seems to go back a very long time before recorded history, but nobody really has any idea how old it is, as far as I can tell. Ancient pots are embellished with patterns created by pressing a cord into the wet clay. The Greeks of Homer said that spinning was taught to humans by Athene, who turned Arachne into a spider for getting too good at it. The Navajo say they learned it from Spider-Woman.
Andrew Joseph of Giraudel has been sentenced to three months imprisonment after stealing over $60 worth of cheese from Save-a-Lot Grocery Store in Roseau.
Maybe it just isn't possible for me to go into labor on my own.
columnist Edward Schumacher-Matos (11/27/09) declared that Obama was
This is a super easy idea to DIY, and given that they're even tied together with string, you can remove as needed! I love incorporating natural elements like this into my seasonal decorating, especially around Christmastime and springtime.
how to bubble
paper pieced sun
the Chai I can totally see and think I would love to taste
"Two down, thirty-eight to go," said Arawn. He knelt and pushed his arrow through and cleaned the blood-sodden fletching on the orc’s hide pants as best he could.
2. What is your favorite place to shop for clothes for you? What about your kids (if you have kids)?
So, last we left off, it was the end of Day 1 of Wednesday’s and my second trip to Disneyland back in 2008. (Yes, there is a REALLY good reason for all the recent Disney yappin’ going on around here lately, trust me, but you’ll have to wait for it.) (Sorry.) As you recall, I had met Mary Poppins and Bert when I went to the bathroom on Day 1—but just wait and see who we met on Day 2!!!! Read on….
The mall was also built to entertain/impress - with a faux 'river' running through the heart and gondolas for rent (yeah it's kind of like the Venetian, Las Vegas). With high tourist traffic due to the hotel and casino - there are many international brands at this mall, even when it comes to eateries. Oh yes, this is where Nancy Silverton's Mozza has its Singapore outpost. We didn't try it as we have one in LA, and we'd rather focus on things from, or that you can only get in Singapore.
Walk with us....
A fun image that is fab to colour
Just sold a lot of 9 Bw*SiLvEr Wine Stoppers to a lady in June Lake, CA to sell at her awesome Handmade Boutique!
If you are a regular visitor to my blog, you will already know how much I love gingham and I added lots to this card using some of my favourite gingham ribbon and a fabulous yellow gingham paper.
Johnny Mathis – When A Child Is Born (Soleado)
i'm part of that generation that said i will raise my children to be critical thinkers, good of heart and generous of spirit...
“Because we’re going to have to pay DirectTV a moving charge.”
I wish Trinidad was a place where you got answers to questions.
As she now looked at him with dreary eyes
Both addresses point to it:
Family and friends gathered on Mother's Day to say their final good-byes to a beautiful lady. She had a send-off she'd have been so proud of.
I just wanted to say good morning and good luck to all my political friends and colleagues who are also standing for election today.
The other highlight – for me – was a visit to the Kunsthaus Tacheles. I visited this artist commune/squat for the first time about four years ago and it’s almost just as I remember: grafitti on every available surface, loud hard house music pumping through the whole place, and just a faint whiff of wee. That aside, it’s an awesome spot…budding artists get a place to show their work so you can spend hours wandering in and out of photography, sculpture and painting exhibitions. I saw about 5 in one afternoon.
These girls were real troopers. They played 17s and 18s teams that were much bigger and more experienced then there were, but they hung in there pretty strong and never got negative with each other which is saying a lot when you are discouraged and tired. Plus, they have a really fantastic coach that keeps them going and pushes them along even when they want to give up. We are really getting our money's worth in a coach like him. I also put some footage of the matches on Facebook if you get a chance to look those over. I'll try to put together some sort of a highlight reel if I get a chance.
Retailers that will be featured in the Fashion Show include House of Fraser, Harvey Nichols, French Connection, Ted Baker, Fred Perry, Next, River Island, Bank, New Look, Reiss and Warehouse – and many more.
Spread the goat cheese on the top of each steak and broil for another 30 seconds.
That the hole in my heart is not permanent, it will never go away.
They're having a little crop at Scrapdango and I decided to get in on the fun. So this challenge was for their PE class. The requirements were to use an action photo, circle and something to convey motion, with extra credit for getting the word team in there somewhere.
So, they're fun to look at and funny to read, but are they real cookbooks? Yes! The recipes are written with ingredients and steps clearly listed. Each volume also includes a table of contents and an index. These books are rarely on the shelves at my K-5 library. They are usually checked out from the beginning of the school year till the last possible minute before summer and there is usually a waiting list. Each of the books includes a bonus--stickers in Wookie Cookies and a hard plastic template of Darth Maul's face in Darth Malt.
Wall - pastel beige
The successor product was variable universal life with performance tied to stock market returns instead of interest rates. “Although the product became very popular, the many dips in the market made for major league disappointments,” Tessler said. “The maximum allowable yield on a variable product was an inappropriately high 12 percent.” When these products also failed to perform as buyers had expected, the result was more unhappy buyers.
There is a plan, conceived by positive people in the military, supported by civil authority, to arrest the members of the banking Cabal for their crimes against humanity. Our visualization will support this plan, so that it manifests as soon as possible, as non-violently and smoothly as possible. We will support brave heroes that will carry out this plan. Something like this has never happened on this planet before. This is our chance to be a part of it!
Please note that the following donations are requested in support of conference costs:
Laid-back self-service is the order of the day here. It’s DIY everything, including writing your own order on the supplied waiters pad. Help yourself to cutlery or just roll up your sleeves and dig in.
Nambikai: Don't Play-Play, I am glad you feel this way. Your advice should be firstly directed to the mainstream media (MSM) such asNew Straits Times, Bernama, The Star, Utusan Malaysia, etc.
I look back now at how this nook as evolved from a cradle hold while I nursed him to sleep as a baby, to an acrobatic half cradle-half sitting up spot as a young toddler as we neared the end of our nursing relationship, to sitting straight up with his back against my belly with books in hand. The last few months his position has changed once again. I can no longer bare his weight on my belly and so he sits almost completely sideways on my lap to make room for his books, teddy, penguin, giraffe, blanket and of course, my growing belly.
Then Lumpy got in on the action, grabbed a handful, and shoved it straight in his mouth.
AND THEN.... it was finished. Before I knew it, I was holding this camera in my shaking hands!! (See below, left....sorry for the small pic; I will later take one with my digital) It's hard to see that the Asian coin in the photo above which surrounds the pinhole is now covered with a fancy brass latch and hook with snug material inside to prevent any light from reaching the hole. Also notice the polaroid 'back' which Arunas has amazingly developed using a vintage Polaroid camera; the kind with the bellows.
Saturday was a wash at our house – between soccer games, yard sales, gymnastics, and a haunted corn maze (so much fun) there wasn’t much time leftover for reading – that usually has to wait until my Sunday morning coffee.
After consuming a reasonable fried breakfast at some faceless motorway service station, I arrived in Lincoln at 10.00am. Lincoln is a small city that fits the 'quaint' description but there's two sites that you need to make time for. Lincoln Cathedral looks awesome from the front; it's just like any other cathedral on the inside mind, but worth a mooch just for the stylish wood carvings depicting the Twelve Stations of the Cross. The second sight is the castle, which is a two minute walk from the cathedral. This place held more historical interest for me; it used to be a former womens' prison and is still used as a county court. But the jewel in its crown is that it holds an original Magna Carta and I was eager to give this important document a butcher's. Unfortunately I found out that the original charter was away on tour and replaced with a copy, similar to the one that's displayed in in the cathedral. AWAY ON TOUR! Now why didn't they tell me this in the first place? However, the surrounding exhibition more than made up for the disappointment and also on display is the ancient Charter of the Forest (not a facsimile), written on animal skin and dating from 1217, this was still in use up until 1971 making it the longest remaining statute that was in force in England. The explanation of how both charters came into existence is simple to understand, beautifully well presented and therefore an ideal day out for children. I was in my element.
“This is an important lesson to remember when you’re having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won’t feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can’t feel real joy unless you’ve felt heartache. You can’t have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can’t know what it’s like to feel holy until you know what it’s like to feel really fucking evil. And you can’t be birthed again until you’ve died.”
Enos returned to Earth after completing two orbits and travelling 50,892 miles. The whole mission had lasted just 3 hours, 20 minutes and 59 seconds.
I had to change the order of construction a bit to get the neat insides I like so much. The facing had to be completely sewn in by hand and the bias binding along the top of the skirt was the last to go on. This way the zipper and any raw edges were totally enclosed by the facings, lining and binding.
If ye break faith with us who die
Slight splattering’s of humour have always been evident in Spielberg’s work, add three British comedy writers to the mix and The Adventures of Tintin has it in abundance. The movies wit is welcome and is crucial in keeping the narrative (which ebbs and flows) enthralling throughout. The antics of Captain Haddock and Thompson & Thomson are very entertaining, much to the credit of the actors behind them. Hardly suprising with Andy Serkis, the King of Mocap adding yet another CGI classic to his acting belt.
My team also analysed the website based on heuristic inspection and the Webby Award criteria. I learned a new perspective of how to view websites. Most websites I would have considered as excellent would have been based on the visual look and feel of the site and the functionality. But from the website analysis, I realised this viewpoint was limiting for understanding website design. There are many more factors that need to be considered when building or redesigning a website.
Celebrating the Mass Activity-
The reason why this is so important is not some abstract notion of being dutiful citizens of democracy in a country where it is our responsibility to remain active, educated citizens. No. As anyone who has lived through the weekend of a hundred tornadoes, or seen the consistent 70+ degree temperatures in February in various areas of the country (most noticeably, according to blog aggregation and Twitter feeds, in the Northeastern part of our country), we know that we are not living in the times of the nuclear scare.
So I have a few things to pick on. And as a added bonus I shall present them in list form.
The label promises that the beer's "appeal is in its feat of balance: toasty, biscuit-like malt flavors coasting in equalibrium with hoppy freshness." A friend of mine sitting at the table as I took notes offered a rebuttal: "it's weird and tinny and stale and gross. It would not be a beer I'd be proud of."
We can learn a great deal about peace from the Quakers, who call themselves Friends. We do not agree with them doctrinally, but we must admire them as peacemakers. Under the leadership of William Penn, the Friends made peace with the Indians in Pennsylvania while others were fighting and killing them and being killed by them.
Apple Crisp
Recently this picture was featured in a fan-made music video for the song “The Future Now”. You can download the video here:
So I was craving some pumpkin beer – yes, this time of year, I actually start wanting some, and I don't care if you think I'm a freak – and I decided to be brave and try something other than Buffalo Bill's. So after considering the five (!) different varieties available at HEB – man, everybody is getting in on this fad – I settled on something called Jack's Pumpkin Spice Ale. Only after I got home did I discover, much to my disgust, the words "Anheuser-Busch, Inc." on the bottle.
Early tranquil calm.
Tuesday May 01 2012
Family Kiwidutch are still visiting Whakarewarewa village in Rotorua, in the centre of the North Island of New Zealand.
15) Ace
Well, Savannah knocked Austin into it a while back. It broke off (and Savannah got a black eye from that encounter). Austin was able to get it back on, but I think that loosened things up because the kids managed to knock it off again a couple weeks later and this time the little thingys that go into the little places, broke off. That's the technical explanation. In plain terms: it broke.
Benefits: Natural looking tan, builds up gradually and effectively, streak-free & orange-free, moisturising & skin firming, gorgeous smell.
Eyeleted Paisley Button Up
And from the trestle I could look down
To me, whether the building itself is used, or whether a new building is built in the same spot is moot.
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to feel ‘ashamed’ of these images within my mind and within this, only prolonging my process of taking self forgiveness and responsibility for every allowing them in the first place.
...Stunning papers are also a collection I've had for ages & forgot just how much I love them! Its the Shabby Chique collection by Tim Holtz & comes in lovely muted shades of pink's, blue's & grey's. I've used a label shaped 'Get in Shape' template to make the front & back of the bag, which has been cut using the largest size from Bazzil card-stock & decorated using the next size down with designer papers. I've then created a middle section approx 1 1/2" thick with flaps either side to join the 2 pieces together. The insides have all been decorated with the same designer paper collection too. Edges have been inked with Weathered Wood & distressed with craft knife.Lastly the handle has been cut with Martha Stewart Doily Lace edges punch & attached to either side. Here's a closer look...
*Pneumonia.
I strode with purpose into the anteroom outside of the Oval Office on my way to see the President. The President’s receptionist attempted to stop me, but one look at my intense demeanor was enough to convince her that I would not take kindly to being hassled or delayed. Five strides and I was across the room, forcefully opening the door, and making one last mental check of all the information I needed to relate to the Commander in Chief. I knew I would be interrupting a meeting the President was having with some of his top advisors, but this situation could not wait.
“What?” I said, opening my eyes.
Holiday-themed family movies are generally a mixed bag. You hope it’s going to be something timeless that becomes part of a yearly tradition, something magical that brings pleasant memories to you of holidays past. Most of the time though, it’s an easy cash-in flick for families that want to do something with the kids on their days off, at least when the movie is in theatres. These movies feature almost nothing memorable about them at all, and only become yearly traditions because TV stations buy the rights to broadcast them and fabricate showings as event viewings. Maybe I’m jaded, but the only thing memorable about Hop was the terrifically racist chick character, Carlos (Hank Azaria), and the traumatizing image of a CGI rabbit pooping jelly beans.
You were only $39.99. Maybe I'll fight these hoarding tendencies and get you all by your lonesome anyway. But I'm sure I'll go back and you'll be gone. And I'll forever walk the aisles of Target kicking myself for not just getting you when I saw you.
was reportedly sold to the
It would have been just as “bold” for Obama to decide that an operation to get bin Laden was too risky, and jeopardized critical U.S.-Pakistani relations to too high a degree.
Doctor: “Hi, how are you today?”
Psalm 24:7
Telus Building Room 236
"Oh," I said, the full reality not setting in just yet, perhaps. I'd grown up on a farmstead, I'd been intimate with the miracle of birth and the inevitability of death for many years by then. My grandfather, the first human death I dealt with, happened when I was eight.
Here is my close up of the right hand page. I inserted our ticket stubs form the basketball game in the top right hand pocket. I journalled about the game on the computer in the bottom right corner. I realized after printing that I shouldn't have included the 's on the journalling but hey this is all about everyday life so I opted to leave it as is (and I didn't have another sheet of the same paper LOL!)
Are you ready ?
A poem for him:
yawning in the morning
When we got back I really didn't want to make return phone calls (the calls I had declined while floating), but I did ... to further cleanse my mind ... and then had a ten hour sleep. Yep. I am fully rested.
At a single stop, you can buy Beanie Weenies, roach spray, steel wool, toothpicks, frozen chimichangas, Earthquake brand high-gravity lager, gloves, Axe body spray, a mechanical pencil, pliers, something called “gum-out,” a can of boiled peanuts, satin roses, Sasquatch big sticks (an extremely cured meat product), hotdog buns, Lunchables, Bimbo colchones or cinnamon-roll-flavored cappuccino. In fact, you can buy all of these items at the same time, though the guy in line behind you will be muttering something in Spanish about “tu mama” to his fellow landscapers.
Lastly, my copies of the PIG HEART TRANSPLANT/JUHYO - Split 7" showed up today. Beatiful layout, very excited about checking that out.
Why do I do these things? Because I want my kids to learn to function without me. My job isn’t to handicap them, it’s to give them the knowledge and foundation they need to soar higher and more successfully than the rest. I also want them to have FUN. As cool as I am as a mom, I’m even cooler because I leave them alone to do things and only step in when I’m really needed.
2- Leave me a Comment that you would love this Candy Package
They say it was very expensive, this "worst nightmare," but all it cost was $100 million ---- and the lives of seven random people!
6. Books. Read more for leisure.
took a different dimension on
Smalls: Yeah, and she…
While I decide whether or not to teach a homebrewing class, I thought I would put some things together that I could use in the class. These will come in no particular order and follow no particular rhyme or reason for when I post. I just felt like it.
Don’t run, don’t hide, don’t rise to hit.
God, Who leads us to rainbows through our dark jungles
Of course today was fine .. .. and Colin arrived .. .. at 12.08 with my order .. .. and as for my carrier bags .. .. .. .. I love them!!!
08 Rosalita (12:13)
So…I will get going with these ideas but I really appreciate any other thoughts or ideas.
Jack commented on my "fancy shoes"
I know that I still have that English composition. It is somewhere in one of several boxes of old school materials in the attic of my former home. I specifically remember thinking that I needed to save this paper for when I get older.
Me: Why does it hurt your feelings?
Now you did not think I would finish this post without posting a recipe, did you?
That, on a Gotham City rooftop, is practical.
Sunday morning I got up at about 6:30, got coffee from the lobby, and ate my English muffin with AB and jam in my bed. The race didn't start until 9. Around 8:15 I headed out to do my warm-up, stopping back at the hotel for a final potty stop before going to my corral (yellow). It was extremely crowded, as always. The weather was cool but not very, so it was easy to ditch my Goodwill sweatshirt.
I thought I might feel sad today, because of how far behind she is, how far she has to come, how I know subconsciously that she’ll never “catch up”, but you know, I don’t. I feel proud of how far she’s come. I feel grateful to be her father. And the best part? I didn’t think of that nasty c-word all day. I think it’s the first time I haven’t since she was diagnosed.
A banana cream pie smoothie. I almost wrote it off because I assumed it would call for a box of splenda and some sweet and low sprinkled on top, but I read it anyway. I was so wrong. It didn't have any sugar substitutes in it at all... YAY! Time to test this puppy out.
It is the witnessing of Jesus’ disciples (and that includes us of course) that allows others to hear the truth and, as John said, the truth sets us free. Free from the old story of our lives; free from dead ends and despair; free to hope and to live.
Shoes - River Island
And Kassia (Vegas) has clearly been taking tips from Kathy (Tucson) and took some pictures of me sleeping and sent them off to friends. I didn’t even have my jammie’s on!
Today it's the turn of some of the wonderful little Hatters and why don't you jump on over to the challenge blog and have a look at the fabulous samples. I am sure they will be inspiring you.
It's been an 'in-and-out of the craft space' kind of day, and I found myself completing another card. It's even simpler this time, and so not my style...!
Following the last of these two posts one of the followers of this blog emailed me to inform me that his friend Keith had created and sold those cassettes from his African/Latin records stall in Camden Market. "They were naturally very popular and sold well, and now seem to be doing the collector's rounds via the web. None of this was sold as CDs because it was all before CDs were easy to home-copy, and long before the web and mp3s", he added. In a later mail he recalled that Keith moved to teach Economics in Botswana University.
I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by glory…¹
Winner: Sheamus
Mark Stone and Sholto Kynoch have now made a superb recording of Havergal Brian's songs, first part of a series which will be the Complete Havergal Brian Songbook. At last, Havergal Brian works for me!
To the rhythmic swaying of the grass.
I was told that this cute little Green-winged Teal has been hanging out at the Fullersburg Woods Forest Preserve since last fall and has become quite friendly towards people since he has been there. Over the next few days I will be posting several pictures of this adorable duck.
After a month of taking ourselves off the radar, I’m happy to greet March. A new month. I can collectively chuck February into the month of adjustment, the month of wallowing, the month of learning how to swim again. I know its not that simple, that with the flipping of a calendar page I can’t effectively pull myself up by my bootstraps, stop my flailing, become stronger, better, organized and balanced. But I can start. Time, in truth, heals. As does rest.
27 Heroes and Villains
Much of the presidential race has been dedicated to one question: who is a true conservative? It’s a noteworthy question for further discussion. The GOP candidates are trying to claim the title and convince the GOP primary voters of their realness to secure the nomination.
We usually conduct mystery shops when we are desperate to eat out and have no money left in our eat out/Dave Ramsey budget.
10. Haunting double-tracked vocals, their notes slightly incongruous. Damien Youth? If it's not him off of the one cassette I've downloaded, I don't know what it is. It's very beautiful and I want to listen to the whole thing. Indeed, "Hunger Circle" off of "Festival of Death". But I couldn't remember that's what the record's called, so that's a point lost. This music deserves an examination or ten by people more equipped than I, though. It's not Heavy Metal but it's equally intense and sometimes disturbing, but it's also other things, less blatant. If anyone can suggest where to go from this, be it to other Damien Youth material or other similar artists, I've got some space inside me for a little more like this.
As I have laid bare before thee many times hence, I believe in universal duality. I believe that there is certainly a negative/positive, good/evil dichotomy intrinsic to the world in which we live. I think that most of the time we become confused on which one is which due to the wretched ball and chain around our ankles known as culture. We are conditioned to view the world from the point of view of all those who have come before us in our particular people groups and it is the blinders of culture that keep us from being able to take a few steps back and actually look at this whole picture with perspective. Even for those of us who know this truth, actually doing it can still be tricky sometimes. When you do though, you might see that you have more in common with those labeled your enemy than those labeled your friend. I digress. Long and the short of it is this; where there is a positive pushing in one direction you can be pinky sworn to the fact that there is a negative challenging its progress. Regardless of good intent or no, where there is sound logic it will be opposed by logic most flawed. Where there is common sense common fiat will ever be present. Where there is an educated point of view it is guaranteed to be stridden along side of by a point of view fractured by that culture we were just talking about. Now let me illustrate the case in point with this douche wad that was sitting a few seats down from me.
The Council’s special helpline
“Good night then.”
We have noticed over the last few weeks that Joshua seems to be more and more frustrated with his lack of mobility. Sure he can crawl, but he is 19 months old and he wants to stand up and run, play outside, keep up with his sister, and access all of his toys. Our therapist has been urging us to consider a wheelchair, but, frankly, we were just terrified of the costs associated with it. Our insurance will only pay $10,000 for Durable Medical Equipment for the LIFETIME of the policy. Yes, that's right! As long as we have this health insurance plan the max they will ever pay for equipment is $10,000. Ridiculous! Durable Medical Equipment includes wheelchairs, bracing, walkers, crutches, catheters (which we use on a daily basis) and any other potential equipment he may need. We talked to our therapist and found out that the cost of ONE PEDIATRIC WHEELCHAIR is nearly $7,000! Holy cow! And our insurance only covers 80% leaving us stuck with one heck of a bill. So we knew that if we went forward with a wheelchair at this time it would leave us little to no insurance coverage for any other future equipment he may need. We tried applying for a program for institutional deeming in which they look at Joshua's income alone (he makes zero) when considering him for Medi-cal insurance due to his disability but, of course, we were denied!
“Mimi, my love. I have watched you now for the last year in despair. I feel as if you are slipping away from me and I don’t know how I am ever to keep hold of you.” he asked her, pain creeping into his rough, but yet warm face.
16 oz sea scallops
Assume that Toyota succeeds with its first step. Then whatever component is being held in inventory is going to be needed by a lot of firms. Unless Toyota pays something upfront, the supplier may be sorely tempted to let the components go to the highest bidder. Now you might argue that a supplier likely cannot afford to anger Toyota but that statement would also apply to Ford or Volkswagen. Further, if you jump forward ten years, these risk reduction schemes may well lead to further consolidation in the supplier base so it may be even harder for an OEM to credibly threaten to walk away from a supplier.
1. Individual entities of various different scales (not just tiny quarks and electrons) are the ultimate stuff of the cosmos.
An important thing to remember, though, is that you cannot please everyone. What you must sometimes do is curtail one person’s behavior–even at the risk of alienating them and losing their membership–because if left unchecked, they’re going to alienate someone else. We cannot always have everybody be comfortable in a community, because not everybody is going to be cool with the standards and shared values of the community. For me, I’m not terribly worried about losing the activity/patronage of people who are unrepentant jerks to my other members.
Wear lightweight clothes with long sleeves.
Of course you save money using this method for obvious reasons. But what continues to appeal to me is that not only is it so much gentler on the environment but it is also so much better for me. Like many others that I have heard of who also use the diva cup, they like their periods so much better and somehow, your period seems to change a little. But that just might be becoming so much more aware of its fluctuations. On my super, super heavy day I usually must empty my diva cup every half hour.
5. Do you get angry when he says something you don’t like?
Go back before that, and most of the population were illiterate. Newspapers die out altogether when you reach the seventeenth century. Now it gets trickier. There's the odd diarist whose work has survived, which is why if you read anything historical about the seventeenth century (including my new book) you will unfailingly discover what John Evelyn and Samuel Pepys thought about the subject at hand.
Just search Shabby Lane Shops in the iTunes store and you will find our
You MUST have a clear vision of what your law firm and litigation support department may look like in time. That vision has to match the business interests of the firm overall. Try and guess the details of what will be going on in 43 months from now, well that is impossible and just wishful thinking in an industry who puts out headlines like, “Will Predictive Coding Replace Associate in Review.”
Josh Pelc Account Executive Intern/ Not Justin Beiber (so please stop following me everywhere I go!!!)
**Don't forget that there are still a few days left in my Red Pack Tomatoes giveaway (a cool tin filled with tomatoes and kitchen gadgets) so feel free to enter that by leaving a comment back on this previous post by Jan. 2nd at midnight.
As Spring peers through the clouds every now and then I am feel myself being drawn to pinks and yellows.
Snowflakes: I used three different punches for the snowflakes around the sentiment, including Martha Stewart and a Paper Shapers punch. The snowflake border was cut using the Martha Stewart Seasonal Cake Cartridge. I cut it using the "cut to length" feature at 4", which ended up cutting it at 2 1/2". I cut the top layer twice and used pop up dots. I also ran it through my Cuttlebug using the Swiss Dots embossing folder. I then used a 3/4" circle punch for the red centers.
200 Independence Avenue SW.
I hit upon a phrase that really struck a chord with what I was desiring- Moving through my days with purpose. I have finally found a system that works *for me* and true to my type 4 nature, it could not be a system that anyone else designed. I have a big 18 month binder style calendar. I put my to-do list on the spaces for each day. Every morning I get a fresh piece of notebook paper and make my schedule for the day. Every day starts out the same with breakfast, taking my calcium magnesium, planning my day and spending some time alone in prayer and reading my Bible. Beyond that, each day still looks different from the next and I like that variety, but I have some direction, written down for what I want to accomplish before lunch and then what I want to accomplish before dinner. I don't schedule it down to the hour, but depending on the day in 2-4 hour chunks. I throw the paper away at the end of the day, so all that is left on the semi-permanent record of my calendar is my crossed off to-do list. This works much better for me than writing down every detail on the calendar (a bit of perfectionism in me would cause me to develop a nervous twitch if I wrote down "laundry" on every day and missed it twice a week) and it works better than grabbing a random piece of paper to write down today's to-do list, but not having anywhere set and permanent to write down what I need to do next week and thus forget and/or procrastinate.
The Court of Appeal for England and Wales has just given judgment in Specsavers International Healthcare Ltd, Specsavers BV, Specsavers Optical Group Ltd and Specsavers Optical Superstores Ltd v Asda Stores Ltd [2012] EWCA Civ 24. This Kat, who said that Specsavers must have felt pretty sore about the trial decision of Mr Justice Mann (see earlier post here), is not surprised to see that the Court of Appeal -- for whom IP specialist Lord Justice Kitchin delivered the judgment -- has upheld two of its grounds of appeal and has stayed a third, pending a reference to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling on the following five questions:
him by they noticed each other . They started to get to know
We believe the answer to “eternal security” is both “yes” and “no” (Romans 8:31-39; 11:19-22).
By the time he was 18, he was selling his paintings on the streets of cities across China in order to pay for his ailing father's medical treatments. His travels introduced him to the idea of using his mouth to paint, a more elegant solution that using his right leg.
A native of Wichita, Kan., Moore earned his bachelor’s degree in communication in 1993 from Georgia Southern University. He and his wife, Tamelia, have three children: Noah, Peydan and Aunni.
Fast forward a few days and here is what we have:
In other holiday news, I have ordered out holiday cards (with a coupon, thank you!) and should be mailing those out soon. I also got adorable address labels for the holidays (and the wedding) for $12 from Vistaprint. Thanks, Amanda.
They're all good speculations and you can be proud for again being clever enough to think of them but the fact remains that you would be wrong...again.
Here's a close-up of Lula:
Still, when I have a Pho craving, its K.T.’s that really does the trick for me. Her broth is simmered for an entire day and is far more intensely flavored with beef bones than any other I’ve had in the area, including Pho stalls I’ve visited in NYC. It’s not the super clear Pho broth you see at most places; its got a much darker color and is somewhat cloudier due to the residual gelatin, giving the soup a much more satisfying and comforting mouthfeel.
Day 2 - 5 Minute warm up then repetitions of 8 minute jogs, 5 minute walk and then the 5 minute cool down. This one I had to do twice because in one of the runs I went up hill and it killed me. The second time I did it I was on the Treadmill and it was okay. I almost had thoughts that this would be the end for me. I felt so discouraged before the second go around but everything I have read is that if the run is hard do it again until you feel comfortable. So I did just that, did it over. There is no specific reason that you have to do it one way, this is a guideline. I like it either way and it's making me feel good.
While I can accept that Hasbro executives don't give a stuff about the game or even the survival of WotC, you can bet the guys who work at WotC definitely do, especially those who've made a livelihood from this long-term. They've got a lot to lose, more so in the current economic climate.
Things started promisingly enough. Ray Winstone looks the part as Magwitch, but of course he can only play Ray Winstone so things started to go downhill as soon as he opened his mouth (sorry … "marf").
These Waves
“Reduced … to … £7!” finished Mrs Lovely triumphantly. “They had a six inch heel and I, well I felt like Prince Charming with Cinderella’s slippers.”
I hope you all had a great week. This weekend will be busy too. First thing Saturday morning I’ll go exercise then there is a gun show in Deerwood and on Sunday a Trade Show in Brainerd plus our usual shopping and we also need to rebuild my mama’s computer. Last night it got the black screen of death so we need to see what we can do about that. Hopefully can save what was on the hard drive and then format it or just rebuild it. We’ll see. So as you see, there’s never a dull moment here and we do live the LIFE OF RILEY!!!
Students move casually between class periods and rooms. Rief teaches four language arts classes and supervises advisory and a study period during the 7:35 a.m. -2:30 p.m. school day. The schedule is a thing of A/B blocked beauty.
Obama has already raised more than $9 million from California donors, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. In 2008, California topped the list of states doling out cash to Obama, totaling more than $77 million for his campaign.
Jared is enjoying classes and has recently taken a part time job at the Boston Public Library working in their archives.
So today – being my outside exercise day, and since it was miraculously dry and without our recent 15 – 20 mph winds – David suggested he drop me at the eastern end of Alki so that I could roll back instead of doing my standard loop closer to home. Sounded good to me so off we went. Two minutes into the car ride I realize I’ve left my iPhone in my indoor wheelchair in the garage but hey, no biggie – David is dropping me off and meeting me at the end. Of course as soon as I start rolling I regret not having my camera phone because I’m starting right across the water from the city so I’m looking at this view but on the same level
The zoo trip was so much fun on Wednesday! It's always a blast to see how kids respond to animals they so rarely see. "Ooh look at the baby monkey!" "Hey! That's an Okapi! I did a report on those!" "Can we ride the train? please"
The companies analyzed in the report: BASF, Bayer, Dow, DuPont, Makhteshim-Agan, Monsanto, Nufarm, Sumitomo, and Syngenta.
With today’s day and age, everyone is online. All the time. We use social media for our personal and professional lives. LinkedIn is all about our professional connections and listing our work experience. And Facebook is for posting photos funny quips, rants, raves and photos of just about anything. Or is it?
Here is a funny picture I found in my camera last weekend. I must had accidentally taken it when I was taking pictures at a dinner. Kind of funny huh?
After we got married, we spent the next 4 years in a long-distance marriage. We lived in an apartment in Virginia Beach, then moved closer to the base in a townhouse in Norfolk. His battle group would be gone for weeks or even months at a time. He was a boiler tech, so he was the first one on the ship before deployment and the last one off the ship. There were many deployments that I would go to welcome the ship back to port with the other wives, only to find out he had duty that night, so after spending an hour or so together, I would have to go back home alone.
When it was still summertime and the walk took me through a lush green park filled with tennis courts and children taking their lesson, it was actually quite nice. The sun was shining bright, the birds chirped, and I had a spring in my step on my way to work.
I everyone! I know, I know...
“Sorry, man. I’m just tired.”
Don’t let your fear of failure (your own failure or the possibility of someone else failing) keep you from having faith.
9. Because I have the right to pursue my dreams and keep the fruits of my labor, I have the responsibility to feed, protect and shelter my family, the less fortunate, the fatherless, the old and infirm.
and dark urban alleys
Because it’s in that moment where
Like this, for example:
Mary over at CardzTV has a super cute card over on her blog. You can see the video she made this week, I really like the way it all goes together. It's a cute and cheerful card. The button detail is just adorable!!!!
touch my soul
I also changed “pour hot wax” to “drip hot wax,” as it sounds less aggressive and more playful.
1 tablespoon melted shortening or oil
That includes getting in touch with everybody you might know at any time. On a cellphone these days, work contacts mingle with private contacts. You might have Mork (your favorite sales rep) listed on your contacts list next to Mindy (your stepmother). Twitter lets people broadcast thoughts and connect with people everywhere. Facebook, often the bane of the enterprise, is one of the biggest ways to connect with friends, family and co-workers (and share embarrassing photos of them).
Bert Simmons - Baltimore Elite Giants
General William F. Kernan, USA (Ret.)
abdomen and hip, killing Oyerinde
He paused here as he handed me the box of Kleenex as tears started streaming down my cheeks.
I'd become a sporting superstar and have a college scholarship sewn up within days of arriving, due to my single-handed transformation of the "soccer" team's fortunes. This, I was confident, was the most realistic element of my fantasy, not due to any great skill on my part, but by sheer dint of my not being American - and therefore inherently superior with the ball at my feet.
So this is Plan B: a summer-special post of vegetable cheese sandwiches. When I think of all the food on this planet that I consider to be sublimely craveable, a simple sandwich of bread and cheese would be pretty high on the list. Add vegetables to the sandwich, and you have a winner! Here are three favorites of mine. All three sandwiches are designed to be thrown together in a jiffy, and to be eaten in a jiffy too, which accounts for the hasty photographs taken seconds before the sandwiches were devoured. A sandwich or two, washed down with a tall glass of something cold (iced coffee or tea, or fruit juice) is the perfect summer meal.
At this point, it was about 4:00 in the afternoon or thereabouts. Time gets a little sketchy after this but bear with me. We found a booth and I proceeded to get us all shots of whiskey. Now, for whatever reason, and against my better judgment (probably still stemming from the fact that I was already buzzed quite hard and had no food in me) I ended up making them all double shots.
Some of the scenes are downright embarrassing; Kronsberg's idea of a lightly humorous scene is having his two romantic leads talk in a park while huge monolithic stone heads loom behind them. Then there are innumerable times where things get spilled all over people or they get dumped in vats of liquid of some sort. Then there's the inevitable car chase scene where cars get totaled right and left. I think a fruit cart gets involved in there, too. If not, it's a shocker.
I came across a super tiny coffee place. I had passed by a few times with my colleagues just didn’t pop into my mind that I’ve to try what they offer. Alright, this coffee place is NOT LIKE any big coffee franchise names like ‘x’bucks and ‘x’cific. This is an espresso bar . And when I say small, i meant it. I could barely fit my legs in the narrow bar area. I wanted to take away(The time was a quarter til 2. 15 mins left for me), but she seemed insisting me to drink it there and offered me a seat. So there you go.
Canada's primary care physicians serve as gatekeepers to the rest of the health system. Canadians are free to choose a PCP, and most choose based on long-standing family relationships. Recent reforms have extended selected primary care responsibilities to nurse practitioners. While the physicians typically work on a basis of fee-for-service, provinces are experimenting with alternative payment contracts based on such modernizations as 24/7 availability and telehealth applications for rural and remote areas.
I read once that the difference between art and fashion is that art, in its time, is unpopular and later proves beautiful whereas fashion is at first popular and later seen as ridiculous. Except the classics. Like the little black dress. Men, in their wisdom, like those. Well done, men.
OKAY, so I just tracked down Spazzle and had him trace that e-mail from the guild guy to find out where this fucker is from. I was expecting him to be from someplace way out in the middle of nowhere, where he’s got nothing to do but play this game and think he’s all hot shit for being the guild leader, because for fuck’s sake guild leaders always seem so fucking full of themselves, but anyway, check THIS out – turns out this guy is logging on from Theramore.
Since this is a teen book there are sensual scenes but Showalter cuts it down from her other novels, which is apporpriate. But there is still plenty of fighting.
jointed to each other by
Water - 1/4 to 1/2 cup
But the shepherds at the manger and the women at the tomb knew alike what they had seen and heard. Just a few days before the Church's celebration of the Birth Day of Christ, we celebrate the feast of St Thomas, the man who said, "Except I see ... I will not believe." You know what happened next: Jesus came and said to Thomas, "Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing" (Jn 20:27).
. Subordinates are expected to take the blame for things going wrong.
The rod’s thirst is finally quenched
Anything that can be acted on with confident success.
Slice zucchini into thin medallions, about the thickness of a quarter. (You can either use a knife & a very steady hand, or a mandoline slicer.)
Jennifer says
So Lighting. Lighting is a pretty big deal, of course. Without good lighting you won't have a good picture. My first essential advice is Turn Off Your Flash. Even if you have a point and shoot. Once you do this you will find you like your pictures better immediately. I almost never ever use my flash unless I'm in a very dark place and want to document something family-wise just for memory's sake.
These are the supported media formats. The Vita focuses on the more commonly used ones but it’s worth bearing in mind that PS3 added extra formats to it’s original line up though post release firmware updates
I don't know whether it's because often my first thought when I'm unsure about something is to put myself in the other person's shoes and if I had entered some of the categories in recent competitions and heard them so roundly slated before the results were even out I'd be a lot less inclined to enter the following year or whether it's just because I don't think it's professional.
When we’re in our heart and serving others with a sense of love not appreciation or ego fulfillment. Then only we can recognize the flowers on our way that will take us to the garden. Everything is perfect the way it is and everything and every situation is another effort of the diving to bring you bring you closer to your life purpose.
Hip hop came of age in the early 1990s, but it’s true blood masterpieces came a decade later. And sitting above it all is the true lyrical king of all, Mr. Shawn Carter.
3.) I sprint every 7 - 10 days or so (which for me means warm up for 5 minutes, and then alternate running as fast as I can handle it for 30 seconds, and then walk for 15 seconds...I do that for 5 - 10 minutes, and then I cool down for 5 minutes, and then I die on the floor of my basement)
Prayer: Father, in Jesus name, I confess I am hungry and thirsty for more. Guide me with the spirit of wisdom and revelation. Grant more of your glory. Thank you. Amen
Stay tuned for information on the best place to watch UFC 137 in Springfield.
While Kym, 36, who plays factory boss Michelle Connor in the soap, is trying to put on a brave face for the cameras, friends say she’s devastated. ‘Kym’s in bits,’ says a close friend. ‘Jamie’s been saying he was set up and is adamant nothing happened with Katie.’
White paint
But beyond even aesthetics and history there are other reasons for conserving the printed book, one of which is that the printed book preserves a kind of thinking which is today becoming scarce. And the thinking of which I speak is a contemplative and patient submission to the content of a book. In a 2008 Atlantic Monthly article entitled, “Is Google Making Us Stupid?” author Nicholas Carr supposes that the immediacy and terse nature of internet information has foreshortened our ability for sustained thought. In other words, because of “Google” (as a metonym for the internet experience as a whole) we are thinking differently, less patiently, and more tersely. And reading his article I agreed wholeheartedly that my ability to invest myself in sustained literature is cramped by the impatience that the internet has taught me. In other words, as our ability and skill at consuming mass media increases, our aptitude for contemplation has rapidly diminished. To put this yet another way, digital media makes lazy reading possible, and real reading can never be lazy.
10 What is the
The angel sweet
I was however, in my usual overly-sensitive nature, put into deep thoughts after watching various episodes of Undercover Boss. Sensationalised, edited, whatever. Bottom-line is that we forget – we move on in life, accelerate in our career, and forget the most basic things like showing appreciation or civic-mindedness.
CONTENT
"(d) the detention of a minor by lawful order for the purpose of educational supervision..."
But I caught the logo
His speech is just as dull.
Alex's face fell at this announcement. He wanted to go home. No, he was in the best place to take care of him right there in the Alameda Hospital. So the doctor and I convinced him that an overnight hospital stay was in everyone's best interest. Alex was bummed. At least he was bummed until he got to his "overnight" room. Things started looking up immediately.
PS. I also just read something about Giant Mag maybe being in trouble… does anyone know the validity of that?
I’m not sure how they “grow them” in South Carolina but judging that this state alone has produced the likes of Jim Demint and is home to the Tea Party wing of the GOP, I am beginning to suspect that critical thinking is not something they take too seriously down there.
programs and supplements will result to a long-lasting weight loss. The American Cancer Society recommends a predominantly plant-based
2. Beat butter and sugar together in the bowl of a stand mixer for 5 minutes until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time and beat until thoroughly combined. Add vanilla.
Nonetheless, I think this is a move worth seeing if you love over-the-top action films (doubly-so if you're a fan of "Gunsmith Cats".)
13. Echo And The Bunnymen - Villiers Terrace
(*copyright Vivienne Fouche 1990)
Those snaps matter.
Article 5. The SIPO will only make patent assessment reports for utillity model patent or design patent of which the date of filing are on and after October 1, 2009 (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed), and will only make search reports for utility model patents of which the date of filing are before October 1, 2009 (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed).
3. Add cooled pasta, chicken, grapes, celery, red onion, walnuts, chives and parsley. Toss gently to combine.
So, pray for me.
And the sun, thro' the clouds of the East,
paper: Very Vanilla, Basic Black, Perfect Plum, Always Artichoke, Pink Pirouette, Sahara Sand
we left there with Dr. G telling
best result) Cut and use for your all your wedding and love
I have noticed that I have what I'd call a more conversational style than other authors. It's more relaxed, like a conversation with the characters. I think I have issues left over from early English classes and the formal writing required. So my characters are never formal in thought or speech (unless their character calls for it).
Is less your cup of tea than M&S.
"Sweetie Pie?" you call out. His wallet and phone are sitting on the coffee table, so he's here. I bet he's taking a nap, resting up before surprising me. Again, a chuckle escapes your lips. It's so sweet of him.
Aka. The one I've been watching over and over. I have a different obsession each month. This month is Durarara!! in case you coudn't already tell. (Yeah, the exclamation points are part of the title.)
Henderson nodded in silent appreciation. “Good man.” She approved, before they burst out in a tiny meadow–barren of flora and fauna. The trees were sparser here as well.
Unfortunately, most of America’s business/economic policy at the government level has been trying to preserve jobs that are, well, not that productive. Take for example agriculture subsidies. They pay farmers to produce less and otherwise make less productive use of land, feedstocks, grains, etc. By giving farmers (most of which are now huge corporations, not the “family farm” circa 1970 and before) subsidies it actually lowers agricultural productivity.
Created the most amazing sounding records using home made equipment in a flat above a shop in North London. Openly homosexual at a time when it was still against the law, he broke every "rule" of music recording. His records still sound great today, while his distractors are long forgotten.
Julian walks into the bedroom and sweeps my appearance with a questioning look. I look at Julian in the same manner through the vanity mirror. “It’s been awhile since I’ve seen you with your hair down,” he says.
ps_I hope the links work! I was patting myself on the back for that. I'm that easy....!
Script to Screen invites UK primary schools to submit one entry each to the competition and a BBC Learning website is available to give master classes in how to write. Learning resources were downloaded 300,000 times during the 7 weeks the competition was open last year and more than 1000 schools submitted an entry.
I had Tiff take a pic of my leg. I really hesitate posting it as it is really ugly (leg and bruise) but I thought maybe someone will have some insight and wisdom to share if they saw it.
Flower or No Flower?
He has gone into business selling reconditioned vintage men's clothing!
That voice telling me that I just “cant be bothered” is the voice of lies. You know, that voice that you’re constantly telling to shut-up and leave you alone but never really seems to take the hint? It’s the voice that whispers,
This is December Football. This is what it's all about.
I took the raw tape capture provided to me, worked all sorts of the Analog Loyalist magic on it, and now it's yours.
I love the pedestrianized High Street. Some other towns make them, but not enough do. There is such a difference in the atmosphere. People can wander at leisure, go in and out of the shops, stand and chat or sit in the sun. Compare that with places where shoppers are crowded onto narrow pavements with traffic continually grinding past inches from their noses.
Lincoln set abominable precedents in a time when standing on the principles this country was founded on should have been of utmost importance. The lack of noble leadership from the Lincoln Party uprooted this country into a war that was hardly necessary and set up martial law during a precarious and atrocious time known as the Reconstruction Era following the War between the States. Thankfully, the only thing standing in the way of Lincoln’s agenda of seizing absolute power was the Constitution, which he avoided at all costs.
“What?” he hollered. “You have lost your mind. He’s your perfect specimen?”
I have this skin problem that I'd like solved. I'm thinking that there's something wrong with my gut, so I'm starting there. At least if I heal my gut and nothing is resolved then I can look elsewhere for help.
Tony and I woke up very early. I can’t seem to get in 8 hours of sleep.
Gates and the others hatch a plan to take the gold for themselves, a plan that is based on the premise that Iraqi soldiers won't touch Americans inside Iraqi lines because of the cease-fire. This turns out to be the case. And, it looks like the crew will make a clean getaway with the gold even as Iraqi soldiers look on. But then these American warriors witness some sickening brutality carried out against Iraqis who have participated in the uprising in southern Iraq which followed the cease-fire. Unable to stand by, the American soldiers move to defend these dissident Iraqis, and that's when the Americans' plan for enriching themselves goes awry. Exactly how it goes awry is the subject of much drama as well as intense comedy for the duration of the film.
Turns out, the guy (let’s call him Skippy) doesn’t have a car here, and although he was supposed to catch a ride with a friend to the theatre, at the last minute he ended up not having a ride. So he asked if I could pick him up instead…
A few decades ago, The Honey Island Swamp Monster was highlighted by Leonard Nimory (Star Trek’s Mr. Spock) in the critically acclaimed TV documentary series, In Search Of.
C The hare would have just sat there and not moved.
there it was - a dress dummy.
After all the wedding is one day – a marriage is for the rest of your life (hopefully)! Anyone else agree?
"Livia simply applied the necessary encouragement at the right moment. Whether I should have gone ahead otherwise I don't know, but if I hadn't met her, I certainly don't expect I would have dared to send my first effort to Gollancz, which I regarded, and still regard, as the top detective thriller publisher. We first met, as I recall, on the steps of Oxford Town Hall, where Livia had gone to rehearse for something or other that the Chelsea Opera Group was putting on. I carried a Gollancz yellow jacket for identification – an appropriate cloak-and-dagger meeting.
It is an action-packed mystery set in an ancient land with great attention to detail. I recommend this historical novel to all middle grade readers.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!” He yelled as he fell down the black hole into nothing. The old man’s face peered after him.
Lateral's "exciting new freehold residential unit" not only attaches to the sides of existing buildings – indeed, it is "a portable unit that can fit into any community and be attached to any building" – but it also floats on water.
Today we walked down to the library, and what an awesome library we have here! We didn't even get to go through all of it, but spent a good chunk of time there. I'm sure it will end up being our 2nd home especially since it's 5 minutes away -when you walk.
Key lime pie was invented in the Florida Keys. Legend has it that sponge divers were the first to whip up the pie. Apparently they had a lot of sweetened condensed milk to use up. Hmm, what can we put with this stuff? We DO have a ton of limes laying around….
Hey everyone, sorry it’s been a long time since I did a video, today I’m gonna tell you about the joys of falling in-love. I’m gonna give you a helpful tutorial on how to fall in-love and attract someone, it’s gonna be really uplifting. I don’t mean to be depressing but you’re doing everything wrong. That’s why I’m using the A minor and the E minor chords.
My son came home at the beginning of November with his first serious take home project in his academic career. To thoroughly research and display a natural landform.
I am back again with a new edition of Thursday Sips & Nibbles, my regular column where I briefly highlight some interesting wine and food items that I have encountered recently.
So yes, I feel the time is right. The positive aspect of the conference is the energy generated by having so many hundreds of people milling around and the diversity of speakers and attendees. You can meet so many people and there’s a chance you can be a speaker if you have some background in a facet of nonduality and write a good proposal. Primarily you can see major speakers and nondualists. The organizers work very hard to bring in prominent speakers.
I suppose it's a bit of a tendency of mine to run away from difficult situations; walking out when an argument gets too heated; leaving a gathering when the atmosphere becomes uncomfortable for me, stopping my train of thought when things go a bit too far. Walls of protection, quickly put up, by me,.. saving me from what the hurt could bring. Or barring me from the healing that suffering can bestow...
4. Well, ok, I guess. I have a list of questions for you. Have you ever sold anything like mine?
3. Jack Straw - 5:19
This card looks very simple, but for me it meant a little bit of maths to figure out just how wide those three stripes had to be, and how much border needed to go around the panel. I adhered the pastel stripes onto a piece of card, and then trimmed the edges to make sure they were all neat. THEN I stuck the whole panel down on the black panel. The black panel is up on foam to give it some depth.
There is a really good feeling that comes with change!
Last night I started working on my card for this week's ColourQ challenge. I saw this card by Debby Hughes and knew I had to CASE it! I absolutely love this week's colors, but I struggled to make it appear the way I had envisioned. The reason why is because the red and pink don't allow for much contrast. That small pink houndstooth banner used to be a strip of cardstock that ran down the right side of the card. But then all of the other elements seemed to get lost in front of it. Oh well. I still loved her design, so here is my card.
but He rose to life, it's true,
Smoky Barbeque Sauce
that we've begun introducing card-by-card recently
DVD Availability: Recently released in the UK in a bare-bones but quite attractive edition. The titles are in mild widescreen and the rest of the film appears full screen in what seems like open matte – theatrically this would have been cropped to 1.66:1 aspect ratio. The image is occasionally a little faded in places but is sharp and largely free of debris.
I really wish I could write a well crafted, well written mystery with strong characters. I’ve recently read William Ryan’s splendid novels THE HOLY THIEF and THE BLOODY MEADOW, and if I could do that, I would be a very happy man.
And this is the breakthrough for me. When I was in the midst of it, feeling confused and miserable and helpless, I couldn’t see any path forward except to put my head down, hope to avoid my bosses wrath, and prepare to look for a new job. At the same time my self confidence was so low from being told all the time that I was doing everything wrong and that noone liked me (and without any positive references from my boss and nothing to show that felt like an “achievement” from this job) I didn’t think I’d be able to get another job as good as this one. I felt lost.
"And on the officer contingent -- again these are very rough numbers and all based again on assumptions and attrition rates -- officers may go up to 4,500, maybe 5,000," said Lamont, assistant Army secretary for manpower and reserve affairs.
Starting Monday November 7th through November 20th, SAS4Kids is thrilled to be partnering with Paper Creations Ink for a CARD DRIVE for our kids! Here at SAS4Kids and at PCI, the themes of our challenges are "Holiday Wishes for Kids", and we are asking all who participate in the challenges to please mail your holiday cards to SAS4Kids to cheer a child who is inpatient in a Children's Hospital over the holidays. You can enter your children's holiday card at both blogs for twice as many chances to win a great prize from our sponsors! Then please mail it (and other other cards you have that are appropriate for children in a hospital) to any of our addresses listed here.
The Fillmore Acid Test
2: Heartbreaker
Finally a new year dawned. All the children who were to come of age travelled a mile in the opposite direction of the thick labyrinthine Forest, here trees grew sparsely. I saw ponds of Geese. Cats and Dogs running about, and a larger village built on the side of a wide river. I could not see the other side, but men on small wooden boats sat in the still river holding sticks with lines entering the water. I knew what they were doing. My Father had often spoken of fishing as a child. This was the village he had came from, he had moved closer to the Forest when he returned injured from his trail the huge cut on his back. My Mother had nursed him back to health. That was what she did, she knew medicines, she knew what herbs and plants were used to help the sick. Even Old Crone came to my Mother when she was younger, they had learned together for a bit, learning the way of the herbs, when Old Crone has learned what she needed she walked off into the Woods. She came back weeks later with vast supplies of Mushrooms and other plants that my mother could use. Even teaching my Mother knew things. She truly was the wisest of the village.
Melitta Strandberg is really a walking miracle. She was taken away from her mother at birth in 1944 at the hospital in Weimer Germany. She was taken for the purpose of experiments ordered by Hitler to be conducted on newborns. This was part of his quest to obtain what he thought was the perfect race. The babies chosen for these experiments were from mothers of Romania, Hungary, Yugoslavia and Poland. Melitta's mother was Hungarian, therefore not of the pure race. Therefore, her daughter was perfect for experimentation. This is just another example of the lengths that Hitler stooped to because of his obssession. There is no way of knowing just what Melitta was subjected to during the 6 months she was in the company of the Nazis.
When I am in a candle mood I use candles for the elements:
11. Totally. Please stop using the word, totally. Stop saying it before saying another word, like totally bitching, Dude!
Quesillos are a good snack. They can be found in specialty restaurants but are commonly sold as street food. A Quesillo consists of a tortilla, a slice of white cheese, onions and cream. The plate you’re looking at is from a restaurant in León. When purchasing these tiny meals on the street, they are rolled up and placed in a bag for easier consumption. The one you’re looking at has picante mixed into the onions. Spiced onion is sometimes a pleasnt option when ordering a Quesillo.
The 1Kg Horlicks was packed in an attractive premium glass jug. The jug decorated with a floral pattern, and had a plastic handle. The lid was embossed with a big logo.
Goldie Hawn (Deceived)
Finally! I have finished my Goddess clay face planters and have them ready to display and sell at our local farmer's market. Sales are usually very good for the planters but this year our market is under construction and I’m not sure if we will get our usual crowds. The renovation has been planned in segments. First, our market square building will be completely revamped. This building held some really quaint shops and restaurants but the building itself is ancient and in need of some major changes. Next, our Center in the Square Museum will be renovated to include a butterfly garden, an aquarium and a roof top restaurant.
I think I'll go put those new grips on the SR1911 and see what the wife thinks when I ask her, "Does this make my butt look big?"
It gets more difficult.. The earth is not a perfect sphere. It's more of an oblate spheroid, but not even precisely one of those. In fact, there is only one word that gets it perfectly right, it's a geoid.
Who uses Dianetics? Millions of people throughout the world, including Jeni, who works in sales.
There was quite an interesting programme on TV tonight about an art exhibition in Venice and the problems that the artists have had in getting their work to the places that they are going to be shown. One of the exhibitors was Anish Kapoor. He is well known in Nottingham as the designer of the Sky Mirror that is on show outside the Playhouse. There is also a smaller version in the centre of Casino Square in Monte Carlo.
40. The title of the film Streets of Fire starring Michael Paré and Diane Lane, was drawn from a Bruce Springsteen song, from his album Darkness on the Edge of Town. The song, unfortunately, does not appear in the film.
“No.” Janette was buying the accent.
Sure enough, they run a film festival every year for 'social justice', that wonderfully illdefined concept whereby participants are praised - mostly by themselves - for their good intentions, whether or not they achieve any actual results. The same good intentions they fall back on in the event of overwhelming failure.
Hiraṇyakaśipu became bitterest enemy of Viṣṇu because his brother Hiranyakṣa, he was killed by Viṣṇu taking the shape of Varāha. You know the story. Since then, Hiraṇyakaśipu was bitterest enemy. “Oh, He has, Viṣṇu has killed my brother. So He is my greatest enemy.” So he won’t hear anything about Viṣṇu. Any Viṣṇu devotee, he will punish him, even his own son. That was his policy. So he immediately called him, the teachers, and addressed him,
**Finally, his favorite show right now (besides any Nick Jr show or the movie, Gnomeo and Juliet) is this military show on the History channel that Lance watches called Bomb Patrol and his favorite soldier's name is Ricky Thibeault. The show follows a specialized troop who's job is to lead the convoy and search and deactivate IEDs with robots. Definitely too mature for Maddox but he begs to watch it and it isn't a shoot and kill type show.... so he and Lance record it and watch it together.
Sec. 2. Mandate. — (1) The Department of Environment and Natural Resources shall be primarily responsible for the implementation of the foregoing policy.
Say NO to Bridge Tolls is a broad-based community group representing tens of thousands of people across Indiana and Kentucky that are opposed to any tolls being placed on existing bridges or Spaghetti Junction, to pay for the Ohio River Bridges Project.
The night they came back from 7-0 to beat the Yankees and clinch a playoff spot will go down in history as one of the best nights of baseball ever played. Unfortunately for the Rays, the Rangers had a different idea of who should go onto the ALCS and knocked them out in game 4. Sadly, the Cinderella Story of 2008's Tampa Bay Rays could not be repeated. I have to say its so fun to see my city get pumped up about our teams, whether it's the Rays postseason or the Lightning hockey playoffs (and the Bucs....well...I guess back in 2002 it must have been pretty fun?!)
I hope everyone has a good week, though I know that is not always possible. I guess we have to take what comes our way, buck up to it, and meet it head on.
I’m a writer, a poet, and a teacher. But in my former life (the one before MS) I was an actor. If, in acting class, I were given the exercise of embodying how riding makes me feel, it would look a lot like this.
Nick Sorrentino
He and his wife Ms Serkalem were both jailed in 2005 for criticising the government’s violent crackdown of protests following disputed elections.
Z$85 million. If I then bought US dollars on the free market in Zimbabwe I
This and several others taken during the Late Winter/Early Spring 2009 or some of my favorite photographs.
Sub-Genre: Symphonic Prog
8. Butterfly (Argent)
I don’t think that sales and negotiation are appropriate courses for engineering education. They are useful skills, but best acquired outside of college.
Huh? Whazzat? Wow!
To be frank I was unsure what she meant. Phil said he knew: hearing about how a hamlet the size of Cotesbach could have a newspaper (even for a short time) had inspired her. Reading Sam's column had rekindled her love of journalism
He smiled softly as he set it on his desk. “It’s perfect.”
“Connections Radio” presents five powerful featured guests and five inspirational Everyday Heroes on Spirit Media Network during the month of August!
Central in prophecy are verses like Exodus 19:6.
One of my pet peeves, after 36 years of ministry, is the tendency for Christian workers to copy or follow patterns. Someone is successful in an area of Christian service and everyone wants to learn from him and implement his methods. The unique leading of the Holy Spirit is all but lost. Nowhere is this truer than in the area of church planting on mission fields. The accompanying article by a good friend and veteran missionary, concerns a work, which began among drug addicts, but now is reaching parents and families and has caught the attention of the entire country of Spain. This work was founded, not with a desire to build something, but from a heart of compassion to help people in desperate need. Christian service should sprout from that motivation.
It was a cold, terribly windy, very rainy night. The perfect night to hole up in a cozy place and enjoy some wine and some live harp music, if you ask me. And many brave souls agreed with me - there was a nice little crowd sampling the vintages and listening to me play.
For the most part and with some luck, your mom is getting through these years relatively unscathed. Every now and again, I have a doctor investigate the old uterus because apparently when you don’t use it, it needs a cleaning every now and again. Everything else is pretty much okay. However, there was one traumatic experience here that I think I should warn you about.
The State Department broke with normal procedures last week when it ordered the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) not to conduct a secondary inspection on members of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood’s Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) on their way to visit government officials and think tanks in the United States.
allocates more resources to the
Just what does that mean to you? Is it simply another day that you go about your hectic life? Is it a day that you stop for a moment or two and actually pray?
Shallots/Red onion - 1 cup, sliced
40,140 FC runs with 129 centuries at 55.51
This I can promise you: the things I hear inside my own head are far more substantial then any other form of spoken love.
In fact it is very peaceful.
this thing,
I stretch me legs out beneath me and realize that me feet hit the ground straight away!
But then, as Thompson and Pharaoh make Chinese menu references that gave the entire reporting team a chuckle, it delved into a deeper question of where the line is between playful tribute and unintentional racism (Lin is American-born of Taiwanese heritage).
But with autumn’s arrival the days begin to cool, and so, too, does Dom. Though Eve knows he bears the emotional scars of a failed marriage–one he refuses to talk about–his silence arouses suspicion and uncertainty. The more reticent Dom is to explain, the more Eve becomes obsessed with finding answers–and with unraveling the mystery of his absent, beautiful ex-wife, Rachel.
i LOVE a good before and after, don't you?
Open from 12:00 to 20:00
1 illusion
***THIS DRAWING IS CLOSED!!***
Family always came first. This was illustrated from the very beginning. After she married Tom, Alice often wrote lovely letters to Aunt Mary Fitterer Harrison, which made her feel included in their new life together. Alice always was the connecting link for the whole family network.
Haughty heat
When I heard the story, I made the person tell it to me twice because I couldn't believe it. No punishments. No explanations of why stabbing people is wrong. No lessons on how to deal with bullies. No lessons dealing with anger or frustration. No comfort.
What do you think that does to the playing field?
And all I can do is
I wish I could say that the time to finish it is definitely now and I will proceed with determination to get it done before our next anniversary. But there's a lot more left to do than I thought and I have also remembered how much I hate to do French knots... (Sigh.)
After, back in their home:
Last Friday I found out, that I am anything but 'proper', 'polite' and 'refined'.
Anyhoo, a guest room redo has been on my radar for about two years now. Basically since stepdaughter went off to college.
09/09/2011 SELL 0.01 usdcad 0.99634 09/13/2011 0.99098 +5.43
If anything it made us stronger as a family.
- Thomas Berry, Dream of the Earth
Grace Elliot leads a double life as a veterinarian by day and author of historical romance by night. Grace works in a companion animal practice near London and is housekeeping staff to five moggies, two teenage sons and a guinea pig. Grace started writing as an antidote to modern life and believes intelligent people have the greatest need to read romance!
A boy walked into a CD store and saw a girl behind the counter.
But there is one thing that God constantly reminds me of. And it’s that he doesn’t require me to be a perfect woman. That’s a title the world constantly gives to us and that we willfully pressure ourselves with. We have to have it all together, and look good doing it all. Maybe in a perfect world, that’s possible. But in the real world, not probable. Instead of trying to fit the mode to be a perfect woman, we should be gracious with ourselves when we face every day challenges of life. I believe God would rather us not be so hard on ourselves, even in the midst of this crazy sometimes chaotic busy world.
I had not known it then but the bodies shown in Delacroix's paintings, submitting to the fury of cruelty and love, were already familiar to me. Injury and ecstacy, bestiality and rupture, the fusion of pain and bliss was the very story of the saints, mystics and martyrs the Catholic religion I grew up in extolled.
Why do things happen the way they do?
A group called Take the flour back are not very happy about this. They are planning a ‘decontamination’ aka trampling, setting fire to or otherwise destroying the wheat plots at May 27th. Amongst their reasons for doing this are the fact that GM crops are untrialled. To which the obvious solution is to destroy field trials… Apparently. I’ll get back to you once I’ve figured out how that one works.
“Assignments of the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee (or its nominee) will not be recorded in any jurisdiction, but will be delivered to the Trustee in recordable form, so that they can be recorded in the event recordation is necessary in connection with the servicing of a Mortgage Loan.”
None of this might have mattered too much to Ireland (apart from the fact that if James II had managed to stay on his throne, it is very likely that the government would have treated Irish Catholics much more kindly than it did under William), except that the final drama of the contest between James and William actually took place on Irish soil. The armies of those who wished to see William III stay on the throne and the army who wanted to put James II back where he belonged met at the River Boyne on 12th July 1690, a date forever immortalised in Irish-Protestant culture, with William becoming the eternal hero of the community (below). William’s army was triumphant and James narrowly escaped with his life, returning to France, where he spent the rest of his life as a guest of his cousin, King
1) Click on the title of the post you'd like to comment about.
I call the facility. Again they switch me to billing department. Matter of fact tone, she scoffs at me. Like how could I ever be surprised over such a thing. I had my test done at a trauma center, of course it would cost me more than it would anywhere else. I said over a thousand dollars more? She said, "Oh yes. We don't do echos here for less than $2,000 and that is for a standard echo and you had a 2D complete and it was recorded" (lucky me.) Thinking of the future I asked her if this would also be true for an MRI. Yes, at least $1,000 more at a trauma center. She said I could call and ask the amount of one if I decided to have one (she said it like it was an easy and obvious thing to call and get a price. I felt like screaming that is what I tried to do for the echo! And no one would tell me _ _ _ _!) I then asked her if she had the adjusted bill saying we owe $700 now instead of $1,200+, she said no, it shows here you owe us the full amount. She told me I could set up a payment plan, and that I had 90 days to pay then it goes to a collection agency, and she hung up.
Everybody knew that he gets way too drunk way often, something that clubs here doesn't really want.
A bit like this awesome get-up that I won on eBay last year...
1/2 teaspoon fleur de sel or 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
As Father Newman described in an article here, he omits all introductory and extemporaneous remarks. Father did not introduce me during Mass--and I am totally fine with that! The Mass is about our Lord and the people came to worship him. I stayed after Mass to pray and if anyone wanted, they could say hello; they didn't--they prayed! Good for them! And I'm sure Father will tell them if they ask, who that priest was.
Here is a peek at a unusual project I have started
Of course the existence of these brands shows that the major brewers have a foot in both camps, they know that generic mainstream brands like VB and XXXX will die out, but they also know that it will be a very slow death, and they will be there with Corona, Summer Bright, Fat Yak, Pure Blonde and Little Creatures that will be the brands of the next generation (or maybe just the next year before some other new hot brand comes along).
Treadmill. 15 Minutes. 2.2km. Not as fast as Friday, but I actually found this easy-ish. I would have gone on for longer but I found my knee and shin on my right side was actually feeling a bit sore.
- drudgery
Thanks again Melissa for this wonderful opportunity!
Some calls may be recorded for the purposes of taking the piss.
So when we are discouraged what does God teach us to do? God shows us here that action is the best thing to break discouragement. Often we try to get discouraged people to rationalize why they are discouraged. We try to deal with an emotional problem by academic means; but that doesn’t always work. The best way to get the attention of those struggling with discouragement is to put them to work. Put their hands, feet, their total body into service for God. God gave the discouraged Elijah a task; but not just any task and not just one task.
This week's subject chosen by the beautiful gigi @ afterthoughts is GARDENS. Flower gardens, veggie gardens, butterfly gardens, rock gardens, any interpretation you have of the subject.
It was around 5 pm when we arrived at the banks of the Agastya Teertha. From there we could see both the Bhootnatha Temples. The sun, which had been playing hide and seek with the clouds and us the whole afternoon, came out for a brief while. Almost on cue, the strains of a shehnai began, probably played from western Bhootnatha temple. The strains soon grew louder and discernible as Raga Sarang.
I had my first pen pal at age 11, so I've been at it for half my life.
If there was a better way to go then it would find me
green color background for main layout themes, sea design with minimalist
The SC mentioned that no one had picked out looks for the business wear run, so I thought we could explore those options. "I could rock a business look since I use to do it in my Corporate America days," I told her. She led me to a rack of '80s business suits and stated how great they are but no one ever gets them.
She agreed
The surfboards with a big sail on them. It’s very different to normal surfing, but it’s super fun. The first time I tried, I could only go in one direction (with the wind, away from the shore). I had to sit on my board for 3 hours before the lifeguard came to fetch me in his little speedboat, and it took me a few lessons to learn how to use the sail to go in both directions.
For the next few months my husband seemed to adopt that 'slapped by a wet fish' look, probably wondering how the hell he had managed to go from having a slim, carefree wife at our wedding in July 1990 to being the parents of twin girls by the following March - lucky guy eh!
Oct 27 2008 -- The biggest migration in the world is now taking place in South Africa. Many millions of famished, terrified Zimbabweans and other destitute Africans continue to stream into South Africa, setting up many new, crime-ridden squatter camps. At the same time, the country is being plunged into a vicious political battle which shows all the hallmarks of an approaching civil war - adding a new sense of urgency to the taxpayers' flight from the growing violent-crime epidemic and the increasingly feral killer-gangs. Foreign investors also woke up rather suddenly when the melt-down started: they are now selling off their SA shares to the tune of R47 673-billion this past year alone...
@Sara: 27 hours?! Where do I sign for the C-section ;-)
As they moved from Fringe to established theatres, to drawing up what David Hare called in one of his plays “Maps of the World,” many of the Marxist writers abandoned single-issue plays, the staple of Agitprop, like David Edgar's Wreckers(1977), which is about the effects of a particular Industrial Relations Act in 1971.
Toor dhal - 1 tbsp
17. Please Don't Leave Me (Domino) 2:55
“You always stare at me. It makes me uncomfortable. Why do you do that?” he asked.
Remember: God loves extends even when we have gone astray. Lovely day!
and I can't imagine it without you.
Cline continued to thrive in 1961, and gave birth to a son, Randy. On June 14, 1961, she and her brother, Sam, were involved in a head-on car collision on Old Hickory Boulevard in Nashville, the second and more serious of two during her lifetime. The impact threw Cline into the windshield, nearly killing her. Upon arriving, Dottie West picked glass from Patsy’s hair, and went with her in the ambulance. While that happened, Patsy insisted that the other car’s driver be treated first. This had a long-term detrimental effect on Ms. West; when West was fatally injured in a car accident in 1991, she insisted that the driver of her car be treated first, possibly causing her own death. Cline later stated that she saw the female driver of the other car die before her eyes at the hospital.
Hurray, I thought. And I thanked her. Then, I clicked on the link, only to go to the same page I was before.
ISBN : 1849680183
Even from afar, wherever my Mom’s spirit flies, she is still protecting my hide.
determined to go to the outdoor pools there, and we saved this experience for our last afternoon in the city. (In hindsight, I think this was because we both anticipated problems and we were putting it off.) We made it to the city park and walked around admiring the Transylvanian Vajdahunyad Castle replica and woodsy scenery. We were stalling. Why? What did we know about the baths? Only highlights from the book: “scantily clad” and sometimes nude locals, very few English-speaking attendants, an extremely complex and detailed account of how to successfully enter, pay, change, lock up valuables, keep key, bathe, relocate locker, use key, change, find exit, show receipt for refund of any remaining time on your ticket…it warned us that it would be difficult but worth it.
So, LIFE is Good. Return home. Rush to class. Spend the rest of the week preparing for a group project and finals while Jerry played his new favorite XBox game, Borderlands. Jerry was really focused on the game until he beat it and was sorely disappointed in the ending. Still, he thinks he might buy one of his own (he'd been playing a rented copy). Jerry seems to be coming out of the gaming bubble a bit more these days and I really like that.
After the badge presentation - and the girls seemed to like it this way so we may well do it again this way next term - we moved on to the Christmas section of the evening, as planned by my daughter as part of her Baden Powell award. The girls split into their sixes and moved round one of four sections every ten minutes:
So, I got this message from my buddy Sandy over at TheSandyTongue. A challenge. One that, if asked by anyone else, I probably wouldn’t do… LOL. But his posts keep me in stitches. Even the ones I don’t agree with. I try really HARD not to read his posts at work, because I laugh so loud they KNOW I’m not working! So here goes…
The Obama campaign apparently didn't look backwards into history when selecting its new campaign slogan, "Forward" — a word with a long and rich association with European Marxism.
and how I tied my shoe
Apparently, it is possible to do this with three boxes of blond hair treatment and a will to live dangerously.
He also spoke up about muslim grooming (of girls from the ages of 11), which was brushed over, he spoke up about the use of burquas druing arm raids – which was brushed over, he spoke up about islams inability to intergrate – which was brushed over, he asked a muslim guest about his links to militant islamic groups (banned) – which was brushed over, he spoke up about up a womens place in sharia law – which was brushed over, and he spoke up attacks upon him and threats to his family – which was brushed over.
Then you can do with them what you please….we chose to cut them open and fill them with mixed berries and LOTS of whipped cream….see? like this:
to see what was eaten in the golden time of the boulevardiers, grissettes and lorettes (the women of money or beauty who chased life and love for money or for fun – often kept by gentlemen of means) who frequented Maison Dorée.
I have to apologize that I haven’t had the proper amount of time to write something new here. But I promise that I’m going to make up for it. In just a few days, one of Cityoftheweek’s Bucket List items is going to come true and I am fully prepared and can not wait to share the new experience. I decided that I wouldn’t write of an old memory, but would like to share at first hand, the day after I come home, my new and probably wonderful opinions of a city I’ve been dying to visit. In the next days I am going on a trip to a destination I’ve long been waiting for, due to its’ reputation of being one of the most beautiful cities in its country. And as soon as I get back, the first thing I will do is to talk about it and it’s surroundings, and of course show you some fresh pictures and some surprises. So please be a little bit more patient and tune in for some new updates very soon!
The thing is, you can't force relationship like these or make something be that is not there. The foundations of these relationships started when I was a little girl. These people invested in my little life, taught me, encouraged me and loved on me when I needed.
the stars etch
Phoning Ward 5E, despite me feeling fine, after they consulted they rang back and wanted me to come in. No beds so they said I had to go to John Radcliffe A&E.
Joseph Stromberg notes that the Voortrekkers lived in a state of stateless anarchism before the formal implementation of the republics.
The Neutral palette is simply chic, and the teal lipstick is daring. The new Skin Base in AU can be this summer's must-have.
Narrator You’re going to put your new one inside your old one? That’s a good idea.
This stew is perfect for winter - it brings a touch of the Carribean summer and warms you up. Nigella's recipe had store bought "mini meatballs" - I made them from scratch using minced meat (lamb or goat mince is fine) mixed with bread crumbs, egg, oil and some herbs and spices. Make balls and then deep fry or bake. These were then simmered for about an hour and a half in coconut milk and stock along with chickpeas, sweet potato and pumpkin (in lieu of the butter squash in the original recipe).
Back to the grind (more quilting. I'm not actually WORKING today) (feel a little guilty about this... )
Valentines. That dreaded word again. That day when happy couples rub their happiness into your face. So what if you got lots of boys? So what if you have more sex? They're the ones in love and when you sleep at night, you're still alone, aren't you?
Is our client the "people", i.e., the rank and file, of the host country?
Here are a few samples of Brandon's amazing work.
Remember I love you
Oil continues gushing from the Deepwater Horizon well. The big questions are still: what exactly happened, what is being done about it, and where is the oil going? Keep in mind that regardless of what safeguards or prohibitions the United States puts on deep water drilling in its own coastal waters, it still wants the drilling to continue and expand around the world, and so do all the world’s oil consumers. What is happening in the Gulf of Mexico could happen all along the Gulf of Guinea, and in increasingly numerous locations all around the world. Would governments be able to hold the oil companies to account for timely fixes and for damages? So far the US government is doing a poor job of protecting or investigating. There are lessons and warnings in the US Government’s approach to analysing and cleaning up following the spill.
I never watched any Star Trek apart from the original Kirk & Spock series, but I don't have any particular hatred for the other series. Enterprise was the one with Scott Bakula, right? How can anyone hate Scott Bakula? (Louise went to college with Scott Bakula's niece. She got a signed photo as proof but she's lost it now.)
That would hurt me.
He is tatted in some size 10 Rainbow Bright that I dyed to make Lucet cords. The only size 10 I have ever dyed. Now I need more colours in size 10! This one has the longer horn of a Black Rhino.
“Could it be a shark?”, the coxswain cried.
a stilling
1. Attributes of God. Choose 10 (or more) attributes of God that you want to praise Him for. Make a page for each one. For each attribute, write out at least 3 Scripture verses which mention or describe that attribute. Some examples of attributes would be holiness, righteousness, sovereignty, omniscience, etc. At the bottom of each page, write a brief statement or prayer describing why you praise God for that particular attribute.
How far along: 28 Weeks!! Less than 12 weeks to go! Wow!
5. If you only comment on 2 business' products, or just like two Facebook pages, or just buy from one shop and comment on another -- but don't do a third task -- you have not entered and your entry will not be counted.
Since then, Chan has been unable to forgive himself. Alienated from the force and his ladyfriend, he nows spends his nights boozing and his days recovering... for more boozing. Until, of course, a bouncy muppet named Frank (Nicholas Tse) pops into his life.
A judge ignores the voters in California by overturning Prop. 8. Even though the people of the state have voted twice and won to keep marriage between a man a woman.
Is it about the “game”? Is it about feeling triumphant, victorious even, for breaking down a woman’s guards and actually convincing her, to “trust” them….all in the name of getting some vajayjay!
For better or worse, the Opposition’s views get more traction with the Malaysian Netizens. I’m not sure that is all good. But after years of drone-like subservience, Malaysians have taken the proverbial red pill (The Matrix movie reference, sorry).
T.S. WE ARE TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE OF:
OPPOSE KY HB 517: BAD FOR OWNERS, ANIMALS AND THE STATE OF KY
202 7. “Justice Brennan, Due Process and the Freedom of Speech: A Celebration of Speiser v. Randall.” John Marshall Law Review, vol. 20, pp. 7-27 (Fall 1986).
Pretty excited about both. Hope it won't rain.
- Damage to liver and kidney functions
hot and salty.
The happy woman says,
Last words. If you knew you were going to die in a month, a week or a day what would you do? Where would you go? Who would you spend all of your time with? What would you say to them? What would be your last words to the friends and family you love?
Not good, right? We need to get on to it. Make a plan. Do you have an emergency plan in your household? How do you store your important documents?
Those who are vegetarian can substitute coconut milk with milk. Even if you use water instead of milk the taste will be good but I recommend coconut milk as it only tastes much, much better than milk, and that is not an exaggeration!
When the word “Nurse” is mentioned, there are two possible images that come to mind: an incredibly young woman in a white uniform holding a needle and syringe, or an incredibly old surly woman holding a needle and syringe-always a syringe. Never a tape measure.
Plus I didn’t kill anyone, which is always a massive bonus.
2/28: Popular Genres; Screening: American Psycho (2000); Reading: Clover, “Her Body, Himself” (CV 513-526)
The prehistoric engines that drove the subterranean world beneath Nazerak woke Sharia’s deepest, instinctive fears, like the trapdoor before, and now the subtle energy of the tomb. She paused with her fingertips just brushing one of the blades, and looked closer at the heap of ruin stretched out on the slab. Were her eyes playing tricks, or was the dust around the corpse moving? As she watched, thin tendrils of dirt, silt, and sand began slithering up onto the desiccated corpse, filling gaps, adding girth to fleshless limbs.
prancing rudely about, kicking everything.
I’m working on another essay involving mid-century jazz and the Blue Note label — this one involving organist Jimmy Smith and record company vaults, for The Threepenny Review – so I wanted to toss out links to some interesting, related video clips. One is an interview with engineer Rudy Van Gelder, one of the most important people in modern music, period. Nearly every jazz session on Blue Note, he was in the room taping it, countless sessions for Verve and Prestige, too. When you hear the warmth and richness of Coltrane’s “Blue Train” and Hank Mobley’s “Soul Station,” it’s because of Rudy. When you hear every fine detail of a jazz drummer’s brushes, or every crystaline note on Kenny Burrell’s guitar — and when Jimmy Smith’s organ sounds neither overdriven or like a chirping circus tent nightmare — we have Rudy to thank. He is, without question, the Coltrane of the control room.
Moving on from that question, my next topic of discussion is substitute English teachers, that aren’t actual English teachers. When it comes to substitute teachers, why is it that they always give you one that isn’t apart of that subject? No matter whether it’s English, history, music or maths, they never seem to give you the teacher for that actual subject.
great spot about the Counting Crows
Up 2nd, down 3rd access. Met Dakota at Chat and headed up. Running when the terrain allowed. Afterwards, headed to Eldorado Canyon for some climbing. Dakota led like a champ while I flailed on top-rope.
And apologies for my silence of late. The Hubs and I have taken upon ourselves to do a bit of home renovation, and we're in a bit of a time crunch to get it done (before Friday)... so... I've been a tad busy.
Jersey Girl
Flesch : 67.8
"Moonchild" – 4:48
First, I ordered the chalkboard fabric from fabric.com Once I got it in I couldn't wait to get started. I purchased some cute fabric from Hobby Lobby and got to work.
Being given permission to play, tell stories and imagine has always been a huge draw-card for me. But one of the main reasons I love this line of work are the people. The temporary family thing, ya know? From the casting department, to the gaffers and caterers, the kinds of people drawn to film and television are liberal-minded, amazingly creative, intelligent, grounded people, who are all working, (at least in Australia), not solely in it for the moolah, but for the love of the medium, and belief in the project. Every day you get to wake up and go to work with a whole lot of people who love what they do.
Kayla posted this recipe in October and I kept meaning to get to it but, let's be honest, I have a thing about goat cheese. Finally though I just sucked it up and made it and Oh. My. It was so delicious. Blaine came home from work yesterday and said, "I know I had it for dinner yesterday and lunch today but I am kind of disappointed that you aren't making that pasta again for dinner tonight."
This is an amazing month for me. My new book, The Best Life Ain't Easy, but It’s Worth It released this fall with Moody Publishers. It’s full of stories of God’s faithfulness and reads like a novel. It’s the most personal, honest, reflective story I've ever told, and it's all about God's patience and persistent love in my life.
Add in buttermilk (all at once).
4.) Coat each slice of bread in the batter mixture and place in your hot frying pan
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Sundance Amber Ale
1 tablespoon instant coffee granules
Raquel Welch
Thai people like to talk about their culture, Thai food and the good impression about Thailand. Ping pong ball, badminton and volleyball are their favourites.(Sports Newspaper has a good market. ) So sports is also what they like to discuss.Topics which should be avoided are complaints about traffic, weather and pollution though they often complain about them. Tourists had better not complain, especially to the Thai girl you are dating.
I cannot wait until this is o-v-e-r.
One of the topics was about how you get past the sludgy bits in a manuscript, especially when you have exciting scenes a few chapters ahead. We've all been there, when the writing feels like you are walking through curdled chocolate pudding. It feels like it takes forever!
2) Network toolkit Lite - Network Toolkit LITE is a collection of tools for any network administrator. It provides the basic tools needed in a daily job: PING, TRACEROUTE, WHOIS and SUBNET CALCULATOR
Call it bad sex and the city. With its unflinching (and often explicit) depiction of some of the most unerotic couplings you’ll ever see onscreen, HBO’s critically-acclaimed new comedy “Girls” captures the sexual wasteland of the millenials’ hook up culture — the grim reality of “no strings attached” sex between post-college guys, who have learned what they know about sex from online porn, and post-college girls, who have learned what they know about sex from Cosmopolitan magazine. Created by and starring Lena Dunham and executive produced by Judd Apatow, “Girls” tells the story of four educated and adrift young women in their mid-twenties trying to manage their romantic lives amid the joyless sex and jobless recovery of an unforgiving New York City
because once you know how to find your
Anyway - this mum said to me, "When you're in the moment (ie, when Maddy was in NICU), you just have to survive - you don't think about how you're coping, you just do. People tell you that they're amazed how you manage it all, but the truth is, you don't have any alternative. In some ways, looking back on that time after it's all over is even more traumatic than it was going through it, since you're not running on that adrenalin any more".
Paul Barrère - guitar, vocals
As we said goodbye and drove away, I prayed to God to show me waht to do. It was no accident that we were led here, that we were to see these girls and to learn their story. As I licked my lips I could taste Selam and Abeba. Anyone who has visited orphans knows that salty, dirty smell that the kids have. You look past it, because you care more about giving them love than the dirt or smell they carry. For the first time that taste was so sweet and I didn't want it to go away.
Waking up on the right side of the bed
David raised his eyebrows. “Yes. Of course. Were you imagining fire and lava and all that kind of thing? No, sir. The problem is that Hell is such a strong, misinterpreted word. Hell just means not going to Heaven. There is only here, and Heaven. Being stuck here, after you’ve died and should be in Heaven? Chased by those people? That would be Hell.”
Me: Well, only cuz you have one. And I have one.
“Now piss off back to sea,” she said
Meanwhile, there’s a drilling sensation inside my head; it pushes through the bones of my skull, and makes me think that I’m going crazy.
I was lucky to connect with an agent early on but there has been plenty of rejection from editors. Plenty. More than enough. Did I mention there was plenty of rejection?
standing with their feet in snow
One of the main limitations within this study was time. This meant that the sample size and number of participants is relatively small and any generalisations made are limited in their usefulness for this reason. This meant that there was limited time to conduct interviews, gather observations and request follow-up interviews to explore any aspects of the study that jumped out as us during the data collection phase.
Did I mention this fall weather is perfect for cycling?
(Smell you the smell of the grapes on the vines?
From that first class on, I have not regretted taking the course. Like most people, I cringe at the thought of having to do public speaking. I also found that the preparation for each presentation was somewhat painful since I often left it until late Friday night to start. The lack of sleep probably did not help either, but I don’t recall feeling tired in class. In fact, I enjoyed class. Each week, I’d spend the entire week at work looking forward to attending my Saturday course.
Props to the final shot, with the self-posessed, urchiny Cazzillo making his way through a 1970s Rome, a little hawk in search of prey. That was fabulous. And props, as always, to lovely Nino Manfredi, our favorite interpreter of Romanness (even though, in this film, he's Neopolitan - and whoa! that accent!).
Okay, now on to the Updates part. I've been working on Hereafter lately, but I feel like I'm forcing it. It's just not coming to me like it should. This is a lesson learned, I cannot write when pressured. Not if I want it to be a decent story with a good plot line. So, I've set it aside for a while. I will come back to it eventually...just not right now. I'm sure I'll write a post about all of this later when Hereafter is near completion. It's been bouncing around in my head for a while actually.
If you attend adoptive classes or read adoptive blogs, you’ve no doubt heard the story of a couple who tried, tried, tried to have kids but were not able to. They turned to adoption, and soon after a placement, BAM, they’re pregnant. (This does happen, but NEVER go into adoption hoping that will be the trick. Be an adoptive parent to be an adoptive parent.) What if this is God’s way of saying, “Hey, I know you want to start your own family, but there is this child that I want you to parent that I know you’ll love with all your heart. I know that you won’t see this path until I block the one you’re on now.”
What is hard is that my changes are not embraced by all those around me. That's hard to face.
The foodie blogosphere has been all a twitter (ha!) about this stuff called Biscoff Spread and recipes for it have been cropping up everywhere. I decided I wanted to give it a try since I love the Biscoff cookies so I found it at the newly re-opened Fred Meyer Burlingame. Side note, have you checked out that remodeled Freddys? It has a salad bar. And Biscoff Spread. I’m just saying, go check it out.
After the meetings, we headed to the Gladney Care Center for goodbyes and the coffee ceremony. Ruthie Mekdes handled this exceptionally well.
It's so stifling for a kid that just wants a little space and freedom to breathe and be her own person. Everything, for that kid, had strings attached. Some kids will comply to these things, some kids will simply cope knowing they can't change their circumstances and put up and shut up. Some kids simply won't and this kid didn't want to. Her life felt unbearable and crushing, to the point of needing to get away from that oppression.
But what was even more significant was that a week or so later, we had a small awards ceremony where the principal and coach presented some awards to the team. One was for best and fairest, which went to a player who thoroughly deserved it. The second was a ‘Best Trainer’ award, which was to go to the person who the coach believed trained the hardest all year. That award went to me.
As you can see, you can’t lose here. Take it for a trial, if you don’t like the product just ask for your money back.
There are only a few problems I can see stopping this change. One being payment issues. Currently people within a company all get paid what they get paid, there is a tried and tested system. Testers being paid next to nothing and producers picking up the fat checks, at least with blockbuster titles. With this new system the people that work exclusively on the campaign in Call of Duty are bound to pick up a smaller check at the end of the day. This could cause a snowball effect, with Activision changing the way the money is divided up within the studio. Its quite possible that after more COD titles the budget for the campaign could be totally weeded out . Greed/business sense is the other one. Why would big players like Activision spilt their game up knowing that a large majority of their consumer base is willing to pay £45 just for COD’s multiplayer? Finally it could affect the complete experience. Many games are packaged in such a way that every action in the game infuences another aspect in a different part. A good example for this is Halo Reach’s credit system. Actions in firefight,story, and multiplayer all reward the player with points that can be used to customise one overlapping character. So removing the flow within the game may have to become a serious consideration for developers. It also forces publishers to appoint certain values to different aspects of game which could undermine the game it’s self.
I also contacted customer service about the payment (seriously, I’m not usually this much of an annoying customer!). The payment service is through 2checkout, and they have two payment options, either directly with 2checkout or using paypal through 2checkout. There was some site error going on at the time I tried to pay, which was resolved by the time customer service got back to me about it (which was very fast). I used paypal, as I have had bad experiences with my bank in the past using 2checkout’s direct payment service. My bank tends to think that overseas purchases through 2checkout mean that someone has hacked my account, so they shut everything down (this has happened twice). Very annoying. Hence why I went with the paypal option.
on a country by country basis, to “to withhold content from users in a specific country while making it available to the rest of the world.” This policy will allow Twitter to grow internationally into countries with "different ideas about the contours of freedom of expression", but won’t affect China or Iran where Twitter is already completely blocked.
OK, so it was Friday. The last one. And while you all were gleefully adorning Facebook pages with ‘TGIF’ and ‘Ready for the weekend!!!!!’ updates, I was journeying into the depths of Hell. (Not that I’m bitter. I do it to myself.) And as I’m strapping on my canteen of Tide and stuffing my pockets with Bounce, I hear child #1 chanting urgently from the family room: “Chicken dinner! Chicken dinner! CHICKEN DINNER!” This annoys me. Not because it distracts me from the task at hand, but mostly because to me, ‘chicken dinner,’ is a menu request for a meal I am not yet ready to make. It’s 1:30 PM, for God’s sake. Who but a Genghis Kahn-in-the-making starts shouting dinner orders before I’ve even found time to toss the lunch plates in the trash? Honestly.
8. It was written Down
#61. snuggling under the covers
It feels inappropriate to say this to a child, but I want her to know that her spirit isn't in the jar, just the shell of her is. She is somewhere else, somewhere within us and outside of us. She is the wind and the breath and the whispers and the phone falling off the wall. She is the ladybug and the hummingbird and the moss in our terrariums. Some people believe that babies who die turn into angels, but in God's world, angels were never human, they were warriors. I ask her what she thinks.
That's the name of the dance these two are performing.
11 Unity in Diversity
I gave a report in a class on Shakespeare, once, on As You Like It, in which I focused on the Catholic imagery within Arden Forest. The Professor told me afterward, “You can find any Shakespeare you want to find.” I looked for the Catholic Shakespeare, and I found him. Marche finds the hedonist, and commits to this being the only viable Shakespeare. Sonnet 129 becomes a meditation on semen. Shakespeare and Freud would have been best pals. Marche skews disguises in the Bard’s plays into an open endorsement of transvestism. Even as Marche explains the difficulty (and ultimate futility) nailing down actual historical information on Shakespeare, he forms his own Shakespeare into what he wants Shakespeare to be.
Not much I can say good about it.
- R.Hayman
I only really got to have him around for Sunday night, Monday night, and a few hours today. But it was well worth it because he's my friend and it was great to see him when I didn't think I would again. It's a long story but, basically, he has no reason to visit my office again any time soon and I have no reason to travel to any office so, there you go. We chatted, shared a few meals, and had fun. He even got to meet Upstairs Kid. All in all, not a wasted trip. And he bought me Starbucks today and peeled an orange for me so I really scored.
Charlie just nods.
Bond prices rise when interest rates drop. Since the early 1980s, drop is exactly what interest rates have done, creating a 30 year bull market. Rates are now at historic lows. So, you have the double negative of high price and low return. As rates revert to more regular levels, though your income will continue, prices of existing bonds and funds will drop – it’s math.
The persistence with which stories are reported is another reinforcement — stories that serve, or can be manipulated, to uphold dominant ideologies can be covered for long periods of time with small developments creating opportunities to create fresh reports at the same time that stories that are ideologically inconvenient are reported briefly, often without context, then quickly dropped.
I love how well the ribbon matches the different papers and the flower. It's like they were made for each other!
It’s just business.
c. With our lips of edification will come greater filling
The other day I left a pretty passive-aggressive status on my facebook. I don't usually do that - I don't see facebook as a place to broadcast your personal life, but it was a weak moment and I wanted my voice to be heard. Chances are, if you read that status and you are trying your best to be friends with both me and my ex, that was directed towards you. Lately I've found myself so angry, because I feel like these friends, these people who have only known me and my ex as a couple, are in the midst of their own struggle of trying to keep both of us in their lives while not hurting anyone's feelings. Being human, I was tired of being sympathetic of this struggle that these people are going through, because I was so hurt and felt so left out and have felt so alone lately. When Sean first moved out, I had an overwhelming support system and any time I needed some one or something... they were just there. But, months and months have passed and at some point people have to get back to their normal lives.
6. Copy the AFN listed for that individual.
Candy's blogged about the award ceremony here - which saves me the job! After the ceremony I went out to dinner with my fantastic editors from Frances Lincoln, Maurice Lyon and Emily Sharratt, and also Nicky Potter, the FL publicist; and J P Buxton, also short-listed for his book I am the Blade , an exciting retelling of the Arthurian legend, his family and editor Beverley Birch. Jamie Buxton and I got to make the speeches about our editors that we would have made if we'd won. Mine was slightly less sensible than it would have been earlier, thanks to some lovely New Zealand sauvignon blanc, but the gist of it was clear...Maurice is a magical editor who deserves to win every award going, and I can't thank him enough for saying yes to When I Was Joe.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-four. She lived just long enough to meet my daughter, Emily, and to advise us to feed her on bread-and-milk. I don't think we took her advice.
Third: Those zip codes that are 2 zip codes away? Some of them actually have points closer to us than most of the zipcodes 1 away from us! About 3 of them. So they went on the list too.
My boyfriend pointed out that maybe I should have put things like
The Packs will be available starting November 1, at which time purchase links will be available.
13-Flee-Rekkers - Sunday Date
1) U.S. and foreign individuals in extremis situations involving potential life or death circumstances; 2) senior U.S. and foreign government officials who make public statements or provide public updates; 3) U.S. and foreign government spokespersons who make public statements or provide public updates; 4) U.S. and foreign private sector officials and spokespersons who make public statements or provide public updates; 5) names of anchors, newscasters, or on-scene reporters who are known or identified as reporters in their post or article or who use traditional and/or social media in real time to keep their audience situationally aware and informed; 6) current and former public officials who are victims of incidents or activities related to Homeland Security; and 7) terrorists, drug cartel leaders, or other persons known to have been involved in major crimes of Homeland Security interest.
I left off blogging abruptly last spring when everything got chaotic during the move. I continued homeschooling Casia for a couple more weeks, but then just gave up when my list of to-do's got bigger and her excitement about the move got too distracting. We picked it up again for a few weeks over the summer, but with a constant stream of visitors and activities, it seemed like more effort than it was worth trying to squeeze it in here and there.
(Note that boiling water reactors, with much lower pressures, used much thinner vessels - but that as time went on the boiling water reactor vessels became physically much larger than pressurized water reactor vessels.)
This isn’t a written post really. It is just a video clip i wanted to share.
"You have been lulled into a false sleep," they said, "told that others (B.P.) would take care of this problem. This is not so," they said. "And this is not the time for you to fall into oblivion. Determine now to stay awake, and once you have made that commitment, think of, cast, and hold the Net of Light. Hold it deep and hold it wide. Amplify its reach to penetrate the waters of the Gulf and dive deep beneath the crust of Mother Earth. Anchor it at the earth’s core and as you hold it there, ask it to unify with the mineral kingdom of this planet. It will do this and will harmonize with all the solid and liquid mineral states on earth-including oil and gas. The Net of Light will call these minerals back into harmony.
The headline is bad for music. He has been financially successful in the music business but there’s no mention of music in the article.
Don't believe me???
I’ve now got around to watching the first episode of Titanic (the Julian Fellowes version not crazy Cameron’s in 3D) and I thought it was very good and I certainly don’t know what all those Downton Abbey apologists are moaning about.
Back soon. Much love.
I think everyone has got a different side to their character, and my sweet side tends to come out a lot in my music. Yet, there are other songs where you see my edgier side where I am a bit feistier, but sweet is definitely one of my characteristics, however it is not all of me.
Both men are disenfranchised from the societies they live in, feeling detached and begin to de-identify with people around them. They are both fragile and vulnerable to be drawn into a seductive world outside their sphere of experiences. That world is Esoteric and each contains a Secret Society exactly like those today such as Freemasonry at highest levels and so on.
Caliph
The Video
For those of you more versed in the intricacies of interpreting the First Amendment, it would be a big help if you were to weigh in on this idea of Nahncee’s.
to convert over to reading my Wordpress blog from now on
So those iphone-savvy people can go download it.
Because Megan was off on Saturday and Sunday, we decided to go to our favorite place in Florida. Bonifay. Never heard of it? All the better for us; we're happy to have it all to ourselves! Great family, endless fun things to do, and pig outs on a daily basis. There is no telling how many times we've gone to bed with a stomach ache. It probably happens more often than not.
The real problem is when
If I owe you money, Mama, get in line
Years ago this man married an Australian girl. They have come out here after years of not-quite-nagging, hints, not-so-gentle-suggestions, requests and almost-demands from her parents. Oh yes, they are happy enough - for the moment. What makes it bearable for him is the thought that they will go back.
And you know what lies ahead don't you? At least a week of erratic and meagre blogging. I apologise in advance, for real, I wish I could get into the swing of things with some regular blogging again but I unless I want to encourage names like 'laptop friend' from my prospective flatmates I ought to operate a strict door wedged open, laptop lid closed policy. I know the next fortnight is a period of transition for lots of other people off to University so best of luck if you too are flying the nest!
NOM NOM. And then, just to up the cuteness factor, here’s some shots of my favorite companion, my Scottish Terrier, Weenie. Yes, my dog is named after the pug from Eloise. And yes, she is a girl. She also (as you will see) sleeps in a bed that is far too small for her.
Answering Machine
A few years ago, my good friend Lea started a blog challenge of “Blog-everyday-in-May”. It was a good exercise for me in regular blogging. She’s crazy busy now with a houseful of teenagers and I doubt she’ll participate this year–boo hoo!–but I will encourage her anyway.
Anyway … my dedication to you baby boy
Though at times I found him flat and a bit boring on screen
If we connect with someone at an early stage of our life and then begin to experience changes in values and ideals, it is very possible that our partner may not be able to make the same changes. This creates problems for both.
The Ascent of Man, Parts I - VI
One of my favorite places in the RL United States is New Orleans—specifically the French Quarter. It possesses an ambience that combines aspects of what I love about Europe with what I love about the U.S. Dripping with history and charm, inspiring in rich visual textures and character, and exuding a unique personality, I have wandered the streets there for hours and hours. I visit whenever I have the opportunity and always fall in love again—enjoying the music, the small gallery art, the antiques, and the food.
I’m going to glam up my typical everyday studs with some fresh and wild ones…
Bangladesh is going through the latest round of seemingly interminable political clash. The current round is about the forced disappearance of a popular, ‘next generation’ leader of the opposition BNP. But make no mistake, if it wasn’t about Ilias Ali, we would have seen confrontation over something else.
'My husband was a novelist and a good one. He wrote the spare, minimalist prose that won prizes. The idea of using an obvious speech tag horrified him. ‘I love you,’ he said. ‘let’s get married,’ he said, and years later after some small success,’ I am finished,’ he said.
Do you ever feel like the laziest version of yourself? Like you were once the kind of person who was known for getting it done and now you're just Whatevs about pretty much everything? And it's not even about depression?
The poorest youngsters benefit from being in nurseries or with childminders, and wealthy parents can afford the highest quality childcare.
I’m more at home sitting in the brown dark and chaos of the overgrown thicket but the sight of the clearing and the beautiful struggle of ferns calms me and makes me smile.
“Before man was, war waited for him. The ultimate trade awaited its ultimate practitioner…It endures because young men love it and old men love it in them. THose that fought, those that did not.”
appreciate the nothingness.
While it was true that I was going to miss the great food and the wall of spicy sauces at California Tortilla, what I truly really was going to miss was the music they played at our establishment in Ashburn, Virginia. That California Tortilla played nothing but ’80s music.
That evening she called her lover and said: ”No. No more. Never again.”
About 200 Occupiers marched up from Van Ness and took over the building at 888 Turk Street about midday yesterday. They unfurled banners from the roof and invited others to come inside and join them. They tore down the fence around the building, and pried open the doors. They wanted to make the building an urban commune — in their words, “to reclaim and liberate it for the people.”
I like to pull literature into my science activities. The story Sylvester and The Magic Pebble by William Steig goes well with this mini-unit. We talk about the ways that Sylvester's pebble is described, and what senses are used for those descriptions.
Bill Heinze, an intellectual property attorney with Atlanta-based Thomas Kayden Horstemeyer & Risley, uses technology to present himself almost as an oracle who can predict and fend off clients' problems before they even begin to fester. Heinze, of counsel to the 28-lawyer firm, provides clients with free patent and trademark watch services. He even e-mails alerts about new filings their competitors have entered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
I have two conditional offers for placements at 2 different colleges, the condition being that I pass the course I am in right now. And as long as I work my ass off in photography I should :p Then I just have to decide if I stay at the current college I go to, or go to a different one. A change of scenery would be nice, but at the same time, if most of my current class also gets placements that would be great, as we pretty much all get along and work well together.
I ordered smoked salmon salad which was really good.
Release Date: July 3, 2012
From the moment a child is born you're aware that one day that child will leave, and each step you take with them brings you closer to that day. They start making their own choices, have their own opinions, quite often disagree with you but still look to you to guide them, and sometimes even hold your hand (when no-one else is looking!) As parents we long to hold onto that hand but we know we have to let it go, and it's hard, very hard. I'll miss my boy on our walks to school, I'll miss seeing his face in the playground, and our chats on the way home but I know (hope) he's going to enjoy the next stage of his life and we're so looking forward to sharing it with him.
Lat/Long grip: Lateral
Above the clouds they rained down
ney (insert baby name) padyo/padi hasi
THESE EYES - MICHAEL J. SOLENDER
Jewbelation is Shmaltz He’Brew’s annual anniversary ale, brewed for release during Hanukkah. It began with 8 in 2004. The 2010 release is 14, and as usual, the anniversary year corresponds with the number of malts and hops used to brew it, and the alcohol content by volume.
The rapture was today. Are you guys still alive? If anyone who isn't from the US is reading this, have you guys had any earthquakes? Tsunamis? Lightening storms? In theory all of that stuff was supposed to start at the international dateline. Portland remains intact.
Days, weeks, and months and years that I will never get back tracking every bit of food, calculating points, eating gross pre-packaged food, giving up sugar, wheat, dairy, meat, drinking weight loss shakes, no popcorn at the movies, no cake on my birthday, punishing my body at the gym. Believing that everyone who tries hard enough becomes thin.
All the Puzzle pieces, Ms Bonnie, The weaver and I fell in place.
Heavy rains will fall in the states of Parana and Sao Paulo from tomorrow to April 27, Marco Antonio dos Santos, an agronomist at the company in Sao Paulo, wrote in a report e- mailed yesterday. Rainfall may exceed 50 millimeters (2 inches) and will help soil moisture and plants, he said.
7) Immigrant Punk
Still, I’m frustrated. But It’s ok. Maybe it’s not for us in the first place. God prepared something better for us.
Utah
This version of The Doctor brought back mystery to the character. This version hinted that there might be more to The Doctor than wed previously led to believe. This Doctor was more of a schemer and a planner than previous incarnations.
I thought the head bow was a little small. I don't know how big the original is but I always though that it looks so amazing. When I received this tiny, slightly crushed bow I was kind of sad, because I had such big expectations. It looks good though, in general.
"...Your arms are lovely
STD = stretch then dislocate
Squashed us both like a grape.
personal impressions sentiment
1/4 cup Ketchup
We did candle them before we put them in the incubator so that we could see the:
Not for nothing is Israel known as ‘the only democracy in the Middle East.’ The genocidal leaders of American fundamentalist Christians – Pastor John Hagee, Pat Robertson et al. have a ‘dispensationalist’ view that the Jews' 'return' to Palestine is the precondition for the return of Christ. Christians in Palestine don’t exist for them. They receive no support as the anti-Semitic US Christians interpret the Bible so as to exclude Palestinians who are Christian. Indeed the whole of US fundamentalist Christianity is based on denying the fact that Jesus was a Palestinian.
Mom says that since I love people so much, we are going to get me certified as a therapy dog so I can go visit people at nursing homes and hospitals and make them feel better! I think that is a pretty fantastic job and am really excited to start!
I like to think they have help. That they're not taking those first steps alone.
Work has literally been exhausting and nearly all-consuming. There's so much I could say on that topic but I know that that is the less interesting part of my existence these days so let me jump right in to an update on LL.
-What were your thoughts when you found out?
Regan and I love food. We aren’t consumers of much besides food. We’ll gladly pass on updating our wardrobes, upgrading our cell phones, going out to dinner with friends to a place we’ve already been or even getting a second car just so we can have the money we need to spend on the foods we so desire. We get our meat and cheese from Goose the Market and our produce from Green B.E.A.N. Delivery. We avoid grocery stores whenever we can and instead focus on those businesses that make connections with local farmers and focus on sustainable and organic farming. And I’m so glad we do.
Edit 14:30 Link to Borepatch's Article had an extra space.
Garnish: Optional (I did not use)
Rabbit Heart was a good read. However, I was discouraged a bit when some of the dialogue was not interrupted by movement or thought. I had to retrace my steps to figure out who was speaking at what times to gain a better perspective on the conversation at hand. This little flaw aside, I felt the novel was written better than most romance novels I have read in the past. This was the first novel of Colleen Hitchcock and my hope is that she continues to write more. She has an eye for the unusual and a talent for the written word. I would recommend Rabbit Heart to those who love sultry romances mixed with mystery and intrigue.
This is what I call spiritual work. Most parents of special needs children that I have met understand this and are great at working for their child’s recovery.
A man sat at the end of the pew so she went to him, hoping to slip by and take the open seats.
We coasted in with the lights off so not to tip off security and off silently in the dark he went.
anyway…hope U enjoy it!!!
What a scam!
Classes like these sometimes suck all the confidence out of me, and I hear that wheezy, gasping noise balloons make as my ego deflates. I need to remember that some classes won’t go the way I want or planned and really aren’t about me. In other words, this was a great time to practice a few yamas (lama ding dong) and niyamas, which are, essentially, lists of recommended ethics and goals. In particular, I focus on ahimsa (nonviolence), satya (truthfulness), and daya (compassion) from the yamas as well as a niyama known as svadhyaya (self-study). What makes me so very attached to doing well? How do those notions help? Nonviolence helps me to stop the negative feedback. Truthfulness finds the objectivity. Compassion reminds me that I’m human. Self-study aids me in reflecting on that particular class and classes before. In essence, I can practice criticism, which allows me to see what I did well and not so well without personal involvement.
Yep, still here. I can't believe I thought things would be dying down around this time last week. :o
A lot of you on Facebook already know it, but for the rest,
So.... I do not have a card for you today ....... but a scrap book page.
Please stop noting that people have “banned together” for a cause.
First I found two bowls in my kitchen. One was slightly bigger than the other. I traced the smaller bowl first then traced the larger bowl around it. I cut both out create a wreath form. It doesn't matter if it's perfect or not because you are going to cover it up.
So I believe that once someone has experienced nudity in a natural setting and especially social nudity and finds it enjoyable, it is certainly a something that one looks forward to repeating.
We all have a certain crowd which we hate more than leftists; for me, it is the conservative/patriotard type, ready to die for a flag without ever questioning the purpose of it all.
Inspired by the vengeance-laden hysterics coming from the patient in the room next-door, Carla decides right then and there to take matters into her own hands when it comes to dispensing justice. After Ray the bartender is set ablaze while closing up his bar, Carla says, "burn, bastard." When she said that, I was like, yes! In that, I hope she says something like that after every rapist is eliminated. It seemed like they were gonna continue the bastard motif when she gets around to taking care of the next rapist, but, unfortunately, she stopped saying "bastard" after she castrates and drowns Burke in the lake near the hospital.
in determining the amount of compensation payable on the expropriation of land, a task it gives to a state official (a new valuer-general) in place of the courts;
I can count to 29 in Irish, as well as random phrases. I studied French until 14. I'll go far.
TB: Typically the series runs in the third week of the month, starting with the third Thursday for Burlington, Friday for LPS and Saturday for GPS. Conversely, KW has been on Sundays and BB123 is starting on a Wednesday night. Occasionally, depending on the calendar, BSP might fall on the second Thursday (if the month starts on a Friday).
Synchronised
The above quote, spoken by Fritz Maytag, at a beer tasting event at Windows on The World, has been a motto of mine for years. And so it has been no surprise to me that a good many food and beverage pundits have focused a flood of tasty comments on the particular enjoyment of a piece of good cheese and a glass of good beer.
Catch Ali on Tour now in Europe ppl!
Samuel Taylor Coleridge the Rime of the Ancient Mariner and Other Poems
After Pinza retired from the Met in 1947, he almost immediately was cast as Emile de Becque, one of the leads in the new Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, South Pacific. The play was a huge hit, Pinza won a Tony Award for best actor in a musical, and Columbia's original cast album sold in large numbers, not the least because of Pinza's sonorous bass voice and his passionate rendition of "Some Enchanted Evening."
If I understood love, I mean really understood it, I would be a better friend. Selfishness wouldn’t be an issue, nor fear of man. Instead, my individualistic, do-it-myself frame of reference shoves true love out the window. And let’s make sure we’re on the same page: I’m not talking about romantic love, although that is definitely included in the umbrella category. I’m addressing the love we don’t have an English word for. Selfless love.
Sift the confectioners' sugar into a medium bowl and set aside.
You have promoted through exclusives, previews and free downloads; to what extent can you attribute your popularity to sites such as Beatport and SoundCloud and the opportunity to broadcast yourself on a global level?
been on my mind of late.
And from the first grey wakening we have found
Below is an image gallery containing a few pics of recent weddings and events, as well as a few from other sources showing you a few simple ways to use fresh fruit.
This week is the first time…. that our windows have been open 24/7. I absolutely LOVE this weather. It brings so much JOY to my spirit!
Sidewalk littered with loitering dregs,
Arcanine’s Pokemon species is the “Legendary” Pokemon, despite it not being legendary, or even pseudo-legendary. I think the “Legendary” refers to it being spoken of in stories. Its Pokedex entry also refers to a real place, China.
GT needs an Agree-Minister. An Agree minister who can get the fly-by-night entrepreneurs to pay their fair share of rates and taxes. The Agree Minister must also be able to make sure business men ent thief light and get building permits to extend, expand and excrete whenever and wherever they want.
Yeppers, we would be good to go. It was here that we also realized that we could save $10 by going with the white option over the espresso brown one listed online. Score! Especially because white would be perfect with all of the other white we are bringing into the space. So we wrote down the isle and bin numbers and kept on walking.
Lord, Please help me to focus on the good. Please help me to always see that glass in Howard's hand as half full. Help me to be thankful in all things and continue to send reminders to gently pull me back to gratitude when my heart begins to shift to self pity. Please help me to allow the joy to soak in to all of my brokenness.
P.the eff S. – are you reading Fifty Shades of Grey ? Well stop reading this and go , trust me …. You too will want to marry Christian Grey..
Juice of 1 lemon
This is a day to honor mothers. I salute the mothers everywhere and in every manifestation: the mom, the grandmother, the godmother, the mom-to-be, the auntie, the like-a-mom-to-me, the mom to the furry-kind-of-kid, the kind old soul with a motherly glance, the big sister who acts like a mom, and everything in between.
This is what the loft used to look like. Someday when I'm of elementary school age, I'll get to sleep in the bunk above and I'll get to do my homework at the built in desk!
It is not a new revelation from Lucifer.
We drive cautiously, using my 4WD numerous times to slow our descent down the steep-angled and bumpy dirt track. Luckily, a kind of guard rail of sorts is all along the edge, really just a long continuous knee-high pile of gravel, which gives us some feeling that we’re protected from going off the edge. I doubt that it would really stop my Terrain, however, from the pull of gravity and momentum if we lost control of the car.
What would happen if a pastor actually did that? You would be amazed. A beautiful tapestry of hearts touched by Jesus would unfold before the congregation. The living Jesus Christ would literally talk to people and direct them to say and do amazing, heart-felt things.
The sad ones sneak up on me still more often than I’d like – such as when I was filling out paperwork for my new job and had to put down my emergency contact person. My eyes welled up and I panicked -not sure who to put – it had been him for so long. But I took a deep breath and the moment passed – it didn’t drag me down into a hole.
The Shabby Nest receives approximately 370,000 page views per month according to Blogger. It is consistently ranked in the top 40 lifestyle/diy decor blogs by both BlogRankings and BlogTopSites. My reader demographic consists primarily of women ages 25-45 who are stylish, educated, and love their homes!
What inspired you to write SHINE?
Her very own slice of heavenly suburbeness. To use as she desires. Except when it rains. She hates soggy grass.
I'm a man of manners, so I nipped to the loo to gather my thoughts and let the panic attack die down. It was there that I saw a bottle marked 'Moonshine'. 'Ha!' I thought. 'You're rumbled, Uncle Clint!' And I necked the lot. It had a distinctly corrosive edge, but was no worse than my home-made absinthe. I think I only blacked out for 10 minutes. Or possibly 100 minutes. Only a zero, innit?
10) Enter any of the other Prom 2010 giveaways for two extra entries (Miss Ruby Sue Giveaway is currently on!)
And now Olivia is very sick, she has a fever soar throat and looks like crap( well she is still my miss olivia so pretty but you can tell she is very sick) I took her to the doctor last night to make sure she didn't have strep. The doctor wasn't the one we usually see, but he was great!!!! HE walked in and asked Miss Olivia if she swallowed a horse.... NO SHE SAYS WITH A BIG GIGGLE!!!! No strep but he did give us an atibiotic for and ear infection, that we didn't know was the problem.... but thanks just the same!!!!
I took sudafed so I could breathe at the same time I was reclining. I don't really sleep that well sitting up.
ISRAEL HOUGHTON
I love her soft & muted coloring. It works so well on the Kraft background.
If you’ve tried and tried to lose weigh but you just can’t… here are 3 things that you may be doing… “Diet Traps” if you will… that may be messing up your best Weight Loss Efforts.
Grand Central, May 8 2012
(p.s.-- will be responding to comments forthwith! Everyone should be off to school tomorrow...)
I dunno but what Hardknott Dave seems to have got himself up a bit of a dead end on his Wine v. Beer thing. "What about wine's sense of place?", say the wine buffs. "Oooh, you've got us there", we're all supposed to say, before returning to our grimy sheds to slop out a few more buckets of scummy old beer.
We saw that this huge improvement had a tremendous effect on the battery life on Verizon’s 4G network. Now think of the improvements you can expect when the handset will not have to struggle with 4G LTE. Just running on GSM/HSPA+ should already give it a few extra hours easily.
Lastly, I must pass this Glitter E. Yaynus award on to five deserving bloggers whose blogging style reminds me of the criteria for the Glitter E. Yaynus award but since I’m not quite sure what that criteria is, I’m making up my own criteria. Now, Les likened his slate of nominees to Death Row and H.E. likened hers to a Prom Court. Since I have not spent time in prison or at a prom, I’m going to liken my slate of nominees to an insane asylum or more specifically to the crazy train on route to said insane asylum.
[3] pendant from Ikea. because there isn't enough room for a ceiling fan (location is too close to the wall), I want a simple pendant lamp that will bring some natural textures to the room.
Mix the butter and sugar until really smooth (no longer grainy), then add the eggs one at a time, and beat well.
Corbett Report: The Osama Deception! Nuclear Collapse Looms? Fukushima No. 4 Reactor ‘Leaning’! The Closest Enemy: All US Paths Lead To China? TSA Agents Search BABY As Possible Terrorist! Proof: Autism Is Caused By Childhood Vaccines! 83 Cases of Autism Associated with Childhood Vaccine Injury Compensated in Federal Vaccine Court! The Bin Laden Death Psyop Sets The Stage For False Flag Attacks & A Bigger Police State! Global Research: Osama’s Funeral Reported in December 2001 ! December 2001 Report by NYT: “High-Level Murmurings That Bin Laden Is Dead”! Breaking The Gaza Embargo And Israeli Piracy! Local Pakistanis: ‘It’s All A Fake!’ Osama Bin Laden Videos Released By The Pentagon Are A Hoax!!
Grue, for his part, ignored her.
Then gently turn out the cake, dust with icing sugar and serve warm.
We made it all the way down to the first intersection with what I call "the galloping lane" so we turned and headed up it.
It must happen soon. The destruction of our race is well advanced, we are not yet at the eleventh hour, but we are close to ten and the time grows short.
5 lamp
You and Honey live some distance from each other, but you grew up in the same area. Has that distance changed the way you work?
97) Nice to meet you, I’m Sheldon and you’re Gorgeous!
Guests pay a high price for this class of hotel; the Hyatt here in Kiev is more expensive than in New York City or Hong Kong, and this issue is actually emblematic of the wider economy.
I hope her family can keep that from happening. But her sister is right, lives get ruined, there is a “sick role” trajectory and I wonder how anyone in this woman’s shoes can avoid taking it on. Once you come to see that that is now your face in the mirror air-biting, tongue protruding lip-smacking and grimacing back at you it’s a predictable slide from there into brute survival inside the system that created you. Unemployment, halfway houses, residential treatment facilities, wandering in libraries, absorbing the stigmata of the shuffling sick role you can’t hide because your face is contorted by the drug induced grotesquery of sucking tics and grimaces, because everyone knows that’s what a schizophrenic looks like.
50g icing sugar + more for dusting
Stunning: this is my first review in a year. I’ve been an intermittently busy blogger, but a distracted one, it seems. I am back in the saddle now, though—Laughing Boy is done, and I already have Years of Grace on hold at my library. First things first, though: my review.
The sitter had tried to take her to a weekly after-school function and they turned her away because it had only been 21 hours since her sickness and not 24. She was bummed but then suggested we start back up where we left off reading “Cosmos” together.
Could I do it forever? I dunno… I think I could definitely do like… 80-90%, but damnit do I miss bacon. It’s not even that I had bacon that often, but the prospect of bacon is appealing in itself. It’s also pretty depressing to go to the local barbeque places and not even be able to enjoy the fucking baked beans because they’re made with ham hock.
To see the complete syllabus that will be covered in the online lectures
I’m sure that there is a complex and intricate criteria for determining the Greatest Movie Ever. A lot of learned people are probably involved and it probably takes into account a great many elements of the filmmaking process, the artistic merits of the finished product and box office results. Or it’s a pubic phone in on Channel Four. Either way, it’s nearly always Citizen Kane.
Here are a few photos of our memorable trip.
So that’s all to say it is possible! And anytime she hears anyone say
Quote: “You couldn’t fool your own mother on the foolingest day of your life if you had an electrified fooling machine!”
Went fishing on Ebay and got a few Charmed Autos from Inkworks. They are from a few different sets Charmed Destiny, Charmed Conversations, Charmed: Season One and Charmed:The Power Of Three set. They are supporting characters with the exception of Leo Wyatt played by Brian Krause that was the most expensive one. I got most of them for an average of a little under $3.00. I would love to get the autos of the Main stars the Halliwell Sisters but those are usually astronomical.
ONE WEEK LATER Huge Asshat decides he no longer wants to be with Girl, because Girl calls more than once a day, and she asks Huge Asshat and his hillbilly slutty room mates to quit smoking in the house, and to fix walls and other necessary things that needed to be done before they bring a child in the house.
On that note - keep sharing about Give1Save1 to all your friends a family! Those dollars have come a LONG way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will share the grand total with everyone on Sunday! Thanks again!!!!
School districts cried foul when Governor Pat Quinn recently proposed the state stop contributing the employer’s share to teacher pension funds, but the ABC7 I-Team has learned those districts may actually save money by doing so. The Illinois Public Policy Institute released a report Thursday suggesting the districts need to do their math.
Though living on a farm has its lovely little joys, I must say I was reminded this week as to why I will be very thankful when I no longer live on one. At least, when I don't live on one populated by cows. And ridiculously stupid cows at that.
Restaurant and Taproom: 701 Broad Ripple Ave., Indianapolis, Ph: 317-257-5600
This is coming not a moment too soon for, even last week, Speigel was complaining that rising energy prices were endangering German industry. It had Hans Heinrich Driftmann, president of the Association of German Chambers of Industry and Commerce, saying that energy supply was now "the top risk for Germany as a location for business".
Locke-"Well let's just hope you're wrong."
I think it helped that I had earlier finished some rather involved brush removal and grass cutting operations on my yard. I was sweating like a flash flood, I was hot, tired and speckled with bits of dirt and leaves. Once done, I went inside to gulp some water and get the pot boiling on the stove. Since it took a while to get up to temperature, I had the luxury of a cool shower before dinner.
"People say about algorithmic trading 'They're just a bunch of cowboys, you know'. Treleaven shook his head. 'No', he said 'It is industrialization. It is like putting robots in car factories'". So, if that's all it is, why should we worry about the automation of human relationships?
The restaurant was nicely decorated, not too loud, music playing in the……WHO CARES! They could have served this meal to me on a paper plate with a beverage in a Red Solo Cup and I would have been just as thrilled! It was very clean though.
He served more than five years in a Yemeni prison for his role in the attack and was released in 2007. He briefly escaped prison in 2003 but later turned himself in to serve the rest of his sentence.
Pillow on bench: Anthropologie
8.cable: 16-core
Squeeze of lemon juice
Bernd Kolf / bass
Obama has always been pro-gay rights. His administration has members who are either gay or favor gay rights initiatives. After Obama’s pro-gay marriage statement, his Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, lent his support, but before being exposed and forced out from his position as DOE’s Director of the Safe and Drug Free Schools program, Kevin Jennings was the founder of the radical Gay, Lesbian, Straight Education Network.
it told me to join the party. so i am.
What I'd really like to do is email each and every one of you with a gushing, girlie, Emily Post-sanctioned note of heartfelt thanks. Every comment posted deserves at least that much. But if I did, that would be like six less hours I have in my day and I'm already just a wee bit taxed. Please understand. Also know that I have read every single comment more than once, as has my mother, who wants to invite you all over for Thanksgiving dinner and feed you pie.
I have this new found freedom two days a week where our eldest son is at Kindy. He's absolutely loving it and asks me each morning if he gets to go to school today.
We still grieve for those who lost so much. Like a few, I worry for the POWs and MIAs about whom uncomfortable, horrific questions daily come to mind.
Because I'm a rule follower and not a natural cook, I hate it when recipes say "to taste,"
"Good luck the lot of ye, whatever happens...remember the threat of the TESTICILIS!!"
Impact Zones, for those who don't know, are set up around New York City in high-crime areas and flooded with new NYPD recruits. They're a flashpoint for the controversial issue of 'stop, question and frisk.' Nick Juravich keeps a watch over the Impact Zone on Franklin Avenue, and here's what he saw the other day:
2. I'm ready to try unschooling, but my spouse isn't convinced. What do I do?
Sainsbury's is also doing the same deal on litre bottles of Bell's Whisky, Gordon's Gin and Smirnoff Red Label vodka.
Secondly, policy plans like the Department of Education's "Macro Indicator trends in schooling 2011" and "M&E report on the impact of Educational system on South African population" and Schooling 2025 need to be introduced to parents and community leaders as they could aid schools to overcome poor governance, low levels in maths, language, literacy and science. Thirdly, the department needs to revisit the technical high schools of the old education sys- tem where pupils matriculated with immediately applicable technical skills, such as boiler making, plumbing and welding.
“Please, just get here as quick as you can, just you ok?” Reilly hesitated, normally he would have pressed for more details, but something in Jacobs tone told him he wasn’t going to get any answers until they met face to face. Kissing his relaxing evening in front of the T.V goodbye he agreed.
And my defence a Shattered Mind
And Miguel Cabrera was playing his first game at third base since the 2008 season, making his move across the diamond to accommodate Fielder’s arrival. (And he did make an error)
The man-friend and I have discussed joining the Peace Corps. It tends to be somewhat of a joke – “Can’t find a job? Let’s join the Peace Corps!” “You have to be married to join the Peace Corps together? Gee, mom will be thrilled!” – but there is often more than a hint of reality in those jokes. We are people who like to do things, to help people, and to make a difference. I was in AmeriCorps for two years working with students from all walks of life – but mostly in poverty. He volunteers with unions and social movements and works for a non-profit.
England, of course, is MUCH cooler.
riveting
It’s hard to put a value on this type of improvement since the sellers aren’t really getting their money back,” he adds. “But ultimately the value we’re talking about with this type of improvement is getting a buyer to write an offer on your place sooner than later and not having your home on the market for months and having a series of price reductions, which end up killing the value.
A hundred years later and he still is. It’s not just the Martian weather that never changes. For good and bad, superheroes remain America’s favorite way of mythologizing itself.
*Note: As I write this, I am researching who is the real author of this quote. There are several claims that it was originally written by Marianne Williamson, but is erroneously been attributed to Nelson Mandela’s 1994 speech. Some of the links provided as proof are currently invalid, so the search continues.
And really, it would be very nice if people started realizing that the school-free community is a vast one, and one that encompasses a wide variety of people who don't send their kids to school for a wide variety of reasons. School free learners are Christians, Pagans, Jews, Atheists, Muslims, Hindus, and any other religion you can think of. They're conservatives, liberals, republicans, anarchists, supporters of the green party, and libertarians. There are a LOT of school-free people out there, and thus you find a lot of variety. Some of them I personally agree with, some not so much. Yes, I think I've probably come across more Christian homeschoolers than anything else, but there are enough home learners who are other than Christian that automatically assuming they are is not really a good idea!
Randall said she noticed a marked improvement after Couper took over the Madison Police Department in 1972.
Anyway, the depicted job isn’t great, but it meets the laughable standards required of students these days. I’m putting it here not so much to show how clever I’m getting as to mark a milestone of sorts: another piece of coursework that I don’t have to think about again; another faltering step on my long and meandering journey toward being useful.
But none ever asked her,
It is a fascinating little romp though...enjoy!
p.s. Blogger, I'm not convinced your new format is really that user friendly! While I like some of the features, the control panel and the ability to move back and forth between old and new posts is awkward. Curious to hear what other bloggers think.
My train track is a Martha Stewart fence punch and I cut the top off. I stamped my image and colored with Stampin-Up markers in the challenge colors.
Here is Obama's statement:
Think I'll ever hear that again...
“Oh, I’m sure we can handle it. I’m sure we can handle it,” said assistant manager Kristen Bowers. “We have a great crew here and we’re very, very energized about this. We’ll just move things around a little and there will be plenty of room, plenty of room.”
When I left, feeling a little relief from the pain killers, I bought him my very favourite muffin and hobbled back up, hoping he'd still be there.
Smallish, I say. But you know, for all that, it's still big enough to step inside and walk around without bumping your head.
Return of the Giant Hogweed (from Nursery Cryme)
We arrived, she took digital x-rays, discovering that the discomfort he was feeling was not because of a cavity, but because a new tooth was pushing down and the other tooth would be falling out within the next couple months (her estimation). He decided to just have it pulled now and skip two more months of annoyance. He powered through the 'pinch' of getting numbed... one in the gum area and one in the roof of the mouth. :( Then. He sat. For an Hour.
Ryan Williford
Chopped capsicum
There's something inherently interesting about an album that marks the demise of a band even as it comes out; Absence, the third album of Australian art-rockers Snowman, arrives on the heels of the band's breakup, and it's a fitting final statement for this very unique band. Previous Snowman albums have been dense and aggresive, creating wild, careening music from fragments of post-hardcore and metal debris. Absence is even weirder, achieving a ghostly, spectral beauty by stripping away many of the most obvious rock signifiers, leaving behind eerie electronic drones, trash-can rhythms, and ritualistic chanting. Words are seldom identifiable in the sea of processed, layered voices that drift through these songs; the lyrical content is not nearly as important as the sound, the rhythmic, repetitive chants which sometimes sound like choral rapture and sometimes like excerpts from some sinister pagan ritual. [buy]
When I was pregnant with little T and G was a year and a couple of months we were still really deep in the ‘hold me’s’. Like I was having significant problems accomplishing household chores, cleaning, cooking etc. So I decided I really wanted a sling/backpack thing to pop her on my back and go about my business. I hoped it would provide the closeness and comfort she craved while allowing my arms and front to be free. I started looking online and talked to J about it. He got involved and manned it all up beyond what I knew existed, and we ended up in REI spending a boat load of money on a stroller without wheels. I mean this thing is crazy. But I got talked into it because it wasn’t actually THAT much more expensive then the smaller more intimate versions I was looking at! Seriously these things are expensive! Plus J has a very bad back and this provided support so he could use it too and blahbity blah blah. I didn’t realize that what I saw in my head actually existed until after we’d already bought the stroller for my back. I used it once of course. I can’t wash dishes with that monstrosity on my strapped to me, and G was up, but not right next to me. It’s a really awesome one too, it would work wonderfully if we hiked or something. Which we don’t. Ever. See the problem? Not happy with this I keep looking and do find what I’d wanted, but they are just as expensive as everything else even though they’re a piece of cloth and some sashes, so I can’t justify spending more money on something that does what we technically already have. I’ve recently found one I really like, that’s about $30 cheaper than its counterparts and G has about 6 pounds before she’s over the weight limit. Doh! Besides, anywhere we go that requires walking we have a stroller (with wheels) and I probably wouldn’t want to wear her all through a fair or something. It was for home use mostly, and it’s no longer an issue. However, should I get knocked up again, and be able to bring the kid home, I’m buying that shit immediately. I have baby wearing PLANS.
And the transformation has continued. I took her for a walk today and she barely reacted to the other dogs. Amazing. So much for reward based training. Nothing works like the shock of a squirt bottle and the wisdom of grandparents. I have a feeling I might be seeing my future as it relates to child-rearing....
After two years she was able to get a lower cost alternative called omeprazole through her insurance. Even though the PBM could see that she got a prescription for omeprazole, the mail order pharmacy sent her another 90-day supply for Dexilant. She received $600 worth of she no longer takes that her employer has to pay for. This example of waste is commonplace in the mail order pharmacy system.
STIR IN bananas and yogurt
Step 5: Okay, you’ve got the perfect picture. Now it’s time to mix actual information and your imagination to make this baby sing. That’s why you got into this field in this first place, isn’t it? YOU ARE A CHAMPION DON’T FORGET THAT. Here’s an idea, for example: Present the player’s first name like it was ripped out of a magazine. Make the last name like it’s an old school computer label. It’ll be like if a serial killer made a card of a baseball player looking weird and silly! You can have that idea, for free. Actually … just send me like, five bucks. Three dollars. Three bucks would be fine.
Kaya for the filling
Thanks for saving me, Heather! Have fun at the auction!
None other than Her Majesty The Queen entered into the Jubilee spirit with gusto this morning as she donned a bright pink hat to attend a Mad Hatters tea party at Sherborne Abbey.
Thoughts: As of 11 May, regained back slight range of motion with slight inflammation still. Putting most of the stabilising and weight on the left leg. Confident walking upstairs but still having difficulty walking down slope or stairs. Walking gait still awkward/unnatural, not able to run/jog/walk at faster pace.
Item: Two once and future aspirants to be president of the United States — Newt Gingrich on the right and John Edwards on the left — sneak away from their cancer-wives to have secret affairs with younger women.
Five other suspects arrested in Eastbourne are still being questioned by police in relation to the fraud. They are North African and in their mid 20s. Two are from Hastings, two from London, the other from Eastbourne.
In response to media queries, Education Minister Heng Swee Kiat said it is important not to let “one or two incidents” tarnish the image of the teaching profession, because there are many good teachers around.
Instagram is the perfect app to edit your photos and post them. Not only can you edit and post photos, you can also “love” and comment on people who you follow’s photos. It’s a great social app to use.
BE CAREFUL NOT TO INCLUDE SPOILERS! (make sure that what you share doesn’t give too much away! You don’t want to ruin the book for others!)
What sends me dashing to the pharmacy? It is the lesser known beauty brands that I look for... They are not the brands that I was familiar with before coming to France but they have certainly become some of my favourites now... A certain hand cream, a body oil for summer, one type of cleanser... an oil for the bath... small things that have become part of my routines, that I have grown fond of and that I wouldn't want to be without...
The old life is dead.
What starts out with a wailing scream and ends with the sound of blood dripping from the heaven’s is one hell of a relentless album. If you have not heard this album, you owe it to yourself – listen to it.
61. Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel. If you persevere you can make great accomplishments.
Check out Weasel's recommended liner notes for each track in the comments ! Do it ! Here is the tracklist:
When we wheel her in to her low rent, scary nursing home and she looks at me with fear in her eyes and tells me she is scared, I will just pat her hand and whisper in her ear "I know, this place is for the birds".
I missed commenting in the moment about the brouhaha that erupted around her comments on "entitlement" in gentrification. But she brought an equal mix of common street sense and philosophical social concern to the conversation and for that I heart Rosie.
50′s/60′s – Tight fit, blue jeans, Tshirts, slim suites and pants
I'm pulling up my sleeves, pulling out my bible, stretching every creative
Step Brothers
Hope you like her. Thanks for stopping by, and thanks to my new followers for adding me to your busy dashboards :-).
Barefoot & Bliss Noteworthy
Me: "Why?"
Germans and Israelis are bound together in their identities by what the Germans did to the Jews between 1933 and 1945. The question of how they regard their historic responsibility for the Nazi period and particularly the Shoah, remains a central and continually developing theme in the definition of German identity. As the generation involved in the war has largely died, and even those who can even remember it as children are now over
Customer reviews of American Standard 4137.100.075 Culinaire Single-Control Kitchen Faucet with Pull Out Spray and Escutcheon Plate, Stainless Steel are available at the merchant’s site, check it by click on the link below.
On top of that, I just came back from going for my third run in a week! After not running at all for um... four years? Not counting one time that I went when the Emperor was like 8 months old and which I never did again. Running makes me really happy... it makes me feel all strong and powerful and capable. I am not at ALL a natural runner-- anyone who knows me knows that my body is built about the opposite of how you want your body to be if you're going to run. Which makes it all that much more satisfying when I do it and accomplish my goals.
University of Sunderland, SUNDERLAND SR2 3SD
There was a sixth, but it was cut off from view. The jokes seem like they came right out of an "offensive" joke book popular in the '80s. Especially the fifth one. Moustaches as a stereotypical gay thing went out with pink polo shirts, though they made be making a comeback (really not safe for work). A quick Google search confirms that these jokes have been bouncing around the internets for awhile. Numbers 3, 4, and 5 are almost always together in that order. Is it just me or is the premise of #5 just weird? According to the joke, gay men have substantially thicker dicks than the general population. Huh?
In 2005, there was only one active registered security company in the Northern Cape. By 2010, the number of such firms had grown to 91. The Free State and Limpopo followed with large increases of 259% and 161% respectively. Firms in the Free State grew from 71 to 255 while those in Limpopo increased from 376 to 981.
3) Texas Rangers (20-10) C. Lewis (3-1, 2.97) @ Baltimore Orioles (19-11) W-Y Chen (2-0, 2.76), 6:05 pm
They are both just too adorable and way too perfect for each other. Now, if only they’d realize it. ;)
The internal workings of the nasal passages are efficient and repulsive at the same time. Mucus combines with tiny hairs (at least they’re tiny until you reach your fifties, when they begin to grow luxuriant) to form a sticky surface that captures dust and dirt, keeping foreign matter out of the lungs. As air rushes over these coagulated particulates with every breath, they dry out and become what are technically known as “boogers”.
Where was I? Oh yeah, summer. A quick glance at the calendar tells me that we only have 18 school days left. WHOOHOOO!!! I love giving my alarm clock a vacation. As for a vacation for the rest of us, I'm really glad that we were able to go to Disney over the Mardi Gras break because with gas prices the way they are now, I don't expect us to be taking any kind of trip this summer. We were hoping to have an above ground pool installed, but it looks like that is being put on hold again for yet another year. Right now the wonderful therapists at Physical Therapy are getting our pool money. That's okay. Having a hubby who can walk is worth it!
Finally we get to the Dr. and she does her tests and we all knew what it was but we wouldn't get an answer that said for sure till Friday. So I asked her, "Is there anyway we could find out more today?" and she said she could look for a heart beat and do an ultrasound later today just so I could lose any false hope I had. So she gets her little radio wand out and we start searching to make sure there wasn't a heart beat. Awhile goes by and I start crying then Dr. gasps and we all hear a heart beat.
Of course they get to wipe the elves after a few charges.
Fatuous moon, in the worlds you mirror
Yes they know we watch for them
That's why I always park on the top floor of Smith's.
8pm: Make quick dinner
The bonus is that one of her sons is the long time founder/publisher of one of the most successful magazines going. He is who I will be dealing with and apparently, they’ve all (her family) been asking to meet me and asking for my telephone number, he even called and left me a message a couple of weeks ago. I never got it. Just shows that you cannot trust answering devices.
Anyway, congratulations to Linda on being chosen for this week's Featured Stamper! What a lovely and fun gallery! There were so many choices, but I finally settled on Linda's With Love to case. I kept her theme and layout, but changed colors and images, and added a pearl button at the top of my ribbon.
Sentenced to 10 years and 33 years for two counts of Aggravated Rape out of Bexar County. Bartee was on parole when he committed the offense of capital murder described here.
I say all this not so anyone will feel sorry for us, but because we recognize where one of the things that we really need as a couple is time to get away. Time to just be US and have focused time on being together and remembering all of the reasons we ever fell in love in the first place.
This position is open to a Junior or Senior design student interested in gaining real world experience working in an in-house marketing/graphics department.
She is strong. She holds back her tears for us and for the goodbye. Doubtless she has shed many and will shed many more. But today, she keeps her composure.
Yeah, I might skip that in the middle of the floor.
Heavy overnight rain in Edinburgh - a couple of days after temperatures in the capital were in the mid 70s - cast some doubt as to whether the game would go ahead but the Tynecastle pitch passed a 10.45am pitch inspection and battle commenced two hours later.
This time for my Dotee Doll, I made her to represent a Russian doll of sorts. Hope you like her.
We listened to a guy talk about weapons; he was pretty entertaining, talking about murdering people and how the bayonet they had back then was designed to kill you slowly after causing copious infection. Now, it’s been outlawed by the Geneva Convention.
......The Pampered Crafter Retreat!!!! This retreat is going to be a blast!!! I have TONS of prizes....cricut cartridges, paper packs, tools, organizational tools.....oy!!! There will be great little goodies....good food and let's not forget the great company....it's hard to meet people in Redding....this is a great way to meet ladies...come with a friend, come alone... we'll have you plugged in no time...call the store to sign up!!!
O Town Heights mashes-up text from Our Town, Wuthering Heights, and The Fountainhead. Poem by Dolly Lemke in book with letterpress covers designed by Jeff Peterson. $8
Nearing tears, Libby tells Hugo that everything she said she meant. They look in each other's eyes for a moment.
There are lessons to be learned from Revolution 2020 and it was a quick easy read, but I did put it away thinking, “Now that would make for a great Bollywood masala film!
the procedures and protocols
Worse still, there is a high tax on chocolate which must surely, at some time, create cross-border chocolate smuggling. When I was in Dublin, Galway etc in the 1990s, there was a fairly hefty black market trade in cigarettes because of the tax difference north and south of the Border.
