What I Talk About When I Talk About Running by Haruki Murakami -I’m long overdue in reading this highly touted memoir by novelist Murakami. He writes in a journal-like style with jotting down his thoughts on different dates and giving readers an inside look into how he thinks, why he runs, and how he became a novelist. It’s an interesting running book as it delves more into the day-by-day workings of a man’s mind rather than on a longer narrative. If you’re a runner or a writer, then you will like this little book.
After the enjoyable bus journey from chesterfield to Bakewell that took the best of 45 minuets i finally reached the thornbridge factors, a place that is kept well hidden even to locals unless you're actively searching out for it. Since i last visited very little seems to have changed which is good to see as its very different from its surrounding buildings both inside and out.
As a comparison, Jeffrey Archer, former Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party, and best-selling writer, succeeded in his libel claim against the Daily Star in 1987, but when it was suggested that he had asked one of his friends to go along with an “alibi” Archer was creating, he found himself in the dock at the Old Bailey in 2001, and after being convicted of perjury and attempting to pervert the course of justice, he was gaoled for four years.
To eat the flesh of the Son of Man is to absorb His entire way of being and living. The word ‘sarx’ (flesh) is also used to refer to human nature in general. To the physical, emotional and mental; the very act of willing, choosing, or resolving and exercise of that will are aspects of human existence.
To provide an outlet, NASA must find a way to take the most promising research to a technology readiness level (TRL) high enough to be picked up by industry for product development. Shin hopes Congress can be persuaded to provide new funding, but a report by the National Research Council (NRC) says NASA should cut back on the breadth of its aeronautics research to free up funds to return to X-plane flight demonstration.
Its opting for carbon towers seems to be a sensible decision as it might reduce its maintenance and base equipment needs. Besides, it is also eco- friendly and grants ease during relocation. However, they may be 25-40% more expensive than the conventional steel ones that are used. These towers have higher possibilities of being set in urban areas due to the demand being higher in these areas initially, owing to the awareness created about the same here. The present overcapacityin the towermarket is known to go down owing to the recent Supreme Court order and a few other existing companies shutting its operation owing to the poor tenacity level it has witnessed.
“What happened? Why are you so upset?”
AirTran Flight 15 departed Orlando International Airport Jan. 8 and was heading south about 400 feet off the ground when Capt. Jerry Egel was hit in the face by a bright green laser.
The one outing that I front-packed the babe... we went to Times Square to check out the lights briefly ::
Today spend some time looking within.
It is not you I love,
I’m guessing, i’ll be back at Starbucks next week to order my very own cheesecake.. Do you know any flavors you’d like to suggest?
Now that's what I like to call dedication.
- Creates consumer assistance offices to help consumers file complaints or appeal decisions from insurance companies; beginning in 2011, insurance companies can no longer make excessive rate hikes without justification and approval, and those doing so may be barred from participating in new health insurance exchanges
The solution to Internationalism is Nationalism. Nationalism is not hatred of others but love of one's own. The prerequisite of a national rebirth is full national economic control of everything produced in the country. This does not mean State control, which is but a stepping stone to internationalisation, but absolute popular control, with private ownership of everything backed by a legal system which ensures that no trans-nationals can own (or profit by control of) anything in the country. Holding on to ideological definitions created to divide us, is not an option. We need to call for full Nationalisation (aka National Distributism) now - and understand what that term really means.
Skeptics (such as yours truly) have been eagerly awaiting a report card on this initiative as it is the first real test case for a major brand implementing a massive transfer of marketing resources from traditional advertising to social media.
2 onions, chopped
"My dear, I would not pick that flower for you, but please allow me to explain the reasons further..."
24. Caffeine cuts your DHEA levels drastically. DHEA is known as the “vitality hormone” and “the anti-aging hormone”. This causes decreased energy, decreased immune function, decreased sex drive, and reduced ability to repair and rebuild tissue.
So it was finally time for our first big battle of 2012. And with the release of the John Carter movie, it was decided that we just had to have all the Green Tribesmen on the table. Unbeknownst to me, there had been a lot of Greenmen being painted recently. In fact so many showed up that I declared that there had to be some great leader on the scene. That's when Dan showed me his Green tribesman in the Hat and Suit. Well, obviously a great leader trained in the ways of the Earthmen and determined to lead his people to greatness and loot. The Hoo-din!
The Emmanuel Cancer Foundation, an organization dedicated to providing services to families who have children with cancer, will hold a fundraising golf tournament on Tuesday, Sept. 20, at the Woodlake Country Club in Lakewood.
The poem reads in part:
“The late Rabbi Albert Friedlander impressed upon me the importance of the biblical commandment “Love your neighbour as yourself.” I had always concentrated on the first part of that injunction, but Albert taught me that if you cannot love yourself, you cannot love other people either. He had grown up in Nazi Germany and as a child was bewildered and distressed by the vicious anti-Semitic propaganda that assailed him on all sides. One night, when he was almost eight years old, he deliberately lay awake and made a list of all his good qualities. He told himself firmly that he was not what the Nazi’s said; that he had talents and special gifts of heart and mind, which he enumerated to himself one by one. Finally he vowed that if he survived, he would use those qualities to build a better world. This was an extraordinary insight for a child in such circumstances. Albert was one of the kindest people I have ever met; he was almost pathologically gentle, and must have brought help and counsel to thousands. But he always said that he could have done no good at all unless he had learned, at that terrible moment of history to love himself.”
I am very excited to say that it is time to start a new challenge over at the Sisterhood. I am ready to Spring In2 Action and this is how I am going to do it.
If one creature in nature could be so reprisentative of a feeling ... surely this one seemed to fit.
Really for a Trader running business in 7 major regions of empire space they really aren’t allot in this hanger. Barely anything exciting there to look at.
Sweeping the monitors with a well-practiced eye, the nurse moved to stand at the bed side, “Hello, Detective Addison. It’s so nice to see you awake. We were going to put in a feeding tube today. Looks like I’ll be able to cancel that.”
Junctions are decisions. Sometimes you turn one way to take the long way round, sometimes the other. It’s up to you as an individual. When someone asks why did you go that way round? Because I wanted to….
Softening in salt
Me: Carissa has been invited to an 18th birthday party in May. Given it's an 18th, alcohol will probably be there. Now, Phil (25) and Sam 18) her adoptive brothers are going so I'm thinking Phil especially will keep an eye on Carissa. I've seen him before in similar situations. I think we should give her permission to have a couple of drinks to have in moderation and remove any deceitful temptation so to speak. I'll provide transport there and back so she knows I'll be seeing her afterwards. What do you reckon?
Right I better find out where my husband is....he broke down on the way home from work and last I heard the AA had just arrived!!
The Very Best of Soft Cell is an official compilation album by Soft Cell. The album was released on April 16, 2002 and was approved by the band; it includes most of the hit singles and also some b-sides, such as Insecure Me (in a newly edited version) and It's A Mug's Game. The song Numbers was also considerably shortened for this release, but it's AA side Barriers is missing. Two new songs, Somebody, Somewhere, Sometime and Divided Soul, and two brand new remixes of Tainted Love and Say Hello, Wave Goodbye were also included. The album reached #37 on the UK Top 40 chart.
Played a little bit with theme; juxtaposing Clipse lyrics with the easy synth and "black and blue" line, trying to create a little call-and-response effect from the female point of view. Not sure how well it works.
A few months ago I got tired of paying two bucks a piece for Gillette Sensor cartridge razors. I felt that Gillette was gouging me for an activity for which I had no real alternative. After a little research, I realized that men in the 1940′s and 50′s used a double-edged blade in a Safety Razor. One of the better known models was the Gillette Super Speed.
Raji Kelley Simpson
7And when there had been much discussion, Peter got up and said to them, My brothers, you have knowledge that some time back it was God’s pleasure that by my mouth the good news might be given to the Gentiles so that they might have faith.
I still wonder. I do not have the answer. The voices softly whisper into my mind: “don’t worry, you will know when it is time to know!” and my soul agree.
10) favorite scary movie or television show?
Guys love thinking about how they would do all the crazy stuff the main character did but better, even though we would probably scream like a little girl. A cool cover sells it for a guy. We are very shallow. If we do not know the series or author we will not pick up a book with a boring cover. If it has something that we don’t care for on the cover then we won’t try. So there you have it. Everything a guy looks for in a book. See you in two thursdays and
Basic only marginally helped me get a little better. I am an incredible klutz, on week 6 of basic I tore a ligament in my right ankle. Needless to say this didn’t help my already suffering physique. Tech school PT was a joke. I wasn’t the slowest person out there, therefore, I assumed I was doing fine. Then the real air force happened. No scheduled PT time meant I wasn’t going. Not going led to eating bad because, hey, I just got out of basic, I can afford it. Well… you can’t afford it for 2 years.
Ultimately, though, all economists make the same fundamental error of placing the cart before the horse. They tweak our society to fix the economy, when it should be the other way around.
Pros: Michelin recommended restaurant.
Of course all that matters is that it was done in the safest way and the outcome is what we wanted.
The story behind Ranbaxy’s new drug
- Zipper top closure
I love the end of the year! Why wait to be happy?!
she ducks and weaves
Even though Dorie was careful to design the recipe so that it would not be dessert for breakfast, my husband turned it around and had breakfast for his dessert. I baked these late in the day and when he came home from work they were cooling on the counter. Warm and fresh muffins make for a fine after-dinner treat!
their bad advice--
Mandy & Dustin
You look at me questioningly when I pull out of you and roll you on your side. I lay behind you, moving in close, pressing my body into yours and holding you in my arms. My hard cock nestles between your ass cheeks, and you push back into me, wanting more. Don't worry, you're going to get *plenty* more.
- Entry into the 'AGM'
Avoid cigarette smoking
graciously flew out of the nest---and then SPUNKY (my
And young Arthur Guinness has just taken out a 9,000-year lease on a dilapidated brewery (try to get one of those in Portland) at St. James Gate.
The virtual cows contentedly moo in the fields.
Also it’s rare, in picture books, to see flawed characters. Thought these ladies aren’t swearing and swigging vermouth, they are arguing and being competitive. But of course in Borscht they’re behaving that way for the best of reasons—to help make the soup that will save Ruthie’s grandmother from the terrible hospital food and speed her recovery. The fact that, as an illustrator, I had the opportunity to develop the neighbors’ characters visually was great fun. It turned out that Mrs. Lerman loves to gesture with her hand but, since she was holding the borscht spoon, she ended up slinging borscht and then almost smacking Mrs. Goldberg in the face with the spoon.
8:00 – CAVES, Polite Sleeper, Nerd Parade @ Death by Audio $tba
they can smell it in the street.
f). At this point, you should have one big long strip of fabric with one strip of velcro along the top and one along the bottom. Now, fold that strip of fabric "backwards" in half..so that the velcro strips meet at the top but are on the OUTSIDE. Line up so that the short edges meet up (might need to square them up with a rotary cutter) and sew a 1/4 inch seam...
I'm sure there are many more. Feel free to add some if you can remember them better than I can.
2005: .330/406/.606 with 6 homers
She leaves the café and Mi Roo chases after her. She tries to convince Tan Ya that she should go to America but Tan Ya just tells her again that she’ll take care of it and switches the subject. Mi Roo looks concerned but doesn’t know what to do.
These days, the habit has stuck with me. I still have $108 swirling in my head and I try to make it or save it each day. It helps that I live in a small space in Paris. I simply don't have the room to acquire too much stuff. I also opened my Letter of the Month business on Etsy, which allows me to do something I love to do (paint) and get paid for it. Plus, I don't have the pressures of group dinner dynamics at play. The Chads of the world can go f**k themselves.
Similarly, it’s worth noting that those looking for some dirt on Brooke Shields, Andy Dick, Oprah, etc., will be rewarded here. Griffin chronicles not just her recent fame, which puts her in close quarters with plenty of A-listers, but also her humble beginnings, nearly two decades of failed acting attempts, stand-up comedy and run-ins with at-the-time nobodies who would go on to fame and fortune (I’m looking at you, Jack “I use my bathmat as a towel” Black). She’s also had…relations, with a pretty interesting cast of characters (again, Jack Black). Some of the stories are old hat for those who watch Griffin’s stand-up specials, but plenty of them are new. If you’re looking for a slightly more highbrow (and slightly post-dated) TMZ, this is your book.
the more these things bother you, the more likely disagreements can come up.
End With The Easy Stuff
And it was.
Alias Boston Blackie (Suspense - 1942) ... TCM ... 6:45 AM
Even though a lot of people are mean in this world, just sometimes, someone is worth your time.
NO Signage
I think this holiday is best left to the professionals, tequila is not for wimps ! My spanish is abit rusty, but Im pretty sure Cinco de Mayo means “party for five days”!
I cut with the solid heart of Cheery Lynn a double heart so that I have a heart shaped card and made a easel card of it.
If you want to design one for me even better….LOL
Forgiveness is a gift to myself. It’s a gift of freedom, not to be enslaved to anger, hatred, and resentment.
Commentary alone clarifies secret because it knows how properly to stray, is familiar with the way of staying and wandering away in what is truly spoken, which is the only method of touching truth: with its own shadow. Commentator and mystic share an umbral identity. Each is located in the negativity of intimate otherness, in the non-reflective blackness of the text’s shadow where truth speaks without talking, in the freedom and self-abandonment of being it. “Gloss this if you wish,” writes Marguerite Porete, “or if you can. If you cannot, you are not of this kind; but if you are of this kind, it will be opened to you. You would already be profoundly annihilated if you had the means by which you could hear it, for
The tin "I"... for our eldest. In fact each member of our family is represented in our kitchen. The old zinc/tin "I".... you guessed it. Cardboard again. And not just any cardboard.... its from a pizza box. How apropos for a teenager!!
A new report from EAGnews.org titled “Anarchy 101: How Wisconsin’s Left Embraces Chaos” exposes who and what was behind the demonstrations and tactics used to block Gov. Scott Walker’s (R-WI) controversial labor reforms.
I quickly went over to this site to check if NCI University & Theological Seminary should be indeed considered a diploma mill:http://www.elearners.com/guide/online-colleges-universities-and-schools/diploma-mills/.
Eulex has become a symbol of incompetence, not of European values, and a costly veil that hides the shenanigans of the elite from the eyes of Kosovo’s citizens. The EU should audit and reform Eulex, replace its senior management and give this mission the guidance and political support it needs to perform its mandate.
Flying Monkey Brewing Company Arrowhead Red
* Yellow Fancy Polka Dot Ribbon
All in all, we had a great time and got to visit some beautiful places.
A family friend gave a boy my phone number. When he called, we spoke for over an hour and discovered that he conveniently lived across the street.
c. A meme of bacon made out of a cat
This post is third is a series using an apparatus I call Table Covering with Holes. The previous two posts are this one and this one. Taken together, they demonstrate how an apparatus can be expanded and the medium changed with minimal effort using common materials. The expansion and change in medium, however, expand the possibilities for play and exploration into novel directions. Some of those new directions are planned, but many emerge from the open-ended nature of the apparatus and the children's ingenious interface with the apparatus and the medium. What a joy to watch that whole process unfold.
Christ sent his spirit, all who are saved have received the spirit. So walk with caution when things come to you and offer proof of the spirit, or proof of God. Do not sit with these people, for if God’s spirit is already in you then what is it you are really searching for in this other place, and what is it they really offer? What meaningful truth can be found outside of Christ and The Spirit he sent to us?
BrewDog Abstrakt
operations we participate. Apart
At mile 24 I had another friend who was waiting for me with her big brown dog. She made a really funny sign that said something along the lines “Don’t stop running, the dog farted”. I enjoyed this laugh and better than that she gave me a beer. If I wasn’t going to get a good time I was at least going to enjoy the rest of my run. The Miller Light with the screw on caps, greatest invention ever. So I just ran with a beer in my hand. I got a few odd looks but I didn’t care at this point.
Above all else, remember the most important thing about Christmas isn't the food, it's spending time with family and friends. It is far better that you have a relatively stress-free day than it is that you serve a perfect dinner. If that means getting foods that have been pre-cooked for you and heating them up on the day or even taking the whole clan to a local restaurant for Christmas Dinner, then do it.
The document, entitled FM 3-39.40 Internment and Resettlement Operations (PDF) was originally released on a restricted basis to the DoD in February 2010, but has now been leaked online.
It had been hastily built by neighbor Elhamy Shaqer, who claimed his land extended right up to the barn wall and thus, by opening their windows, they were trespassing.
On Friday, the kids were laying on the ground outside observing a centipede, when lo and behold, a fat brown toad hopped over and gobbled him up right before their very eyes. Thank you "Mother Nature" for giving us that live food chain demonstration. Awesome. Usually, in circumstances such as these, we consult our handy dandy Handbook of Nature Study (Anna Botsford Comstock)but unfortunately, this time it was nearly devoid of anything about centipedes. Thomas has also found several inchworms and adopted them as pets.
And he dissected all of the elements that lead to a good running game, and then he noted that a team has to do more than just run the ball to win.
7. If both the failure-to-file penalty and the failure-to-pay penalty apply in any month, the 5 percent failure-to-file penalty is reduced by the failure-to-pay penalty. However, if you file your return more than 60 days after the due date or extended due date, the minimum penalty is the smaller of $135 or 100 percent of the unpaid tax.
Gevo issued a rebuttal statement regarding Butamax’s patent infringement complaint. “Gevo believes it does not infringe on the Butamax patent and will vigorously defend against the claims asserted in the complaint,” said Brett Lund, executive vice president and general counsel for Gevo. “Gevo’s Integrated Fermentation Technology is a fundamentally different approach than the one described in the Butamax patent.”
5. Southern Tier Mokah (11.2%) - what tastes like a blend of the Java and Choklat, perfect balance between coffee and chocolate make this a great cold weather beer. Delicious as a dessert (If you can't find Mokah, check out the Creme Brulee if you truly want dessert).
would grow up?
Back in January (yes I've been slack!) I went to our Doctor to have a chat about our kidlet plans, given my age (37), I wanted to get a full check done to make sure there wasn't anything major needing to be addressed before we started trying to start a family.
I haven’t felt ready to write a post wrapping up the trip until tonight, when I poured myself a glass of wine and sat down…and I felt ready. The trip was amazing. Most importantly, I think it gave Tommy and I the chance to really grow as a married couple and learn to work together better, be more patient, and understand each other’s way of communicating better. I cannot articulate very well the changes there, but I can feel them every day.
Nice top but I am not going to spend $3 on an empty basket because I already have tons of sewing baskets, boxes and tins. Usually when I find these sewing boxes at thrift shop they are empty. I hope the thrift shop employees are not tossing the contents but I fear that is what they do.
Mohd Yacoob said he was unhappy with the alleged demolition of his workshop, Mega Xtreme Motor, claiming that he had a licence to operate the facility located on his own land. “The demolition should not have taken place, and prior notice should have been given,” he told reporters.
The Brothers Grimm tale of Snow White is familiar enough, having been told and retold many times; most notably the 1937 animated Disney film “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”. The filmmakers know this and as such put there own spin on the material, but it seems like they play it a bit safe at times. ”Mirror Mirror” is most definitely an unoffensive family film, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, but there were a few times where I felt the movie could have benefited from a little more edge. The movie reminded me a lot of 2010′s “Tangled” which also put a new spin on another Brothers Grimm tale, “Rapunzel”, and I can’t help but wonder if “Mirror Mirror” as written would have played better as an animated film. It’s certainly cartoonish enough, and in a way that is part of it’s charm. But since the filmmakers did go with live-action I can’t help but wonder what kind of movie this might have been under the direction of someone like Terry Gilliam. Director Tarsem Singh delivers a candy bar confection of a movie where it might have been a molten brownie sundae in the hands of someone else. Still, I went to a lazy Saturday matinee and enjoyed myself, so maybe that was the kind of movie this was meant to be all along.
I'm so happy the cold is coming back.
Grace changes people from the inside out. Judgment or condemnation doesn’t change anyone. It only inflicts guilt and creates more trouble in the society.
My best college soccer season was when I had the most stress from drama (oh the joys of college drama!). The entire season I was in a really crappy mood and I took out all my aggression and frustration on the field. I focused all that negative energy on playing my hardest and ended up scoring 11 goals that season and making all-conference and all-region honors.
I am so thrilled and honored to be this week's Pals Paper Arts Celebrity Guest Artist! (I'm still blushing at the word "celebrity"!) This week it's a Color Challenge, and how perfectly perfect are these colors for a bright, fun Halloween card?
The exhibit also explores the crucial role Vuillard’s patrons, dealers and muses played in his life and art. His supporters, most of whom were Jewish, provided artistic inspiration and financial support and he painted them in their environments.
You see, the Boo Williams 17U annual all-star team is just one of the many teams that play in the Boo Williams Summer League program. Over the course of the last 20 years, the AAU system has become more important than the scholastic system when it comes to identifying elite talent. Boo Williams is a major player in the system.
Let me share my little story about this pink chair and how it's not only reminded me how to decorate, but also how to live.
The Jade Forest is a great introduction to Pandaria, it sets up the stage for the rest of Pandanaria, where you are dropped off in a foreign world where you, the player, go around helping the citizens being productive and then your drunk friends, the members of your faction, come in a mess everything else up. (I don’t want to write about the spoilers and plot advancements later)
Louisa Peacock is one of the few journalists to have picked up on the case. Her article says this:
The antecedent single-player adventitious is the capital block of the game, and it’s the best allotment of the game, as well. But there are added modes. There’s a two-player Mario adjoin Luigi approach that puts you up adjoin accession amateur in a abbreviate affiliated that wraps around. Big stars arise in the world, and you advance to aggregate added than the added guy. If you can hit your adversary with fireballs, jump on his head, and so on, he’ll bead stars. It’s a fun little diversion. Also, the bold has a blend of touch-screen minigames, just like the ones actuate in the DS accommodate of Air-conditioned Mario 64. Some of these amateur are OK, but for the a lot of part, they’re a little tired.
Please note as well the behavior exhibited here. It’s not only childish, but shows a great deal of immaturity on the part of “adults”, does it not? How could anyone who is mentally stable consider taking pride in this type of behavior? Can this be taken for anything other than the the behavior of some form of mental disturbance?
Email: paulaboermeester@comcast.net
Whilst at my mum's I ran into Laughing Yaffle. We had a chat about free motion sewing and baby blue sewing machine and I mentioned that the needle didn't lift high on the machine. So she kindly lent me this embroidery ring to try out, and I can report that it is perfect for the task.
sliced up the yellow squash and zucchini, tossed them with
Moderator Christina Walsh of the Institute for Justice said, “All of us at IJ are really excited about this film…How masterfully it depicts the horror and outrage of eminent domain abuse.” She noted that, unlike all but a handful of states, New York had yet to reform eminent domain laws.
TJVGK Blog (tjvgkblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
'The Benz' is going to be different to say the least, it's a pitch black mild come stout at 5.2%, a soft roast bitterness, low hop bitterness profile finished with an insane amount of dry hopping just to mess with your head.
- The Raptors are not a very good team either, and they are in for a long season as well. The second (third?) division of the NBA season is on. My final take on the game is that it could have been much worse, but there were a few positives and I think we are going in the right direction. The seats were cheap, but we had a good view of the whole court.
Anyway, I feel that sandwich shops have implemented this same unjust rule against the public, specifically regarding pickles.
The things of this earth didn’t matter. He was setting his “affection on things above, not on the things on the earth.” (Colossians 3:2) By doing that, it was only the things of the Lord that mattered. He was the only One he wanted to please. As the hymnwriter penned, “The things of earth will grow strangely dim.” They certainly did in Paul’s life “in the light of His glory and grace.”
As always, I think these constructions are not only misleading, possibly deliberately so, thus politically and existentially inauthentic, but also counterproductive to developing any realistic critique, an actively usable one, of American finance, economics, and government. A critique I remain unsure the Occupy movement even wants to develop. But I do.
We use a car with a ½ full tank as basis for our calculations. Please see the graphics below for the results.
Who grew to be a butterfly
I don’t have writer’s block. To the contrary, I’m very busy putting the final touches on my first book and beginning the personality profiles and research for my second book. However, we have a lot going on here at home. It’s spring, we are landscaping, cleaning, planting seeds, household repairs…you know, spring stuff. So I’m thinking about my blog and for some reason I started thinking about a short story I wrote a few years back. It’s the result of a writing contest I entered. The theme was ‘what would your pets tell you about their day if they could speak.’
Stress out of sight,
Parts Singing: Both classes began to learn the round "Rose Rose Rose Red" which
Fox
My charge to you this late evening is this: relish the feeling of being wanted whether it is from a dog, pet, or the curl of a little hand around your finger. It could be a mate or your child that likes the way you do things because your way is special. Relish it because that feeling makes you float.
Is TOTALLY unreal.
...but decided that, despite it being beautiful, a color that strong could mess with how your clothes and accessories look - sort of defeats the whole purpose of a dressing room if everything has a bluish cast to it. I went back and looked at my inspiration photos and decided that the rooms I loved the most were predominately white. I debated for a minute going the white route on all the walls but that just seemed so...boring.
‘Fiji has received enough negative press already – shouldn’t this be one for making up for lost ground.’
I just added extra width to the left of my canvas. The new screen will look like this with the white part the extra space. You can make this part "invisible" by clicking on the "tools" tab, selecting the magic wand tool, right click on the white background (it will turn blue) and hit delete.
There is a distinct pleasure from actually writing a personal Thank You note. It lets people know their efforts are appreciated. It shows gratitude and love. This time honored tradition is one of those fundamental values children today are growing up knowing nothing about. It makes me sad because they are missing out on a host of written communication and penmanship skills that are vital in life. Additionally, kids today are not learning the practice of giving thanks for all the blessings they have. This goes beyond presents or celebrations. Thank you notes convey a real appreciation for life and honor everyone who makes it better.
5) THE CHILLER – Googie Rene
McBride, like so many other villains of the apartheid era, can thank his lucky stars and the outrageous decisions of the farcical Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) that he did not end up spending a lifetime in prison. Instead, the man was granted amnesty for his crimes, and since then he has been treated like a champion warrior – a conqueror of oppression. Like so many other communist freedom-fighters in this country, he progressed to celebrity status and was rewarded for his heroic efforts.
Now I hear you asking what does the IKEA catalogue have to do with the MS designs.... not alot except for the lovely teatowels that were in one of the photos. This started me thinking that maybe I could stitch them onto a teatowel and as we were going up to IKEA anyway to have a look at some storage cabinets to put in the craft room, the timing was perfect!
Psalms:
i stand in a long line
Tue 25 @ Harpa - Reykjavík Concert Hall
At least the concept is intriguing: following the dream/nightmares of a man in the pre-dawn hours, presented in real time, and each of the songs is time-stamped. For roughly 42 minutes Roger muses over the same I-iv motif in 12/8 meter; sound effects and dialogue snippets abound, and if there’s a story in here, it’s not linear. He’s driving with his wife, they pick up a pair of hitchhikers and he attempts intercourse with one of them. His guilt is repaid by an attack by Arab terrorists who assault his wife, so he imagines himself away at Oktoberfest. He makes an attempt to save his marriage by moving out to the country, which soon goes awry. Then poof! He himself is a hitchhiker, eventually realizes that his problems aren’t that different from the rest of humanity, feels better, wakes up scared and is relieved to find his wife sleeping by his side.
‘From the clips that I’ve heard online, I heard George. That sounded like someone who was in dire need of help. It sounded like George.’
Stop on over to the blog and check out what the other Dt gals came up with....
I wanted not to be
5 min: Meireles curls the freekick over the wall but it’s easy pickings for Krul.
Hey, looky: Now it’s easy to subscribe to secondcousincurly.com. See that little button over on the right? Click it, sign up, and you’ll get a polite little message every time I put up new stuff.
“Now you know — what is the real work with the Kundalini, or more precisely — its start! Everything else — is still ahead. That is, you will need to unzip all the Kundalini, but you have it very big!” — Vladimir said, tracing its length. — “And then the same should be repeated by all the four segments!”
THE RAPTURE — LOST HIGHWAY. Robert Blake’s first, memorably unsettling appearance in LH sees him amble up to Bill Pullman at a party, dressed in black and with an air of Uncle Fester about him, and engage our hero in a strange conversation, during which the party music and background noise fade slowly to silence. Then he ambles off again and the normal sound resumes. In Michael Tolkin’s THE RAPTURE, Patrick Bauchau does exactly the same, only with different dialogue. His Uncle Festerishness is produced not by a close-shaved head and eyebrows, but by a priestly cowl, but his effect on the party atmos is identical. Everything that is said in the scene is quite different, but the general shape is the same. Of course, Lynch’s version is both scarier and funnier than Tolkin’s.
This was at exactly the time we all lost contact with that massive prick, The Prick.
It’s a book full of emotion, happiness, sadness and just plain joy. I think that Cathy has understandably captured all feeling into this book. She’s a remarkable woman, being able to express huge amounts of love to Alice but being balanced and honest about her future.
“Bildebok” is the Norwegian term for picture book. I rather like the way it makes me think of “Build A Bear Workshop” even though I have never bought any of their stuffed creatures for my children. Build a bear, build a book -seems welcoming and furry.
I was so interested, or nosy depending on how you look at it, in what Jamal was doing that I totally missed the fact that several other men had backed two of the Metro buses out of the way clearing our path straight through the roadblock nearly in the center of the compound.
-Pace myself when filling cupcakes liners - be careful not to overflow!
1 greyhound
Watching her go, Schuyler started, then stopped–shaking her head.
So, first of all, each real estate deal goes through five stages of its life: due diligence, negotiation, pre-closing, closing and post-closing activities. Simple, isn’t it? But where do paralegals fit? Everywhere…Yes, I know, a paralegal is not involved in the negotiation process. However, who is drafting schedules to contracts most of the time? Who does revisions and prepares riders? You betcha – most of the time, it is you, the paralegal. So, you can’t bring the purchase price down because the property looks like a row of dilapidated shacks after a tornado when a seller insists that he is selling a modern shopping mall, but you can assist your attorney who, in this case, represents a buyer in preparing the contract that is in the best interest of your client, a buyer.
EastEnders: Jo Joyner (Tanya Jessop) - WINNER
My sister passed away 2 years ago, and Ginger died when she was 30, from an asthma attack. She left her husband and 2 young sons here with us. I am lately often melancholy about my lost loves.
Joie
This winter the weather in Seattle has been mild to say the least. By this time last year we had already had a number of days in the negatives plus measurable snow fall, maybe even a few snow days at school...but here we get an inch on the ground and its called the "Snow-apocalypse" (*snowpocalypse please refer to #2) Seattle is good at freaking out and over reacting to snow!! Oh my god its sticking, what do we do???
Gave him a transplant for a brand new start
Today I'm using it on this beautiful snowy stamp. It's Christmas in July, and right now I wouldn't mind a bit of the white stuff to cool down the summer heat!
Even if some of them have taken the long way ‘round via The Lord Nelson, the Opera House, raucous taxi rides and giggling treks down unfamiliar paths with a paper bag full of beer, glasses and discount vouchers.
One of the major benefits on Revelation 2-3 is the insight that it provides us into what Jesus looks for in a church. That’s valuable because we can easily get carried away with our critical ideas of what we want in a church, while forgetting to focus most heavily on what Jesus focused on.
I only realized this when doing a background check. I found I don’t live in my house, but all of them claim my address. Isn’t that nice? “Wow,” I said. Why don’t they just pay my mortgage then?After stealing everything my mother owned, they had the audacity to tell her it was her fault. Now I try to make her comfortable, but she wants to be independent. The problem is, she doesnt have the ability to be independent and I don’t have the heart to tell her.
If I could change one thing about myself: I’d be larger
As he grew older, he spoke frankly of aging.
Convert to Symbol window.
For they will receive it in full.
And here is another great Tim Tebow quotation: “If you’re married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife, I love her, the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and have the opportunity? And that’s how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ. It is the most important thing in my life, so every opportunity I have to tell Him I love Him, or I’m given an opportunity to shout Him out on national TV, I’m going to take that opportunity.”
Polar Express ... Disney XD ... 5 PM
Because Valentine´s Day is in a few days here and love is all around us, You can grab my love kit
Siddiqui MK, Saxena MC. Placenta and milk as excretory routes of lipophilic pesticides in women. Hum Toxicol 1985 1995; 4: 249-254.
Right Guard Body Wash (same +UPR as the Dial (LIMIT 1)) is producing (2) $2 +UPR instead of 1. This might not last.
Position: Manager, Institutional Giving
I wonder tho if he'd bring his cat....erm...we definitely have to talk about specifics...definitely.
14.- Case Closed - Produced by Domingo
a chasm in your heart
If you have any questions, just let either me or Caitlin know!
20- Traccia II 2.49
That you told her that you loved her but you don't.
A SAT2 virus strain was recently reported in cattle in Bahrain’s quarantine center, FAO reported.
Oh to be a newlywed.
The grandson thought about it for a minute and then asked his grandfather, “Which wolf wins?”
_____Yes I got your friend request. I didn't see the "Whatever" button and "Confirm" didn't sound right (friend request quote status)
Mr. Thatcher pulled his four fellow crew members from the wreckage of plane No. 7, which had come to rest in waist-deep water. He spent the night bandaging the other men, all of whom had suffered cuts, gashes and other minor injuries. He later was awarded the Silver Star for gallantry in the line of duty.
South Africa's economic situation is moving from bad to worse as the downward spiral continues even the tax income is dwindling. In the meantime the Regime is trying to present a variety of excuses for the shortfall, while it is clear that the whole country is headed for a crash.
playing in the freezer snow,
The district headquarters is based in Leh. Leh district consists of Leh town and 112 inhabited villages and one un-inhabited village. The total population of Leh district is 1.17 lacs. It is the second least populated district of Jammu and Kashmir, after Kargil.
All we can ask is that the Adur Councillors read this report and spend a little time dwelling on it’s contents, and then perhaps reflect that our report and has already raised these issues. This report just gives added credibility to our report and as such the issues we have highlighted should be given serious consideration and weight in deciding the application.
jeweled brooch (Macy's)
The weather being what it is we haven’t ventured very far to be honest – we did a little shopping to stock our fridge and then we tidied up a little – and after that I had a little crafty time while the littlies played. So out came my Humphrey’s Corner Crafting Collection Cd-Rom from Crafter’s Companion along with a little imagination, and away I went into my own little world… hehehe.
We had been chatting in our car park all this time, and went back into the house so that I could get her the voucher. This was where the fun began. I brought the voucher out to Amanda and had to take my glasses off to read it. The problem is that my age has now caught up with me, and I need two pairs of spectacles – one for shortsightedness and one for longsightedness. I told Amanda so and said that I was over 50 and could no longer see as well. She, bless her, said she could not believe it, and asked me where my wrinkles were.
If Segway wants to corner the American market, they should not charge $6,000.00 (which is the price of a small car, for fuck's sake) for something that does not have a seat, and will not keep the rain off of you. If they want to succeed, Segway should study the Personal Scooter and "Power Chair" market, which is booming in America.
Of course, the mistake is eventually, and too soon, discovered. Tim and the target woman, Linda, is forced to run and evade the killer.
And if the economy is important to the Welsh Government, then more could, and should be done to help businesses take full advantage of exporting opportunities. In fact, Welsh firms still only account for 2.6 per cent of all UK exporters despite a growth in the value of exports since 1999, which suggests considerable potential within the Welsh business community for further overseas expansion if only the right support and advice was available.
pointing straight,
What next? Well, if you’re anything like the companies who landed in my spam box, you just start sending immediately, full throttle. However, this probably isn’t the best tactic when you are dealing with readers who haven’t actively chosen to be a part of your readership yet. Before you start sending to these new readers, check and make sure that they actually want to be on your list.
Business people experiment all the time. They usually don’t know what people will value any more than you or I. They are following their hunches, observing and trying things to find something people value.
blondie- you are the biggest back pedaling person i have ever ran across in my day. you enjoy feeding on people but as soon as they find out you are talking about them, you decide to play nice again. it is sickening and strange.
The smaller banner parts to the left and right of the big one are made the same, just smaller, and I added two circles on which I placed a heart from the dark red designer's paper.
1. Don’t put chocolate milk in your pants.
I enjoyed this book as much as I found it annoying. The woman had no guts or any real special skill or purpose in this book except to become pregnant. She got in the way more often than not, and she in real life probably would have gotten her team killed. I understand that men were more piggish in their masculinity back in the 70′s (and before that) and that is why I am not going to call this book sexist (even though by today’s definition that is exactly what it is). It was written in a different time by a man who grew up in the relatively early 1900′s. His ideals reflect his age, and that makes his work ever the more important to read, know, understand, and appreciate. The word “ghoul” is something you just don’t hear anymore. Nobody uses that word, and yet Romero uses it in almost every page. I couldn’t help myself, I just found it amusing that it was used at all.
The Archibald Prize is an annual prize for portraiture in Australia.
how the dynamics
He told me when he was first hired that the store carries body lotions and candles and all the things I like - and he pointed out that the owner always has the best quality items he can buy for the store, but somehow I didn't believe it.
Later still in the middle of the 4th century the central core was substantially altered, the corridor being split in two mid-way along its length by the construction of an elaborate triclinium or dining room, apsidal in shape, and featuring a stunning mosaic floor. By this time, the zenith of the villa’s history, the building, now at the heart of a large farming estate, boasted three heated rooms, a kitchen, a basement ‘deep-room’, a house-church, a verandah’d main entrance, two further rooms in the south wing, the dining room and audience chamber for entertaining and an extensive bath suite comprising an apodyterium (changing room), a frigidarium (cold room), a tepidarium (warm room), a caldarium (hot room) with hot plunge bath, and a laconicum (hot dry room). Heat for the bath suite came from the praefurnium, or furnace, with its own fuel store. Surrounding the main villa complex were outbuildings: a large granary, kitchen block, possibly a tannery, an outbuilding to the south of unknown purpose and, to the west, a shrine and mausoleum.
It shall guarantee the rights of all workers to self-organization, collective bargaining and negotiations, and peaceful concerted activities, including the right to strike in accordance with law. They shall be entitled to security of tenure, humane conditions of work, and a living wage. They shall also participate in policy and decision-making processes affecting their rights and benefits as may be provided by law.
That was my FABPOW OpenIt PunkCake for the night. I'd love to hear what other people will be indulging in on this magnificent night of nights: Shrove Tuesday.
If someone asks me 3 random things that I want to avoid at all cost, that would be;
engulfed in crisis between
While some think Friday the 13th is unusual, it’s really not. Our Gregorian calendar repeats every 400 years, and in each cycle, the 13th of a month falls on Friday slightly more than on any other day — 688 times. The least frequent days are Thursday and Saturday at 684 times in 400 years.
BAAAAM! BAAAAM!
For here no emperor has won, save He.
Recently a friend had to stage an intervention to get me to throw away a pair of shoes that I had worn so long that they had been reduced to flip flops. (They started out as patent leather mary-jane flats.)
America loves an enemy- deploy all its forces against it. We started becoming fat so fat became the enemy. But we replaced the fat with sugars and carbohydrates and we became the most obese country in the world.
I've slowly been weaning meat out of my meals (I've actually abstained from it entirely for over a month now) - it's just something that's working for me, but it has absolutely not been easy, since it has meant cooking all my own meals, since obviously I cannot force my family into making this change with me (hello more reasons for my own apartment!).
c. Social currency:
Or is it because we’ve made snap decisions in the past and they haven’t turned out so well. And as a result, we’ve decided to take our time in the next important decision so it doesn’t kick us in the butt!
50. Canoe down a river
I am going to link to one shortly, but I'll explain first. He probably barely even knows he's doing it.
“I have the new album!” Wendy chimed excitedly, not registering the sarcasm in Carmen’s voice, “you want to come over and listen to it Carmen?” There was an urgency in her voice and an eagerness in her eyes that made Carmen choke back an initial, crass response.
Designer: Angie Hagist
When my kids were younger, we used to pack picnics often for day trips to parks, museums or the zoo.
I wanted to use a couple of the new BG colors so that was my starting spot. I used bg0000, bg01, bg11, bg53, bg70, bg72, bg75 & bg78 from the Blue-green family. And yr000, r000, r00, r20, and r21 from the red and orange family. Lastly I used e41, e51, e33, e0000, e00, e01 and e37 from the earth tones and a little bit of w3 and c3 & 4 from the gray family.
The arrival of commuter rail later this year is one of they key components of Provo’s downtown revitalization. However, what goes in around the train station will likely be as significant as the train itself.
Beena Sarwar spoke with Alam for Latitude News when he visited New York for the exhibition’s launch.
But that was three years ago when he first moved in after being appointed as the Chief Minister.
IICD is a non-profit foundation that specialises in information and communication technology (ICT) as a tool for development. IICD is active in Africa and Latin America where we bring about technical and social innovations that create and enhance development opportunities in education, governance, livelihoods, health and the environment.
With the river on my right, I head downstream. The Lymington River here winds its way along a wide flood plain; consequently the ground underfoot – luxuriant with grasses, sedges, creeping buttercup and water mint – is wet and boggy and I soon sink up to my ankles in mud. The river’s edge is indistinct, grass and water merging fuzzily. Occasional splashes and ripples indicates the presence of fish. Two beautiful dark bay horses with white stars are grazing, splashing through the river up to their hocks (though they don’t look like hippopotami). I try to get closer for a stroke, but soon find myself on a peninsula-like sliver of dry(ish) ground surrounded by shallow water. I could retrace my steps, but, well, the water’s only ankle deep and it’s only a metre or so before I can be back on dry(er) land.
My personal view of this drink...Well I think most cocktail experts would say that this drink should be stirred, not built or shaken, whether served on the rocks or up in a cocktail glass. That said, I prefer it on the rocks because you get to enjoy the evolving flavors as the ice melts, and the drink stays ice cold.
Late yesterday afternoon we begrudgingly packed up our bags and bid a sad farewell to Las Vegas. Before we arrived, I wasn't sure it would be our thing. When it comes to vacations, we're beach people. Gambling and partying until all hours of the night? Not so much. But we knew Las Vegas had more to offer - shows, food(!!), shopping, sites - so we took a chance. Less than 24 hours into the trip, we knew we'd made a good decision; the trip was a blast! Even those 105 degree days weren't nearly as scary as I anticipated. So, it was not easy to jump on that plane and head home but unfortunately, it had to be done. I even got some work done on the flight. We finally pulled into our driveway around 1 am last night and crashed.
“The dress becomes both a design element and representative of an era,” she said. “It’s about that period when we all wore dresses –– the 1950s. It’s very metaphorical for me. One, that we all got dressed up, we stood and got our photograph taken. Everything looked just fine. But what was going on; what were the dynamics?”
That's clever, because boy readers can identify with him and girl readers lust after him and he is still one of them yet with a wealth of experience and a long history behind him, which makes him as cool as he is hot.
Well, she was given the link to read the English version to my “confession of feelings”. She told me I was crazy to not be okay in those emotions. They are pure and without conditions. That, the love I write about is what so many people are looking for and can’t be in reaching distance of.
Well. It's been a long time since I have had the chance to defend my position Biblically. It was quite refreshing; it's something I've missed since leaving Bible College. It challenges me to re-think my position, to make sure I am taking the Bible in context, and then, to explain it properly. I hope I didn’t step on two many toes, but I won’t apologize for what I believe.
"Profit was boosted considerably by the sale of the free trade business. However, this also contributed to a reduction in turnover, as the Company no longer wholesales third party products to free trade accounts. The sale of the free trade business has enabled us to fully focus on and invest in our brewing and pubs business whilst making our beer brands more widely available through Heineken UK’s comprehensive distribution network.
On Sunday, we went to church and then went to my parent's house for the afternoon. Josh sold his motorcycle (so sad), and we also bought a crib the same day! So that's the "Baby-Step" we took this weekend. =) We now have a car seat, stroller, a few stuffed animals, and a disassembled crib. We are so set for this baby!
Every single day since years I’m getting up at the crack of dawn, but starting this week I am free, I can do whatever I want, whenever I want (for 6.5 hours per day). I’m still getting up at the same time though, but I don’t mind. Oh, life is good.
sip all the sweet flavor
That there is a vast amount of undiscovered talent out there is a delusion. If you have genuine ability, persist; the real odds are less fearsome than they might at first appear.
Is it Spring yet? Let's see … daffs are about to open, crocuses and snowdrops are in bloom, snow's gone - all good signs.
“Draw near to God and He will draw near to you” (James 4:8).
Newark, CA 94560
Please visit the following designers’ blogs to see what fabulous JustRite Christmas inspiration they have for you on the hop today:
Through a series of so-called ‘pseudo-operations’, in which forces of one power disguise themselves as enemy forces, or where certain acts of terrorism are blamed on someone else, America’s dubious relationship with Libya was largely obscured. Gaddafi never posed a threat to the West. In fact he helped to stop terrorists who were actively targeting Americans in the U.S. and abroad, while simultaneously providing assistance to U.S. and other allied intelligence services, whenever covert operations were required in other parts of the world.
Excellent concert once again from GOGOL BORDELLO! The 2nd time in Stockholm within 6 months and it´s great
Obadiah wiped his hands on his shirt a few times to compose himself before he opened the door which gave way without the usual clatter. He paused in the doorway, uncertainly and had a look around. Mr Shamus O’Neewl was sitting in his usual spot, smoking his pipe and reading, Obadiah could have sworn, the same newspaper he’d seen him read on the very first day he’d arrived in Waysconin. Revd Bilkin was staring morosely at the bottom of his whiskey glass and Mrs Maple was cleaning a scratched glass with a crumpled dish cloth.
The Shinshu plant was opened in 1985. Its main brand of single malt is called "Komagatake" ("pony mountain"). If that name rings a bell, "Kai-komagatake" is the name of the mountain which the Suntory distillery Hakushu draws its water from. However, their are loads of pony mountains across Japan, and the "Komagatake" referred to here is a different peak in the Kiso mountains. Prior to 1985, Hombo's whisky operations had been at Kagoshima on the Southern Island of Kyushu, where it had originally begun its whisky line in 1953. The company is still selling a "Satsuma" single malt from that distillery. Incidentally, Hombo have their own version of the Masataka Taketsuru creation myth stressing the role of Kiichiro Iwai (岩井喜一郎), who had a role in sending Masataka to Scotland and received his report when he returned. Iwai helped set up Hombo's whisky operation, which was originally based at the Kagoshima distillery which, although its single malts are still on the market, now produces only shochu.
his housemates deposit,
After I brought Party Time back down to earth, just when it looked like he were gonna stick his dick down that bastard's throat, in walks Fat Sandra, daughter of UncleDudley's on/off toothless hoor woman, Izzy Hoyland, with this dangerous looking Eastern European fella, who, on further inspection by me later, as the evening wore on, - I noticed - was sporting the wee sparrow tattoo on the flappy bit between his thumb and his forefinger.
It was an exciting evening, with lovely surprises, chance meetings, and a fortuitous planetary alignment - just another miraculous night in what could easily be another episode in the series Only In New York or Sidewalk University, but for me, more appropriately called Come Back For Jupiter :)
- Matt Garza’s arbitration hearing is set for Friday which is really soon for a reason. The Cubs want to get the amount settled fast so they have the option to deal him because no team right now is interested in acquiring Garza. The reason is simple; they do not know the amount he will make next season. The Cubs submitted the bid of $7.95M while Garza asked for a whopping $12.5M. In a way you kind of hope they go to the hearing because I see it no way possible that Garza will be awarded a 7 million dollar bonus from last year to this year.
First, I went out and bought a bottle of my current favorite alcoholic drink--just so I can call it a party. I limited it to a bottle coz I know I might end up drinking too much if I see what I needed to give away later.
Cranberry Wit
In my opinion, book trailers and how effective they are for selling books depends on both the reader and the trailer. (I’ll explain this later on.)
Now think of when your child disobeys, when they lie to you or get hurt or in trouble because they didn't listen to you. How does that make you feel? Sad? Frustrated? Disappointed? Mad? You wish your child would have just listened to you, understood that you know best, and only wanted to protect them from harm or hardship.... Right about this point, right before I start to get angry - that thought pops into my head. "I bet this is how God feels about me when I don't listen, when I disobey, when I SIN." Oh Man. *Totally Guilty!* Then I remember God's great love for me, his mercy and forgiveness. And I am humbled.
Accessories: crochet trim ribbon, pearls
If you choose to make it, feel free to sub in your own items where you see fit because the other beautiful thing about being an Off The Reservation Home Cook is that you can do whatever the fuck you want in your own kitchen because Michelin rarely barges into residential kitchens on Wednesday nights to write up abominable home cooks.
When the coroner examined the body, he found a red mark, the shape of a man’s thumb, on the right side of her neck, and several marks on the left side of her neck, the size of a man’s finger, indicating she had been strangled and her body dumped into the river. Crommelin, after reading the accounts in the newspapers of the body found in the Hudson River, traveled to Hoboken and identified the body as that of Mary Rogers.
Meanwhile, Africa’s peoples are outstripping their resources, and causing catastrophic ecological degradation. By 2050, the population of Ethiopia will be 177,000,000: The equivalent of France, Germany and Benelux today, but located on the parched and increasingly protein-free wastelands of the Great Rift Valley.
On Wednesday I read
Be it a sign of brilliance or something else, Ethan undoubtedly rocks like a superstar on his piano, and his fan base is quickly accruing.
So here were are (finally) with the next installment as the Brothers Valle continue their trend of changing the approach to songwriting and recording and continued to make ingenious decisions regarding their musicians and production choices. This album features the band O Terço as part of the backing band, which unfortunately for Brazilians of a certain age will be associated with wanky overblown progressive rock from the mid-70s. But in their early days they were much more psychedelic, and I make no apologies for my own soft spot for early 70s prog. And on this album O Terço sounds more like the earliest O Terço than O Terço actually did by 1972 -- the dreamy, acoustic haze from when Jorge Amiden was in the band (see the 'Karma' album also posted here). Also in the musician credits are stalwarts like Robertinho on the drums and Paulo Guimarães on flute
The weather in Oklahoma is turning colder and it is almost November, which can only mean one thing - it's time to start thinking about my winter knitting. My list of to-be-knit before January patterns is growing slowly and I'm happy to report I think my obsession with knitting socks may taking a break for now......so without further adieu my knitting to do-list
taylor comes over and up they go.
* Overtaking the lead car under grip conditions automatically forfeits that pass.
1 cup chunky peanut butter
“One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion, non?” Simone whispered urgently to Sartre.
The Point Ephemère alongside the Canal Saint Martin is celebrating its 5th birthday this month, but the birthday party is this Friday night. If you have never been before, this is the moment to check out this unusual and unusually well-situated venue which operates as a bar, restaurant, concert hall, night-club and rehearsal space. If you have been before, now is the time to go again. If you go regularly, you won’t need reminding!
Genre : Action
I love people
Today the Baker's Dozen are previewing so many lovely sweet little stamps for creating sweet baby cards and invitations:
I marvel at creation.
Full Moon is, of course, a time that magical people of all traditions gather to honor the Goddess, or reflect on the universal energy or offer respect to local Gods and Goddesses.
There are about as many problems with The Grudge 2 as there were with The Grudge. First and foremost, the entire plot is absurd: why would Karen’s mother wait two full years to send her other daughter to Japan? Because the last time they talked they got into a fight is not a good enough reason. When Karen’s mother tells Aubrey about what happened, why does she act like it was a recent development when, again, it happened two years prior? Also, the fact that the only thing that ties the two plots together is the cursed house is idiotic. It feels like the writer just threw in the Aubrey/Karen subplot to tie it to the first movie. The entire plot is inconsequential and pointless because it never goes anywhere; it felt stagnant throughout, and much too similar to the first movie.
What are the tennis balls for? The most common reason is that it makes for a smoother walk and lessens the clanking and scraping as the back legs scrape along on the floor after the rubber caps on the back legs come off. And, we know that those rubber caps do wear out quickly from a well used walker.
Enjoy this look into our little Maggie
The title of the poem is Inevitabilities...how appropriate, all these years later. We both had a wonderful trip down memory lane. For me, it is another kindred spirit discovered through blogging. What a great way to start the new year. My sister would say 'it is a sign', perhaps it is. I have spent the afternoon searching out and reading those journals...reading myself at 17...37 years later. It has been quite an adventure.
The students did go into the visitors’ gallery for the public part of the meeting. Stultifying. Very disheartening to have to sit thru other approved delegations and related queries about moved boundary lines and online payment options, when the clock is ticking on a reputation of a dedicated servant of the education system.
Our challenge for you is to make a card for Mom or that special lady in your life. Mother's Day is right around the corner here and I thought it would be fun to get a head start on Mother's Day cards.
I had a go at making a tab card, also using the new frame it cutting die., coloured with copics and teamed up with some my minds eye papers, flourish with a bling leave and I did a bit of distressing as well.
by Greg Linster
In another instance, a company owned by a senior official in the Department of Education won a tender worth R30-million through a subsidiary in which he held shares. The auditor-general found the official had sought to deceive the department by only declaring his interest in the holding company and not in the subsidiary.
I picked up a copy of Tiger Woods 2011 for under $20. Frustrated with the fact that I still haven’t opened all of the courses on Tiger Woods 08 I decided not to wait for Christmas morning and opened my new Tiger Woods 2011 as soon as I received it. Actually, I tried to beat Daly and a few other seemingly impossible Tiger 08 Challenges one more time then I opened it. And right after I got through the whole initial set up, you know, where you spend 3 hours making your avatar (and I still can’t settle on a hairstyle,) I began having connection issues.
Normally, when I post an Envy and Jealousy number, it’s about somebody who’s written something I wish I had. Today’s offering is a little different. It’s something I suspect many of you would have liked to have tossed in a comment here. It’s from somebody in Big Ten country who read Matt Hayes’ piece on Urban Meyer and became (as you’re about to see) quite incensed.
“Please sir,” the woman began again after coming to a stop and almost dropping her small child, “the Chinese have overrun those routes, we only barely avoided being captured after abandoning our car and running into the woods. Please my children are hungry and tired, and we are citizens in good standing with the government with my husband and their father fighting in Texas.”
When an adopted teen wrestles with the who or why of their adoption, adolescence can turn into an emotionally super-charged time of life. Even though their struggles surround issues unique to their adoption, the right approach by the adoptive parents can make all the difference. They can help the child deal with his questions appropriately, or send him off the deep end of frustration.
I could go into why these two things are connected. but do I need to? can you not see the unions fighting for and voting on job security like tenure.
As I pondered the extensive list of past LIM challenges I knew that whatever three challenges I chose, they must work with the quote I wanted to use. Last week Our Daily Bread Designs released its 4th Anniversary collection of scripture, quotes and sentiments. As a member fo the ODBD challenge team I got the opportunity to contribute to this collection. My contribution was the beautiful quote from Robert Frost's poem "The Road Not Taken", which can be found in Quote Collection 1. I absolutely love the way Kelley, the owner of ODBD, designed the stamp and the font that she used. For my card I wanted to just let the quote take center stage and shine. So, the three LIM challenges I chose are: Week 15 - embossing; Week 49 - predominately purple and Week 55 - die cuts. The image was stamped on white cardstock using dark purple ink and die cut using a Spellbinders plain rectangle die. The largest die from the same set (I think large plain rectangles) was then used to emboss a frame on to the front of the purple card base. I chose to use a purple card base because I felt it would allow the sentiment to stand out even more than on a white card base. So... instead of lots of white space, I have lots of purple space...hee!! The sentiment panel was then adhered using foam dimensionals. Super clean and super simple!!
Obama administration officials have confirmed that they believe torture was committed by American interrogators. The president has not ruled out a criminal inquiry, but has signalled he is reluctant to do so for political reasons.
Black has been fashionable for eons, particularly in New York, where it is the color of choice for the downtown hipster. It is not uncommon to see individuals who dress entirely in black, head to toe. Black is cool, and when in doubt, black is safe. Given that thinking, what is safer than to dress entirely in black?
:: This video is kind of long, and probably only Chris and I really find it funny, but well, I hope it makes you smile. She is singing 'Here Comes Peter Cottontail'.
It has a online app story perhaps the biggest issue it has is the limited number connected with applications accessible. If you examine it to your number of software Apple’s Ipad gives, they only get a fraction of the.
Either ways, since the title is very ambiguous and vague, let me give you a briefing about the things that will (or at least should be) covered by this post. It’s like the abstract that you see before reading a publication, or the back of a story that gives you the plot, or .. that’s enough examples I say.
A few weeks ago we did have some snow, although January was far too disappointing in that aspect. :o)
The Navy describes the new look as ”not meant for a tactical environment”, which mean’s not only is it hideous, it’s also not even camouflage. It has no function, other than to look like a turquoise abortion.
The half sour pickle was a delight, coming across all innocent cucumber at first, and then killing you with garlic. And the cole slaw was so good, I wonder where to find the vial of happy drops they are surely adding.
Memory: Sony memory Stick memory card (32 MB of internal memory)
And that's why I decided to make a point of celebrating when the smaller goals are met. Finishing rewrites was a pretty big one, but there were all sorts of goals in-between, too. I celebrated when I got ahead of my set schedule. I celebrated if I was having a particularly tough day but I managed to write something anyway. I celebrated when I managed to pull off a tricky scene, when I nailed down an elusive plot point, or when I finally wrote out a moment that's been in my head for months. These celebrations typically just involved me, a rented movie, and some sushi, but it allowed me to take some time just to feel happy about what I'd accomplished.
Lunch I had cracked pepper turkey, two eggs, cherry yogurt and a pickle.
Since the second quarter of 2010 it has gone from 19.6% of the overall market to 37%, a linear growth of about 2.5% per quarter.
Out of nowhere
Buy Bugaboo Cameleon Stroller – Dark Grey Base – Bright Blue Fleece Today
“Maybe. But clarification is good sometimes.” She paused, looking at him, looking into his eyes. He turned away, frustrated with the situation as he knew where this conversation usually was heading to.
But in everything you do
Fast forward three days to the Dubai airport, waiting to board the next flight on our honeymoon itinerary. I had just finished reading Water for Elephants, which I had chosen for the trip after it had sat on my bookshelf for four years, untouched and accumulating an embarassing amount of dust. I wanted another book and after the cliffhanger at the end of New Moon (don’t pretend that you don’t know what I’m talking about), my cells were craving Twilight. I scored the first volume at an airport bookstore. I was hooked. So intense was my need for each subsequent volume that I picked one up in every African country that we visited, in one case requesting my new husband (Mr. Zegna) and our guide indulge me in a long detour to find a bookstore near Mt. Kilimanjaro, nearly causing us to miss our next flight. I thought that only tweens and small-minded people were susceptible to this madness. How, I wondered, did this happen to me? And why did I all of a sudden feel that I had to quit my job IMMEDIATELY?
What do you think apple is gonna do about this, do you even think they might care, and there have been Siri rip-offs in cydia for a while so consider that. Tell us all this in the comments below.
Morning peeps.. yep I'm still in the land of the living just about... been proper poorly these past few weeks which is why I've been MIA.... but I'm here today to share with you my 1st posting as part of the new Quixotic Paperie DT.
She carries a vintage style lantern to light her way.
Dickens must be balanced by something contemporary, so I thought Beauty Queens by Libba Bray, which has been recommended to me by several people.
It just so happened that I had coloured a 'Lili of the Valley' Fairy last week (this image came in a pack of images with a magazine a while ago). This was then taken out of my coloured image folder & used on a card...
The list of remedies goes on and on. All are latin names, so they are fairly unfamiliar and hard to pronounce – but there are easy cross references to help you match the symptom specifics to the right remedy. Best of all, the single remedies cost $6.99
While their influence in developed economies like the U.S. and Western Europe is well known, Hedge Fund activities in the developing world, especially in Africa have steadily increased under the radar. The report cited case studies from six African countries – Ethiopia, Tanzania, Sudan, Sierra Leone, Mali, and Mozambique where these companies have expanded land holdings, from just a few thousand acres a few years ago to millions of acres of farmland. Large-scale land acquisitions for commercial purposes in Africa are not new. Colonel Qadhafi bought and leased hundreds of thousands of acres of land in Mali, while the South Koreans leased huge concessions in Madagascar. The Saudi’s, the Emirates, and the Chinese are all in on the land deals. However, Hedge Funds and their subsidiaries are acquiring land at an unprecedented scale. In 2009 alone, they bought or leased nearly 60 million acres of land across Africa, an area roughly the size of Texas. According to the World Bank, land deals across the continent covered about 110 million acres in 2009, growing tenfold from the previous year.
So when scientists say that the universe is fine-tuned for life, they don’t mean “designed”; rather they mean that small deviations from the actual values of the fundamental constants and quantities of nature would render the universe life-prohibiting or, alternatively, that the range of life-permitting values is incomprehensibly narrow in comparison with the range of assumable values. Dawkins himself, citing the work of the Astronomer Royal Sir Martin Rees, acknowledges that the universe does exhibit this extraordinary fine-tuning.
"Well, I suppose in the end it was a romantic way to perish, for a mouse."
We find in the volume "Toward Improved Ductility and Toughness" (1971, also often quoted on this site) this significant quote concerning the variance of ductility transition temperature with accumulating neutron exposure (for you nuclear types, this is included under 'Increase in Charpy-V 5.2kgm/sq. cm transition temperature as compared to neutron exposure at 288C (neutrons over 1 MeV): "Metallurgical factors may contribute to the observed variance, but variation in composition of residual elements appears to be the dominant cause of the large observed variation in the sensitivity of steels to irradiation embrittlement."
Here is what my craft table looks like. I have not even cleaned it this week.
Materials used: Kaisercraft patterned papers, Ranger's disstress ink, Prima flowers and birdcage.
“I’m a great believer in luck, and find the harder I work, the more I have of it.” Thomas Jefferson
You bet Jurassic, there's no stoppin' the dinosaurs from hoppin'! Get hip to the prehistoric jive of this month's Big Enchilada featuring giant reptilian rock 'n' roll. Shake your dinosaur bones to The Hickoids, J.C. Satan, Persian Claws, The Terrorists, The Mighties and Bedrockin' New Mexico bands like The Blood-Drained Cows, The Dirty Novels and -- from the tar pits of time, Jimmy Gilmer & The Fireballs.
then slipstream a silver current
This was the longest run of Tim's life - and it happened to be on a trail. I could absolutely not be any prouder of him. I have to admit, I'm pretty loved up now. Smitten. Here are some reasons you can tell you're in love on a trail run:
Purdue was good in that they taught us how to build systems, how to write the code, how to support the hardware, how to do the network, etc, etc. It was a very well rounded education and in your last year or so you picked your direction and went with it. I picked Systems Administration, and this was before learning how to use Windows was a matter of course. (I was the last year who had to learn COBOL for the programming language.) But they did give us a pretty good rundown of how to run projects and how to build things. Being logic-minded this came very natural to me and I’ve used it pretty extensively over the 14 years since.
I’m having severe pain from plantar fasciitis and a subsequent cortisone shot in my heel. Since I can hardly walk, I’m stuck in bed or on the couch feeling lame. To make the best of it, I set up my computer in the living room and pillows to prop my leg up, and then I used my awkward positioning to help me stretch throughout the day. Injuries can be a real setback when you’re trying to lose weight because your physical activity is limited. But movement of any kind is better than no movement at all, and stretching is the easiest way to maintain mobility. It also just feels good.
- Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence. ~ Eric Fromm
I’m a simple guy. I drive a simple car and lead a rather simple life. I’ve never traveled internationally, and don’t even have a passport. I often feel like I was born 150 years too late, seeing that I’m not a fan of modern society and am usually baffled by technology. The fact that I can even maintain a blog is a mystery to myself and those closest to me; yet, I’m grateful for the blessing to live now during this time.
Here’s Bad Romance with 2 coats and Scandalous with three. Now I’m satisfied with the coverage on both. I suppose both are very similar in concept, purple hexagonal and micro glitter in a sheer black base. But perhaps due to the sheerer base shade, Revlon Scandalous’ shiny purple glitter is more obvious than Deborah Lippmann Bad Romance’s.
*I’m not afraid!
Childhood can’t last forever, whether it’s your own – or your children’s. My oldest daughter’s friends have all started driving now and everyone is talking about college.
- Students have one week to complete the assignments.
* "The world turns with Korea as its axis.”
That was very thoughtful of you.
Only weak, pathetic little bullies need to try to restrict women’s sexual choices in order to feel like “real men”, but truly real men (the kind without scare quotes) aren’t threatened by sexually aware women; they are secure enough in their masculinity to recognize women have the right to control our own bodies and to decide whom we want to bestow our favors upon and for what reason. In short, only insecure sissies want to suppress women’s right to sexual self-determination; real men support the right of women to make our own sexual choices, including the decision to engage in sex work if we are so inclined.
Right, I'd better go. School is closed today and there's an ominous silence in the house which is never a good thing. More soon. x
Currently at Clumber Park CC site and the weather is lovely
Accordingly, I have become that woman yelling shrilly at her family "what's wrong with you people WE RECYCLE get that milk carton out of the trash!!!! Have you no shame? Be a good steward of the earth!!!"
Hello and welcome back, are you getting used to us being weekly yet?
Poetry Judges: Elizabeth Alexander (Panel Chair), Thomas Sayers Ellis,
1 x (11)Gardenia Original Classic Jumbo = 3.40
It could be the hand that guides you from the rain,
The Housatonic Paper Trail will be launched as part of Pittsfield's 3rd Thursday. The official kick-off, which is open to the public, will be held at the Lichtenstein Center for the Arts from 5 to 7 p.m. The Center will host a group show of contemporary regional artists who work on or with paper; clips from "Paper Town," a new documentary film by Judith Monachina and Erica Spizz about the paper mills of Lee, Mass.; and an animated video by Alice, Anna and John Myers.
Now that you’ve gotten a tiny taste of what Neos is all about, maybe you will give me a shout out on the social pages, leave a comment on this page or drop me a line or two. I really do love hearing from people who read the blog or use our exquisite handmade products.
- 4 tablespoons of maple syrup
“I asked her what there was to think about and she said she wasn’t sure if I knew what love was. Then she said that even if I did know what love was, she wasn’t sure if I was capable of loving her the way she wanted to be loved.”
DL: Josh Chapman, Alabama
Wow what a crazy few weeks is has been-this is the first day of the Easter holidays for me and I am so happy - and exhausted!
With a lack of great bargains on the big lout boxes my perusal of the smaller beer unit packages at half price went beyond trying the relatively new Bud 4%, and into the old school charm of Holsten Pils. Holsten is a beer I haven’t drank for years. I remember it being quite heavily advertised on TV when I was a child by the likes of American actor Jeff Goldblum, who succeeded in giving the impression of a rather sophisticated drink for the discerning beer swiller. I think these were replaced by a more humorous campaign involving the clever editing of old movies interspersed with scenes of a contemporary comedian. It’s all on you tube here if you fancy a bit of nostalgia.
I was not going to share it with him. I paid and left Adorama.
Does this mean that we should never portray weak heroines?
Month three. Same thing
Now should I be trying to impress other mothers? Making all these cutesy little bags and stuff? Because to be honest, my kids bring home all their little baggies and I cut off the top, dump the contents into our big candy bowl and toss all the rest. I don't sit and look at all the stuff and say "Oh that is crafty" and "How cute it that". Because me? I am not impressed. And my kids? Could care less, they just want the candy anyway! And I don't have time to compete with all the other mothers who have time during their day to do that!
4 factorization
I guess that's it. Sleeping would make a whole lot of sense right now. We leave the house in 5 and a half hours. My parents will be both less than thrilled and less than surprised when they see this and realize how late I stayed up when I needed to get up super early. Ah, the joys of being inefficient.
Yesterday, we found out that my dearest lola Juana passed away around 4:30 PM. I got a phone call from my dad. It seems like it’s the first time I heard him sobbed. Yeah, I see him cry even in littlest things, when watching shows that reunite families or whatever, I always see him teary-eyed. But this time it was different, really different.
After the beginning of the year, I was working on my third women's fiction book. About that time a literary agent contacted me about wanting to read my work. *cue hysteria* We had a few exchanges while I worked, because at that point nothing was agent-worthy, as life went on and time passed. Now here I am months later, a significantly different person after significant life changes who hasn't touched her third novel in too long.
Needless to say, no matter how bad my insomnia is I'm never taking those pills again! They really brought my mood down too. After feeling so good the day before, I felt really low and defeated.
Get off the couch! I cannot stress this enough. Just get some exercise and you’ll not only feel better, have more energy, but you’ll be taking steps to protect your heart. If you like to see actual numbers of your activity, consider investing in a simple pedometer. Aim for 10,000 steps a day! If you’re feeling you want more, consider new devices out there today like Jawbone’s UP (returning to the market soon), FitBit, Nike’s FuelBand, and Striiv to name a few. These great devices sync to a cloud profile where you can track your progress over the months, as well as compete with friends.
* Business cards - People were interested in our frames, but needed to measure or think about color. I won't be surprised if we don't' sell a few more in the upcoming weeks.
After this film night, things were put very much into perspective…and i support SmashEDO.
Pointing my finger to my temple to think, think, think, while holding one piece of pink and one of white ribbon in my other hand, it suddenly hit me: I could just as well try and thread my needle with two ribbons at the same time. It worked like a charm: as if I had a ribbon that was white on one side and pink on the other.
Despite racking up the Twitter followers, Dimps has managed to keep a proper followed-by-to-following ratio, at about 63,000 to 5,500. So how can you get a follow back from Dimps as she makes her way to 80K?
Well, it seems as though I have had another blog posting DUH! I have been numbering these posts and have been one off. So, instead of renumbering each of them I will just fix it from here on out. So, words of wisdom #6 again.
With this topic come a lot of cries about how it’s murder. Honestly, that depends on when you think “life” occurs. Personally I don’t see how life can possibly exist without implantation. Even many implantations end in what is medically referred to as a chemical abortion. (For this reason I am not against things like the Plan B pill.)
But I am trying to pull myself up and get on with it.
Of course, it varies depending on the business you’re in, but you can count on the chatter being both positive and negative, just like offline conversations about you. The difference is, you can join in on these conversations and possibly influence them.
When I contacted them for a reply, Dagsavisen at first wanted to interview me. I said no. One does not reward a newspaper for writing crap about oneself by giving them an interview in return. Anders Behring Breivik’s defense lawyer Geir Lippestad earlier singled out the dissident writer Hans Rustad and me as morally “responsible” for ABB’s mass murder of 77 people. The newspapers VG and Dagbladet in particular went a long way towards legitimizing this claim. VG still had the nerve to ask me for an interview immediately afterwards. I told them to get stuffed.
Spurning the said and done.
Jennifer lives in Trinita d’Agultu with her charming and handsome Sardinian husband, Marcello. She writes about her life, so different from everything she knew in her native Canada. You should take a look. Her blog is called La Mia Vita Sarda…My Sardinian Life. As well as great travel tips she has an excellent insight into life in a small village.
As we turn our lives over to Yahushua and trust in Him, the Holy Spirit then comes to dwell in us and we become the house that God built to hold His Spirit.
Without Soros’ money, would the Saul Alinsky’s Chicago machine still be rolling? Would SEIU, ACORN, and La Raza still be pursuing their nefarious activities? Would Big Money and lobbyists still be corrupting government? Would our college campuses still be retirement homes for 1960s radicals?
Commence subscribing to mega yacht publications. Yachting magazines along with print media will be the oldest and most established means of owners and brokers to sell superyachts and mega yachts purchasable. Any additional elite or exclusive the magazine, the more effective ads for yachts you’ll acquire placed between your pages.
This may seem a bit off topic, but it is about safety and I get too much email asking about this to ignore it.
As we sift the truth of these allegations, let’s not allow this uproar to obscure that larger message of the possibility of change. Greg’s books may or may not have been fictionalized, but there’s nothing imaginary about the way some of his American donors and Afghan villagers were able to put aside their differences and prejudices and cooperate to build schools — and a better world."
Ready. Set. GO!
Because your Ken and Barbie, Ward and June version of Pleasantville parenthood means your kids can stay out of the military and not have to work ball-busting jobs or any jobs at all so they can pose with pretty, ponytailed cheerleaders and ride air conditioned campaign buses to support their scumbag father's every failed campaign because he's so creepily corporate and about as popular and appealing as AIDS in Provincetown.
Mim is a top position now Sarika. Latest Sarika unseen new pics and photo shoot gallery on South-Asian Celebrities Photos.
THAT friend comes in all shapes and sizes, but there are always a couple of unifying features that transcend whatever woman you’re with.
Brahma appears to be the father of astronomy in India (besides being our common ancestor) and his Pitamaha Siddhantam or Brahma Siddhantam appears to be the oldest text on Indian Astronomy. A Brahma Yuga took but 5 years and was only concerned with the alignment of the Sun and the Moon.
10. Oceans
This is the front cover of the folder--the sentiment is from PTI's "Take Note" set ringed with nestability cut-outs and the yellow was embossed with a CB folder. The folder ties closed with a matching ribbon.
I remember growing up, we'd always spend our Christmas Eve at home in NJ. This involved us sitting around the dining table having a huge Christmas feast that mom prepared single-handedly and then going to midnight services at our church where at least one of our family sang in the choir at any given time. As children, we'd wake up incredibly early, sometimes sneaking into see what was in our stockings, sometimes being super sneaky and untaping our gifts before we went to wake up our parents, who insisted that waking them up before 8am was verboten.
Megan Carter (Sally Field) is the journalist who’s suckered by an investigator into running a fake story – what we hacks would call a “plant” – about a mob boss’s straight-arrow son, Michael Gallagher (Paul Newman), being the suspect in an investigation into the disappearance of a labour union leader.
Up the chocolate content and add chocolate chips.
They dance around the lotto bong, has given the dance around the golden calf in Sinai a modern day parallel.
Pin the first strip with right sides facing to your stitching (I prefer to start with the pieces attached to the left and right sides, but you may prefer to start with the top and bottom sections first), and stitch a normal seam allowance (alternatively you may prefer to just a quilters 1/4" seam).
At least 2 years experience in ABAP Workflow
and Alex Wrekk’s Stolen Sharpie Revolution. Last updated: June 2007.
There has been a concerted effort to dismantle all standards of right and wrong and beauty and truth. If ever truthiness was put into sticks and bricks, this house is it. When you rebel against standard things, sooner or later you run out of ways to be original, and all that is left is to do the exact opposite of good. It's the only permutation of new that's left to you after a while. The American house is becoming that perfect distillation of bad ideas. Everything exactly at cross-purposes with its stated purpose.
I have always tried to keep the tone of this blog upbeat, so forgive me for deviating from the normal atmosphere. There is, there must be, a silver lining in this cloud. I must simply go out and find it.
In May 2009 she dropped another $3,325,000, according to property records, to pick up a down-on-its-heels contemporary residence next door, since razed and replaced with terraced gardens and a small, gated parking pad.
Resist.
Highly Recommended!
Remember that episode of Seinfeld when Jerry says that only 5 percent of the population is date-able? Elaine asks, "Then how are the other 95 percent getting together?" Jerry's response? "Alcohol."
The longer-term future of South Africa remains unsure. It may be the case that we are witnessing the birth of a New South African, an Anglophone creature who will be a dominant regional and global force. On the other hand, South Africa may fail in the same way that Zimbabwe has failed. In the first instance Afrikaners will be assimilated and will disappear, and in the second case Afrikaners will go under with South Africa. In both cases they will be on the losing side of history. But this story must still be written.
Financial turmoil in Europe is no longer a problem of small, peripheral economies like Greece. What’s under way right now is a full-scale market run on the much larger economies of Spain and Italy. At this point countries in crisis account for about a third of the euro area’s G.D.P., so the common European currency itself is under existential threat. Most Americans don’t spend a lot of time thinking about the financial condition of Europe.
Patience is a virtue every warrior must master and have in his arsenal. Patience is power, patience will bring good things, patience gives strength to the warrior.
How do you let your boss or teachers know that you’re sick? How did they react? Have people been jerks to you? Was it totally awkward? Do you have any success stories?
And that's what I say to you tonight friends: hello bitches. While poetry and beer are mainly effeminate crafts these days the power and majesty of each will not be lost on its critics or contemporaries. While Bukowski was a not very good poet he was certainly a great one because of what he did to the craft: destroyed it by opening it to every idiot who wants to write, drink and be a scalawag in the process. Well allow this idiot a few words about beer, specifically this one: a macro ale amalgamation with a tipped over hopbucket. Pale as piss and on par with an astringent that neither knocks back your appetite or quells your thirst. Yuengling makes a few mid-grade winners but this isn't one of them. Drinkable but not very thirst quenching.
Police searching Mfisa’s bakkie discovered her police identification, a police-issue gun, apolice-issue torch, an orange emergency light and two-way hand radios in the vehicle. http://www.politicsweb.co.za/politicsweb/view/politicsweb/en/page72308?oid=177721&sn=Marketingweb%20detail
New Hampshireis the only state to host the formal conclusion of a foreign war. In 1905, the treaty ending the Russo-Japanese War was signed inPortsmouth.
Eugene Peterson in “The Message” captures this attitude when talking about Abraham’s faith: “When everything was hopeless, Abraham believed anyway, deciding to live not on the basis of what he saw he couldn’t do but on what God said he would do.” (Romans 4:18) The Message
So of course mere hours after my last post, TH received the following:
Her own father said to Oprah’s massive audience that his daughter is “not mentally complete” and could Oprah get her evaluated and yet there she is with 12 children – each and every one dependent on someone who is “not mentally complete”.
Effect is a cause-on-effect of the meta-entangled Psychiquazim butterflies
When they reached their destination, she asked, “How much do I owe you?”
And the next morning you know what photo was on the front of the local paper?
I saw Michele speak at a local church and her testimony brought me to tears. She was honest about the trials of adoption but also in how she continued to seek the Lord as they took this journey. Her story is beautiful.
Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead
“Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and there was no longer any sea. I saw the Holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride beautifully dressed for her husband. And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, “Now the dwelling of God is with men, and he will live with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God. He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.” (Revelation 21:1-4)
All I really need to do is “write my bites” and watch my portions.
Dream keeper hidden and revealed, show me my destiny.
I spent a lot of time drooling over the nursery she's designing for the impending arrival of her twin babies! She hasn't revealed it all on her blog yet, so you'll have to wait. We arrived at BelAir, a cute storefront tucked away in a trendy area on Greenville, expecting everything to be out of our price range. And while there were some beyond my budget, I was thrilled to find a few things that could actually come home with me!
Getting The Look became a game to us, something we'd do to jolly up our day or give it a little taste of adventure. On a whim we'd whip into a chemists and ask for needles, both of us watching eagerly to see whether or not we'd receive The Look. It was something akin to buying a scratch card or chucking a dime in a one-armed bandit, that mystical thing which could dictate if we'd have a lucky day or not:
8b. Hearing: Increased or decreased hearing. I once thought I would have to pull off the road because of the painfully amplified sound of my tires on the freeway. Other symptoms are hearing white noise in the head, beeps, tones, music or electronic patterns. Some hear water rushing, bees buzzing, whooshing, roaring or ringing. Others have what is called audio dyslexia– you can’t always make out what people are saying, as if you can no longer translate your own language.
The sharp-eyed amongst you might have already noticed what I noticed ...
Disclaimer – The specific origins of each of these games in unknown and I am not claiming to have invented them. The list was compiled by myself, my friends, other homeschooling moms and traditional teachers.
1. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
I hope this made sense to you. I know this tutorial is long, and if you are reading this, than I thank you for reading the whole thing! If I over explained things, it was because I tried to make it easy even if you know very little about sewing. I would love to know if you tried to make this, and if you enjoyed my tutorial!
My son is here.
Please mention number #34 when emailing me about buying, as I have some similar ones
Though the ending wasn’t good at all…
Mother
A closer view of this cutie (reminds me of my daughter when she was young in her lil' footie jammies)--the egg she's holding and the ribbon are coated with diamond glaze and stickles on the flowers, wings and her headband. All of those other soft sparkles were done with my Smooch Vanilla Spritz--love that stuff I tell ya! Now make sure and hop over to the Magnolia-licious Highlites blog to join in on the fun!!
04 - Lady Luck 04:36
What Day I'm On: 15 out of 40 (37% of the way)
The WEF, however, acknowledges that, in response to the nuclear disaster at Fukushima, “the Japanese government has already responded to the concerns of civil society by committing to reduce dependency on nuclear power and promising to find alternatives to non-renewable sources. However, these transition objectives are not without costs.”
Nicole Nussbaum
"But Mrs. Thermadopolos, you're Jonny's Mum, and EVERYONE IS LOOKING."
1 tablespoon jalapeno pepper seeded and minced
Yes, it is sponsored by American Express.
For those that attend we will not be popping tomatoes all night, cakes are a must at Cafe Church!
photo walks are a great way to train yourself to slow down and notice details – lighting, lines, shapes, textures and really anything that catches your eye. it’s a wonderful way to learn to appreciate the little things…which is great training for life, too, yes?
And perhaps, had it not been for Walter Wolfgang, I may not have noticed. Wolfgang, in case you had forgotten, was the pensioner who was held under the Terrorism Act for daring to heckle then Foreign Secretary Jack Straw at the Labour Party conference in 2005 over the Iraq war.
This has been my life for the past 3 weeks now. It all started when were decided we wanted to add some additional storage in our kitchen where the fridge was. So, DH moved the fridge over to the side of the kitchen that didn't have any cabinets on it. And we bought some wall cabinets and built up a sweet little corner unit complete with a large panty cabinet for food storage. In doing so, the switch for the disposal needed to be moved. In removing that box from the wall it was discovered that it was a false wall. The original plaster wall had 2x4 firring strips over it and they drywall. We also discovered water damage on one of the drain pipes coming from the upstairs bathroom. After that it was a domino effect of poor building practices, rusting plumbing, leaking pipes, and ancient electrical. So, we ended up having to tear out over half of the kitchen down to the original studs. And we had to replace all the plumbing in the upstairs bathroom, so that's torn up now as well. And my tiny half bath that was in the kitchen is being moved and replaced with one large enough for anyone to fit in.
Musa’s secrecy surrounding his activities as the Head of Yayasan Sabah means that all his denials and protestations of innocence have to be taken on trust. Whereas we have piles of documentation that support the allegations of massive graft and timber corruption that were being investigated by the MACC and the ICAC in 2008 before intervention by the Attorney General closed down these enquiries and prevented further action.
Recommended To: Fans of Lost, Dollhouse, Cloverfield
Did you notice the embossed scallops? I used the new Adorning Accents Embossing Folder to emboss a divider between the sentiment and the design.
This production by Willy Deckers (revival direction by Francois de Carpentries) strips the work of overt references to small town life, englishness and the sea, the intention being to focus on the extraordinary psychological power of the work and make the crowd versus individual theme more abstract and universal. The stark chiaroscuro of the set seems rooted in the dense atmosphere of the score and though this production veers perhaps a little close to Regie tropes for comfort (enormous diagonally painted panels), supported by the superb lighting it works very well at what it tries to achieve. Choreography of crowd scenes is often very impressive and as a concept the whole thing is well thought out and executed.
At what point, or volume, or context does a private conversation now become other people's business? Am I alone in thinking that we would struggle to define such limits and that we really ought not need to?
Increase the heat to high, bring the sauce to a boil and cook 5 minutes and reduce the
AND neglect this blog site~~~
So I grabbed a trash bag and headed up to my office. Spent the next few hours cleaning, dusting and reorganizing my desk and office space. I'm one of those people who hate, hate, hate housework but I absolutely must have a clean desk. Clean being a relative term - it doesn't have to spotless. But I do need to be able to work.
Dimps says she acts “maybe 21,” and her tastes have evolved since she used to ballroom dance at the Palladium concert hall.
This was the biggest scandal ever to hit the royal family of England. Bigger than the Prince and Princess of Wale’s divorce. This was bigger than “Squidgy-gate,” or even the infamous “I want to be your tampon,” recording between Prince Charles and the former Camilla Parker-Bowles. Heck it was even bigger than Princess Margaret and her ill-fated love for Group Captain Peter Townsend, her love affair with the gardener, and her divorce from Lord Snowden.
5. Open Windows: Thanks to the large shade trees in our front and back yard, we can still invite a nice breeze into our home even as temperatures rise.
Apart from providing skilled support for the issues with the above, Remote Assistance Support can be availed to provide strong computer security through removal services through Antivirus Support for Virus spyware and common and latest emerging worms or other malicious programs. Remote access support also helps in providing required security for online frauds. Through remote support one can also avail security and data backup for important documents and data.
Tgerber - 4
World War II jump started tons and tons of technological research and development, for both the Axis and the Allies. It's also known that the Axis powers performed some truly horrific human experimentation. (At extermination camps in Europe, but also in places like occupied Manchuria.) So, while I didn't veer into saucer tech and foo fighters, I did think it would be interesting to build on that historical record of intense scientific development, and combine it with an overly-literal quest for Nietzsche's "overman".
Having given up all attachments, having recognised this world made of mAyA, see that your Self is not dual (advaita) and you will see the paramEs’vara.
- Monogram canvas, microfiber lining
Seeing the daffodils of Springtime just makes me want to sing!
Don't Force It
Most people who don’t share my love of music probably think I overdue it a bit. They are probably right, but I’m okay with that. If we were to get into how music has influenced my life, I’d be here until tomorrow night writing this. So we’ll save that for another entry. To feel what I feel towards music, and to know people limit themselves to 1 or 2 genres, saddens me. They will never experience the appreciation of anything you put in their ears. Maybe that’s just my personality. But… I couldn’t even fathom just listening to a handful of artists for the rest of my life. But not only that, people actually push away the idea that anything else could be out there.
Obviously I was more profesional in my answers, on the phone and during the interview. It was really really great, i felt so good when i left my interview and i was super excited about that opportunity. He basically told me that he would let me know the next day what his plan was.
And then..
When you feel so tired but you can’t sleep
Nobody likes fear, because it’s an emotion that limits us, freezes us and makes us lose the ability to make the right choices.
Cover and leave for about 3-4 minutes to steam
This was absolutely delicious. The filet was beautifully prepared with a perfect crust on the outside that held all the sweet goodness of the port-wine and fig reduction that sauced it.
"Button, button, who's got the button?"
For He is the Truth and the Way!
Elephants are one of the smartest animals on earth and are also the largest land animal. Female elephants have strong social bonds and the herd is the center of their lives. Adult males live mostly solitary lives, though fringe relationships with herds are kept and sometimes they form bachelor herds. Elephants recognize themselves in mirrors ( display self awareness) and show an awareness unlike many other animals about mortality. Elephants have intricate language, social structure and ritualistic seeming traditions. For example, when an elephant calf is born, the herd gathers around it and the mother and rumble a welcoming to the new member and learn its scent. When a member dies, there are days of mourning and lingering around the corpse. Some appear to make pilgrimages to visit the spots where former members have died, and they embrace the bones of their lost. Elephants are indeed gentle giants, showing great care for one another and their young. The herd rallies to teach calves the intricacies of their social order and communication and of how to use their trunks and tusks to various ends, such as how to dig up roots and how to discern which plants have medicinal values. Their memory is famed and they’re capable of passing down knowledge about their environment. Elephants have keen hearing, smell, taste and sensitivity on their feet and trunks which allow them to feel and interpret subtle vibrations. This allows them to utilize low pitch rumbles and stomps, many inaudible to the human ear, to communicate with one another across great distances. This is one way for elephant herds to keep in touch with non-familial neighboring clans. Elephants show great affection towards each other and protect their young and elderly with zeal. With their stature and physical power they could be destructive and provocative, however they do not unleash these capabilities unless in defense of themselves or the herd, though sometimes they can be vengeful and vindictive if they feel wronged or gravely threatened. While males will engage in combat for dominance within their order, it is more a show of bluffs and aggression rather than an attack with intent to injure. On the flip side, often it is simply the oldest & wisest female who is the matriarch. Elephants have numerous intelligence related propensities, such as self awareness, grief, the making of music&art, utilization of tools, altruism and compassion. As a power animal, elephants teach us about balancing brute power and delicate care and nurturing. They teach us of loyalty and the strong bonds of family. They remind us that we are stronger and wiser when we come together as a group, than we are alone.
On the other hand, how annoying that purchasing footwear seemed to become so time consuming and that our options had been rather restricted.
In the Mood for Love (Christopher Doyle and Mark-li Ping-bin)
This bit comes from Lisa's own blurb for Lullaby For Liquid Pig (on her website):
This year's challenge was to find 3 paint chips whose name started with your initials and then to make something with it. You could add up to 2 additional fabrics. So, as I've already mentioned in a previous post, I struggled with this one. After multiple false starts, I finally hit on something.
4. If someone hurts me, I never really recover from it or forget it.
Paper's,Image's and sentiments are all Nitwits which were free with a mag and just added my Handstitching to finish :)
So where are the all the vultures? The usual suspects have all declared themselves not interested. Dennis Kucinich, that quadrennial protest candidate, is confining his protests to the sidelines this time. Hillary swears she’s done with politics. Feingold insists he’s not interested. Every other potential challenger is laying low, protecting their careers’ futures.
But she did not tell me what to do when everything around me is false
And then the winner of the december challenge is choosen by Random.org :
SHOES: From a cheap outlet shop when I was around 15.
Seeing them having fun, laughing and making the most out of their lives is so rewarding – nothing can make me smile more.
The film’s familiar story ransacks the personal life of Arisu. Prior to his wife’s disappearance he is living an existential nightmare as a simple office drone who takes refuge in different masks to avoid authenticity and responsibility for his actions. His life and his surroundings are sterile while he plays loyal salary-man.
The Sales department needs time to big up your book to retailers before the physical item is out there. This means that cover, sample material and other promotional bumpf (if any) needs to be ready six months before the pub date. If that doesn’t happen, retailers will just see your book as a title on a list among hundreds and very probably not buy it. For some titles, a substantial amount of sales material is needed, particularly for titles about concepts that are hard to grasp. Major book fairs, at which the publisher will want to be showing off the sales material, also have a big influence on timing. So a publisher will move the pub date on rather than allow these elements of the selling process to be missed.
Apparently Jean Estoril was a pseudonym for the prolific writer Mabel Esther Allen. I didn't know anything about her, but know I've read at least one of her books and remembered quite liking it. I came across this one in a charity shop recently, and since I like children's books for a little light reading (or reading aloud to small friends) I picked it up.
27-Stephanie G (gets an extra entry)
2010.08.21 Afghanistan Helmand 6 0 Six Afghan cops are bound and executed by religious hardliners.
The craggily homemade version is much nicer; unprecious, easy, malleable. It’s a great one for using up left-overs, marmalade bits, old cranberries, stewed this and that, collapsed bananas and it’s good for experimenting. I like the deliberate under-mixing, and then watching it rise into smooth little balls through the smoky glass. It also absorbs and holds onto the essential flavour of things in interesting ways, like ginger nubbins, dates, vanilla and cinnamon. The botanically named ‘flavedo’ of citrus zest comes through startling well. It’s honest fare; simple, good, true, the workhorse of the kitchen. Wet into dry is the only rule, and then it likes to be left alone. But breaking it open, and getting a headful of that steamy, sweet interior, the texture reminiscent of soft, hot bread is lovely. And it has that essential lick-the-bowl-clean component, central to all great baking expeditions.
We are now into our first Unit in our Social Studies curriculum which covers identity. We have been learning basic facts that are pertinent to our lives, including our phone numbers, our community as well as our parent’s names, among other personal information. As well, we are learning about ourselves and starting to identify characteristics about ourselves that make us unique and special. Thank you for your help with our Origin of Your Name home-based project. We will be displaying these projects in the hallway to showcase our baby pictures, as well as to reveal the reason for our given names. This week we will be focusing on the fact that we are all special and we each can do certain things that help form our identity.
‘You know it makes sense. I’ll even help you make a planet for those “little people” you’ve always wanted to invent, as long as I can call the planet Earth, after the cat.’
I forgot to fill you in about what we did once we got here with furniture and such. :) Let's pretend this is from the first week in January.
A few years ago, I was working as a Creative Director at a technology-based advertising agency. It was an unlikely company as very few people— like, ten out of 400— had any experience or even interest in the advertising business. Most of the employees came out of film or technology or sales or somebody’s personal phone list and had signed on with the sure promise of being millionaires by the end of the year. There seemed to be no basic understanding of marketing or strategy or the American consumer; when I heard one day that we had an in for a pitch with General Mills, I had to explain to several key executives what General Mills was and why securing business with them might be a good thing for growing the company.
“Well that’s fine then, isn’t it: she’s not inviting you and you don’t want to go. That’s all sorted then.”
Okay I am going to think more about all of this and will update this with more plans and ideas throughout the day
We're challenging you to use numbers somewhere on your cards or projects. Could be on the patterned paper, on the image, in the sentiment, or it could even be on the embellishments! Just get those numbers on there!
If I had years to work on it, and the inclination to work that long on such a thing, I would SO make a tree like this:
But what shapes those appetites and desires? Not mere facts, or even persuasive arguments. What shapes those appetites and desires is story. And the part of us captivated by story is our imagination. So it is through imagination that I believe we can most closely approach the deepest parts of who we are, the longings, dreams and desires that shape us and drive us to behave in the ways that we do.
While Reuters noted that, while ” U.S. officials” asserted “that a lone soldier was responsible,” this conflicted with “witnesses’ accounts that several U.S. soldiers were present.”
So Simon and I end up wandering to get coffee.
I pulled most of them from boxes of 40-Man as I was building the set, sometimes even from partial boxes (Pujols). Don't think I ended up with more than one duplicate.
Truly, God doesn’t make mistakes. But people do go to hell.
At first, I have to admit I was skeptical. I mean, time travel? Back to the Future has already been done. I soon realized, however, that Jake Epping has much bigger problems than Marty McFly, and Stephen King is a creepier, more analytical Doc Brown who makes time travel seem like a terrifyingly real possibility.
That's where you come in. I said "Stop sniggering at the back!"
“The winds of change are blowing across mother earth and the time is now to take a bold stand against the government because they lost all legitimacy the day the first child was killed under their watch,” Anonymous says.
Your word is sharing
07-04 Dublin, Ireland – Olympia
It’s been 5 weeks since the tragic death of Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old African American from Sanford, Florida, and still no one has been arrested for the crime. Despite the fact that the assailant (George Zimmerman) has admitted to shooting Trayvon, a few media pundits have refused to accept that he should accept full responsibility for the events that unfolded. Whatever your opinion of the case may be, most would agree that the bullet fired from Zimmerman’s gun is responsible for Trayvon’s death. However, Geraldo Rivera, a Fox News anchor, refuses to believe that the gun (including the man who shot the gun, George Zimmerman) is at fault and instead claim that the hoodie that Trayvon was wearing is somehow responsible for his death. He recently asserted on Fox and Friends:
The Selinger government sees the new law as a signal Manitoba is declaring it will not tolerate sex and labour rings operating within provincial boundaries.
What exactly is it you want? You appear to hate us, our culture, our religion, our values, our traditions. This Anglophobia appears endemic and leads me to only one conclusion; you wish to take us over — just as commanded by your Holy Book.
You see, Carlos, above getting published and seeing your book in a store and all that, the real moment an author longs for is when a child picks up her book and won't let go. Oh, I watched you walk so proudly when you parents finally caved* and let me sign one for you, like you were a little soldier of literacy, marching off to battle.
Later that evening, I made the mistake of allowing him to be circumcised. He wouldn't nurse after that. I thought, he knew I didn't want him earlier when I refused to nurse him and now I let them hurt him, so he no longer wants me. I cried again, but this time I knew why I was crying. After an hour of sheer heartbreak, I tried nursing him again, and after he got on with a very painful latch, I decided I wasn't going to be sad, because I didn't want people thinking I was weak and looking for pity. There are women in the world being beat by their husbands, raped, and I am not going to let myself be selfish enough to wallow in any grief over what happened to me.
In other words, three sisters and their “aunt” are dead, but at least nobody’s feelings were hurt? If that is the case, then Canada is really screwed-we are a country chock-full of gutless wonders. RTRA New Jersey muslim recently murdered his daughter and son-in-law in Pakistan because he was "offended" that his daughter chose her husband for herself, rather than submit to an islamically arranged marriage of his choosing. Ninety-one percent of all so-called "honor killings" worldwide are committed by muslims for islam, because islamic doctrine endorses and encourages such murders. Via Jihad Watch:
If Britain is to survive and have a chance of being great again, the lies have got to stop, and that will only happen when we as a nation stop voting for the liars and start voting for the truth. Maybe we can start this Thursday.
On another note, have you seen the pretty dresses offered up by a company called Shabby Apple? I'm guessing you probably have since they've been pretty visible out in Blogland with giveaways and such in the last year or so. Well, they contacted me and would like to offer my readers a 10% discount on any purchase from their website.
Today I have the pleasure to share how you can have fresh, beautiful holiday greens for your home, whether shipped or decorated by the wonderfully sweet Diane Pfeifle of Hoh River, WA.
…your mouth says “wow”!
As I make changes around here, I'm tossing around the idea of changing my blog's name, too... Is this a really bad idea?? The reason I'm considering this is because the focus of my blog is evolving a bit. When I started writing, I had a focus and the name of my blog reflected that. As my life evolved, so did le blog and it's focused widened - it kind of became a jane-of-all-trades lifestyle blog where I talked about whatever tickled my fancy in the moment (case in point: this post). But my life is evolving yet again and as it does, I want my blog to return to a specific focus. As I process and work through changes to le blog, a name change is beginning to seem necessary. But you tell me: will that throw you off? Annoy you? Do share and please be honest. I don't want to charge ahead without thinking of you, my dear readers!
If you're planning to use the laundry room in an RV park, you might want to check out the facilities before registering. You can go on to another campground if the facilities, equipment and cleanliness are inadequate.
Since I don’t know where to start, it’ll happen organically. The middle path.
· The cycle of fear of others or specific circumstances begins (1 Kings 19:1-2).
If??? God is for us WHO can be against us? The major key here is IF GOD? God can only be for people who are for Him. God is only with those who keep his commands. Those who love him first and foremost and love others (especially their enemies). Many people throw around this verse or even sing Our God is Greater but really don’t know who God is? We gotta know God, so He can be for us, then WHO CAN BE AGAINST US????
In Iraq, the law of 12 January 1950 concerning bank control led to bankruptcy of stockbrokers, most of whom were Jewish.
It didn't take long to see he was serious about it (as opposed to, say, cleaning his room or doing laundry), so it was time to shop for a quality horn he'd have and use for years to come.
Exactly like the double edge of a cold familiar knife
free and uneasy now
If you live in a high-rise condo building, I would be curious to hear of how your board communicates to you.
When someone asks me "how is Keaton". I really have to answer honestly... he is absolutely great! He is such a happy, sweet boy and I am so blessed he chose me as his mama. Steve and I say at least once a day "man, he is so cute". This weekend he started saying "Hi" and really, that is the cutest thing. He also has mastered giving kisses with the sound effects of "mmmmwwaaaa". So put all of things together and you get my favorite time of day.
I had pretty good experience casting ? conventional rig, and wa? real good at it. My broth?r Steve ?as no s?ouch either, we cast out for quite ? distance. Fish ?ere lit?rally boiling ?n th? water. You could see them break?ng the surface, ?nd j?st under it f?eding ?n the chum they h?d b?en thrown by the deckhands. I started retrieving my Jig ?ight after it had hit water. I wanted to k?ep ?t on the surface, or ?ust und?r it, because the fish were right there. About my third cast, I got a hookup that doubled ?y r?d o?er. L?ne was peal?ng off my r?el, s? I adjusted my d?ag a little tighter. Stil? th? line k?pt going and I didn’t know what to do. My father showed up right about that tim? and told me t? tighten the drag a ?ittle m?re and let the fish have his h?ad. Meaning let him run fo? a minute. I did as instructed, a?ed at the pow?r I fe?t pulling ?n m? rod. I had c?ught big fish ?efore, ?ut nothing like thi?.
For those of you with enough sunlight, the dwarf varieties could be grown inside with a southern exposure and some moisture. Here are some ideas from the grower my friend used to purchase his trees.
Hove, London: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, 1991. Print.
I wanted to insert myself into my research because I, myself am a welfare recipient. I had a beautiful daughter, and ended up a single mother receiving no child support. In my own navigation of the welfare system here in California, I have noticed that these sexist, racist and classist policies that govern mine as well as hundreds of thousands of other women’s lives are actually counter- productive. Yes! Tax payer dollars, energy, and my precious time are consistently spent trying to prove to the state that I am a decent human being. Social Workers are paid to monitor me and meet federal quotas.
3-4 cans crescent rolls
Well… The French may well find Londres a bit surprising after watching that film….
Consider this: you cut your toe, it bleeds and it hurts. The pain runs through your entire being courtesy of a multitude of neurotransmitters firing off alarms. Your mouth, your vocal chords echo the pain. Your body's defense mechanisms spring into action to prevent infection. The clotting mechanisms kick in to ensure the cessation of blood flow. Your hands, on the ends of your arms, reach out to tend the injury. The cells within the tissues, your skin, go to work to close the gash. Everything, every bit of you, functions together to heal the wound - and ensure the well-being, not just of your toe but of your entire being.
10. IF YOU DO WANT TRANSPORT, RESEARCH PRIVATE CAR COMPANIES. You can usually find a limo company that will pick you up from JFK for $80 or so. If you're a group of 4, it works out the same as getting the bus.
125. “While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.” – Publilius Syrus
Target: A homeless man in Coral Gables
It's day 2 of 2012 and have to say its been a slow day. The temp is close to 40 degree's and I am not planning on any training until the evening. The last week or more has been interesting with some ups and downs. Not just from the extra riding I have been doing on the road but also some of the ergo work.
Needless to say, Pericles is simply not in the same league as Lear, which latter is arguably the greatest play in Shakespeare's oeuvre, if not the greatest play in all of Western Literature. It is not a great criticism of Pericles to say that it is not quite up to that standard, because what is? But look again at the speeches Pericles and Thaisa make and try not to be moved almost to tears by them.
Do you KNOW how hard it is to balance two apples on your head, hold a book, AND still manage to smile?? It's HARD!! Those animals in the book might have been able to balance ten, but we were doing well to get two!
EDITED: Thanks everyone! The most talented Lauren Bergold, from "All the GOOD Blog Names Were Taken" is the artist that did this great tutorial! Please head over and check it out... you will not be disapppointed!
Guiding me closer to home
I will not be
Is it just me or are all the most beautiful clothes made in black? The shops are full of colour this year but it seems so bright and jewel-like. If I am to venture into colour I imagine that venture being somewhat more pastel.
But what exactly makes a person belong within the Christian bubble of Olivet?
Blessings to you this Easter season,
Now it’s a desperate race against time to save Jordan and prevent Eryx’s haunting eyes from discovering her true identity.
I am here for you if you’d only care.
A violent response by police would risk alienating middle-class voters and handing the advantage to the opposition in what is shaping up as the closest election in Malaysia‘s history, possibly forcing Najib to delay the poll date.
To be honest I didn’t think the beer was all that great. But I was awed by the little tap-room. Just a few tables and a barrel in the corner and that was pretty much it – possibly there was also the locally ubiquitous crucifix on the wall, I don’t remember. It was only about ten in the morning, I was the only customer, and it was completely silent. Quieter than a church.
The painting above by Paulo Zerbato is entitled, "Impossibility of Communication". I feel it fits perfectly with how I feel on those days when I find the time and energy to post. I know many of you read and understand at least some of what I am trying to convey, but outside the realm of ordinary folks I think my pondering may be lost. I post some of my own creations, and when I find something that is well written, inspiring, and informative, I introduce it and give the author credit. I never hope for complete agreement and I'm always open for factual evidence of why you might disagree. Someone asked me if I ever write for the newspaper (Op/Ed) and I said no.
So we came home and thought well at least we still have our free cruise to the Bahamas and trip to Hawaii just for listening to the presentation!! As I got researching this company that gives away these "free" trips, I literally cannot find one person on the internet who actually got their free trip. These "free" trips are hardly free. For the cruise, you have to pay a $199 processing fee per person, plus a $123 per person government departure tax and port fee, plus a $15 per night deposit. For Hawaii, you have to pay a $199 processing fee per person, plus a $60 per person government imposed tax deposit. After talking about it, paying all of these fees is still cheaper than booking the trip ourselves, so we decided we'd book the trips. I started reading on the internet about this company, mostly to see what other "fees" there would be. Everyone says they filled out the form (which we have), sent off their deposit along with their preferred dates of travel and then waited. They waited and waited and then finally called when it was a few days before they were supposed to leave and were told everything was booked. People say they rescheduled multiple times but each time their scheduled dates were booked. After rebooking several times, the free offered expired and ended up not going on the vacation and not getting their deposit back.
now that i have eyes
His most memorable law, and where I'm going with this, was "Systems of Regulations created as a management surrogate take on a life of their own and exhibit a growth history which closely parallels other living entities observed in nature". He went on to show the number of pages in armed forces procurement regulation vs. time along with a curve of weed growth (from the journal "Weed Science"), and produced a graph any biology student will instantly recognize as the sigmoid growth curve of populations, also called the logistic function.
I don’t think I have been so affected by a song for a long time. Teenagers in Heat fills me with a deep yearning and sadness for an unreachable past. First time I heard it I felt like I'd been punched in the stomach. Last FM stats reveal that I’ve listened to it 38 times in the past week, but that has a lot to do with its brevity - clocking in at just shy of two minutes it always leaves me wanting more. “Yearning” is a word that regularly crops up in descriptions of a lot of the music coming out of the US underground at the moment (Summer Camp, Washed Out, Teen Daze, etc), and there is more desire and longing on display in this one song than in an entire John Hughes movie. It borrows a little bit from Dion and the Belmonts A Teenager in Love (which I’m guessing is its inspiration), but the synthetic beats, chiming melody and Caged Animals’ mainman Vincent Cacchione’s emotive falsetto make it an altogether more modern interpretation of aching teenage lust. Paul Lester of the Guardian called it “doo-wop dubstep” and, as terrible as that union might sound, it’s a neat analogy.
Oh, yeah – that sounds like half of our fan base talking about the Cocktail Party. It’s about the destination, y’all! It doesn’t sound as good coming from that direction, does it?
I love you Shelby Renee! You are my best friend. Here's to many more years of memories and good times. I have no idea where I would be, who I would be, or what I would be up to now if we did not meet in third grade. Thank you for being you, thank you for allowing me to be me, thank you for always being there, and thank you for everything that has yet to come.
M. Ryan, who is a director of the Bank of America, which was founded
That’s why I told the Pentagon guys, “You can have a Starship Enterprise future, exploring the Universe and all that kind of stuff. Just work with us.
(Sara also made us laugh with her potty mouth, which she couldn't shake even after realizing it was an all ages show. The boy was surprised; I was not. We both thought it was too funny.)
Serve with corn chips.
But those forehead feathers were rather distracting. Watch for yourself.
He was so tired when we got home that he actually took a nap, after which he put his fireman hat on and ran around the backyard, "putting out fires". Everything was on fire - Moose, the chickens, the box elder tree...
So are her legs.
The garden is looking absolutely beautiful, today in garden club the pond was being dug, the orchard was pruned, lots of planting and weeding, signs being painted and a very special arch is being built by one of our student garden trustees at the entrance to the garden.
about the "recipe" so I figured I'd just share!
I sincerely hope you all tune in to the launch. I've rarely been this excited for a completely inconsequential thing.
Why I chose to represent William Hussey:
Dance me through the panic till I'm gathered safely in
Rangers/ Appeals etc
I dwell in Possibility –
My Take: OK, fact is I over paid for Scandrick and gave him a big contract now we have to use him some where even if he can’t cover the slot receiver. If you think Jenkins can’t cover, look at Scandrick.
To make tempura, you need oil that is 375 degrees. I thought my mom had a thermometer that would work, but it turns out it’s a meat thermometer, so it only goes up to 190 degrees. (Useless meat implement!) I thought it would be OK.
which one is worst ?
I've created this Elegant Holiday Bouquet entirely out of paper and various Stampin' Up! punches and dies simply by putting together three of my previous flower tutorials: the ever popular and original Paper Flower Bouquet, the Candy Cane Bouquet, and the Jumbo Paper Pinecone Tutorial. These tutorials are so versatile. There are limitless ways to use the flowers shown in these step-by-step tutorials.
The Palestinian Accountability Act, which Obama waived with a flourish of the pen, was one in a series of attempts to stem the flow of taxpayer money to the terrorist corruptocracy in Ramallah. The Act mandated that no funds may be made available to the Palestinian Authority until it ends its terrorist activities and an independent audit is conducted of its finances. Rather than complying with the bill, Obama dismissed it by resorting to the transparently fraudulent claim of national security.
First she didn't get in the shower with me then the weird smile, I wonder what is going on. I climb into the bed next to her. My dick is nearly hard. But before I can make a move she begins to speak.
T. Time you wake up: Around 6:40am
“The faculty is open-minded, small and has a good name. I can only recommend it.”
has pulled together some Amazing talent to create the
I think I scared my mum the other day when I told her it never goes away. It’s there everyday and the difference between being ill and being okay is the ability to fight against it. The difference between living and dying is the strength you have developed within yourself. It seems weird and must be scary too, but somehow people have this pre-conception that you just suddenly get better and it all goes away. All that hate and fear and anger just goes away.. but the truth is that it just gets shut away in a box somewhere deep inside you and when you least expect it, it’ll pop open once again.
The next course by Chef David Bull from Congress was Salmon Belly, Sunchoke, Sunflower Sprouts and Seeds with a brown butter dijonnaise. The salmon belly was ever slightly crisp on the outside and incredibly juicy with salmon flavor on the inside. That is some of the juiciest and most flavorful salmon I've had.
Sweet tea! I love sweet tea, can't get enough of it. I just wish I could find a decent mix/recipe so that I could make it by the pitcher. Mine always turns out a little bitter and not near sweet enough. I have been drinking the Gold Peak brand lately, and of course, McDonalds Sweet Tea for $1!
As a 21st century bride I’m sure you’ve been using the Internet to help you plan your wedding. In addition to researching companies online, you have probably joined a wedding community to talk to other brides, click through online galleries and blogs for ideas and may have even started your own wedding Web site (a Wed site) or blog to share your plans with your bridal party and guests. But have you thought about twittering your plans?
· There is no "siesta" napping on the bar for St. Patrick's Day--you have that confused with Cinco de Mayo, which is two months away.
Dark Fantasy takes the internalization of the outside world one step further: In Dark Fantasy and horror, the physical world is a reflection of the subconscious, dark, and animalistic side of our psyches.
That sometimes we're supposed to dive right in it.
UPDATE: I have a 53-year-old woman looking for a roommate for Soul Train Cruise 2013. If interested call Allure Quest Travel Experience at 615-818-8241 or email alan@allurequest.com and we will attempt to get the women together to discuss compatibility.
To my mind Leo specialized in grand set-pieces and tableaux whereas Dave was more of a natural storyteller. I don't think the latter ever crammed quite as much insane detail into a single panel as Leo managed to include in this late Bash Street page from 1962, shortly before the changeover.
In addition, we bring our judgements: good/bad, pleasant/unpleasant, love/hate and all the rest of them. Our identification with one pole and our reaction against the other the Buddha described as states of attachment or aversion which also keep us trapped in habitual patterns of thought, belief and behaviour, and are responsible for a great deal of the world's suffering and troubles.
1.) Parallel parking on the first try. For me, parallel parking is tricky, at best. It can involve a lot of jockeying to get the van the appropriate distance from the curb and from the cars behind and before it. When it goes smoothly, with one curving reverse turn and a small hitch forward into just the right position, it’s cause for a celebration. I always take a picture with my phone, to preserve the fact that at least once, this once, I was good at parallel parking.
Walcott ran at the Everton defenders with real intent and even found himself one-on-one at the edge of the box when Alex Song won the ball from a bloke on blue. The Bald One was equal to the task.
Until the current economic climate is stabilized and businesses have some sense of a steady, long-term market, they are going to shy away from investment, small businesses will not grow, and jobs will not be created.
So then, of course I'm under intense pressure to come up with something good, being as it was my idea and all. As usual I forgot to scan in work in progress. However, that may be for the best as it a while for all to go to plan. In fact, at one point I gave up and went digital. But giving up is not really in my DNA, nor does it mix particularly well with my life motto - Where there's a will, there's a way. So, I called up my old friend Percy Vereance and we worked on it together. The wild wind outside may have penetrated our subconscious and influenced the girl's flowing locks.
3 drive
At its heart is the eponymous Dr. Yuri Zhivago and his relationship with two women: his wife Tonya and his lover Lara. A supporting cast weaves in and out of the novel, manipulating, inspiring, intimidating, interacting and sometimes simply just being in the vicinity of the central trio.
If authoritarian rule bolstered by partisan terror has emerged as the most obnoxious characteristic of the new dispensation, there are also some other features to count.
02 Nerve City - Sleepwalker
“You any soul ! hold utilizing every persuasion an baseball judge produces, notwithstanding, if everyone demonstration an various’s disapproval one can feel rules which status be followed which agency that others do not guess they is open of the assonant mathematical. If you ought to stay during the courageous you can look to control all by yourself. The answer is the ones you bang. ” Or simply, “The ballgame official stands out as the only being during this fearless the represent for everyone’s wellbeing and bingle and meant for enforcing the rules. This is not really against everyone personally, but an mortal’s behaviour cannot be allowed to sustain. Justness here is the exclusive warning you
No wonder you rise in the middle of the night
Oh how blind we were...
Have a great day!
and has its way in the bawdyhouse
Jamie Grant, secretary of Glen Lyon History Society has lived in Glenlyon, known in Gaelic as Gleann Dubh nan Garbh Clac (the black Glen of the crooked Stones), for the last ten years. During this time he loves to visit one remote spot more than any other.
When we’re managing our weight (oh…so like ALWAYS?) Dan and I depend on the whole protein-and-a-side strategy for weekday nights. We find that by freezing some chicken breasts and boneless pork chops, for example, and then making sure we get in the right vegetables, we can quickly throw together a meal that makes us feel well-fed without exhausting us. Spicy pork chops and black beans is just such a recipe.
Everyone is in everyone else’s business. Besides that, I would not want to sully such a great friendship.
Try it.
I have now completed my latest 3 little dolls and this morning I have uploaded pics of the first 9 little rag dolls in the blog shop. So, if you would like to be the first to put in an order, please follow the link and email me with your requests to wipso@toucansurf.com. If there is something you would like but would prefer it in different colours, then please let me know and I will be happy to do my best to meet your requirements.
Oh how the moon shines on
Whole Wheat Dinner Roll
Well Spring looks like it's finally showing it's head, thank goodness. I'm hoping it say's nice for tomorrow as i will be walking round the senior schools playing field with H for sport relief, the rest of the school will be walking over the downs, but i think they decided they wanted to keep reception all in one place !!!
and before you know it, your friend who hurt you, "possible by accident"
On the one hand it's kind of a cool idea but there are a few problems that immediately occurred to me and its sustainability is certainly questionable. For one thing, it's going to be built miles away from town on 6.5 wooded acres of land. Cars won't be allowed inside the perimeter but I saw no mention of grocery store, school, post office, movie theater, roller rink, museum, or any place where someone might go to earn a living. Wouldn't it make a lot more sense to place such a development close to where people already live? If they built it instead on some huge area of urban blight or rehabilitated the soils of an abandoned industrial complex and placed it there sustainability would be much more realistic.
My hubby desperately needed a new piece of luggage. In fact, he has never owned an actual piece of luggage, you know, like the kind that is rectangular and rolls on wheels? He has a huge duffle bag and a few little bags that he uses when we go out of town. We never have gotten him a piece of luggage, I guess mostly because he just didn’t complain about it… he would have rather spent the money on other stuff… the priority just wasn’t there.
As fog morosely packs its caravan.
It won’t fix everything that ails our politics, Lord knows. But it will end some of the most egregious abuses and provide some salutary examples of what happens when you try to screw your fellow citizens and the system of government our ancestors died to create and defend.
Pre-Appointment Email -
One cake had a dome, so I had to slice a bit of the top using a serrated knife.
I started making them because I was really tired of going to the gaming store and only finding dice bags that would tip over and had a fabric selection that I just didn’t find appealing. I know gamers like to personalize things, and I knew I could make something to serve that interest. This is why I also do custom orders. I just love it when I get a custom order bang on. There’s nothing better than knowing there’s a happy geek in the world because of you.
Therefore, I don't need their unhappiness vaccine at all. Instead of thinking unhappiness now will lead to happiness later, I'm going with this method: More happiness now. After all, there might not even be a later.
Her campaign sign: It's in the shape of a t-shirt and mounted on a drinking straw:
Garnish shrimp with cilantro sprigs and serve with reserved dipping sauce.
I smile harder - my face kind of hurts, "If I promise to be really nice to you can I get one?"
"Hi. This is Mrs. M., Savannah's health teacher."
Either the local farmer had been feeling really bored of all the green everywhere, or it was a new kind of sheep-dip. Some of the ewes in the neighbouring fields must have been dipped earlier, as they had faded to a sort of genteel peach. (You could almost imagine turning one upside down to use as a powder puff in the bathroom. I suppose the legs might scratch a bit, though. Hmm.) But the first lot were really startling, especially against a background of purple hills.
You get on a boat with your flippers, your mask and your bent pipe and then you jump in the water at 6 different sights looking for crazy fishy things like 8 foot black tip sharks….. This perticular one swam almost through my legs. Luckily for me I’d just been to the toilet….
Susan “Sue” Storm Richards (also known as Invisible Girl, and later Invisible Woman) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superheroine. Her primary power deals with light waves, allowing her to render herself and others invisible. This is the ‘catching the Player and Cheater’ power – again another power that should be bestowed on girls. Our hearts would stand a better chance against being broken if we had the knowledge.
Even though I am a God-fearing Christian, sadly,
Toshiba Camileo H30 Full HD Camcorder Review
But that’s not the way God would have it. He says this:
THE ENTIRE DEBATE WAS A DISAPPOINTMENT… for it embodies the crave of Filipinos to shred every bit of reasoning and logic and replace it with biased assumptions and misled judgments.
Well, today its raining, and thundering, but mostly raining.
I like being the girl of the pair!
Maybe I'm just a dummy, but I couldn't figure out why this book was entitled Angela's Ashes. The entire time I was reading, I was expecting Angela (the author's mother) to die, but she managed to hang on the whole way through. Oh, um, spoiler. So I've looked it up in order to enlighten you. Apparently the follow-up book, 'Tis, which was originally tacked on to the end of this book, concludes with the scattering of Angela's ashes. (Yep, that's another spoiler.) And Angela's Ashes concludes with the word 'tis. So there's a sort of symmetry there . . . although it still doesn't quite make sense to me. Shouldn't it have been the other way around?
I just don't know whats going on here, I know I have blogged before about Shakespeare as when I was at school we were taught that no one knows if Shakespeare was a single writer a group of writers or a traveling band of writing performers.
The Armenian Genocide, for example, was often referred to as “the forgotten genocide,” the “unremembered genocide,” the hidden holocaust,” “the secret genocide,” - AFTER it happened! – (The Burning Tigris, A History of the Armenian Genocide, by Peter Balakian.)
Last night though we had 5 adults jump out of a van and threatened to beat the fuck out of a bunch of kids. Took their candy and then chased them through back yards. Sigh, what the hell.
If I believe someone is unworthy of my respect (intellectually, emotionally or psychologically inferior); I am willing to disrespect them: to believe they are intellectually inferior and incapable of hearing or wanting to hear my honest opinion. I always get their consent that they wish to be disrespected: I ask them: Do you want to hear my honest opinion, or do you want me to lie to you with with two faced hypocrisy deception disrespect? Do you want me to kiss your ass with sycophancy; cause I think you are too moronically stupid to hear honesty?
1/4 cup white distilled vinegar to the last rinse. The acid in white distilled vinegar is too mild to harm fabrics, yet strong enough to dissolve the alkalies in soaps and detergents. Besides removing soap, white distilled vinegar prevents yellowing, acts as a fabric softener and static cling reducer, and attacks mold and mildew. It helps keep colors from running, and helps keep hair (pet or human) and lint from
A friend told me about seeing markers at her partner's cottage in the Kawarthas (see photo). Another told me about a tree in a Caledonia hedgerow. I learned of a grafted, double-trunked Sugar Maple that stood in Binbrook along the Welland River, believed to be a boundary marker between Iroquoian tribes (that is, until some kids started a fire under it 10 years ago and burnt it to the ground). This past summer, my friend and tree colleague, Gerry Waldron, showed me a couple of amazing marker trees in Windsor-Essex (see photos). One of them is the most impressive tree I have seen (online or in person) to this day. And last fall I stumbled across a couples of Sugar Maple less than 100 m apart (see photo) in north Burlington pointing in the same direction along a path from the Niagara Escarpment to Lake Ontario - the only marker trees I have discovered on my own thus far.
Or else we never left Memory Lane at all, and to me that is very sad and quite a waste of a life.
Obviously Levi has never attended any of his ex girlfriend’s speaking tours where she warned young female teenagers not to have um…er………..?
"Put it this way my friend, uh-uh. When you’re holding a hedge-cutter...do you use it like this?" -
tales denied the telling
1.) Use a cheesecloth and not a kitchen towel.
Then there has been the development of Yohan Blake, last year’s World Champion in the 100 meters. With Bolt out of the final due to his false start, Blake ran through the field on his way to a clear victory. As impressive as that was however, he really turned heads with his season ending 19.26 to win the 200 in Brussels – the #2 time in history and only .07 off of Bolt’s WR! At 21 years of age, Blake is just about in the same spot Bolt was entering the 2008 season – only significantly faster across the board.
As the name implies, French Roast is the rich dark color of morning coffee. Although sunny yellow-green Bright Chartreuse is more reminiscent of spring and summer, it provides the perfect transition to the chill of autumn. The blazing orange of Tangerine Tango and sizzling pink of Pink Flambé bring heat to the palette. Olympian Blue is a bold medium blue that pairs well with the cool gray of Titanium. A mellow, brownish yellow, Honey Gold suggests the soft muted rays of sunlight on a crisp autumn day. Ultramarine Green is a cool deep blue-green ocean hue. The serene muted purple of Rhapsody brings calm to the bold colors of this palette. Pale lilac with soft pink undertones makes Rose Smoke a perfect contrast for Titanium or Rhapsody.
Packed a small pack with supplies : water , map , mobile phone , knife , 2 x Chomps ( sugar hits ) , body parts bag ( hey you don't know what you may find ) , digital camera and a lighter.
Come on! I’m serious!
Or maybe i am just a lazy sonufabitch and that's all she wrote.
and we didn't get home until 23rd December
He'll just have to do it like the guy below.
So . . . be sure you pop on over to Sugar Nellie's Blog HERE each day this week to see what the ladies have created for your viewing pleasure! Oh . . . and don't forget to leave a little "love" (a.k.a. comments) each day 'cuz some lucky folks will be randomly selected to receive a little "sugar!" Whoohoo!!
The internet is astounding. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go celebrate the Great American Grump Out, which, according to the official site, “includes no grumping, no frowning, no grousing, complaining, punching, slapping, hitting or killing. FOR ONE WHOLE DAY.”
He was a bloody genius at word play and man, we used to have some wonderful times back in my Princess blogging days.
1143. Mozz Sticks & Buffalo Wings @ Wild Wing Café (Asheville, NC) 12:36 p.m.
I decided to do a little SXSW warmup by taking the lovely Ms. Knoxious to They Might Be Giants last night at Stubbs. We met up with Lee-roy and his Secretly Evil keeper for many beers and head bopping. It was a mighty fine show except for the sound guy at Stubb's who doesn't know how to turn up the vocals and the best beer was Lone Star (16oz bonus beer at least). All that bouncing caused no old dude injuries. In fact I think I worked the kink out of my neck!
For the record, Lochner v. New York (1905) predated the New Deal by three decades, is today considered largely irrelevant, and dealt with the Due Process Clause, not the Commerce Clause.
14 Mimpi
"He insisted that it had to be this color," she says, rolling her eyes, "because he's a fellow." Red denotes not just my father's doctoral degree but his board certification in a sub-specialty, cardiology. My mother sighs. "Look at him; now he doesn't want to put it on because he knows he'll stand out."
and dissemination of works in the field of literature, art and science.
If I were to bring werewolves or ghosts into my Requiem game they might well be in the Being Human style - alone or in small groups, disorganised, human first and monster second, to be pitied as well as feared. Contrast with the organised vampires, who of course have internal dissent as well as outsiders trying to stay on the straight and narrow. (Series two is about why being Prince would be a nigthmare for anyone with a decent Humanity.)
the grass like a corn-crop after harvest (the birds loved it)
Further, the New! Improved! Blogger interface is no longer compatible with the Eeebuntu version of Firefox I'm using. It wanted me to download Chrome, but Chrome wouldn't install.
Please leave one comment per entry so it'll be easier for me. Thank you!
Ronald Boykins (bass)
Light and Airy Dresses
Getting an admission in some of the best universities is a tough job for most students. These esteemed educational institutes provide the best infrastructure and educational facilities to those who can make their cut. A good education is the key to a good career and most employers would prefer their future employees to graduate from a reputed university. Mentioned below are universities globally known for their world-class educational and infrastructural facilities. So let's have a look at some of the top universities in the world.
YES Patching & painting of façade walls
isaac makes lots of squeaks that sound like baby dinosaur noises when he's getting hungry.
Distances: 1 square = 6 inches
RADIO:
Well she got her daddy's car
Remarkably, she was – in her healthier periods – able to write a book called Severe ME/CFS: A Guide to Living, which is an invaluable text for many ME sufferers. It is published by AYME, the Association for Young People with ME, of which Collingridge was a prominent member. Her most important work, though, was her appeal for adequate biomedical research into ME.
SECTION-B: Race Problem
Sweetie, I'm sorry.
Eliminate what is undesirable. Why try to make people well when evolution is doing what it does to eliminate them?
Tiong Bahru Bakery
Some of the authors were seasoned at this routine, including my tablemate, YA author Joy Spraycar.
But the next day I am reading the moarning paper and find out she was in Lancaster yesterday because she is going with a local guy and they were having lunch locally. This is not the first time she has been in the area.
The Montauk - 4200 16th Avenue
The mix of Autobots has clearly been chosen because of how they play off one another. Instead of randomly grabbing the most popular Transformers (or their personal favorites), either Hasbro or the producers (including Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman) have assembled a superhero team. Optimus Prime is the wise leader, Rathchet is his second-in-command, Bulkhead is the muscle, Arcee is the young, semi-hotheaded soldier, and Bumblebee is the young, loyal soldier. This version of Bumblebee neither talks nor does that annoying “speaking through film clips” nonsense from the movie. Instead, he beeps and whistles. It might sound annoying, but it’s actually the best version of this character’s “voice,” yet.
Oprah: “But does it mean you perceive being gay as a sin? Do you think that being gay is a sin?” Jakes: “I think that sex between two people of the same sex is condemned in the scriptures, and as long as it is condemned in the scriptures, I don’t get to say what I think. I get to say what the Bible says. I’m not particularly political. I’m not particularly denominational. I’m not worried about any of that. I’m not anti-gay. I’m not anti-anything. I don’t want to even be known by what I’m against. I want to be known by what I’m for. I’m for people bettering themselves, no matter who they are and where they are, doing all they can to be all they can be.”
1916--Motorhead
We will stay in Toau for awhile and do some exploring, plus the snorkeling and diving are supposed to be excellent.
i told husband yesterday that i want an herbarium of my own in the garden. and you know with husband, it's never that far between talk and action and his eyes lit up at the idea. he was soon mumbling to himself about roofing materials and how much ventilation the building would require to keep the herbs dry.
Directed by Wen Yimin (1929, silent), starring Fan Xuepeng
Gosh, it's already Wednesday evening! Time seems to be getting away from me lately.
U. S. General Accounting Office. (August 1994). Environmental Cleanup–Better Data Needed for Radioactivity Contaminated Defense Sites. GAO/NSIAD-94-168. U.S. GAO, Washington, D.C.
It seems you believe “not made with hands” means invisible, spirit, ethereal, invisible, ghostly, and so on. I will suggest that if we read 2 Corinthians 5:1 anew, Paul’s parallel points to “not made with hands” meaning “from God,” i.e., not human made. I see no reason to believe Hebrews 9:11 envisions something else (cf Heb 8:2).
I've stuck with this strategy since deciding to pursue my writing goals. It took me nearly three years from the decision point to the day I signed a contract with an agent. But I didn't quit. Of course I doubted it would ever happen, and I feared my writing wasn't good enough, but I kept working to improve my writing skills, and I kept sending out query letters.
“We have to ask ourselves: are we getting what we deserve for our tax dollars?” de la Uz asked. “If there has been a true public process… we could have a project that would actually deliver on the promises.”
Trupo stops in to see Richie, talking about the attempt on Frank's life. He tells Richie they need to work together to "keep this cash cow alive." Trupo notices the target's on RIchie's board and asks "Are you actually going to arrest Frank Lucas? What's the matter with you?" RIchie tells him "Everybody in New Jersey's crazy. You know what we do here? Cops arrest bad guys." He tells Trupo next time he comes over the bridge to call first and make sure it's safe.
Well, I'm looking forward to tasting this beer and using the blend in at least one other brew. If you brewed any interesting fresh hop beers, feel free to brag about them in the comments. Cheers!
how can you be finished
My searching took many routes and I have had many disappointments. I had been searching for thirteen years when I decided to stop. It really consumed me. I let it define my happiness, I let in define who I was and so. At the age of 27 I had given my life back to the Lord and decided to just put it into His hands. I didn’t want it to take over my life anymore, I wanted to just be happy with who I was.
Varúð (6:37)
And then as well, as I said, the third issue of ESC3 launched to worldwide acclaim in the Dublin Food Co-Op, and the PocketESCs are completely and entirely GONE. You can see the third issue of the maga(zine) online if you click here. I still have a good few PDFs to send out and hard copies and all that and a load of tiny other things buuuuuutttttttt it'll be okay. People are nice to spunky non-profits like us.
The problem here is that many people are comparing apples to oranges, contrasting Book Country, which acts as a middleman, with Amazon's KDP program or Barnes and Noble's PubIt, where there is no middleman.
Recently, I've been finding a lot of really great new blogs that I keep adding to my ever-expanding list. Like I need another blog to read. Sometimes I wish blog stalking was a vocation, but then I think about how if that happened, I would probably live solely off of coffee and NutriGrain bars while my body slowly became one with my computer chair. Probably not the best way to go.
This week the peak had to be last Saturday, because my baby girl turned 1!
As usual, to be in with a chance of winning my candy you just have to become a follower (if you're not one already), add a piccie of my candy to your sidebar and add your name to Mr Linky below.
OK. What actually happens? In the jobs I go for, mostly I have an application form to complete, giving my career history and responding to a person specification. Often the questions are the same, I can cut and paste and adapt what I have written before. Then, quite often actually, because I am well qualified, I get an interview. I drive up to two hundred miles each way, and about two days later I get a phone call to say I have not got the job. Or- no, actually. The most recent ones I have had phone calls to say I have not got the job, but in the past I have had phone calls to offer me jobs. Even when I have been read as transsexual.
Cook's Notes:
Emily Cunningham won the 100m
Chocolate cookie base:
Truth be told, I'd been wanting to open the Borealis since the moment my friend put it in my hot little hands. I was intrigued that Montinore, a terrific winery out of Oregon, a region where Pinot Gris is the predominant white grape, made a German blend out of Muller-Thurgau, Riesling and Gewurztraminer. There is a good amount of Pinot Gris in there as well (15%), but it drinks like a good drier Riesling. It has an aromatic nose filled with melon, pear and a hint of apple and these are the notes you get on the palate. It has a slight sweetness to it, but not enough to characterize this wine as semi-dry. It has a nice amount of acid, but not an overwhelming amount, which is good because ceviche is basically seafood marinated in acid. The pairing worked out beautifully and this was the first time in a long time that I kicked a bottle of wine at dinner with just one other person (I'm a heavy wine taster and buyer, not a heavy drinker).
This beauty immediately grabbed me and screamed, "Take me home!" Of course, I had to oblige. I mean, look at the curves on her!
So when will he win again?
The general quality of the food at Los Altos is good, and they are fairly consistent. When choosing ingredients for your taco/burrito/tostada/torta, you should start with the fajita. I've never been dissapointed with it.
Chapter Five begins the core of the book. Romney asserts that America can remain strong only if its economy is strong, and our economic strength is based on our productivity. Romney suggests that productivity is so important that it “should be a constant in the media and in the minds of citizens. And the importance of productivity transcends ideology. Whether you are interested in spending more on benefits or you want to add to defense, achieving your objective depends on the nation’s productivity.”
So it is with great dreams. The best ideas in the world for making money, building a business, solving a social problem, or making an improvement in life are useless until they are planted in a well-prepared mind, tremendous results happen. Every great enterprise was once simply an idea that was planted
The head of the patent office floated the surcharge proposal late last year. The proposal would require congressional approval.
But he didn't. He lingered, hovering near me on the sofa, lying, then sitting, then lying again, his banana-hand still outstretched, obstinate and unrelenting.
Her name was Henrietta Lacks, but scientists know her as HeLa. She was a poor Southern tobacco farmer who worked the same land as her slave ancestors, yet her cells—taken without her knowledge—became one of the most important tools in medicine. The first “immortal” human cells grown in culture, they are still alive today, though she has been dead for more than sixty years. If you could pile all HeLa cells ever grown onto a scale, they’d weigh more than 50 million metric tons—as much as a hundred Empire State Buildings. HeLa cells were vital for developing the polio vaccine; uncovered secrets of cancer, viruses, and the atom bomb’s effects; helped lead to important advances like in vitro fertilization, cloning, and gene mapping; and have been bought and sold by the billions.
* People affected by certain tornadoes, severe storms, floods and other recent natural disasters. Currently, parts of Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia are covered by federal disaster declarations, and affected individuals and businesses in these areas have until May 31 to file and pay.
It’s astonishing to think that avoiding defeat against Man City would earn Liverpool their first visit to Wembley since 1996. Their cup wins under Gerard Houllier and Rafa Benitez all came in Cardiff, which was used when the home of the English national team was being rebuilt.
Make note of each town shown, watch for 72 hours (approx) from this point.. 100am CDT 4/22/2012.
► 4.5% alcohol by volume or less
I’m leaving tonight,
When Silko was still a child, there was a legal battle between the Laguna people and the State of New Mexico over six million acres of land wrongfully stolen from the tribe. This legal battle was formative in Silko’s budding political consciousness and later inspired her to go to law school in order to fight for the land rights of her people. However, after becoming disillusioned with the American judicial system and its ability to uphold Native sovereignty, she “decided the only way to seek justice was through the power of stories.”
Will that in mind I offer the DVD to you, dear reader, by way of a prize. You can win this exciting now second hand DVD by posting “Gimme, Gimme, Gimme” in the responses below. If more than one people respond I draw a name out of a hat to choose the winner. On announcing the winner I will then ask for an address to post it to. It’s only a DVD, I can nick a jiffy bag from the stationary cabinet at work and don’t mind whether the postage is UK, Europe or beyond. The DVD is all regions but English Language only. I attach but one condition to the prize. Once watched you have to pass it on with the same condition that they pass it on. Pass it about and let anyone interested see it. You have to see it to the end to see whether Phil ticks 500 and reaches his goal.
Commissioned by the EU Commission and the Observatory on counterfeiting and piracy, Rand has come forward with a novel methodology for assessing the scope, scale, and impact of IPR infringements within the EU (on which see a Current Intelligence article in this Issue: ‘Measuring the scope and impact of IPR infringement in the EU’, Marius Schneider, Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) 7(5): 313–316). It is undisputable that previous pan-European multi-sector studies on the phenomenon of counterfeiting and piracy have their shortcomings, either because they do not allow evaluating the scale of IPR infringements within the EU internal market, or because they are financed by industry, rendering them vulnerable to criticism. Rand's approach is to return to the roots of IPR infringements, to companies themselves, since they should be the first to notice that ‘something is wrong’ in their market.
I was thinking about putting a watermark on my art, but honestly, that kind of technology is beyond me. I'm just going to let it go, and deal with ebay when it comes up. It's worth it.
It's hard to tell in the photos, but I added little gold stud earrings to her ears with a little drop of Gold Stickles....so cute in real life!
They gave out some surveys after their live - I tried to write a bit in japanese, but it's still so difficult - and the gave us a demo tape afterwards.
she exhaled possibilities.
Shawn Edward Bowman, 28, New York, N.Y.
It's me. Tag!
It has always intrigued me when someone has made this statement. I can understand the reasoning behind it – we want to admit to our humble attempts in understanding God. But unfortunately, it reveals a deeper set of issues in our heart. The reality is: theology has been poorly taught as if it is disconnected from our spiritual walk, we tend to plateau spiritually by settling for a basic understanding about God, and we assume theology is something only monks and professors can truly master.
Thanks for stopping by
Joy of the long dead child sang burning
It reminded me of the the invisibility of older women. I got my first taste of not just being looked down upon because I don’t conform to the current ideal of physical beauty, but actually ceasing to exist in the gaze of those around me. It was a confronting experience, but an interesting lesson.
Pearls: Melissa Francis
Carleton College Knights, 13-20 (5-11 MIAC), tied for 9th in MIAC
Seeing Matthew Crawley’s muddy face in the trenches cannot convey to me the horrors of the war. The detailed accounts in the book are terrifying to read. There were so many ways to die: guns and shells, broken bones even just a broken femur, long, bumpy rides to a hospital, gas, hunger, diseases, lack of medical supplies and doctors, even rain. Non-stop rain in Passchendaele had caused trenches to collapse, drowning many soldiers in the mud.
1 tbsp sugar
I was stunned. I couldn’t comprehend what he was saying.
Life is pretty simple. You’re at the bottom or at the top. What is your choice? Do you know what you want? Who you are? There are those who run roughshod over the world and those who are pure pavement. Decide who you are. Latin Scientists, Change In Advance, both companies are committed to being the lion in the room the pack-less animal– In essence we tear up the none predators. Its not a mean thing- its a fact. I could mince words and quote pacifists- but its falsehoods. You rise to the top or drown. Sink or swim. The question is simply do you have what it takes to rise to the occasion or will you be trampled?
I'll not bother tagging anyone this time as I did this a few months ago. Here's 8 random facts about me.
I live in a National Forest and seriously, I only see deer and elk when I go into town.
We believe. You belong here.
i haven't been able to do a lot of hiking since having children. Having to carry them made hiking much more difficult, and then when they could finally walk their little legs would get tired quickly. So i'm really enjoying being able to really get back into the woods again and really explore some of the nature trails around us.
4. For a fourth entry add my button to your blog and post the link in a comment below.
No worries, we still got some super sweet pictures.
Or has it ????
Handy information about the number of tshirts needed–these are apporximate since each design may be a different size. 9 shirts= 45″x45 ” lap throw, 12 shirts=45″x60″ large throw 16 shirts=60″x60 ” extra large throw, 20 shirts=60″x75″ small twin, 24 shrits=60″x90″ large twin, 25 shirts=75″x75″ full, 30 shirts=75″x75″ and 42 shirts- 90″x105″ The resulting quilt will have no sashing between the shirts and no border.
plastic shopping bags around her feet.
Africa the Pope/Vatican should be more concerned with reviving Catholicism in their own backyard.
And that’s about as zippy as it gets. For diehard dog movie lovers, the film’s worth seeing for some cute and totally staged moments of Collie-Wolfdog bonding. Otherwise, it’s pretty forgettable. Luckily you don’t have to go out of your way to catch it on archive.org. Otherwise, you can find it on DVD as part of the Canine Collection.
As I mentioned in an earlier post, a week ago was a very busy week because it was our High School Senior celebration dinner and then taking them to St Augustine for the week. Jason and I co teach with Randy and Julie Thompson and this is a highlight of their's and our year.
Too much make up.
Ibis put his belongings on the floor saying, “Of course, of course, I’m delighted to help,” and took the heavy bucket in both hands. The barkeep lumbered off picking up two other buckets exiting the Inn, and Ibis, looking around, put his bucket on the floor, slung his backpack and bow over his shoulder again and walked without demure out of the Inn, down the snow-covered trail, and back to the bridge where the party was waiting. He did not notice a pair of pretty blue eyes from a second story window watch him as he trundled himself away through the snow.
In a large mixing bowl combine olive oil, garlic, salt, and paprika. Toss potatoes in the olive oil mixture. Place potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheets and place in the oven. After 15 minutes of baking rotate sheet trays and turn potatoes over. Continue baking for another 10 to 15 minutes. Potatoes will be crispy and golden brown in color when done.
WHat's your fav new thing now that all the releases are out and mostly available???
But I kinda know that I won’t get far
Do you preen yourself in front of your wide screen TV to reflect your pathetic ego,
Well, this year for Valentine's Day I am going to get this set. It's fun and whimsical. The best part is being able to bake and decorate the homemade cupcakes with creamy frosting, topped with X's and O's, love, hugs and kisses out of fondant which comes with the kit.
You could simply say that the narrative of global warming was constructed to induce a state of despair.
If jam forms a skinvand wrinkles when pushed, it is ready. If it slides down like a sauce, continue to boil for a further 1 to 2 minutes. Turn heat off and stir in butter to remove any foam that has formed on jam.
Chinese family names often begin with a sign that means “mother.”
What a great surprise do i have in store for you..hehe..
iv) ‘Give alms only to the deserving Sunni Muslim poor.’
On the market you can always find new kinds of cameras with sensor of any size, that's why we can't show all of them in a single image, however it will help you to understand the sizes of the various sensors... READ MORE
201 bron-y-aur stomp
As part of VERS10N’s NFO XPO I will be participating on the panel: Art Criticism Roundtable
The full moon illuminated the area. Riley walked to the shoreline and looked across to the other side enjoying the soothing sound of the water against the rocks. When she turned around, Matt had laid down a sheet for them to sit on. Plates covered with food were illuminated by a single glowing candle.
I knew I should've stayed in bed today. I wanted to, but the alarm went off like usual at about 4:30 am. After hitting snooze three times, I finally left my cozy bed to begin the getting ready process. I was hurting! This was going to be one of those days, where no amount of caffeine would help. What I needed was SLEEP! On top of a very groggy morning, I had horrible traffic making me late for work! It was SO stressful!
- I do not share his view of amnesty and giving more to illegals than our American Citizens who need help;
You don't remember,
Another one of us had a concrete bag miss him by a couple of inches last week.
The Beast Of A Night:
Scary to type those words in the title. Back. To. School. Summer just started! And now they have Christmas items on display at Target... not yet, but you watch... it will only be a couple more weeks!
Investment risk management comes down to preparing the best plan for the expenses that need to be allocated for while at the same time saving as much as possible as well. Working to reduce the risk, as best you can for your self and those investing in you.
- For those involved, or interested in getting involved, in local commerce, the Pratt Area Community Council (just north of us in Clinton Hill/Bed-Stuy) is offering a Small Business Workshop this Wednesday from 6-8pm.
It is hard to envisage de-Islamization taking place without at least some outbreaks of mob violence and the temporary breakdown of law and order across swathes of urban Europe. Some countries may well see the formation of armed militias and concomitant eruptions of more systematic and lethal violence aimed at entire communities. But it is hard to believe that such violence, backed up as it would be by elements of the apparatus of state, would not constitute the most effective squeeze factor imaginable for an Option 1 (Enhanced). In addition, this efficacy would surely (and hopefully) mean that very little application would be necessary.
"No! It can't be," Edouard shouted. "I can't hear it anymore, what have you done with it?"
Anyone else have experience with WW? I’m so proud of Heather for making these changes in her life. Healthy isn’t always easy – but its totally worth it.
So our dinner conversation (well...one of the many dinner conversations we had last night...as we have so many every night!) was really lovely, with my children knowing without a doubt that BECAUSE they are living a life directed by their hearts and their passions, the doors will open for them to paths of opportunities that they/we may not even have known existed...
There’s no doubt that a cordless mower is a fantastic solution for most persons, but there are some items that you will need to be aware of.
Hello and happy Saturday!! I recently found this incredible challenge blog called For Your Inspiration. They have some of the most beautiful inspiration photos I've seen! Can you say WOW!! This week's photo (below) is just awe inspiring. I love the blue/white combination and would just love to be in this picture somewhere just sitting somewhere with a cuppa and taking it all in.
There are days when I look at him and all I see is a handsome little two year old boy.
We’ve got a copy in the club and members who’ve tried Dungeon Lords generally rate it very well. It’s more of a gamers’ game, running around two hours, and learning it is tricky at first. There’s an element of solo play in that you each run your own dungeons, but player inter-action comes in the planning steps when you decide your orders. Keep an eye on the other players’ progress and actions, as what they do will affect you. Dungeon Lords is highly rated on BGG (7.60/10) and a follow-up game called Dungeon Petz came out last year too. Both are published in English by Z-Man Games.
Ducking into the car. My final bid: "Last chance, asshole." But nothing.
He says rations are being distributed to the remaining evacuees as well as the families affected by flooding.
a part of me tells me not to buy them. “you have enough shoes”, “you could use the money for something better” and so on. Another part of me tells me that I should buy them. “You can never get too many shoes”, “You really like the shoes and they will do you better than a dinner out or expensive food”.
After months of painstaking talks, government authorities and five of the nation’s biggest banks have agreed to a $26 billion settlement that could provide relief to nearly two million current and former American homeowners harmed by the bursting of the housing bubble, state and federal officials said.
The bit that I love most about these verses from John, is that we are made to be our ‘true selves’, our ‘child-of-God selves’ through Jesus. The power of God’s love is transforming; I find it awe-inspiring, but I am no longer scared of letting God work in and through me, and transform me and my life.
Does this make sense?
Delightful actually.
Well didn't someone once say "a girl can never have too many shoes"? For me it's projects on the go, obviously. But there is a redeeming feature to this latest project......it's a train knit, yippee! I haven't a little portable knit since the Hitchhiker, well socks are ok I suppose but a bit awkward to work on whilst chatting to that stranger across the seat who wants to tell you what a great knitter his/her mum was, and how they wished they'd learned, and is it cheaper to knit your own? Yeah right,you'd better stck to just wishing you knit then........
Stimulates senses
French - Leave please go from my electronic rocker
Runners Knee in full force
What in the world will a cinnamon roll do? I'm scared to try it!
This diet helps the pregnant women in nourishment and helps in the growth of placenta and embryo which has the very important part in this process. The HCG diet helps in reducing the 1-3 pounds in a single day or it can be said that it burns 500 calories by the intake of injections and drops in a particular level. This hormone was recently banned in the market and become most popular among the cases of athletes and most steroid users. There are some negative side effects by this intake which results in the mood swing, headache, dizziness, and mental irritation. And increased the pain in pelvic region, urination less than normal, vomiting. It is not widely suggested for the athletes or the person of sports as it reduces the metabolism of the body thus harms it in an either way. So considering the best for the body also and not well for the body it depends how you intake. As it has the stamp of weight loss.
Are you planning to go see it? Let me know. I'd love to know what you think of it after you see it.
8. Pour Some Sugar On Me (DEF LEPPARD cover)
Still conspire their juicy plans
The wife and her two sisters
The first day we were here, we had to go to Wal-mart to buy supplies. (Yes, they have Wal-mart up here. Most of the major stores are represented. It's not entirely primitive.) Halfway across the parking lot, the cold began to penetrate my clothing. I was almost to the car and I suddenly realized my fingers and face and legs were badly stinging, the cold was so intense. At that point, my days of Tetris-like organization of groceries in the trunk was over as I began flinging things into the back of the van with wild abandon. Keeping bread, eggs, and potato chips from being crushed gave way to a desperate need to escape the invisible enemies now biting at my skin.
Anyone ever heard of frozen “Brown Clam Chowder?”
There is a lesson in here for us. There is never a time in a Christian’s life where the Lord does not see or does not care. Whatever it might be that resides in the dark chambers of our heart we can be sure the Lord sees it. It is a challenge to us to open our heart to Him and expose it (cf. Psalm 51:7-12).
It is clear that these people have some sort of problem in the head and are out to character assassinate a hard working activists who has done more for the party than all of them put together. Do they really think people will support them when they attack their own people for being gay? Do they think the media will ignore what they say? Do they think they can win a case in a court of law when this is brought up?
Doctor claims he has evidence of the afterlife – Dr. Jeffrey Long on the Today Show
Goal #2: Bring Lunch to Work 4 out of 5 Days a Week
I got hurt running. Bad. For a while it was even painful to walk. My left hip/glute was yelling at me. I was the victim of the too’s; too much, too soon, too intense. After a bit of a hiatus, I asked my friend Francisco Gomez to help me get my running legs back. Without his generous tutelage, I might not have been ready for today’s WordPress event. Francisco’s not just my friend; he’s a certified personal trainer, an elite runner, and a highly sought after collegiate and high school cross-country coach and the owner of The Fit Potato. He has the most unique intuition and way of coaxing out one’s highest potential. He digs deep because he gets it. He’s passionate about running. Francisco trained with me a few times and showed me ways to improve my form, enhance my flexibility and build strength in the areas that were weak and hurting. With his humble and gracious help, I improved ultra-fast. He also connected me with his chiropractor who has helped unhitch my locked-up sacrum. We have been a wicked trinity: a running expert, healing hands and my dogged determination. Today was the day to prove it.
I enter by the west door. Subdued lighting emphasises the serenity of this place, and allows the rich colours of the stained glass windows to glow. The quality of the craftsmanship is apparent not just in the fabric of the building, but in the decoration too. Arches supported by tall but slim perfectly proportioned limestone columns support elegant arches that draw the eye to the altar. The roof timbers are a testament to the skills of the woodcutters and carpenters who shaped them from oaks grown in the nearby Weald forest. Three effigies in the north aisle – thought to be of members of the Godfrey family – are exquisitely carved, every detail of the human form beautifully depicted in what was once a solid block of black marble. I feel an urge to touch the stone and feel its cool smoothness beneath my hand, but somehow can’t help thinking this would show a lack of respect not just for the memories of those the effigies commemorate but also for the craftsmanship involved.
It's a fantastic opportunity to get your work seen by agents, editors, booksellers and literary scouts. Undiscovered Voices will include a dozen extracts early readers up through young adult novels. The anthology will be published in 2012 and sent free of charge to UK editors and agents focusing on children’s literature, in the hopes of getting these authors discovered. The book will be produced by volunteers with the financial support of Working Partners Ltd, a London-based company which creates series fiction.
News 12 Brooklyn was on the scene in the 6th grade classroom at Dr. Rose B. English School/PS 327 to get a sneak peek at Social Media For Kids® in action. In light of recent incidents in which Brooklyn youth engaged in arguments over social networking sites - later escalating to violent interactions and murder – News 12was amazed to see how well the curriculum incorporated tactics that prevent cyberbullying, while teaching the kids social media and multi-media literacy. News 12 captured Social Media For Kids’® lesson on cyberbullying, in which the class made videos to spread the word about how we can work together to prevent violence over the Internet.
As Sir James enters the house, the butler, Mooney, announces him. His friend Roger rises to greet him. And there is dear Lucy, that lovely little girl of Roger's. Sir James observes with envy the affection between father and daughter as she kisses Roger good night. Lucy smiles at Sir James and extends her hand, wishing him a good night. Aren't you going to kiss me too? Sir James asks.
$10 – ALEJANDRO JODOROWSKY
Twitter:
You read it first here.
Being there is the best way to help someone out
There are also three or four broad beans that I rescued from the vegetable border and will get planted out with the others.
We’ve just returned (ok it’s been a week actually) from a lovely family holiday that wasn’t too hectic or tiring (on the mummy, i.e. me!). The last trip we took to Phuket just seemed like so much work that I was really reluctant to bring either or any boy along this time, especially since I’ve been so tired recently, and initially we only planned on taking Abacus, and had already started prepping Mittens that he’d be shipped off to the in-laws, but thankfully we were able to redeem a flight for him (in less than 12 hours too! Gotta love SQ, not loving their website though), slightly more than 2 days before we were scheduled to leave.
Brown-headed Cowbird 1
Cara Schulz: Don’t give up on love. If my husband and I can find mates, and we’re a**holes, anyone can. Focus, drive, and ambition are not lacking in you. What brilliant and fearless project are you working on now?
1 primarily
Later in the war, in 1941, we formed the Air Sea Rescue (ASR) Service, and if anybody came down there was somebody on the spot almost before they had landed in the sea. But this didn't happen in 1940, and this is a black mark which the system had to endure right the way through the battle.These are the thoughts of Derek Wood (or some of them), co-author of the seminal text on the Battle of Britain, The Narrow Margin, articulated at a symposium in Bracknall in 1990, sponsored jointly by the RAF Historical Society and the RAF Staff College Bracknall.
Beer Log: July 2009
The book I was sent is The Parisian's Return by Julia Stagg. If readability is anything to go by, by this morning I was already almost half way through it, which bodes well, and I have some mental notes as to what I might say when I come to put fingers to keyboard, though I have to admit to feeling the weight of responsibility that comes from actually writing a real review.
taxes and also not raise taxes
Tried to deflate her
"Grab the shampoo, hon."
Summing up, the Tile Quilt is now ready (after a good press) to be quilted, and I have high hopes to see it hanging in its new home soon.
Next up is my brother Eric, who—in addition to kicking ass at the Special Olympics—has taken up the travel bug in recent years. I figure I’ll drop 50Gs on his doorstep too. I’m sure that he can find a use for that money, whether it’s for travelling or injecting himself with horse tranquilizers to calm the nerves before a big race, I don’t care as long as he’s happy.
Although the statue is very impressive, there is a light-hearted aspect to visiting the Great Buddha hall. Behind and to the right of the statue is a wooden pillar with a hole through it near the base. I had read that it was popular for school children to wriggle through the hole (supposedly the same size as the Buddha’s nostril) because of a popular belief that those who can get through it will achieve enlightenment. As my friend and I approached, a woman perhaps in her 60′s, checked-out the hole, gave her purse, hat, and coat to her friend, and wriggled through. I cheered when she made it. One more enlightened being in this world has got to be a good thing.
- This thrift-ed wool sweater has been a weekly staple. I am not usually big on Native American prints, but this sweater has been warming me up to the idea.
Climate changes are everywhere, demonstrating our interconnection with one another and our interdependence on the same earth for existence. It does seem that there are vast differences in opinions as to what has caused all these changes but I have always believed that those who confess to know our loving Creator, The God of the Bible, should be the most concerned about our environment and the most willing to take care of it. After all, the earth is His gift to us and as He created, He saw that it was good and very, very good! So as for me?! I Declare Every Day is Earth Day!
I was too deeply engrossed in Jane Austin's classic, that I failed to notice the lights glimmering through my window, and the loud noise coming from our neighbors' backyard. I paused for a second, thinking maybe it's another birthday party, then I remembered.. it's new year's eve!!!
I am not speaking of a possible future, but of a certainty, if we do not act to change it. Our last chance is fading, if we do not grasp it now we will never again have that option.
Creating a ‘melting pot’ of freaky ‘blended humanity’ in ALL White countries is an act of Genocide.
I WILL REMEMBER YOU
“Let’s talk about the elephant in the room. I’m black, OK?” the woman said, declining to be identified because she anticipated backlash due to her race. She leaned in to look a reporter directly in the eyes. “There were black boys robbing houses in this neighborhood,” she said. “That’s why George was suspicious of Trayvon Martin.”
The same thing obtains under Commonwealth Act 671. Since under the view of the majority the emergency power of the President granted him in Commonwealth Act No. 671 ended only on May 25, 1946, then the extensive legislative powers delegated to the President under that Act could be exercised and in fact they were exercised during the five special session of Congress in the year 1945, which lasted a total of 84 days. During those special session of 1945, President Osmeña issued several Executive Orders in the exercise of his emergency powers.
1) Scoop up several dozen of the plastic eggs.
We started with a bowl of Miso soup, feels so healthy & clean. Then rice paper rolls with chicken, caramelised onions, julienne vegetables, sesame-miso sauce, so scrumptious!
It's been one of THOSE days when everything goes wrong.
The trick is to embark upon a writing road that sustains your interest and keeps you excited and engaged throughout the process. If you can’t wait to get down to work every morning and approach your composition with excitement and enthusiasm you are on the right track. If not, as the saying goes, don’t give up your day job.
Yesterday I went to Shenandoah National Park more to acclimate our prone-to-car-sickness puppy to long rides than for photography – but of course I brought my gear.
misterfox
887 ***D-X/7/1984. “A Reading of Raphael’s The School of Athens.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 335-61 (1997).)
They needed to be more creative....
Writing and Editing are not the same thing, but to be successful you need them both. Next week I will start to journal my editing process, why I hated it at first and why I almost quit.
The large problem I have with the magazine is purely down to it being Official. Reviews are always going to be slightly suspect and a majority of the magazine reads like a PR press release dissected into a less formal tone, the magazine never feels like it is speaking from its own perspective. The previews give an impression that each game is going to be amazing and the reviews really seem to be safely following the crowd, no controversial scores here.
we could be more
A historical institution dating back to 1867, Laliberté tied their 145th Anniversary into Festival Québec Mode. On the night of April 19th, an exposition of sheer entertainment took the full house back in time. While audience members lip synced the words to California Dreamin’ the models took to the runway in modern day flower power apparel. Inextricably linked to days gone by, pretty florals, bold stripes and sophisticated solids proved fashion worthy of today. Laliberté may be a historic fixture in Québec, but with events like this one they are staking a claim in modern Québécois fashion. Graphic Designer and two year employee of Laliberté, Chantel Ferland said, “it is a diverse store that is continually evolving to fit the needs of their customers”. That is just what visionary Jean-Baptiste Laliberté had in mind. Historical photos and advertisements stirred “remember when” comments from Laliberté lifers who proudly shared stories with one another. The night appropriately drew to a close with applauding customers marveling at fabulous-luxurious furs, the medium that started it all.
I won't tell you about those things because I want you to know that we're fine. I'd rather tell you about Aston's baby butt and how it's to die for. I have another surgery tomorrow and a few more days at the hospital and then I'll be back. And better. And remembering that the complications we've had could have been so much worse.
Anyway, this is not a cry for help. Thankfully, with the therapy that I sought after that incident, I am a little more capable of handling my sadness. This was just a brain that ran away with an idea, so no need to flood my comments with “let me help you!” because, while I appreciate the concern, I am not suicidal. Your thoughts on the matter, however, are welcomed. If you knew you were going to die at midnight, would you live the rest of the day to the fullest or would you end it on your terms? I will honestly say that I have no idea what I would do. I would want that level of control, because I am a control freak, but I think knowing what is supposed to remain unknown to us would satisfy my need to control the situation, allowing me to live the remainder of my life the way I should, with the people who love me. Hmm. Brain food.
First you must have a message. This isn’t what you say. This is what you say, the reasoning behind it, the experiences that have brought you to this point in life (thinking, emotions, ect.) and everything that influences how you think and interact with others. Needless to say that all this is extraordinarily difficult to compress into a couple of sentences.
definite rules for the size and proportion of places cannot be laid down. They should bear some relation to the size of the buildings likely to surround them. An over-large place will tend to dwarf buildings. Sitte points out also that tall buildings, narrow in proportion to their height, such as the west ends of cathedrals, seem to require places deep in the dimension at right angles to their front; while wide buildings of lesser height, such as are many town halls, picture-galleries, and the north and south fronts of cathedrals, seem, on the other hand, to show best on places wide in the direction parallel to the building, and’ shallow in the direction at right angles to it. He also recommends that places should not usually be square but rather oblong, the length and the width bearing some definite proportion one to the other. Usually the length should not be greater than three times the width.
Motivate yourself by giving yourself positive feedback along the way.
I was elected by a majority, and have been a Board Member and Secretary-Treasurer for the District.
6. My conscious decision to shut up
Parents like you should develop a solid plan so that you can support your kids all the way through college. Your decision is very important because you can only benefit from real estate investing over the long term. You can’t expect immediate success in the real estate business. You need to be dedicated, knowledgeable, patient, and hardworking. You need to devise a solid investment plan to ensure that your money will not go to waste. Students often rely on scholarships, student loans, part time jobs, and savings to pursue their studies. Now, there is another option and that is real estate investing. Even the students can take part in the decisions related to real estate investments.
The funniest thing about this whole movie is that they tried to sell it two ways, but neither of these posters have anything to do with the movie at all! Nothing! Nichts!! Nada!!!
d) For those with no Twitter or blog, read the official rules to learn about an alternate form of entry.
Chukerman played Marc in that film classic.
Competitive Colour Scan:
Now that we are starting to really feel the spring weather, we have been going for walks almost every day. On the weekends we typically choose a local park or public trail to hike. During the week, when the kids get home from school, we hike down to the creek or to the top of the hill and explore the woods behind our house. Now that the kids are older, i can take them farther into the woods to explore new areas.
I would pray a lot. And then maybe see if I could find a super-powered homeless man to tell me what was really going on.
3-5 bay leaves
Pets Corner is a petting zoo set in the heart of Jesmond Dene. It has been a popular place to visit since it was first opened in the 1960's and is about to be demolished and rebuilt with more modern facilities after gaining the funding from the Ouseburn Parks Heritage Lottery Bid. I heard demolition was expected to start soon so I recently took the chance to get a few more photos before the change happens.
Dr Sibusiso Sibisi, who is currently the President and chief executive officer of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research in South Africa. He was born and raised in Marianhill in the midlands of KwaZulu-Natal in May 1955, and completed his basic education at San Francis outside Durban, during the apartheid era.
On the bottom: tights, knee socks, a full-length vintage slip, and then my skirt. In addition to the slip on the top half, I'm also wearing a yellow woven cami top with the jacket and vest.
My husband prefers to keep his lined up by pair on the bottom of his closet.
Lucy Cavendish College was established in 1965 as a women's college for students over 21, and our guide for the day was a perfect example of the college's aims. At the age of 40, this 60ish woman had embarked on her first university degree. Her first career, as a wife and mother, gradually developed into a second career as a student, and then an academic scholar. At the age when most people are contemplating retirement, this inspirational woman was writing a book on Rosamund Lehmann -- a notable 20th century British writer. (Our guide had also written a preface for one of the Persephone novels.)
We sure love our little guy. And he is really learning to love his brothers. I find him looking with complete adoration at them all the time. And they dote on him like crazy, so who can blame him? Today Dallen got in the car after Joy School and walked straight to Adam's car seat and got down in his face to say hi and play with him for a minute. Adam couldn't control his joy and I just sat and smiled and watched. So sweet.
I struggled physically to open my eyes and turn over a from my right side under the covers, to my left – and then “it” was gone! As I lay there, still and scanning the darkness in the aftermath, pondering what just happened and what “it” was that I really felt grabbing me in a strong constricting attempt. After briefly turning on the headboard light, I drifted to sleep for the night, thinking that maybe it was death itself that just tried to take me.
- Hardback and Paperback (£2995)
Swinging wildly at the curveball.
struck by lightning… this is also used in the sauna water… The collective use of crystals in food, drinking water, and inspired living, is quickly realized to bring great energy… as the camp values the
We finished in good time, and ate at Hoppie's in Oxford. I had a Cubani panini, which was incredibly yummy! Hoppie's is a cross between an old-time soda fountain and a sandwich shop. Excellent food and very busy. It's nice to see small towns find a successful niche.
Serve with rice or noodles or bread or just eat it by itself.
Frankly, I was too focused on figuring out how to make it work to really document my steps very well, though I did, obviously, snap a few pics along the way. So, as far as step-by-step tutorials go, this is a little weak. Think of it as more of an inspirational report than a how-to manual. ;)
COPY AND PASTE THIS TO OTHER JB HATERS FAN PAGE”
4. Jackey Yoshikawa & His Blue Comets - Lovers Shake
Small breasts with perky nipples
Recently I have felt some heat over statements I have made either by mouth or through e-mail in response to the murder of the Kansas abortionist George Tiller. The basic premise of my statements were that I was not all that bothered by the events of his death, though as a Christian anytime someone whose eternal salvation appears tenuous at best dies without having made a confession of Jesus as Lord, and I think we can make that inference based on the life he lived (though I cannot nor would ever be able to read a man’s heart, I leave that to God) then we must feel some sadness over a soul ending up on the bad end of eternity. I also am very pleased that his clinic will now be closed permanently. I have also suggested that it is possible, I say possible, that the event could have been a result of the judgment of God coming down upon him for his unrepentant acts of killing the unborn. As I listened to some of the responses I have been led to go back to the Bible to first of all be sure that I was not misrepresenting God in any thing I say and that my statements had Biblical basis. Please make careful note: I am not saying that anyone should be going out and killing abortionists.
and tipsy,
Number 6 is usually not completely honest. The historical evidence for Jesus is as strong or stronger than the historical evidence for many other people who we believe in without doubt.
Winner, Étoile d’Or 2001 – Best Film
As for function, they were all flawless in several shotguns tried. One, a Remington 870 set up for home defense, the other a Mossburg 500 base model hunting gun. Both shotguns ate up the buckshot rounds without a care nor worry. Feed and extraction were smooth and easy.
wake up to warm July.
Musashi – Samurai Legend (PS2)
photo : Chris Gunns
Today I went into the park as I frequently do in the morning. So, what do I see? The same nice looking man sitting on a park bench, reading a book, and smoking his cigarettes. When he finishes one, he starts another. I know this because after I’m finishing my walk, he’s usually lighting up another one.
300 grams rhubarb, chopped
Heaven doesn’t seem far away
This one will run for 2 weeks so the team can have a little break over Christmas.
My son Matthew, who is autistic, had drawn a picture in my sketchbook. It has been calling for me to color it for a long time. After wrestling with the park picture, now was the time. I had great fun with it! I got to play with the watercolors in all different ways, challenge myself to balance the picture's colors, and free myself from convention - in the spirit of the CoBrA artists:
2. What era's style do you like the most?
And all the while, as Finn spoke his potent invoking words, three diaphanous figures stood under the foliage of the one large tree in the backyard. They regarded me with a nod of acknowledgment and resumed their observance of the opening of the festival. I could not take my eyes off them. Each stood higher than any adults present. The only male of the three, with hair the color of the sun and grown past his shoulders, and eyes the just as striking, wore a white tunic and tan trews with a golden cloak hanging off his shoulders; it was pinned at his right collarbone with a magnificent gold brooch. To the left of the male stood a woman, broad of shoulder and hips, her full figure filling the burgundy ankle length gown she wore. Her cloak was of interlacing greens, the greens of early grass and new leaves, of mid-summer pastures and dense forests. A golden, intricately woven brooch secured the heavy garment at her left shoulder. Long hair the color of pine bark with red highlights hung past her strong shoulders and eyes the color of rose leaves emanated gentleness. The last of the three transparent figures stood slightly apart from the other two. Though her separateness gave the impression of aloofness, her mist blue eyes said otherwise. However, there was definitely something more universal about her. Her argent bluish cloak bared one shoulder exposing one well toned arm and her honey colored hair was plaited down the back. She wore a glorious pearl colored dress, ornately patterned at the hem, collar, and sleeves. The silver brooch at her left collarbone bore a resemblance to a Celtic stylized mare. She studied me again and her eyes promised patience, kindness, and loyalty. Regretfully I pulled my eyes from their regal forms and redirected my attention to the progressing celebration. It was odd, however, that no-one else seemed to notice them.
But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home.
Crown Publishers, 2012
I tried to pick up the pace some more during mile 3 but I didn't want to burn out too early. There's a big hill during mile 3 and another during mile 4 (at least, big for our area) so I knew I had to save some for that. I held steady at 8:25 for mile three.
Nah, who am I kidding, will be up all night again as always.
1. Make your intentions known.
A Wichita woman has been convicted on two counts of interfering with federal courthouse employees as the result of a loud verbal outburst, US Attorney Barry Grissom said Thursday
That afternoon my Mom, Meg, and I ran some errands and tried to figure out a cute way to tell Nick I was pregnant. I ended up getting 2 little ducks (for Nick and I) and a cake. I also made a little sign saying "We are two lucky ducks". I put it in the fridge and waited for Nick to get home. When Nick got home I asked him to bring me a drink from the fridge- and surprise!
You’ve probably heard the phrase “driving while black,” which refers to a perception that black drivers are more likely to be stopped by cops. This was whispered in the African-American community for years before it broke out into the wider cultural conversation and was gradually validated by empirical studies.
"Hi Greenie, how are you?"
Ugghhh... hopefully after this craziness of the week and we get to feeling better we will be bringing the sexy back. Justin Timberlake style that is. :)
This is my VERSE! This is the whole reason that I started my blog and this challenge. I am a new person! (I have been meaning to explain what the whole New Equus thing means and why I chose the verse I did but I will do that at a later time.) I have been posting verses from the New Living Translation (this is the version that is being used in the Challenge) and I really like those, but in this case, I like mine a little better. It is from the English Standard Version (and is the tagline for my blog):
together.
Balblair is a Highland distillery which releases malts with vintage statements as opposed to age statements. Their latest US release is the 2000, though they just released the 2001 in the UK. I will be tasting the 2000.
There will be just enough of a germ of truth in that sort of thing to excite our prejudices. Classic FUD (Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt), as a deliberate, premeditated strategy. Divide and conquer.
Internally, yes, I struggle, and with this post, as well as a few others, I've exposed myself as a bit of a navel gazer who prefers to build her castles in the sky rather than on dry land, but that's because of my struggle with beauty, representation, design, art and reason.
1/2 cups carrots, julienned (cut into thin strips)
We went through some rather informal security checkpoints and then were told to sit in one large waiting room. Anyone who was waiting for any departing flight waited in this one room. It was wild to me that in a city of upwards of 8 – 10 million people, we all passed through one door, one man, and now one waiting room. A flight number is simply called when it’s your turn, and you make a mad dash to get on the little trams to take you to your flight. (Remember that they can be overbooked, so the first one on gets the seat. Thus, more pushing and shoving!)
Today is also a very important day in my family. Some of you may have heard me say at events or read on the blog, “I swear on Aggie.” Well, Aggie has been a part of my family since 1980 and today she turns 91. Happy Birthday Aggie!
The term ‘self-protected entity’ means an entity, other than an individual, that provides goods or services for cybersecurity purposes to itself.”
I try to keep things normal. I even made this card today for Simply Simple week- using the Creative Elements and Great Friend stamp set which is being retired. I did very basic layout and kept everything clean. Hope you like it.
No where in those remarks does TriMed suggest the importance of any structure in addition to holes, as Stryker would have us believe. See Cole v. Kimberly-Clark Corp., 102 F.3d 524, 531 (Fed. Cir. 1996) (explaining that the claim drafter’s "perfunctory
Atheism is not a viable position: Why?
Lets just say this situation did not help stephens confidence in my driving capabilities..
be sure Adam and UJ get this email? I am not sure if I have either of
A number of guards; the ones previously belonging to Sestillius I noted, surrounded the bier and scanned their surroundings looking for the intruders and there stood Fortunata wearing a gleaming ring that seemed rather familiar. Her countenance was frightening and we dared not move. Part of her tunic seemed splattered with ink and in one hand did she clutch a rolled-up scroll. Finally, after what seemed like a century, the guards shuffled off upon the orders of Fortunata and presently left us alone.
So, I ask the complaint guy: what happened when I sent that SMS to 9090?
Mr. Obama devoted much of his visit to the troops, visiting wounded soldiers at a hospital on Bagram Air Base, where he awarded 10 Purple Heart decorations, and speaking by radio to military personnel in other parts of the country who were involved in arranging his trip.
A few months ago, I mentioned that I'd come into possession of a certain tablet device, as part of a program through my school. Now that I've finally had some time to play with the darn thing, it's round about time to give some opinion on the various toys that I've been playing with!
Report: Microsoft to Unveil Spotify-like Music Service – Code-named Woodstock, Microsoft’s new streaming service will reportedly be playable from a browser, with support for Windows 8, Android, iOS and Xbox 360.
It was exciting to see Roman using his crutches, even though I knew he wasn't really doing much of the work.
Ask anyone who went through the end of the Soviet Union what it was like, and you get a pretty good idea about what is coming.
On a side note: If you haven't tried Reynolds Crock pot liners, give them a shot. They are bags that are placed in the crock pot before the ingredients and fit all crock pot sizes. When the meal is done all you have to do is empty the crock pot and throw the liner away. Clean up is a snap.
Chinese tea, 1 tablespoon
1 symmetrical
Said cottage was a tiny house that seems to be the rage
4. Describe how this project will keep people safe in their communities.
15. Sponsor: Obama for America, 130 E. Randolph St., Chicago, IL 60601.
Grandma's Card
In fact, I found it incredibly amusing that every picture I took of him with this rattle made him look as if he was playing musical instruments.
Orchard Road on a Sunday afternoon is crazy crowded this time of the year. Everyone seems to be out and about doing their Christmas shopping so good luck if you’re trying to find a spot for brunch.
I got the older two off to school. I had an appt that morning to get my hair fixed...cause I messed it up...cause I think I can do these things Nemo, but you just cant....
"What took you so long?" I quipped, smiling back.
So, no "fat talk" for 2012 sounds like a great goal to me. I'm still working on a theme for the year, but I think I should make the ban on fat talk a general goal for me (for life). I want to keep up with my healthy eating changes and exercise without the increased negative body focus it brings.
Yarn over, insert hook into first space , yarn over ,pull through space ( 3 loops on hook) then yarn over ,pull though 2 loops(2 loops on hook).....
...or Never Say Never.
I have wanted new floors since we first moved in and I noticed the terrible installation job they did and the weird way it transitioned into the carpet. The floor is not in good shape and I kind of hated it. You can kind of see in this picture how it curves around the carpeting.
But someone recently splashed out £16,800 on Britain's oldest working TV -- which has a 12-inch black and white screen.
introduced, each of which is compared to a typical AM
For buns or rolls bake for 8-10 minutes(Approximately 12 buns per tray)
The point is to have listeners/viewers use hashtag (#onevoice) to submit/search (via instagram) pictures that depict translations of ‘one voice’ (does not have to be ‘Haiti related’ – a true depiction of expression by the photographer). This will build awareness around ‘one voice,’ create a buzz and lead to more donations. The pictures will be voted on and used for print ad/poster/t-shirt promotional goods to keep the word of #onevoice alive.
Such a simple statement.
The day after the event
Level 26: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 340%, Number of Attacks: 4, 36% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 26% for 92 seconds. The last attack is critical.
I’ll be posting it tomorrow.
“Policy makers in three dozen states this year proposed drug testing for people receiving benefits like welfare, unemployment assistance, job training, food stamps and public housing. Such laws, which proponents say ensure that tax dollars are not being misused and critics say reinforce stereotypes about the poor, have passed in states including Arizona, Indiana and Missouri.”
And anyone who has this problem, leave also a comment and tell which background you have, so I could try to fix something...hopefully.
Then my legs seized up and I haven't been able to walk properly since. Luckily I didn't need to move much from the table so we sat and gabbled for hours while munching on dark chocolate pretzels.
10 oz (300g) fermented kimchi, chopped
Swimming in the lake is safe and permitted, but scuba diving is not as it may disturb the ecosystem. Also, you will want to stay away from the dangerous layer of hydrogen sulfide that hovers between 15 and 20 meters deep.
»Scene 2«
Because, if there isn't then there's something wrong,
She rings the bell to go out, we let her out, she investigates the area and puts a tentative paw on the grass. But quickly pulls it back like it bit her if it’s the slightest bit wet. Then she looks at us with the biggest, saddest brown eyes. And we cave and take her for a walk. (It’s a racket I tell you!)
Plus for making your mum cliché, well at least 5 points I think (maybe extra seeing as you, her and your relatives appear to have lived thru the experience) = 5 + (5 for everyone surviving) = 10 points
Somewhere in the middle there were a couple of great speeches, including an impassioned pro-science polemic by Dara O’Briain, after which he announced the winners: for my category (non-professionals), Tess Shallard; and in the professional category, Penny Sarchet. Their pieces will be published in The Guardian and/or The Observer within the next couple of weeks, and I’m looking forward to reading them – I think my own entry, and the other shortlisted entries, will be published online in due course.
The best way to find out if you qualify for a Home Affordable Refinance Program loan, is to contact a HARP lender. Not every lender is equipped to assist you. Here is a way to check and see if you quality for a HARP loan through a trusted HARP mortgage lender. Simply complete this mini-application online.
Now story of baking. It's holiday for a week, time to entertain the children, especially my daughtern (6 y.o). She's a busy bee.. just like the mother.. so she needs to be kept occupied. This is then the result of our quality time, Banana Chocolate Waffles. Trust me, children love this soooo much!!!!
#liveastoryworthtelling is a Jacinto&Lirio campaign. But as I keep thinking about it, I realized it is a message I have always been striving to embody.
When you think of the most beautiful woman in the world. Names like Sophia Loren, Audrey Hepburn, Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly, Charlize Theron, Nicole Kidman, Natalie Wood......come to mind.
Let me keep you and tell you I’ll love you always
Not only that, but Missouri schools are being infiltrated by the International Baccalaureate (IB), which is a greater reason to place in the platform a total return of local and state government to our schools--free from the federal government and the United Nations, which runs the IB. I have already shared with you earlier in this article the values of the IB, but I will add a few more like their endorsement of the Earth Charter.
CLAY: Five years ago.
Anyway, because I was a busy little blogger bee this weekend, I just wanted to let everyone know about my reorganization, especially the new press page because I'm so flattered so many wonderful blogs and magazines have featured the blog. I didn't want anyone to think that because the logos were gone from the sidebar, I was no longer appreciative.
Enough for tonight...my pumping is finished and I'm going to try and get some rest. Tomorrow is a big day - three of my best friends are coming to visit and to meet Andrew. We all need to be on our best behavior, and we've warned Andrew of this already! I know their visit will do a lot to rejuvenate me too. I'm looking forward to seeing them all!
Locke wonders if there's something Kate and Sawyer want him to do.
The numerous reasons why an abundant number of establishments decide to use pull up banners in Brisbane runs the gamut. Pull up banners in Brisbane are utilized for an abundant amount of different sorts of events, like tradeshows, seminars, exhibitions, and overall promotion of your establishment. You also have the choice of employing them on your places of business to call more attention to your products and/or services. You can find pull up banners being employed by banks to call attention to newer financial products and/or services for potential customers- an outstanding outreach! Pull up banners in Brisbane can be decided to use for any given reason and can be positioned about anywhere, like the front of homes and malls to any given area out in public.
Back to Katz's. Sitting at a table in the cavernous cafeteria on a Friday or Saturday night affords a reporter a colorful cross-section of New York. There's always a table of older folks. Tourists snapping photos of where Sally enjoyed her sandwich. A table of students from Baruch College, a table of kids from the Baruch Houses. Clubbers dressed to sparkle, sometimes drunk and stumbling. A table of cops from the 7th and 9th precincts. Now, if you love the overnight shift, you probably love observing people. So you love sitting at Katz's for 30 minutes if you can.
Our twist on things is our creative fingerprint, no two are the same, although they may look similar, they have their own delightful curves and impressions – it is what makes our gifts so unique. We, each of us, have our own natural talent. Some of my friends have said they aren’t artistic, they aren’t creative; they do not know how to make anything exceptional. I guarantee them that they do, they simply need to recognize it! I know for a fact that one of them has a keen eye for finding amazing metal junk to repurpose into something else, I will often take her with me on excursions, because she will dig up something from behind and under something else that she got a quick glance of…she amazes me! Perhaps we know (or ARE) someone that is gifted at teaching, or maybe we have a talent for reading stories to children that keep them interested and captivated, maybe an outrageous organizer or a dog whisperer or an amazingly persuasive speaker?
The Rusted Chain is offering a $50 gift card to one of French Country Cottage's readers!!
This story is important because we are the sum of our memories. We ARE the stories and the experiences. If we remember nothing, we are nothing.
There were so many great releases towards the end of 2011, so if you have missed this gem I'll give you a pass. But it's time to catch up! (Ahk-toong Bay-bi) Covered is a tribute to U2's classic Achtung Baby LP from 1991. The original is one of my favorite albums ever, so I was a bit worried about this... but the talent lineup on it is incredible.
5% Munich
Cards left 12 runners stranded.
MA: Neville Thurlbeck! Tabloid award-winning legend! I can't believe I'm interacting with the man who enabled Jeffrey Archer to bring himself down, turned Max Mosley's life into a national peep show and introduced us to the joys of Rebecca Loos. How much have you been offered for your memoirs? Tell me you're writing your memoirs (I know a great agent, by the way).
1 housemaids
It has rained for the better part of a week here. My husband left on a photographic journey yesterday and I'll be eating corn flakes for a week while he's gone (I love corn flakes, it will be a break not to cook). He finished putting up the canopy on the deck so I could sit out there and have my coffee in the morning. I'll move into the gazebo as soon as the floor is stained and the screens are back in.
3. Add asparagus to greens along with goat cheese and candied pecans. Toss. Serve with balsamic vinaigrette on the side.
1317 **D-IV/30(B)/1999. “American Constitutional Law and the Attempted Rescue of Kosovo.” Faculty Workshop, United States Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 523-37.)
Here's the question: Who owns the fish?
1 1/4 cup shredded part skim mozzarella
Have a fantastic weekend!
For being my God
Drawing Paper
one thing i love about this time of year is making delicious soups and stews in my beloved cast iron cookware. it's just such a treat having the right equipment to get the job done so every opportunity i have to use my cast iron makes me happy.
Maggie never expected her employer to be drop-dead handsome, but she's too intrigued by his offer to say no . . . and too eager to escape a life that made her feel trapped. The deal is strictly business, both agree, until Hank turns out to be every fantasy she ever had.
"We have a 4o cup coffee maker to use. We are gettin a room to. Yea!"
So, I'm way behind on my trip, but here goes...This was Saturday at Memphis in May.
I was initially taken back by how small the mics were. However, the SMK4061’s were able to duplicate the pianos natural rich tone better than any mics we’ve tried to date. The close distance to the frame allowed us to capture a full thick bodied mid-range sound. I also noticed that the piano had a nice sharp attack or pop sound with the placement we used.
A very good image quality in its class to come in two colors, black, or silver. If you're after a compact and stylish, to deliver a large picture of the Z1, Fuji is a good choice.
Companies that can quickly implement changes that successfully address employees’ reasons for leaving may be able to increase staff retention while attracting employees from competitors. In the current environment where employee turnover rates can range from 10 percent to 40 percent, improving retention alone can create a competitive advantage for an organisation.
Just a qualifier here, all I did was sew the pieces together. My friend Le did the dirty work of planning and cutting all the pieces. I can't wait to see what the quilt looks like when it's done!
Enough to finish the ancestral unfoldment
Quick post!
what would have rivalled the as yet unbuilt
As I’m sure you’re all aware – the first public GW2 beta is coming up this weekend. It seems as if everyone is excited and the hype train is running full steam. I hope people aren’t disappointed. I will be on Yak’s Bend server for anyone interested – character name will be Sprinks.
These awards highlight the amazing talent in book blogging today.
now it is:
1. Acapulco Gold (Xhol)
The Christmas Letter
To that end, the first recipe I want to share is a re-vamped version of something I have posted before, Mustard Green Pesto with Chicken Meatballs, only this time instead of pasta it is served over Spaghetti Squash.
he was not sure whether this
