*I have never been a fan of the canned pumpkin pie mix so I just got the canned pumpkin and added all the spices listed on the back for the pumpkin pie recipe.
When you stamp, bring the inkpad to the stamp so that you don't get too much ink on your stamp. Check before you stamp onto the fabric to make sure there is no excess ink on the stamp around the shape - if there is, just give it a wee wipe with the tip of your kitchen roll
I think at this point I need to say a thing or two about the cover of the book. First, Love It. I love this cover, it has so much movement, it’s pretty and creepy all at the same time…and is it just me or does it fade in lots of red/little red/lots of red? Just me? *sigh* I stare at computer screens for too much of my day! But, I want to yell at the publishers…”This book is about a boy! Do you know how hard it is to get a guy to pick up a cover like this?!” It’s like 13 Reasons Why all over again. It’s hardest to get boys to read and then we have to stymie a perfectly acceptable boy protagonist with a beautiful dress cover. Yep, this is the world of Librarianship.
Mash the potatoes with the remaining tablespoon of spread. Spoon the lentil mixture into a shallow ovenproof dish. Spread the potato mash on top. Bake uncovered, for 25 minutes. Let the pie stand for 10 minutes before serving.
One night (after I had pushed training to the back burner) the Mr. asked C.A.P if he wanted to take his bath, he of course said yes, but then the Mr. said "Well, to do so you have to use the big boy potty". C.A.P said "Okay" without hesitation and that was that.
Nothing Is Impossible: Session to inspire kids and teens to never give up on their dreams.
This afternoon we witnessed a watershed moment when, for the first-time ever, a US President declared his support for same-sex marriage.
Yesterday's playgroup went pretty well. Matthew barfed on the carpet but the hostess was really cool about it. There were a lot of kids there. Three other infants aged 5-9 months that were all girls, so Matthew had his pick ;-) And there were quite a few preschoolers as well. Turns out one of the ladies there is close friends with Sam's french teacher. Small world. We talked about all things parenting and it was nice. I was the oldest mother there, something I'm noticing all over the place. It feels weird but it is what it is.
We need to get stuck, first, Lehrer proposes. Before the imagination can take new pathways, we may need to really feel we're going nowhere.
What is the best advice an older relative or family member gave you?
The portion sizes of a lot of the dishes here are admittedly quite small. But this is made up for, in my opinion, by the quality of the cooking and ingredients. This is definitely a good place to come to have yakitori.
I felt really well this morning and made a receipe I found off Pinterest. I will be posting more pictures from that adventure soon. I'm excited for this year and what it will bring. I've already got the itch to start on the garden and my next knitting project (hopefullly the boys will cooperate!).
B. acquired Cuba as a slave territory.
You can also check the ratings for all the banks in your city, state, region. For each bank, you can get a report that provides more details as to why the bank has a particular rating.
9. Stepping Stone (White, Argent) 4:40
March first is six weeks away, which provides significant training time to get your smiles in not great but fantastic shape.
Why cannot this – US - be reality instead of imagination; be face-to-face instead of distance; be true love instead of longing; be companionship instead of loneliness.
Take a sip. Ahh. And now you're ready for all the drama.
So, as you can see girls, we have a lot to discuss concerning how we will unveil this latest most excellent dis of those stinky boys!!!! Watcha think?
If I volunteer at the library to teach computers and e-readers, then I will meet a lot of people, a lot of people know this town a lot better than I do, since they know this town better than I they will have information and people that they can refer me to, to get extra work. The extra work will result in extra income and that income will result in less debt and more freedom! Also it will give me an opportunity to act as a salesman without being pushy or obnoxious in any way, simply offer the technology solution that my day job company offers and they will surely take it or just deal with the problem for however long.
Percy found out later that there are two missing objects; Zeus’ lightning rod and Hades’ helm of darkness, which are the reasons Mrs. Doods attacked him. Luke was a thief and a traitor, Ares, god of war, kept the helm of darkness and was forced to give it to Percy after being defeated in a battle…
“I can’t tell you, I have to show you.”
読むかどうか分からないけどホントにありがとうございました、なおちゃん！
Hope you have a special day with whomever you're sweetie is! And even though I said I don't really "get into" this spirit of Valentine's, here's a peek at me and my forever valentine......I love you J.
Brightened up the highlights today. I feel good about this painting again, even though that bowl/dish shape is hanging in some sort of limbo.
If you come from a blended family, or are working on building your own, how do you deal with these pressures?
In the afternoon he was at the hairdresser, as a gift for his grandmother, who has birthday tomorrow.
- a mouthwatering nose with a flavourless palate or vice versa.
Me: "ARE YOU FOR REAL SERIOUS?"
In view of the significant benefit to stakeholders of developing a transparent and harmonized approach to a global classification system for patent documents; in order to make the search process more effective; and in the belief that cooperation between their two offices will facilitate progress in undertaking classification harmonization projects under the IP5 Common Hybrid Classification initiative, the USPTO and the EPO have agreed together to work toward the formation of a partnership to explore the development of a joint classification system based on the European Classification system (ECLA) that will incorporate the best classification practices of the two offices. This system would be aligned with the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) classification standards and the International Patent Classification (IPC) structure. Accordingly, they have initiated discussions on governance and operational aspects of such a partnership.
Just in:
I watched a video today (see link here) of Kayla Weishuhn, a high school sophomore, who talks frankly and incredibly movingly about the crap her brother endured for a month after coming out as gay. Just thinking about the pain in this poor girl’s voice is making me choke up as I write this. My heart goes out to this girl and her family and her poor brother in sympathy and sadness. But my mind races to a place of anger and frustration.
"You can't take it with you".
All of which, I think, is suggesting to me how I should approach my current dilemma.. So - better get on with it!
I can’t stop here, it’s peak traffic!
I’ve been busy the past week-hands on artwork on the Man Who Couldn’t Hear Orange. Making some odd discoveries about the finishing of the background textile area. Serendipitous solutions happening. Will post pix when finished with the oddity section!
There is no objective evidence of the financial effect of red tape, although there are estimates. The British Chamber of Commerce argues that the current raft of health and safety regulations ‘distracts businesses from driving economic growth and creating employment.’
into a serving bowl and serve at once.
One thing Ophelia and I are very aware of is that this is a powerful period of transformation and growth in our lives. It doesn’t have to be, but we choose to let it be that. One of the biggest aspects of this is the shift from life being primarily about ‘Me’ to being about ‘We’ and ‘Us’. This has a profound effect on the decisions we make. I know that I am prepared to do anything for my family, for my wife and child – even things that I would not choose to do if it was only me that I was thinking about, where pride or fear might get in the way.
I run.
On Saturday night I made dinner for Dana and I: roasted cauliflower dressed in ghee, cumin, turmeric and two of our homemade curry spice mixes with mustard seeds. Then kale with goat cheese, hot pepper and a dusting of cumin and curry. For dessert I made biscuits which I planned to use again in the morning for breakfast.
Middle Class Incomes Are Going Down
So where does one start from?
Comprehensive in scope, Karma and Reincarnation covers all facets of our lives and our world, from how karma affects our relationships, careers, and physical health to karma’s power over entire nations.
Her whereabouts is totally unknown as she does not... at this writing... have a blog."
What truly a blessing it is to learn from those who have spent much time at the feet of their Saviour. How much He has taught them, and how much they can share of His love through their lives.
Many ridicule and abuse him,
Despite all the rain this summer, we only had one week where every class pretty much tanked.
"No. This says it can cause dizziness and constipation!"
is uber popular! A rich teal green scattered holo – it goes on smooth as butter (that’s been softened, not out of the fridge which I often struggle to spread on my morning toast!), and with a bit of practice could be a one coater. I’m wearing 2 coats here and the shine is perfection.
I’ve been neglecting the blog lately and neglecting quite a lot of other things too. I don’t want to blog about sad things all the time, but unfortunately these past few months have been full of a lot of sadness for me.
One line in Bruce Feiler’s book Walking the Bible. He mentions a midrash legend about a contest between the mountains in a chapter on looking for Mount Sinai. I was curious (which is how these darn book ideas always start) and asked Rabbi Scott Looper from our local Congregation Or Shalom for help. Rabbi knew the legend “The Contest of the Mountains.” He provided me with translations from Hebrew, and a few additional adult books that had interpretations of its meaning. From that point on it was just a matter of characterizing the mountains, researching a bit about their history/lore/location and writing my way into some interesting word rhythms and patterns.
4. Don’t be afraid to trust your instincts and stand by your convictions. This is a sticky one and a thankless one. This one has earned me more nasty nicknames than I care to admit - Mrs. Right; Mrs. Never Wrong; Mrs. Always Right, etc. I get this thrown in my face more times than I also care to admit. But my husband knows that if I am being particularly stubborn, it perhaps rates a second, third, and maybe a fourth look. Your opinion does count – you do have a voice and you are important. There is another side to this also – knowing when to admit defeat – with grace. A little self-deprecation doesn’t hurt either.
WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE TRIVIA
A: Jo performs psychological autopsies to find out whether a victim's death is suicide, accident, or murder. Her job is to unearth the victim's history, and to piece together a jigsaw of the victim's life into a whole picture that illuminates the circumstances of their death. She asks: Who was this person? What goes on in the human heart? In her job, this is more important than dry stains on a lab slide. Understanding the victim's identity is crucial to uncovering the truth. Learning "Who were they?" allows her to find out how they died. Jo happily calls herself "pure California mutt." She's got Irish, Japanese, and Egyptian ancestry. She loves all aspects of her heritage, even when her family's arguing during Christmas dinner. But of course she's aware that she doesn't look like a 1950s poster for Susie Wonderbread. And in America we're fascinated, for good and ill, by people's ethnicity and heritage. But Jo is the increasingly typical California girl. She's who I see, more and more, when I look at my own family.
It was a Dr. Seuss theme - as you will see. And it was so fun. And my kids are so cute and wonderful and perfect and now ONE! Ugh.
The whippet bounded towards his master carrying one of his widest smiles ever! There may have been a lot going on in his little head but he was still very happy! Besides, whatever it took, he knew that he would see Stella again.
Samuel Adams (The Boston Beer Company) Summer Ale – A staple of New England summers, Samuel Adam’s Summer Ale (an American Wheat Ale, 5.4% ABV) is a great “enjoy all day” beer. Pick up a 12 or get it in their mix pack and enjoy the great taste of summer. Highly recommended if you are enjoying the Master’s in a warm-weather location.
Good luck if you choose to take part in this bit of silliness, and remember it is just a bit of silliness.....
Sadly, some authors (too) think that other people should not have human rights because they somehow different. This can come through either in the text or the author’s remarks.
With all this balance sheet stuff it feels like I'm turning into my accountant brother. Sends a chili down my spine.
Like I loved you, lived you before
David Tennant’s father, the Reverend ‘Sandy’ McDonald, is a Church of Scotland (Presbyterian) minister in Paisley, near Glasgow and was once Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
I missed the Porfirio's truck after I moved on to non-downtown job opportunities, so I was quite chuffed when I recently drove by their practically hidden store front on the east side.
Just as an example, imagine you are up to your ears in debt and you want to make more debt you can’t pay, which seems to be what Barack Obama does best. Okay, so you decide to loan yourself some money so you can spend it. But you don’t have any money to loan yourself because you are broke as a skunk. So you print up the money in your basement. Seems like a good idea right? Until you get caught.
LET OTHER FOLKS KNOW THIS NEWS, THE MEDIA WON’T!
I started reading Wuthering Heights a few years ago. I remember having trouble with the language and finding the story rather boring and uninteresting. Two days ago I gave it another try and haven’t put the book down if I could help it. I didn’t enjoy the read the whole time – The book made me want to scream and rip it to peaces! After having finished it, I have to say I liked that most about it.
I’m pulling out some old photos from my trip to China in 2009, and I’ll show them in sets for each of the city I’ve visited. The first set will be from a side trip to Hangzhou China. This is a really nice vacation city south of Shanghai. The main attraction is West Lake (map) with walking paths and restaurants. The second attraction is a beautiful temple in the mountains called “The peak that flew here from afar”.
For me music has been a way to express all that I cannot. In one way or another it seems to convey the message better than any possible way I could. I have been told I am a basket case (they meant it affectionately) and asked how many people live inside this pretty little blonde head of mine. I say take one look at my spotify playlists and you will see. It ranges from Marilyn Manson to Nina Simone. What I am feeling is very evident by what I am playing. I am notorious for sending people who are close to me a song, if for no other reason than for them to know I am thinking about them. There are probably times they have seen an email from me and thought “really another one?” But I cannot help it its a part of me.
Did you notice my Fa wearing my snow boots? She has her own style. It was also my brother’s and sister-in-law’s anniversary!! It was just an all around good day with the family. I did miss my K who went to the beach with her dad.
A Criminal Observe to Left arm Kids With the education of Espionage
The film opens indicatively enough with some reasonable astronomy followed by some dreadful physics, as scientists in Hawaii apparently shoot giant lasers into space as part of an attempt to contact an alien planet. (What has this got to do with battleships? Good question. Keep reading.) From here we proceed to a bar, where we meet feckless waster Hopper (Kitsch, still in his John Carter haircut). Grindingly unfunny and implausible plot- and character-establishing stuff ensues, as, in an attempt to pick up a girl (Brooklyn Decker), he attempts to burgle a local store to get her a burrito and ends up getting tasered by the cops. His straight-arrow brother is not impressed, announcing that there’s only one option for a lazy, reckless, impulsive goon like Hopper - he’s going to join the US Navy!
Home Buying Tip For Short Sales – A Guide To Understanding Short Sale Foreclosure Real Estate
covered in dust
It's crammed with visual images, mostly about the village. The up-and-down outline of its shape. Crocodiles of infant classes going to the school canteen. The village cats. A lizard, even. The youth of the village assembling behind the bus shelter, revving their bikes. A little old lady dancing - in this instance, trying to do the Gay Gordons without falling over. The time in about 1930 when the church roof fell in during Mass. (No one was hurt. A miracle?) The monsoon-like rain that sometimes soaks us. A love duet for cello and violin, over a plainchant accompaniment, inspired by the Prieuré, the place where it will actually have its first performance. The strong Spanish element in local dances...
On March 14, Bush and Tony Blair gave up on securing enough Security Council votes to invade. Bush told the inspectors to leave so they wouldn’t get in the way of the invasion. Blix and his able crew left under protest, and March 17, Bush gave Saddam 48 hours to leave the country. The invasion commenced.
I followed Kathy's recipe as directed EXCEPT I didn't dress the salad until we had put our helpings on the plate. We then added a Kraft Olive Oil Vinaigrette to each plate as desired.
I only visited one orphanage regularly this past school year as I felt that the doors were finally closed at the other one...the one that had always presented a challenge.
OHHH I have picked my winners btw, I need to purchase the two gift certificates and I'll announce in the next day or two!
Seriously - this summer, if you are in a food rut - try making your own pizza! This was so easy peasy and tasted AMAZING. Plus, it was great to have more than one slice with absolutely no guilt.
Me: Ah okay, salamat po.
Amazing. The worst part of these posters is, of course, that they went out for public consumption. The designers should be grateful - at lest they got out of the mail room.
I got another video of ourselves painting. It turned out great. From it I will show you what I extracted:
I think the BBC should grow a pair, frankly.
I love shooting the moon!
c) A Gown designed by Agnes Finney & named after you!
score his fourth run of the game. Paciorek’s last at bat came leading the off
I am at home now, after class. The kids are tucked in and I am enjoying a glass of wine. So cheers to our futures and to that day I can finally say to my girls, "Thank you for being paitient my sweet ones, now that I have my degree (BA in accounting), and have a good job we can spend even more time together, go on vacations, enroll you in dance or soccer or whatever you want. I love you for waiting and loving me through this. Now who wants some icecream?"
Amber DiPietra works as a resource specialist at the San Francisco LightHouse for the Blind and Visually Impaired. She enjoys tracking the body in real time, thinking about disability as formal innovation, taking P.O.D. (Pigeon-of-the-Day) photos, editing/blog curation for Kelsey Street Press, and publishing the blink zine with co-creator Alexis Brayton. You can find out about more of her projects at: www.adipietra.blogspot.com. Her writing also appears in Make, a Chicago literary magazine, Mirage Period(ical), and Tarpaulin Sky.
State Enterprises can operate within the existing Companies Act or be established by a separate Act of Parliament, as is the case with the HDC. That legal framework ought to ensure that a satisfactory standard of corporate governance and accountability is maintained.
14. This would surely have those 4 tiles that are missing from our vintage Deluxe edition (from when I was a kid) that my parents gave to us last year. I would be so happy to have them all & that little bag is swell too. From SydVintage
Whether or not you agree with Peter Schiff, CEO and chief global strategist of Euro Pacific Capital, one thing is beyond dispute: Those whom we have trusted to fix our economy have failed.
Guy Zinn - Baltimore Terrapins
The conference has beeen great so far, with a really interesting mix of people. The day has been long, but I can say that I was never bored, nor did I feel like my time was being wasted or manipulated. And the weather here has been perfect--warm and sunny with a gentle breeze. So far so good.
Other mothers in the town suggest current financial circumstances have rendered a woman’s reliance on a man as unnecessary.
Updates: The photos below are from YOU! Thank you, lovely readers, for sending photos of your cinnamon roll success using the recipe. I love seeing them and sharing them with everyone else.
You can purchase sumac at most ethnic grocers and spice shops.
project was not a corporate social responsibility project but a
“I can’t!” wails the neighbour (a practised wailer), “We’re paying so much money every week to keep our dogs in kennels, to stop them barking in the day, we can’t afford any more!”
First, I want to state the obvious. I watched the various ending cut scenes both separately and all together at the same time. They are all essentially the same ending with only minor divergences. Someone may be tempted to say that the devil is in the details. Not this time. This is one ending with slight variations in order to mimic variety.
Now on to this week's challenge!!!
1/2 tsp strong brewed coffee
American Justin Gatlin continued his successful return from his ’06 drug suspension breaking the 10 second barrier twice on his way to a second place finish at the National Championships (9.95) – earning himself a ticket to Daegu. Unfortunately injury issues kept him from having an impact in Daegu. Gatlin’s conqueror at Nationals was Walter Dix, who turned his ticket into silver with his runner up to Blake at the World Championships. And Usain Bolt finally found some form post Daegu, to record a world leading 9.76 in his final meet of the year in Brussels.
Anyway, off to deal with the craziness..... have a beautiful weekend friends.
Cover and store the mixture away from the light for about two weeks, shaking several times each day. Strain and store in a tightly capped, clearly labeled dark glass bottle. A standard dose is 10 to 15 drops of the tincture in water, up to three times a day.
Not without several months of cajoling at the very least.
I wonder if she ever got a sign for her place.... a quick google search tells me the place was still open as of last year, but their website sadly appears defunct. Though, I did find this blog post which includes a couple of nice photos (particularly of the menu, which I would love to devour in its entirety). There also seems to be an internet rumour that she and her sister were challenged to a Bobby Flay throwdown, and beat the crap out of him. Awesome.
I just think it’s interesting it seems to be happening more lately.
Poking fun at the competition seems to be prevalent in the South Africa market. The Daily Maverick published an interesting article that covers the historic playfulness of the industry across the Atlantic, called Advertising Spoofs: We Can All Get Along.
It’s been a whirlwind, but it’s over now and the day was a great success! I’ve received a lot of positive feedback and congratulations from others, but I always knew the toughest critic would be myself. I’m still totaling volunteer numbers, receiving photographs, reviewing surveys, and reading project reports; so I hope to only hear more good things! I’ll post a few more blogs on Global Youth Service Day events, projects, and outcomes over the next week!
i am thankful he is the kind of man that asked my parents permission before we all went to charleston and he got down on one knee on a pier over the beautiful atlantic ocean and asked me to be his wife.
We have all had run ins with the green eyed monster. Maybe we didn’t realize it at the time, but trust me, we’ve all been jealous at sometime in our life. As with any negative emotions, jealousy doesn’t hurt anyone but the one feeling it. If you allow yourself to be jealous it will only cause you stress and push the thing, person, circumstance you’re coveting farther away. Jealousy is a prison of emotions. It blocks the free give and take necessary for healthy relationships. It doesn’t just destroy trust in the relationship, but in all the extenuating circumstances surrounding the relationship.
And the best part is that you could totally fill it with anything you want!
Sunday: Trivia Night; 7-9pm, win gift cards
A Non-Porn Sex scene is a DIALOGUE SCENE, even when no word is spoken.
All in all I now have new respect for the slogan ‘Don’t Mess with Texas’ — or at least the weather!
My triumpant return to my second season of adult pick up volleyball… well, most of us were a bit rusty not playing all summer. I noticed my jump had improved, after all I’ve got less weighing me down than before!!! However, it will take time to rebuild accuracy. I’ve always joked that if a ball comes anywhere near me I can promise a hit but the direction afterward is totally a different matter.
As I said before, I don’t think it would be accurate to wholly ascribe to Nietzsche the label of having a superiority complex towards women. His views are better characterizes as hierarchical, placing women in a natural role, which in his unique view actually places her in firm control over the masculine gender (analyzed and critiqued in the paragraphs above). To Nietzsche, woman is most powerful in her “natural state,” and that state is one of deceit and suspicion towards the external world, with no other interest but the propagation of her own image as the ideal of virtue, desirability, and, overall, the symbol of fertility itself. The extent to which Nietzsche’s premise in all of this fails is best demonstrated by the superficiality and paranoia-like generalizations of his argument takes against the supposed superficiality and paranoia of femininity:
Every homeschooler, no matter style or philosophy, will be on the receiving end of this question more than one time. It is a question that can be asked out of genuine interest. It's also a question that can be asked with a tinge of disgust, in which case it becomes the most annoying question in the world. In this instance, I try to smile and be pleasant, give a short and succinct answer, and move about my business. It never helps to be sarcastic (though I have been at times) and it's typically better to be brief (the exception being with a new or potential homeschool parent).
Now this will make traveling easier!!!
I used some Basic Grey .. Out of Print papers. I also used 2 different Ruffly lace, Martha Stewart Border Punch, Handmade lace flower, tiny flowers, Maya Road Stick Pins and a big flower embellishment in he center of the flower.
Intellectual Property, Pharmaceuticals And Public Health: Access to Drugs in Developing Countries
The film is directed by the Coen Brothers, and I have to say, looking at the film as a western-drama, it's nearly flawless.
8) Social Clicks - Measure the number of clicks you receive for the links you’re posting in your social media updates. This is a good way to gauge how interesting your network finds your content, how well it’s positioned, and how engaged your audience is.
bye bye
The scripts should be original, not episodes of existing drama series.
then, Mark Coker, who’s been outspoken about Amazon Select and who recently had to do some quick negotiating with PayPal to allow certain erotica books to be transacted through PayPal on his site, would be a goldmine of information at a romance convention featuring a lot of erotica, romantica and digital-only authors. His session started out promising, with slides-full of brand-new data he’d just collected getting their public debut. Geek heaven! Real data! Sadly, raw data without appropriate context or the right slicing is pretty meaningless.
The pillow was made by my husband's mother for Kayla's 9th birthday.
I was gonna look at you and quip “The lengths I go to just to freaking spend time with you!”
in that dark bloody broken clamor
The fossils, lost for some 165 years, including some collected by Charles Darwin, has been re-discovered in an old dusty cabinet, found by chance in the vaults of the British Geological Survey HQ near Keyworth, UK. They were collected in the 1830s in South America during his five-year voyage on HMS Beagle.
I'm talking here about one of the guys previously dated on one of these dates who, for google's sake, we'll call George (fingers crossed I don't actually meet a George on the rest of these excursions!) It's my fault really that I ended up beginning to fall (we're not talking cliff diving here, just peeking over the edge, getting excited about what's below, and getting ready to strap on a bungee cord) when he clearly wasn't available but gosh darn it if I didn't feel I just had to give it a try! So there were key dates and dinner dates and hudson dates and dinner dates. I got so tripped over my feet thrilled at finding someone passionate about what they do I ignored the heavily punctuated fact that he ended his work tales with "this is why I can't be in a relationship. I'm too busy." I threw away his signs of past heartbreak, his current closed-for-dating-business signs prominently hanging outside himself (they were practically neon for goodness sakes). But still, I'm bummed he couldn't at least have told me over an email, a text, gosh ANYTHING but the radio silence I've received for the past three weeks.
The Demon Hunter is a personal favorite of mine. Simply put, she’s just an all around badass. From dual wielding, to traps, to crazy evasive acrobatics, she has an arsenal of destruction at her disposal. Now I don’t know if it’s just a “girl” thing, but when I play RPGs I typically stick to playing archer/ranged characters. Whenever I see a ranged character, I am immediately inclined to choose that role. Some may consider them to be a bit “squishy”, which I would agree in some cases, but this is just my preference of course. In the Diablo III beta however, I didn’t think my character was weak at all! As I have said, she is a badass! I was mowing monsters down left and right, setting up traps, slowing them and then completely unloading on them. I could hardly be touched! Now I will say that if you find yourself playing this character, which I suggest you try your hand at them all, a heads up with her evasive back flips, as they can get you into a precarious situation if you do not pay attention to where you are going which is very easy to do when you are being surrounded by the enemy.
It was a good start with Carroll making a nice run into the box before checking back to set up Spearing who should have done better with his skied shot. Everton replied with a Baines free kick onto the roof of the net after Agger had felled Jelavic. Later Skrtel had a decent shot on target after we had fluffed a free kick. Jelavic then had an over head kick that Jones collected easily.
Store it at room temperature and away from excess heat and moisture (not in the bathroom) in an airtight container. Store Aspirin suppositories in a cool place or in a refrigerator. Throw away any medication that is outdated or no longer needed and any tablets that have a strong vinegar smell.
Katnotes
Sofitel Los Angeles
Kindest regards, and I look forward to reading more of your poems!
I love Maria´s cooking.
Establishing themselves in the 60’s and 70’s, the cha chaan tengs really expressed that period’s exuberant and kitschy ideas of interior decor – but many of them seem to have clung on to it even today. They have American-diner style coloured plastic booths. There are extravagant plastic clocks and lighting fixtures, mirrors and mosaics stretching over the walls, and bold primary colours abound.
If you prefer a “middle of the market” home design, this probably doesn’t make much sense to you.
Blogs.
“I’m a very different person than I was in high school. I’m glad I learned as much as I did during those high school years … but I can tell you I’m quite a different guy now,” Romney said’.
He motioned to my chair, and I sat. “I haven’t heard from you.”
Can also refer to something that was really easy. El curso fue una boludez. Saqué un 10. The course was a joke, I got a 10.
“How do you know?”
kalau nak ikutkan definition 'muslimah', it means a muslim woman. regardless of the person being a hijaber or not, a muslim woman is a muslim woman.
We have a set of characters, briefly drawn yet fully realized, with whom we can identify and sympathize, and some bully-like antagonists that are easy to hate, but none of the characters come off as cardboard cutouts.
The titel on the front is made using scrabble letters (the word "challenges" didn´t fit) and placed some embellishments around my image. The ticket stamp is by Autumn Leaves.
I am certain you have received the notes of the meeting held this week in the Castle regarding the current structure of politics within the City of Dee. While I’m certain the information is factual, it is probably biased and I would like to state a few of my own observations.
The Press Democrat reports, "They were greeted and fed, over-the-top generously, by Fieri, the Midas-touch superstar who was a flicker in the galaxy of Sonoma County restaurateurs until he followed a whim to enter the Next Food Network Star competition in 2005." The three culinary travelers were served garlic onion tortilla soup, Johnny Garlic's Caesar salad, coconut shrimp, Ahi Won Tacos and cajun chicken fettuccine.
Location: Main Street USA Disneyland, upon entering Disneyland you will be walking up Main Street towards the iconic Sleeping Beauty Castle. Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe is on your left, near the entrance to Adventureland.
It’s really more about telling the story, getting the characters right, considering how they relate to each other. That’s what makes creating a thriller exciting and powerful. At the same time, I myself did feel challenged at some points in the writing, and sad when some characters suffered or didn’t
As your settling in for Christmas dinner the Orlando Magic will be taking on the Oklahoma City Thunder in Oklahoma City. Dwight Howard is still a member of the Magic despite trade rumors that had him linked to the Nets, Lakers and Bulls. Howard will lead a group which no longer features Gilbert Arenas as he was one of the NBA’s victims of the amnesty clause. It seems like it will only be a matter of time until Howard moves on to another team as he is still asserting that he wants a trade.
Q & A
Well, you can read the full version of this tale over at millipedeengine.com, but, in a nutshell, Honey and I were early teenage friends and did make music together on and off over the years, including as an early incarnation of The Millipede Engine. In fact, we got as far as test pressings of Angry Aeroplanes/Skyscraper (both re-recorded for Bye Bye... We're Melting) and we had artwork for the cover depicting all manner of aircraft buzzing around a couple of skyscrapers in the style of Gilbert and George's Flying Underpants painting...can't remember if that's the correct title.
Since I never seem to have enough online presence lately, I looked into registering my name as an idea for my online store, which has been way too long in the making. A smart person would have done this BEFORE the holidays.
We have at last finished decorating our kitchen. It seems to have taken us about three weeks whereas the first time that we decorated it, we seemed to get it done in about three days. When you decorate some rooms you can shut the door on them at the end of the day and forget about them, but you can not do that with a kitchen. It became a drag having to be constantly removing the clutter from the kitchen so that we could get on with the painting. So I decided that I would concentrate on the decorating and then the much needed cleaning. I have now cleaned everything that can be seen which just leaves the inside of the cupboards and the ovens - grhh!
Hey everyone! I had such nice ladies come to my canvas class tonight and it just reminded me how much I enjoy this turn my life has taken. So on to the next one!
Some colorants need to be infused. Some can be added at trace. In the photo above, (a different recipe), olive oil had been infused with the colorant in a small crockpot for a couple hours. Then I let it sit overnight before putting it in a cheesecloth-lined strainer, trying to keep as much particulate out as possible.
Time for the tofu to join the party. Cut the tofu into 2.5cm/1" cubes and tumble them merrily through the marinade. Leave it for 15 minutes.
Cook on a low heat (or even transfer to the oven- just make sure its in there a while!) for the duration of the chicken's cooking time, making sure to stir a little (and taste a little, adding this and that) regularly.
The problems with mass lay-offs off state employees meant to regulate an industry are two sided: 1.) there are no longer enough employees around to the job, and 2.) Many of the employees laid off may be at a loss to do anything other than to go to work for the industry and appear against the state (state ethics rules may be an obstacle they try to get around). In Pennsylvania the fracking industry has been siphoning away senior environmental officials even as those official do their clean water reviews.
or soft buns
Mary McLeod was born in 1875 to Samuel and Patsy McLeod on a small cotton and rice farm in South Carolina. Her parents were former slaves and she was one in a very large family. She worked on the farm as a young child, but was always ambitious. Eventually, she was able to go to a small mission school in Mayesville, SC. Then with scholarship assistance she continued her education at Scotia Seminary in Concord, NC and Moody Bible College in Chicago.
It’s a daily struggle for my unit leader to NOT call me Cassie. Bless his heart. But he tries, so I forgive him whenever a “Cassie” slips out.
If any POW from any war were in such a camp, he’d likely have endured cruelly inhumane, freezing conditions akin to what Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn described in his short, compelling, brilliantly evocative “A Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich”. Still, these North Korean prisoner-workers were faring well enough.
But I admire those that can. It would be a lot easier if I could just pop around and write this scene here or that scene there. But I think my mind would implode. Especially since I’m doing a mystery. When your character is right in the middle of their investigation, writing different scenes can be super confusing.
My love for reading and literature grew exponentially after that class and someday, I hope to be able to tell my high school teacher how much she taught me. The Norton anthology books, the short fiction anthologies, the philosophy books I received from her sit on my side table next to my bed and every few nights, I still read from them. It is these pieces and the meaning they hold for me that re-inspires me and cultivates my soul. Poems and essays that made little sense to me in high school seemed to be illuminated with a new meaning and I understand what I didn’t understand before. It is such a comforting feeling.
In a sense, May's hands are tied because of the prevalent (but absurd) political doctrine that once you set up an "independent" inquiry into something you have to do whatever the inquiry recommends - or, at least, that it's politically dangerous to go against the suggestions of the inquiry, even when (as here) the inquiry's recommendations are abysmal. Indeed, the Evening Standard notes that "ministers acknowledge that they will have to take a few hits politically because of the decision, but that they feel bound to accept the former judge's verdict because of the detailed way in which he conducted his analysis of the law."
Mommy has been feeling much better lately! I think I really lucked out because I thought for a while I had symphysis pubic dysfunction, which only gets worse throughout pregnancy until delivery but I think I had just somehow really super strained my ligaments and such because it doesn't hurt near as badly anymore to move. Although it still isn't the best feeling rolling over in bed or getting dressed, I'm not almost in tears when doing it like I was before. I've gained plenty of weight this pregnancy... I'm pretty sure I'm going to surpass the recommended 25-35 pounds since I've already gained 29.... geez that sounds like so much!! As long as Jax is healthy then I'm okay with that weight gain.
“You want poor people to die from lack of health care because they can’t pay for it.”
Gray painted walls with white trim and then adorable mod birch tree decals.
When we drink, we get drunk. When we get drunk, we fall asleep. When we fall asleep, we commit no sin. When we commit no sin, we go to heaven. So, let's all get drunk and go to heaven!
Norton plays Derek Vinyard, the older brother to Daniel, played by the just as troubled in real life as his character here Edward furlong. Derek and daniel’s father was a firefighter killed by a black drug dealer when he was battling a blaze in south Central Los Angeles. His father’s murder compels Derek to join the skinhead movement, for which he fully immerses himself. He hates blacks and immigrants of all races, and justifies his racism by rationalizing they are all prone to criminal behavior and mooching off the wealth of whites.
movements in a grand peroration that should end this work
I DO need to know some more things: what do you use for a diaper pail? Do you wash them in a bag or just throw them in the washer? What liners do you prefer? Any help/comments/etc would be helpful!
Better language: “Catch the ball!”* *
You’ve written books for Cobblestone Press in the past and now you’ve turned your hand to self publishing (we’re going to talk a little about what you write in a minute). How do the two experiences compare from an author’s perspective?
The tubs, each of which holds 22 litres of compost, needed several washes and a good scrub - in fact there are still 5 that will need to be re-visited during the week. Then I will give them all a good final scrub with a solution of Jeyes Fluid to kill off any nasties.
14. Dwarf Green/Blue Shurbs on right side.
Shoot yourself? You have no bullets.
-Foundation spreads and blends easily without much effort
‘Now there’s a strange thing for ye. What was his name, Father?’
Green chillies – 8, medium size and medium hot, finely chopped
Thanksgiving post comin' at you a bit late.
My sister nicknamed my mum the Colonialist-she worked everyone around her hard: us, those in her employ, and most of all herself.
Oh and on a last note, I really hope that I haven’t offended others by what I said and if it seems like I’m belittling your feelings, this is not my intention and I’m sorry. I don’t know all your stories or pain, but I’m sure there is a lot of it. I do not claim to be an expert on anything but my own experiences and I would like to hear yours as well.
Congratulations also go to the seventeen writers given Honorary Mentions.
We told her that story and how we had traveled to Seattle to see the "experts," to discuss whether or not there are cases similar to hers, and to talk about the possibility of her walking. She was kind and started talking with us as she examined Olivia. As we discussed our mystery girl, she stated that she was noticing the same signs of CP, like others have. The spasticity, the clonus, increased tone, the reaction to botox, the obvious brain differences apparent with Olivia's autism. Then she explained how surgery for patients who have spasticity may not make a lasting difference because of the high risk that the muscles and tendons will contract again. She said that if the nerve bundle is also contracted, they would not be able to lengthen that, so any lengthening of the tendons would be a moot point.
What can you tell us about yourself?
I’m JB, saying bring it, iCarly. Or you can start referencing us on your show as Champeens of Da Woild, by default, o’ course. Or, you could just say, bock bock…chickens.
Just take my way that’s the highway that’s the best,
Kaur, Jaskaran. (2002). A Judicial Blackout: Judicial Impunity for Disappearances in Punjab, India. Harvard Human Rights Journal, (Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard Law School, Spr 2002, Vol 15), p. 269-300
This greeting is probably for the blog, but in a query letter, you should address only one agent.
4. Romeo And Juliet / How Insensitive (Insensatez)
“These bloody days have broken my heart,
1/2 cup (0.118L) of fresh lime juice
Friday was Last Bell, a sort of closing ceremony for all of school. The band plays, teachers get lots of flowers, the students sing, and some of the 11th Formers asked teachers to do a Last Bell dance. I gladly participated, enjoyed all of the festivites. I even have 6 bouquets of flowers to show for it!
This article will help you understand what the court system really is, and how you can shove a metaphorical spanner in their works. I’ve decided that the best way to focus the subject is upon the daily penalties which we, try as we might, all fall foul of.
Jon Keith
On top of that, it can boot the 2.5 firmware from the memory stick, allowing usage of all the 2.5 advantages, such as the web browser and enhanced video playback.
Charles Garcia F 6’10″ 230 Seattle Pacific University
With its rapid expansion, its exploitative methods, its desperate competition, and its peremptory rejection of failure, post-bellum America was like a vast human caricature of the Darwinian struggle for existence and survival of the fittest. Successful business entrepreneurs apparently have accepted almost by instinct the Darwinian terminology which seemed to portray the conditions of their existence.
and conversion carpets
Do I even need to talk about how the legal process is being abused to target the opposition? We have many archaic laws that are being used against the opposition. Government supporters can get away with murder, sometimes literally as well. But the opposition supporters face all sorts of investigations and indictments, even key leaders from the opposition.
Actually pain really isn’t a funny thing because i’m not laughing. Quite the opposite.
I would step aside for my beloved sister as well. (1)
Over the coming months in EDITIONS I will attempt to do something quite differ­ent. To fully appreciate the importance of small magazines and publishing, one has to look beyond the established magazines to the diversity that exists across the whole range of literary and cultural publishing. So while I will be following the creative and critical writing appearing in the major jour­nals, I will also be searching out the innova­tive, outrageous or merely interesting among the smaller, and often more vibrant, magazines. At the same time I intend to highlight the politics of small press publish­ing and to look back at some of the more influential literary magazines of the past twenty years in an attempt to understand the context in which contemporary maga­zines are operating today.
And if you don’t know who Bill Brown is … you better ask somebody!
By this time in the process, I didn't have great expectations. In fact, Tuesday morning, I was nauseous and only remembered to breathe when I noticed I was turning blue. During my sleepless Monday night, I imagined the following things:
In the absence of such catalysts, it will be from within the suffering groups, whether masses or minorities that solutions will emerge conceived in their minds, fought for by their arms and won by their sweat.
I have always loved vampires and I LOVED romance novels so, when Twilight, yes Twilight exploded on the market making the genre popular I jumped right on it! After reading good indie books in the genre, I said to myself I could do this! I don’t however want to limit myself to just this genre I want to explore other genre’s like mysteries and maybe children’s books one day.
I know I didn't detail much, but read carefully and ponder Christ invitation to make life easier through Him.
Have you ever heard the call of the wild ?
Right on, ladies.
The only true stand by is Stevia and some people don’t like the bitter back taste. But the only other option I can think of is Xylitol and the jury is out there too. Here’s a link to Dr. Mercola’s site about it being toxic to animals. If it’s toxic to animals, it makes me wonder about human consumption but I will continue to look for more info on the subject.
He chops wood and builds fires for me...
You can also make this with chicken, potatoes,broccoli and cheese.
These cookies are so great, I always have success making oaty cookies and these were no exception. They have tons of flavour, lots of crunch from hazelnuts and that amazing peanut butter filling. I used a touch less sugar in both the cookie mixture (2/3 cup) and added icing sugar to taste, I don't like cookies too sweet as I like to taste the rest of the ingredients.
"Why, just before we get on the train."
A while ago I was lucky enough to be able to scan some older photos from my mums stash. The photo I used was one of these, had to laugh at the dorky hats my sister and I are wearing. My mum always made us wear hats when we were little and yes that is a rabbit I am holding, it was my pet.
Who was your favorite?
LEANING OUT
Margrethe wraps varying numbers of the tiara's pieces around her signature updo, and sometimes she stands the center piece up on top when using all three. Adding or subtracting pieces allows her to customize the grandness, if you will, of her appearance to the occasion at her own whim: more pieces is great for a very formal event, while fewer pieces are well-suited to a black tie celebration (though she certainly doesn't stick to any set rule). She and her hairdresser have fun with it; it's the perfect toy for a creative queen.
Look at that wind blown hair!There was a sand bar out a little ways from the shore and E thought she was so brave making her way out to it. Then when she got to the sand bar the water came just to the top of her thighs. She felt so big going out there herself, but it kind of scared me a little because it was kind of far out there.
my life is but a mist, i’m but a grain of sand
"Batteries on your car are hot all the time," Boyd said. "They carry 12 volt, 12 volt system on most vehicles and if something shorts out, yes it will cause a fire."
When mainstream publishers wouldn't touch James Joyce's Ulysses, Sylvia Beach bankrolled its publication. Although the novel didn't make her any money, it did add luster to the legendary bookstore. A biography of James Joyce graces one of the window displays and is one of many reminders of the bookstore's rich history.
I'll be back early next week with lots of pics!
the beauty of adoration once so lithe, guileless, sincere
[8] Billy bookcase from Ikea. I'm torn between the Billy and the Expedit... I may end up with both depending on what will fit. either way, this kid needs a bookcase and it shall be one of the two. I feel like the Billy has more storage space, so that's why I chose it for the board.
Oh and there was the whole of the beach front to explore or just lie down on on a sun lounger whilst someone came and brought you a bucket of water on ice and Pacifico beer. If you wanted a snack, they'd bring you that too. Or you could swim up to the poolside bar and order a margarita.
Step 2 - Share 7 random things about yourself
Unlike traditional Yakuza games, Yakuza Of The End replaced the criminal violence with zombie slaying violence as the undead swarm Kamurocho in Tokyo.
1. Grand Entrance, 2003
Of course, it was great to see other family members too. My sister and nephew came down, and we had a great time together. Before they came, we went to Williamsburg and wandered the colonial streets. We went to Jamestown, but lacked the energy to fully explore the ruins (good to save some investigations for later). My dad told us all sorts of colonial details he's picked up from living in the area and reading some key books. Great fun. It was a very full 5 days.
There is also a delicious Choices Choc Orange flavour available, so no matter what your dietary needs, you don’t have to avoid your favourite flavours!
August 4, 2009. I’m well inside Yosemite somewhere between White Wolf and Porcupine Flat campgrounds. I park in a turnout to take a lunch break among the granite, pines and aspens. As always, I can’t resist my boyish urge to throw rocks at defenseless trees. I don’t believe this will send me straight to hell when I die, but it might add a day or two to my stay in purgatory. Unless, of course, humankind, in our arrogance, has the concept of God, the universe and the afterlife wrong. Given man’s track record, this is likely. For all I know, God is an oak tree the size of Jupiter. If that’s the case, then my eternal soul is screwed and will be summarily dropkicked across the galaxy to the cheers of all the trees I ever hit. Or I might just be brought back as an urban tree or shrub for poodles and chihuahuas to pee on.
Services And subscribers (as end of 2011)
Pluck grapes from stems, wash & dry and scoop into 9 snack size bags.
giving baths. i can smell your neck when i
On the other hand, there is plenty of anti-capitalism, opposition to free trade, commitments to "use all non-destructive means to reduce income inequality", to institute worker ownership, to favour workers' co-operatives, to return parts of the railways to state ownership, to nationalise the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and to withdraw from NATO. That sounds pretty Left-wing to me.
Blind Tiger Brewery Java Porter
In reality, some people also practice polygamy. Take Stanley Ho, “The King of Gambling” for example. He, too, has four wives.
Nevertheless, since the treatment varies with each of the processes, it is necessary to identify them individually. As mentioned above, where this cannot be done on the basis of history and examination, it may be valuable to use a short course of systemic steroids so that the initial characteristic changes can be identified as they recur.
For a more sensible, and altogether better, review of Psychomania please see Steve Miller’s marvellous blog Terror Titans.
Maybe it’s a special person. A grandson that hugs you with his whole being on legs that never seem to stop running. A friend made long ago, separated now by years and distance, that you can start up with again right where you left off years ago. Maybe that spot of sunshine is someone who can make you laugh and giggle, no matter the situation.
People get themselves into a frenzy just by her looks, and to make their jaws drop even more, she dresses so glamorously chic, that it makes the girls and guys go wild! She has a perfect hour glass figure which makes her look amazing in dresses, maxi’s and long gowns and she also has the big eyes and lashes, the thin nose, the perfect lips, and basically the whole package, with a whole lot of fashion sense!
For example: after being conservative, even anti-revolutionary, during the 19th and early 20th centuries, the Roman Popes have now come close to joining the revolution, as Dostoyevsky predicted they would in the 19th century. Roman Catholicism has become a great worldly institution preaching the same chiliasm as the representatives of the U.N. Pope Paul VI’s visit to the U.N. in New York in 1965 reveals this clearly. He was given a hero’s welcome in New York by the American people, mostly non-Catholics, precisely because he is seen as the most eminent religious figure who preaches the chiliast dream which is now so strong in the air. In his speech at the U.N., the Pope justified these expectations, and called on the U.N. to bring about the prophecies of Holy Scripture concerning when swords will be turned into plowshares and the lion will down with the lamb – in a millennial kingdom on earth.
And the prejudice and hatred haven't stopped either. So the Travellers are forced into ways of life that are not what once were theirs yet still must endure hatred for being who they are. Some of you may have watched last week's BBC Panorama about the evictions at Dale Farm, where you'll have glimpsed the horrifically nasty flavour of the opinions of the uninformed and fearful opponents of the site. The programme was thankfully quite balanced in its observation of the people and the evictions, but it was almost unbearable to watch. Though the number of supporters who travelled to the site from all over the UK to chain themselves to railings and battle the riot police (who were sent in in place of bailiffs) was heartening, and the genuine warmth and gratitude expressed by the Travellers towards them was wonderful to witness.
Before your debut crime novel, what else had you written (if anything) unpublished manuscripts, short stories, articles?
that these brothers lied to you JACK!”
Gradually, Wei’s incredulity turned to anger. Not only did these people resist with words, they backed up those words with action … often accompanied by violence. Wei had been briefed that the American people were a violent people. They had more firearms per capita than any other country in the world. Their television shows and movies were filled with fighting and killing. Wei understood these facts before he set foot in America but he had been unable to truly grasp them until his first encounter with organized resistance.
A Green Country family has waited nearly four decades for justice. Michael Selsor was given a death sentence for murdering Clayton Chandler in 1975. Selsor’s execution is next week.
Stress, in any form, is a constant part of life. Our bodies are tested on a daily basis. Whether being exposed to an under-the-weather co-worker, having your butt kicked in spinning class, arguing with your spouse, being laid-off from work, or consuming foods riddled with toxic chemicals, it’s never-ending. Carrying the burden of stress, the anticipation of it, or even someone elses, can have a huge impact on your body and mind. I learned that the hard way when I threw my lower back out the weekend before my busiest week at work (last week).
The robin is not chirping cheerily of cheeriness,
I got off the phone with 911 and began to shake. Shock had finally set in. My wife headed to the front of the house with the baby and the phone, calling our families and to wait for the ambulance. I remember watching the football game from the wood floor as I waited. It was Monday night football and the Rams were playing. No idea who won, but it was probably the Rams. They were pretty good back then. Greatest Show on Turf and all that.
But last – and by no means least – what of Paul’s apparently incontrovertible statement at Romans 1 where “females changed the natural use of themselves into one contrary to nature and likewise even the males left the natural use of the female and became violently inflamed in their lust towards one another”?
Although I am feeling a little spaced out now, the headache of 18 hours has finally gone and I no longer feel sick.
That being said - if you're reading this via my page and not google reader - what do you think? Is the new design too much? I'm still messing with parts of it, and I'm not sure it's quite the right shade of orange for my taste. I was thinking maybe I'd go with a turquoise. After all Pantone did rave that PMS 15-5519 aka the perfect shade of turquoise, was THE color of 2010.
Ylang-Ylang
When we got off of the plane inFresno, my daughter’s first comment was that I didn’t look so good. I just had to smile. I knew that I was not in the best of condition, but oh, it could have been so much worse. God had given me two miracles! And He had reminded me that I need to be more thankful for all of His daily blessings that I tend to take for granted. He truly revealed His love and care for me.
Quite coincidentally, I am being interviewed on my publisher’s blog today about this very book. If you’d like to know more about the novel and its cast of entertaining characters, please click here: Interview With Pat Bertram, Author of “Daughter Am I”
It may be that you do God’s will in the way that he desires, but instead of doing it for his glory you do it for the recognition you will receive in acting out this biblical façade. Other Christians can’t see our hearts so we can very easily conform to an outward Christ-likeness that we know will receive respect from those who love the Lord.
Here we are. It's almost 2:00 in the afternoon, the day before my little brother enters the Missionary Training Center in Provo. My mom has had a Diet Pepsi attached to her hand all day and we've all been on the verge of tears. Adam has been busy today, out to breakfast with a friend and then lunch with another. Last night my dad gave him a blessing and it was wonderful. The tears were flowing by the time it was over. Adam has held his emotions together this whole time, but I think tomorrow may be a different story. But he's so ready to leave. He feels like there's something more he needs to be doing in his life right now and a mission is one of those things. He's excited to go out and make a difference and see a few koalas and kangaroos in the process. He's such a friendly guy and we've always been so impressed with how many different kinds of friends he has. It was fun to see such a variety of people at his farewell and luncheon on Sunday.
The court system is an integral part of our government. Open and accessible courts are the cornerstone of a free society. In the courts our rights are protect, our injuries redressed and our disputes resolved. However, recent budget cuts at the state and local level have compromised the courts’ ability to function effectively and keep the wheels of justice turning.
He had the instincts of a collector. Quite early in his career he had mapped out a province for his own, beyond the borders of which he seldom trespassed. It was a happy chance that first turned the attention of Athelstan Digby to the old Dutch and Flemish masters. Like their first patrons, men of Haarlem, Delft, and Amsterdam, he was an honest merchant, well content with the homely scenes of everyday life. He, too, was proud of his city and his counting house, as they had been of theirs and the ships that traded with the Indies; proud, too, of his stout friends, the aldermen; fond, like them, of stiff old-fashioned flowers, that grew in gardens strait-laced with box-trimmed paths. Athelstan Digby was too honest to let bad workmanship escape him. He made his mistakes, of course; but each time that he made one, being a Yorkshireman, he took care to profit by it.
Disclosure: I will be receiving tickets to review the show. No other compensation was received for this post/giveaway. All opinions expressed are my own.
Like I said before, director Ho's greatest achievement as a director is to go out and add to films that have already been made or, even better, films that have been only partially made and then never released for public consumption. But does doing all that then releasing the thing under your name really made you a full-fledged film director? I guess in the same way Bill Rebane is named the director of Monster A Go-Go (another review for another time), but at least Rebane never bothered to envision ninjas in his film.
"I know what you did"
Your scholarship makes us extremely proud, but even more so, your sense of responsibility, leadership and citizenship.
Even from the photo you can see that this layered brownie-like slice is seriously moist and dense. The bottom layer is made of a rather simple chocolate base and then it is topped with a caramel nutty sauce. The result is one very addictive slice..
Very few people today are concerned with understanding the problems associated with race, in fact the ‘broad-minded’ consensus is that we are ALL EQUAL, irrespective of skin colour. Professor Rushton’s assumptions, based on extensive scientific research, does not suggest that the overall characteristics of one specific race is superior to another race, but it does reveal that life-history evolution is still in progress, and that there are major differences between the races. Why are we then ignoring this conclusive evidence, and why are we not using the data for the benefit of all mankind?
Doesn't this patterned wall look great? I can't believe how chic stenciling is looking these days. If you've got a stenciling project in mind, this might be your lucky day, because Royal Design Studio is giving away one of their stencils valued at up to $50!
Being a Mommy is an amazing gift and privilege.
The TAG Heuer is a distinguished watch, and its history reflects the ongoing creativity and ingenuity of the brand. It is not inexpensive and it shouldn’t be.
Someone asked me yesterday if I had decided to quit blogging. Whoops. It certainly looks like it, but there have been several factors that just prohibited me from updating. Two being...
Last Thursday, one of our new students, who has been stuggling to write her name and who is clueless as far as any English(spoken or written)had a real "light-bulb" moment. Actually, I think it was more than that. I think it was a "God moment." Our student met a volunteer who was actually speaking to her, in a language that they both could understand.
What you see now, is me in clothes, and I am beginning to like the way I look in clothes again. But I want to like what I see without my clothes, and that is why what you think doesn’t match what my thinking is.
Whisk together the flour, nuts, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
To encourage high qualified young female musicians BuJazzO has put a focus on women as conductors and instructors, starting with pianist Maria Baptist, composer/arranger and professor at the Berlin Music Conservatory ‘Hanns Eisler’. She has been conducting the 47th working phase of BuJazzO in March 2011.
There's an interesting link in this morning's Brownstoner (courtesy of a New York Post story) about crime rates in Brooklyn for the first half of 2007. Murder rates in the Brooklyn North borough command area are up 34 percent, with a chunk of that coming in places like Bushwick; even in the tonier areas of BN (i.e. Brooklyn Heights), robbery, assault, and grand larceny have spiked. Brooklyn South, which includes PLG, has seen an overall decline.
The perfect comedic timing of art and text is a large part of what makes this so funny. As they encounter various animals, Beep's optimistic approach to their baas and clucks will spark off endless giggles as they contrast with the sometimes unexpected events.
CNSNews.com) – A top Muslim Brotherhood official has warned that any cuts in U.S. aid to Egypt could affect Cairo’s peace treaty with Israel – the latest sign that Egypt’s emerging political forces intend to call Washington’s bluff over the diplomatic dispute triggered by a crackdown on non-governmental organizations.
I am so sad tonight. We lost my "ex-brother-in-law". He was a really great guy. Our boys loved him. They still play with the Lincoln Logs that Uncle Justin and Aunt Christy got Ethan for one of his birthdays. He was quiet...stuttered...smart...sweet......just a good guy. My sister sat by him on the bus in high school...every day for a couple of years. She said he was always such a nice person. People would pick on him and be mean to him...I imagine he just took it. Our hearts always broke over some things that he had to endure. And...they broke as we all watched Christy have to make hard choices because of choices he made. He's one of those people you think of often and hope that they will turn around and get back on the right track. Sadly, he didn't. This week his life ended. It's heart breaking. It's a nightmare for someone you cared about to die when you don't know if they ever gave their heart to the Lord. I lost a young cousin to drugs...it was this same feeling. It's gut-wrenching and painful.
The USDA Organic and QAI seals are your assurance that Bigelow Certified 100% Organic Decaffeinated Green Tea has been grown and produced in strict accordance with the Organic Industry’s highest standards. The Bigelow name means this tea has been expertly processed to bring up the tea’s natural, mellow green flavor, then carefully overwrapped in protective fresh packs to seal in its delicate flavor and goodness. So enjoy Bigelow Certified 100% Organic Decaffeinated Green Tea often. It’s great tasting, good for the environment, and good for you, too! Certified Organic by QAI, Inc. Blended and packaged in the U.S.A
‘Chunnie…. I need you…’ Junsu said in his mind. He close his eyes for eternity.
“Clearly, extending the HARP cut-off date allowing for “re-HARPing” could have a great impact on prepayments for certain coupons,” he said. The “re-HARPing” effect may result in worse convexity and lower dollar prices for some MHA and CQ/U6 pools.”
What it is: A very strange, largely plotless, nonlinear memoir that defies summarization.
AK: In fifth grade French class we had to choose a French name for our tests and papers, the name by which we wanted to be called on. I chose Jacqueline, after Jacqueline Kennedy (and I wasn’t alone in those years…). So doing research about the real Jacqueline Kennedy’s French education was a way of coming full circle, of deconstructing my childhood fantasy. France for me was Madeline the school girl, walking in the two straight lines; it was de Gaulle, taller than any world leader in JFK’s funeral cortège; it was the Seurat reproduction that hung in our living room and the coq au vin I made with my friend Priscilla, whose mom, my high school French teacher, had gone on the Smith Junior Year in Paris in the 1930s.
Applications are now available for the two certification classes on Jan. 22 & 23rd at the Anaheim Marriott, across from the CHA Convention. If you need an application please e-mail nancy@copicmarker.com
The young men got up and covered him up, and after carrying him out, they buried him.
So back to the original question of how I get the clothing at a "cheap" price.....understand what we consider "cheap" is always relative to each individual, but I will say I didnt pay full price for all the items I own. I have for some great pieces and will continue to on occasion, but I absolutely have more items than I would otherwise because of their great hostess benefits. Depending on the amount sold at your show, you can get a select number of items at half price and even cash off in some instances! In addition, each consultant sells their sample line at the end of the season (first dibs to hostesses, then attendees) at a significant discount so I have put some items aside for the end of the season before (sort of like layaway!). I've been hosting shows and attending for several years so have built up quite the collection. You'll notice that I've started marking the collection date when I can remember so you all dont think it all came from a recent season. Many items are several years old now but they just build year after year.
What is really sad is that Seau was just 43-years-old who had four children with his ex-wife.
Delivered from the plague of death by the blood of the Passover Lamb, the children of Israel left Egypt. (A symbol of sin) Four hundred and thirty years earlier, seventy people had come into the land of the Pharaoh’s with Jacob, the grandson of Abraham whose name had been changed to Israel. Now they set out from Egypt taking with them all their families and their flocks and herds and the riches of Egypt leaving nothing behind.
Roll hoop
They have created this little slice of utopia - they need to live it it like the rest of us do every day.
It's not just you that's going to pay, either: restaurants and bars will pay more too, and by the time it gets through to you, you're looking at $3-5 more for a bottle of wine, right? For handling. Am I alone in thinking that this would be a good time to tell them to get their damned hands off the booze?
curves back and back
For the fun of it, below is an overlooked commercial Freeman did for Wendy’s while at Dancer Fitzgerald Sample. Take a look and have a laugh at “Russian Fashion Show”:
The book’s premise is actually a bit more stunning than the book itself. Wes Moore, the author, is about to become a Rhodes scholar when he learns of another man named Wes Moore, who is about to be sentenced to life in prison for killing a police officer. At the time, the two Moores live near one another and are about the same age. The author wonders what happened in their lives that sent them on such a dramatically different path.
The Mystical Conch Shell of the Sea has been stolen, and it's up to Selliki, the selkie, to get it back. Selliki sets across the continent of Alethereia to find Arnhem, and Gabrael, the mage she loves. Selliki knows that no union between a selkie and a human have ever had a happy ending, but neither can ignore their feelings. Each night, they experience terrible, real dreams that show how doomed their love is.
We adapted the lines for the front of the invite
in the store. I'm running all of them 20% off through February and the Bundle is 50% off! The mini is free and you can find it in my store by clicking on the preview below.
~ If you see a bottle of Chartreuse in a bar, rest assured that at least a third of it will be consumed by the staff.
Tex Mex CousCous-From Eat Yourself Skinny
- Favorite shows I watch while working overnight.
Duration: 30mn 0s
‘I am convinced that the dietary and culinary expertise in the Nina Cucina program is the final piece of the puzzle for optimal health. The Age and Weight Management Medical Programs at the Age Management Institute are the perfect complement to this program. The modern diet will be cleaner, more organic, and higher in lean protein, and emphasizing the concept of low glycemic cuisine and the incorporation of healthy fats. There is a wealth of information already out there in the form of the Paleo diet, Protein Power, Sugar Busters, The Zone, or The South Beach Diet. The concept of consuming lean protein and a diet higher in carbohydrates from fruits and vegetables has been reiterated many times. What makes Nina Cucina different are Nina’s unique dishes and her dessert items that are not only fabulously delicious, but healthy. I was at a dinner party hosted by Nina where all in attendance agreed that the chocolate mousse was the best everyone had tasted. Nina asked us to guess the ingredients. We were all astounded to learn that it was totally dairy-free and made from mostly vegetarian ingredients! It had 12 grams of fiber and healthy fats! Magnificent! Nina also made me a fantastic, chocolate birthday cake topped with raspberries that was totally gluten and dairy-free – it was out of this world.
The holidays. I have to look at my calendar to remember. Family came together for the celebration in my hometown. My granny surprised me with a visit from West Virginia, my father surprised me as well and I got to spend some time with my grandmother in her majestic home not knowing it would be the last time I’d see her.
“The menu was diverse enough to cater to everyone in our group (including someone who was lactose intolerant & one vegan). The Truffle Pizza had crispy crust, cheese melted to perfection, yummy diced beef, & a great subtle truffle flavor. Not a large pizza (it’s an appetizer after all!), but satisfying and filling.”–Marilyn K.
With that said, I read an article on the Urban Source blog that spoke to the issue of how the educational system has failed the black male for three reasons. Before I continue I want to give credit to the written for this profoundly enlightening piece, which I wanted to add a thought or two and share with you.
I finally had the email I was waiting for…and a second on top. The publisher had requested more chapters from Ignite. No problem. I had a couple that I had worked on since speaking to them last, but they needed a SERIOUS overhaul. The second email is what threw me into a tizzy: they wanted to read the full manuscript for Defiance Rising, which I was in the process of rewriting. AAAHHH!!
He has been such a good teether up until the past week so I hope it passes quickly and I get my smiley, sleep through the night little owlet back.
New on the portal now:
Everyone is concerned with their own self interests. Those on food stamps and social security cannot be expected to vote against their source of income. Those who struggle every day to provide for a growing family cannot be expected to be happy about giving over 30+% of their income. True Christians, however, ought to be distinctly different. They should consider their brother not only with their policies but with their words and actions as well. Overtly attacking the welfare state without addressing how we ought to care for those who have been brought up in the system is not only cold, but it is fruitless. It only heeds is dividing, not restoring.
Eventually when ab crunches on the ball hurt my knee, I felt sad and left with a frown on my face. Bummer.
As the years passed, we experienced good times and bad. We went through a tough spell in Pennsylvania where we were cooped up in the house like bears hibernating in winter, Ginger not quite well enough to keep up with our energy levels many days. So we would bundle up in our snow jackets and mittens, and wait patiently at the bus stop for the trip to the local toy store that we knew would provide us with a rejuvenated spirit and fill up our love tanks just enough to last us until the next visit. Sometimes we would go to the toy store in downtown State College, with the two levels and the train table and the Playmobil station and the Mouse Houses. Often, days at this store also meant a stop at the library for Dr. Seuss or Paper Bag Princess or puppet play; across the street was a coffee shop with the World's Best Hot Cocoa and the freedom to laugh as only children can, with abandon and infectious.
The Lord said there is someone here tonight, he said I will not help you alone I will help your children also.
The Vichy regime had been quick to instigate the antisemitic policies demanded by the Nazis. On 3 October 1940, it adopted a “loi portant statut des Juifs” (a law on the status of Jews), which, among other things, excluded Jews from the professions, confiscated their bicycles and cars, and forbade them from frequenting restaurants, cafes, and museums. But exclusion wasn’t enough. On 14 May 1941, the first raids against Jews were carried out in Paris. More than 3700 men were rounded up and interned at the Pithiviers camp in the Loiret region of France. In August, the first Jews – a total of 4232 – arrived at Drancy after a raid organized by the French police. Conditions were so bad and disease so rampant that in November, 800 of these prisoners – mainly children and the sick – were freed. But such seeming acts of magnanimity were short-lived with the establishment of the Nazi policy of genocide in 1942.
To say this Film was made in 1999 is “literally” true, but in all other ways, it is Timeless.
It is important to them implement and review this timetable frequently so that it can be revised as and when required and also the progress is tracked closely.
My Dad bought this lovely cat, carved from stone, a few years ago for me for Christmas. I love cats!!! It looked so striking in the sunlight the other morning I had to rush and get my camera.....
As the last few paintings have taken me a long time to finish, I decided to do a less detailed piece this time.
What this translates as, is many of the things that you imagine would be annoying, or are with others children, such as changing a diaper (nappy in the UK), or getting drooled on, are no big deal. A diaper can be messy (and at various stages I’ve had some bad ones), but sort it out and five or ten minutes later, it is mostly forgotten about.
All times shown are in Eastern Time.
Girls Lacrosse
I held your tiny body
Feel free to ask!
Born in Vermont, Coolidge rose to political power as a conservative Republican Governor of Massachusetts. Upon becoming President, he tried very hard to be successful at doing very little. Keeping the status quo and the prosperity being enjoyed by a majority of Americans led to his overwhelming victory in the election of 1924. Coolidge spent most of his presidency restoring America's faith in the office after the scandals of the Harding administration and left office with high popularity. "Silent Cal," as he was known, was amenable to a variety of "publicity stunts," allowing himself to be photographed in Indian headdresses and inviting groups to visit with him at the White House.
What’s the median amount of time respondents spend on memes?
The LDS Church also supplied smaller Utah membership numbers to the state — figures government officials use for planning. Its report pegged U.S. Mormon growth at 45.5 percent, jumping from 4,224,026 in 2000 to 6,144,582 in 2010. The 2000 figure, though, was much lower than the 5,208,827 listed in the LDS Church's almanac. If researchers had been given that figure, the percentage of growth would have been considerably smaller, closer to 18 percent.
AND what a surprise this wonderful theatre was...and WHY I've never been before I really can't think...
It's a nice, clean beer that's very easy to drink. A crisp floral aroma is what you notice first. The taste is lighter with a slight hint of hops, spice, citrus, and malt. I wouldn't call it a medium feel, but it's almost there.
The following responses, updated periodically, are in answer to state senator Tammy Irons' remark published 5/12/12: Several weeks ago, I was told by a member of the reapportionment committee* that they would draw me a great district to be elected as a Republican.
This time tho i didnt see my fiance, i seen him that man and i pulled bac and jumped out the car and got a taxi home.
In doing some research, I discovered that Talking It Over has been adapted for the stage and it would be a play I would definitely make a point of seeing.
S:my friends and my family teach me good
Also, I need to start growing my Chipper and Murph collections-offer me what you got for now; I will try to get a good wantlist up for those.
shall call her Sketchy bitch (play to the tune of Sexy Bitch)
“Many have left and party branches and divisions closed. The recent party elections demonstrated how in disarray the party has become.
May started off with Volleyball Regionals. It's been an interesting season. She played on the 16 Black team which meant the ages of the girls on the team were 16 and under. Heather was one of the younger girls on the team. Most of them were Sophomore and played JV and Varsity at their schools. The coach was rather soft spoken and had only coached boys before which is literally a whole different ball game. Some of the more aggressive girls figured out pretty early on that they were really in charge, and the coaches spent the rest of the season trying to reclaim their place. Sigh. Oh well. Heather improved and it was a great experience to play in a higher level of competition.
Our first taco night didn't stray too far from the traditional taco. Inspired by two Marthas, I made cumin-scented refried black beans a la Martha Rose Schulman and a cilantro-lime salsa loosely based on a recipe by Martha Stewart. I filled white corn tortillas with the refried black beans, avocado and radish dressed in lemon juice and tossed with shallots, crumbled queso fresco and finished with a cilantro-lime salsa.
Anyway, it was a tough time for me. One day I ended up picking up an old book and devoured it. On hubby's day off of work, I went to Barnes and Noble and picked up a few more. I devoured those as well. They kept me company when I needed it. I met friends in my books. Characters who reminded me of my old friends. who were like people I'd never met before. I laughed. I got giddy over sweet romances. Reading pulled me out of a dark time. It helped me adjust to a new life when I needed it.
I found an ad and lucky me they had one left.
The Dark Days series is waiting for you. The six-book series follows the roller-coaster adventures of a centuries old vampires named Mira and her companion, a vampire hunter named Danaus, as they race around the globe, fighting creatures determined to crush the human race. When they have spare time, they are either fighting each other or fighting their attraction for one another.
More pictures!
1 medium
In this article we investigate controlling the NXP (formerly Philips) SAA1064 4-digit LED display driver IC with Arduino and the I2C bus interface. If you are not familiar with using the I2C bus, please read my tutorials (parts one and two) before moving on. Although the SAA1064 is not the newest on the market, it is still popular, quite inexpensive and easy to source. Furthermore as it is controlled over the I2C bus – you don’t waste any digital I/O pins on your Arduino, and you can also operate up to four SAA1064s at once (allowing 16 digits!). Finally, it has a constant-current output – keeping all the segments of your LED display at a constant brightness (which is also adjustable). So let’s get started…
Ball Exercise
Elis Cooke I have always wanted to try working with clay. I love the tactile, texture and 3d forms. I get by with casting paper and using polymer clays to create my textures now but maybe someday I will get to explore that medium.
"Belay that and beam me to the transporter room. Get Doctor Ted to come." I tell him, "We are just coming into orbit around Wondawowman.
When you get me within 2 meters of Facebook and I’ve had too much to drink I don’t know whether I can be held entirely responsible for the series of actions I put in place. The vile and pointless things I may write on chat or on a profile which, while profound to me in the inebriated state, are absolutely disjointed and fragments of a booze troubled mind. 2 such discussions took place yesterday evening. Both pitifully rude and intrusive; plain daft.
Munro accepted a plea deal, was eventually transferred to a Canadian prison and has completed his sentence.
Not that it would have helped Adamson, who cast his then-wife Regina as our heroine of the piece, when in fact the only thing she had going for her was large hair, large eyelashes and big heaving...talents. Once a showgirl, always a showgirl, and the only talent Carroll had here was her blank stare, which she employs here more than once. She perfected it in other films like Satan's Sadists, Brain of Blood and Blazing Stewardesses too, but also appeared in The Glass Bottom Boat, The Slender Thread and Viva Las Vegas. Hey, at least she was in films more people heard of than they did Satan's Sadists.
My husband loves rum raisin ice cream. So when I saw a recipe for it while flipping through my David Lebovitz's ice cream book, I decided to make it for him.
So, this should be the end of the story. But, within a week or two of Leasa’s return to her granddad’s house, Jora received an unsolicited email. It was from someone who grew up—40 years before--in the same neighborhood. He had found Jora somehow. Turns out, he has more to say on the subject:
6 sc in magic ring
And all the kids smoke reefer, I think it'd be cheaper
9. Lyin' Eyes
1 x Nude Inspiration Eyebrow Shaping Kit
And exactly the same.
These have been my honest alphabet so often shoved from my candle lit face,
The first two trios from the left are very work-friendly and perhaps even the last trio, if done lightly. The shades are all pigmented and apply very smoothly. Besides using the shades in trios, you can also mix-n-match different shades within the palette to achieve different effects. With 9 shades to work with, the possibilities are endless!
Sir Elochukwu Ernest properties
her neighbors' eyes.
“’m fine, Reg..inald.” Bertie said. “Can’t wait!”
So, today I felt the need to go do some stamping! I'm finding myself getting more away from stamping and i'm thinking it's because my eyes are starting to give me some trouble. Shawn keeps telling me to go get my eyes checked. Both parents & brothers wear them so it is probably time to get them checked so I can stop squinting.
* Ideas that are more pricey are limited to one every week or so (within reason)
I want to understand daily life in remote corners of the world.
Paper: Whisper White, Old Olive
Bazill deep orange
goddamn.
minutes. Maybe 3. More importantly, he in full sight of the crossing
Now she says 'we both won'.
After awhile, things became slightly less chaotic. Like the movie Sucker Punch, we were in some sort of institution/building. I tried to direct people to this hidden ladder several rooms behind my grandfather’s bar in his house — this is something I’ve visited during many dreams in my life (and does not exist in real life).
Granted, there aren't a lot of brown-colored people in hockey, and not too terribly many in those freakishly cold and god-forsaken countries (e.g., Canada, Russia). I suspect a good reason for this is that brown-colored people are smart enough to realize that the cold and ice are not aphrodisiacs and any countries where winter is defined as “not July” are not worth living in. But seriously – I can't respect a sport where a 1950s sentiment is not atypical.
It will take the work out of the courage
Geo Takach, University of Calgary. Space, Place, and the Face of Empire: Lessons from Harold Innis on Alberta Tar Sands
collapse of Europe?
The rest of my ..."To Be Thrifted" list.
Ooh La Frou Frou girl Belle
I left a few minutes early to pick up g-son to go by a local strawberry field to pick up some berries.
Simon Kurt Unsworth – The Church On The Island
kaizokusai: folds
Heat large skillet, add turkey and cook until browned, drain if needed. Add beans and chili powder to skillet, cook 5 minutes.
We are up for the challenge! I can't wait to get started. I get to design my own kitchen and bathrooms. I get to pick out the flooring, wall textures, colors, window, doors and make the house into my home. When the project starts I will post pictures and keep you updated on the progress.
1 tsp. cardamom
But it was still lonely. Looked odd. So I had enough of it today and went through my things to find it mates...
Showing some home town pride and love for Cottonwood and some of the places of my youth. All in all this place was a great place to grow up, even if I didn't know it then. I am fortunate to be from a town that is in close proximity to five major tourist towns. Prescott, Jerome, Camp Verde, Sedona and Flagstaff. You can drive to Flagstaff or Prescott in about 45 minutes and only 20 minutes to Sedona or Camp Verde.
First thing I have to say is “Don’t panic”. Grass is remarkably resiliant and lawns have been coping with drought, heat, frost, waterlogging etc ever since thirteenth century monks first began cultivating patches of ornamental grass. The last thing you need to do is replace real grass with artificial grass or go and rip up your lawn to replace it with gravel…..that would be a knee-jerk reaction that could mega-increase your carbon footprint.
You will need a notebook or journal throughout this process. It can be as simple as a spiral notebook or as elaborate as you wish.
Anyway, Ange had pointed out that she was back, and I thought I was missing this thing a bit, too, so let's bring it all back, yes?
The story opens with a botched bank robbery that leaves Bob Ford wounded and forced to lay up at the James home in Missouri. As he recuperates, he has the opportunity to visit the love of his life Cynthy Waters (Barbara Britton) who is an actress in a travelling theatre company. This meeting lays the groundwork for all that is to follow. When Ford arrives to see his woman he also meets a man called Kelley (Preston Foster) – a prospector who is clearly smitten with Cynthy. And thus the aforementioned triangle is set up. Cynthy begs Ford to abandon his outlaw ways and settle down to a decent life, thereby providing the motive for the subsequent murder of his friend. The rest of the movie is a portrait of guilt and a man trying to make good on his promise to go straight, yet foiled at every turn by his past and a love destined to remain unfulfilled.
the next release does have a couple pretty strong working titles: An Attempt to Conjure Quiet, which does seem to fit with my past LP names, but actually leaning towards a stripped down version of the same: Conjuring Quiet. i am working with a select core of semi-finished tracks and getting close to finalizing some. very pleased with the current formation of two dark pieces that actually have a classic early electronic vibe in the vain of Vladimir Ussachevsky, Tristram Cary and Louis & Bebe Barron; appropriately titled: Over Hills and Vales and Under Waves and Seas.
This dish can be made ahead of time. To make ahead, put the macaroni and cheese in the baking dish, cover, and refrigerate until ready to bake. Put the tomatoes and bread crumbs on top and bake for about 40 to 50 minutes.
I’d seen the cool kids. I’d played baseball against them. Some of them had gone to another elementary school in town and some were in the 7th grade. My plan was to stalk them at lunch, in the hallways, and during PE—and become one of them.
Mark Driscoll blogged about viewing Jesus through events in the Old Testament. One of the events examined was Yom Kippur. Unfortunately he missed the more correct meaning of the ancient Israelite festival as he viewed the text through the lens of the penal substitutionary atonement model. even more unfortunate, this position obscured and missed the truths found in Leviticus concerning the character of God and his dealings with his people. Such truths illuminate the importance of the crucifixion, helping us better understand certain aspects of atonement in the New Testament writings.
cucumber slices;
In the classrooms of America today, if you burp in class, if you spray yourself with perfume or if you doodle on your desk, there is a chance that you will be arrested by the police and hauled out of your school in handcuffs.
21:59
All in all it was a positive and productive experience, and the rapport that was developed there bodes well for an exciting and fulfilling season ahead.
They’re not the same?”
However, there are a few criticisms to make of this book. After all the gothic evil-ness of the book, I was disappointed with the ending. It's also true that the characters are very black-or-white, good or bad. Would Marcella really stay that nice and forgiving after everything she had gone through? Whilst this kind of characterisation would usually bother me in a novel, I didn't mind it so much in this one as the whole tale had elements of a gothic fairy-tale about it. Think Patrick Suskind's Perfume meets Hansel and Gretel. Not a story full of realism, but one to enjoy for it's fairy-tale elements, wonderful characters, pure escapism and sensationalism. I'll be looking out for the rest of Lovric's books.
Last night's meal was super. So I thought I'd share it all with you. It's a very simple one to prepare, and yet feels oh-so fancy and special.
...More to come.
I’m sure most of you have heard about these books, as I have, they’ve been all over social media outlets and news stations. I had avoided them just because they didn’t really sound like my style of book. Finally a couple of my good friends from college told me they were reading them, so I finally agreed to read them. I’m refraining from final judgement here, because I’m only 15 chapters through the first book. So far, I’m not impressed, and in fact, I dislike Christian Grey. One of my friends has assured me that she felt the same way, but the books got better, so I’ve agreed to continue on with them. If you have any opinions or thoughts, I’d be interested to hear from you!
Time for the next installment of dreaming about the kitchen! And on to what may be the biggest issue. If you've read this blog for any amount of time, you know I am obsessed with open shelving in the kitchen. I just love it for its simplicity, its relaxed feel, for how it can expand a room, for how it allows for pretty display.
It was a wonderful trip filled with tid bits of my French family's history. This was where they had a drink while on their honey-moon, this was the market where they took the kids all those years ago, this was the hotel grandma recommended, this was the mosque with the diamond the size of your FACE.
1 relaxed
-Unknown
People would say-- Oh you will worry to much, be over protective, buy silly things that you will never use... You will learn alot by the time your second child comes along.... Now here they come. and I feel like a new Mom again. Not in all the same ways but in a lot of new different ways that I never even thought of before. Thinking about the ways to prevent this child from dieing. Thinking of ways to help them remember their sister. Worrying if ill remember how to do things. I forgot what foods you could and couldn't eat. I forgot different things that happen when your pregnant. I forgot the age you start feeding your child solid foods. I'm getting my baby books out and honestly feel I have never read them before. I am not only feeling like a first time mom, but at the same time I'm feeling like a old mom who is starting over after years of no babies. I have seen it begin and end. I have been there every step in between. I am scared of what will happen. I am scared of who I will be. As I have been thinking of that 21 year old becoming a first time mom I have been quickly reminded of that 22 year old that made the choice to end her daughters life. Fearing if that person was good enough. She didn't know anything. But there she was. and she lived through it. I lived through it. I have been praying that Makenzie forgives me for all the times I didn't do enough. For all the times I should have been a louder voice for her. Those moments that are forever engraved in my head. The hardest of hard. The darkest of dark. The moments where I prayed harder than I have or ever could pray. Pleading with God to help my child. Some of those moments I believe I did everything I could. Others, I wish I would have done more.
This past weekend we attended the Rusk County (WI) Honor the Fallen motorcycle ride. Manda's mom is heavily involved with organizing, so despite not having bikes (not those kind anyway...) we still try to go help out when we can.
I totally took a bite out of this before I took the picture. I couldn't resist.
“And once the reefer has been destroyed
MB: Do you feel pity for Don Ottavio? His role is so often described as ‘thankless’, and one might say that that characterisation has much to do with the way Donna Anna treats him.
We got back yesterday from a short camping trip along Lake Ontario. It was so much cooler there. Tried to stay longer and no site available. Oh well, couple more weeks and we go to Watkins Glen for the Nascar Race and some relaxing across from the lake. Can't wait.
The Basket Block has some continuous curves along with some waves in the basket part. The open section has pebble quilting.
Peter Griffiths(c) Smethwick called for health checks on immigrants when he responded to a question in the local paper the “Smethwick Telephone”, “Immigration should be limited to those of sound health who have jobs and living accommodation arranged before they enter.” This was prescient as there was an outbreak of Typhoid in Smethwick in April 1965. In 1964 there had been uproar over the general election at Smethwick which Griffiths won against the trend on anti-immigration . A bomb was planted outside Griffith’s home on 26th October 1965 because of the way he had been de-humanised by press and politicians.
All are welcome...
Then I thought about building a wall above the mantel to close it off (many of you have suggested that). But it would have just made the mantel even smaller.
As ive already mentioned the taste notes for this i wont bore people with repeating myself however a few other nice finds ive found is the thornbridge seathorth which is a very pleasent malty, lemons type of ale which although still not top of this list made a definate impression and finally the brewdog growler which was made in colaboration with the owner of the sheffield tap and am yet to taste but as i have a few pictures and fair amount of time to finish my St petersburg ill leave this post here for now and simply say get up here to try their growler to see how you like it. Cheers.
Now...on to blogging...I have found it soooooo therapeutic. I get to say what I think, show what I do, and share to hopefully help others. There are so many fantastic ideas out there in the vast world of teacher blogging. There is a whole system out there that I never knew existed!!! It's fantastic!! So many are willing to share!! And those that sell their ideas have fantastic prices! It's great to purchase things from teachers because you know these ideas have actually been used and tested in their classrooms!
This might be the moment I love her most, this desert. Finally, I know with certainty I'll leave her.
The rest of the week I plan on catching up on cleaning my house. I really need to get my spring cleaning done!! So that is my goal, clean, clean and more cleaning. If it looks clean I have to look deeper to get that spring cleaning feeling to my house:)
1) Back Squat: 1X6 @ 70%, 1X6 @ 80%, 1X3 @ 90%, 1X2 @ 95% – rest 2-3 min. between each set.
Cardio: 15 minutes on the erg sprints +15 minutes of swimming sprints
As we were filling up, we heard another man recounting an experience exactly the same as ours "I didn't think I was going to make it." It was tense there for a while, but we made it!
I loved your comments on Saturday's post. Thank you all so much. Living with an ADD spouse does take a lot of patience, and as I've said a million times, I have the patience of John McEnroe in five o'clock traffic. In that case, I really wasn't in any big rush to get my mail and his "two to the eighth smarty-pants power" was pretty entertaining. Oh, but believe me, there are times when that ADD shit makes me positively mental.
I looked around but there was nothing to see.
I have learned the hard way that sometimes it doesn't matter what day it is, and that they will be absolute stinkers on holidays, or perfect angels on a random Wednesday or Saturday. But even if they don't behave, I will still have a good day. I will still be thankful that I am a Mom. And I will be extra thankful for the other parent in my house, which is the whole reason for this rambling post.
I spent all of last week in Poland, my first time back since having two weeks there in the summer of 2010. Poland’s railway infrastructure is old, though I’ve never been uneasy and I’ve spent a significant amount of time on their trains, second only to time spent sitting around on trains in Germany. Some of the old Tren Italia trains were far more horrifying, and creaky. I figured it would last them a little while longer without major overhaul. So it was unfortunate to hear today that there’d been a tragic train accident there. I am so sorry for everyone involved. It was unsettling to see the crumpled carriages having been on one two days ago, and I hope that doesn’t sound insensitive because I don’t mean it to be. I hate to see bad things happening in Poland and sometimes it seems way too frequent.
And for that minute a blackbird sang
He goes on to cite Friedrich Ratzel who asserts in his 1898 History of Mankind that
Bear in mind this is not a trivial situation, and Mr Wilders deserves none of the sanctions or mud being so eagerly slung his way (as an aside I love this link; yep, drag him before the international courts! Or, maybe, defeat him in reasoned argument... What's that? You're unable too? Ah, now I understand).
So, the upshot is, they did get the hernia repaired laparoscopically. Technically, what they did was to push the stomach back into the abdomen, through the hole in the diaphragm (forgive me if I'm off on my anatomy a bit, John,) and then kind of tacked the stomach around the esophagus to stop the acid reflux and to help keep the stomach in place. This last bit is fairly common, apparently, and is called a Nissen Fundoplication. It's not very common to have almost the entire stomach in the chest cavity, though, which is what was going on with Mom.
Before we acquired Shadow, Traci told me that she wanted to adopt a black-haired puppy and name him Shadow. As a child she was not allowed to have a dog and as an adult had never had the opportunity to become a dog owner. Our friends the Akiwenzies brought a litter of puppies to the Farmers Market one day, and Traci’s heart was stolen. I was less convinced, but I gave in, and Shadow came to join our household. Needless to say, our two cats were not impressed.
...it makes me laugh for many reasons, and is just SO her right now. Such a cheeky little monkey!
Kiribati and the New England Aquarium (NEAq) developed PIPA over several years of joint scientific research, with funding and technical assistance from Conservation International’s (CI) Global Conservation Fund and Pacific Islands Program. The CI support for PIPA is part of the Coral Reef Initiative in the South Pacific (CRISP).
Being human is quite a lot of fun. I just don't get the people who hate their own species so much.
With the calendar flipped onto a new year, it is possible to feel a variety of emotions. For some, there may be feelings of regret for past mistakes or overlooked opportunities. However, others may experience a renewed sense of optimism and hope for what the year may bring to pass. Upon an honest inspection, most of us would probably admit to feelings which span each of these extremes.
Has no business, being there
I’m just back from a two week trip through the Civil War South hunting information and getting a feel for the scenery. Because I knew I was going to spend days in libraries reading letters and seeking details, I invested in an Ipad 2 (16 GB for those who care–the cheapest one) prior to my departure.
I love to compare it with what the place looked like when we first moved here . . . A link to the big extension project is found HERE. I can see George's little yellow paddling pool in the front garden. The raised vegetable beds in the front have become smooth lawn. The big plastic tunnel (poly tunnel) had just been put up when this was taken. The plastic that is only guaranteed for 2 years really should be replaced 16 years on.
"This shit's depressing."
Exercising – in the form of a walk to get some groceries. Yay! 96 calories, according to my pedometer!
His loose held scythe fell free,
The countdown has begun! In less than one week, we will begin our year long journey of exploring, learning, and growing. I can hardly wait! One of my favorite things to do is "design" our classroom. I just love creating a space for students that is welcoming and inspiring.
8) More generally, is full employment consistent with low-inflation in the United States or elsewhere?
Location: Norfolk, VA
I especially love the sleeveless versions.
Also, we are having a Design Team call!! If you'd like to try out please come by and check out the requirements!!!!
"Lash La Rue was always the good guy." I said, but Linda is younger than me and missed out on all those old cowboy movies and just looked at me strangely.
All who are in this country as citizens should be equal before the law and that there shall be no discrimination or difference made between them by public authority. As Mr Heath has put it we will have no "first-class citizens" and "second-class citizens." This does not mean that the immigrant and his descendent should be elevated into a privileged or special class or that the citizen should be denied his right to discriminate in the management of his own affairs between one fellow-citizen and another or that he should be subjected to imposition as to his reasons and motive for behaving in one lawful manner rather than another.
but even worse than getting my head wet (which i certainly did), i was wearing my cowboy boots, which have literally no tread on them. in fact, i can pretty much guarantee that if there’s a teeny bit of water on the ground, or god forbid, ice, i will slip and i will fall.
1) I don't want a president who quits when the going gets rough. Palin couldn't even finish a term as a governor, why would we expect that she could adequately do a much more demanding job? If she couldn't hack running a sparsely populated state how could she hack running a nation?
Scripture Reading:
Recorded by the band.
Imagine you’ve been diagnosed with an incurable genetic disease and you are told you will not only lose your ability to walk and move your arms, but you will die between now and the next 18 months. What would you do? My name is Avery Lynn Canahuati, I’m almost 5 months old, and this has become my reality. But before I die, there’s a few things I’d like to accomplish…this is my bucket list and my story. SHARE IT & HELP ME TELL THE WORLD ABOUT SMA!
Then along comes Diskin’s criticism, which follows similar comments by Dagan, and weakens other countries’ commitment to the campaign against Iran. Particularly when it comes to such sensitive issues, it is those who act on the assumption that the end justifies the means who are guilty of having “messianic” motives.
of loving lost
So here the teachers are addressed here brahma-bandho. Brahma-bandho means a person who is born by a brāhmaṇa father but is not acting as a brāhmaṇa. He’s called brahma-bandho, dvīja-bandhu. Dvīja-bandhu, one who is born of a, actually born of a brāhmaṇa father, but he’s not acting as a brāhmaṇa. So Hiraṇyakaśipu addressed the teachers brahma-bandho, not brāhmaṇa. “Because you are untrustworthy. I gave you, I entrusted you with my son to be taught, and you have taught him this Kṛṣṇa consciousness. So against my will…” He says practically, brahma-bandho kim etat te vipakṣaṁ śrayatāsatā: “I entrusted my child for being educated by you, and you have instigated him to speak in favor of my enemy, Viṣṇu? Viṣṇu is my enemy. How is that?” Asāraṁ grāhito bālo mām anādṛtya durmate. “This rascal boy, he does not care for me, and he has learned this Kṛṣṇa consciousness, and you have taught him. How is that?”
21st amendment and their "can" only beers, I have had a few IPA's recently in cans, and I just can't seem to get over the "taste" difference. It probably is just in my head that it tastes different, but their is something a bit strange about having a IPA from a can. But for hopheads this is a pretty good option if you have to drink out of a can.
Time: About 1 1/2 hours plus 14 to 20 hours’ rising
See you at home!
Here are my notes:
Side Note: I think it interesting that even though you can shout obscenities at a large tv screen in the presence of others and still appear completely mature, if you skip out on work the next day because you are oh so sleepy, that is frowned upon.... adulthood, hmmph.
I arrived and it seemed that nobody was injured too badly. About now a bunch of units arrived. I hear one officer huffing and puffing calling out a code meaning he had one in custody. I run to his scene and help him place a subject into hand cuffs. This guy was unbelievable. I don’t think I have every seen someone so drunk. He could not even walk or talk. I had to grab one arm and one leg (as did the other officer) and carry him to the patrol unit. This guy did not have a scratch on him.
Then fluff the rice using a fork and transfer to a serving bowl.
Then I had two children. At this stage of my life my late husband was still a professional musician and we were very poor, a state to which I have become accustomed. When he gave up the business – or rather, it gave him up – he returned to the career for which he was trained and became an art director with a magazine publishing company. One day, when I was pregnant with our third child, he came home with a very large cardboard box and said “There you are. Open it, put it together and write an article on it.” It was one of the very first personal desktop computers, and I did as I was told. The subsequent article was a commission from Which Computer and it started me on a new career.
Third, consider how Mary herself interprets Jesus’ words: Does she walk away from the scene feeling sad, hurt, or rejected in any way? Just the opposite: She hears Jesus’ words and immediately says to the servants, “Do whatever he tells you” (Jn. 2:5). Mary interprets Christ’s response so positively that she confidently believes Jesus is going to fulfill her request, and she tells the servants to be ready to do whatever her Son commands.
&--truth be told--sometimes i feel like white, pasty legs aren't school appropriate.
American Electronic was a logical starting place. In May 1976, Wilson had visited the company’s plant in Falls Church in an effort to persuade its officers to retain his firm to represent its products around the world. Wilson brought Mulcahy and Terpil to the meeting, as well as an active C.I.A. employee, Patry E. Loomis, an agent assigned to the Far East who was operating under cover for an aircraft company. One of Loomis’s functions was to serve as a liaison officer between C.I.A. headquarters and its overseas stations; he was responsible for establishing personal relationships with senior military and Government officials in the Far East. Loomis added credibility to Wilson’s pitch. ”Terpil was there to impress them with his contacts in the Middle East,” Mulcahy recalls. ”Wilson was there for Europe and Loomis for the Far East. I was there because it was told to them that I was ex-C.I.A. and would remain on-site and accessi-ble while the others traveled.”
I'm such a tease! Stay tuned.
Citizenship: Mexico
Honestly though, I don't really celebrate St. Patty's Day in a "celebratory" kind of way.
Use curriculum that can be passed down. My six year old is using the same math program that three of his older siblings used.
Sofie has been home for 9 months now! I know it's cliche but, where has the time gone? Sometimes it feels like she is still quite new but usually it feels like she has always been with us. She was born to be in our family, our daughter and Livi's sister. We love her so much.
payment of $840 ,000 (about N140 Million ), to an organization
The vertical plywood components were spaced to avoid them or notched to allow them to function. dbd Studio (Design/Build/Develop) is located in the Washington, DC area specializing in restaurant/retail and custom furniture.
6 onions
“Then you’re no better than the Neos! Or Mother!”
While growing up, Apartheid and Nelson Mandela were very common subjects that were part of TV news everyday. Though, I had some idea of what was happening in South Africa, I had no idea about the details till I finished reading this book “A Rainbow in the Night” by Dominique Lapierre recently. I vaguely remember a college debate amongst friends talking about South Africa pulling out of Cricket World Cup if the referendum on Apartheid was not successful in favor of abolishing it.
If you feel led, please pray for both of us.
of my own tree
Oh, and he never called himself a Social Darwinist. He didn’t call himself a Darwinist at all (he had a different theory of evolution).
Overview of the Lord’s Prayer.
The next evening we went up to visit our upstairs neighbors. This makes our building sound absurdly cozy. The truth is, that while there are only five apartments, and we're friendly all around, we don't socialize all that much. Still, we have a lot in common with the folks upstairs, and when we do see them, even for a short stairway conversation, I always think that we should spend more time hanging out.
I'm just a coaster but my wheels won't go,
Assured of lifetime benefits under two policies and benefits through age 65 from the other two, Dr. Richter then felt confident about modifying his activities within the group practice. Although his earnings were reduced, he was simultane­ously receiving tax-free “total disability” benefits as a disabled gastroenterologist, which allowed him to make only minimal changes in his lifestyle while still main­taining sufficient income to sustain his previous standard of living.
Me: That’s not the same thing! Did anything happen to it?
Or there might be some work to show, but the parents will still worry that the work might not reach the school standard for that age group, or it might exceed it. The point is that they're suddenly being judged and the risk of being incorrectly found wanting is very high. It's a sickening feeling, especially when the child was happy and learning well prior to the letter's arrival.
The little bastids are wreaking havoc on the boats that are covered out there.
After it seemed like I’d just gotten to sleep , I was awakened at 6 A.M, and answered some questions. I was not in a good mood.
Most of all, have FUN! And have an awesome sales season!!
Here are just a few pictures from our nature hike!
So shocking that it had to be hidden in the brown paper credits for "THE UNKNOWN COMEDY SPECIAL," there is a work of homemade horror that, as a student of the art form, provided plenty of LQTM's, but probably would not be as amusing to someone looking for a degree of coherence in a movie. URBAN LEGENDS was an early effort by performance artists/pranksters Dino Lee and Carl Crew, which got usurped by producer Bill Osco and mangled up into what is now, as Mondo Digital observed, "A staggering train wreck that will have you doubting your sanity and rejecting whatever religion you hold closest to your heart, this belongs on your shelf in a deep, dark corner next to atrocities like COOL AS ICE, THE UNDERGROUND COMEDY MOVIE, and TRANSFORMERS 2." The commentary track with Crew, which was supposed to be a co-host gig with our mutual friend Lenora Claire until she was unable to appear and I had to go solo, is a fun listen, but I always got the notion that in klassik karny style, I was being kayfabed by Crew, especially on the topic of his late friend Eric Fournier and their controversial media creation Shaye Saint John. So between the lack of structure in the movie and the lack of transparency from the interview subject, I only recommend this to my most devoted fans.
Sponsorship and Participation Report)
Last week, I had a consultation with a plastic surgeon. I’d been thinking about scheduling such an appointment for about a year. After losing over 160 pounds, I have a lot of excess skin in my gut, and I’ve been curious to learn what can be done about it. I’ve done some internet research here and there, but it’s not the same as meeting with an expert and getting information as it pertains to my body and my situation.
Why to watch Night of the Living Dead: It spawned an entire sub-genre.
The land is not completely flat. There were a few lengths of road that were, where the sky was a complete dome of blue with a lonely sun high in the sky and 360 degrees of desert all around. But then you'd drive over a ridge that you didn't even see was there and suddenly a new undulating view would present itself complete with mesas and vast salt pans where lakes try to exist but fail.
RachelYeomans I think the badge system is the most recognized/popular right now – we’re trying to play w/ that out for our community
Eva Marie Garroutte, Boston College
And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm headed back to the Vert Anglais. As previously mentioned, Andy's getting the charcuterie tonight.
3 Tablespoons Olive Oil, divided
What some of us want—those who aren’t blinded by a lot of bullshit persiflage thrown up to mask the idea that rich folks want to keep their damn money—is for you to acknowledge that you couldn’t have made it in America without America. That you were fortunate enough to be born in a country where upward mobility is possible (a subject upon which Barack Obama can speak with the authority of experience), but where the channels making such upward mobility possible are being increasingly clogged. That it’s not fair to ask the middle class to assume a disproportionate amount of the tax burden. Not fair? It’s un-fucking-American is what it is. I don’t want you to apologize for being rich; I want you to acknowledge that in America, we all should have to pay our fair share. That our civics classes never taught us that being American means that—sorry, kiddies—you’re on your own. That those who have received much must be obligated to pay—not to give, not to “cut a check and shut up,” in Governor Christie’s words, but to pay—in the same proportion. That’s called stepping up and not whining about it. That’s called patriotism, a word the Tea Partiers love to throw around as long as it doesn’t cost their beloved rich folks any money.
Brads: Paper Mania
The guy took a second to recall what he said and laughed. "Yeah, your other left."
Here are a couple of my favorite quotes:
It’s a widely known fact that everybody makes New Year’s resolutions that they can’t actually keep. I can probably count on one hand the amount of resolutions I’ve kept over my 23 years. We vow things like: “I’ll join the gym and go 3 times a week” and “I’m going to cut out chocolate/crisps/takeaways” only to find yourself in mid February stuffing your face and leaving all the regular gym goers to have their parking spaces and gym equipment back. While pondering this I realised that I’ve never completed the full 40 days of Lent either, always caving within a couple of weeks.
sand and yells,
My, my, what a nice surprise. And for a good bargain, too. I don't really care if a book is brand new, because it's really the content that counts. And this content is just wonderful.
Davis shines as a character far-removed from her actual personality. Her posture, pursed lips, and wounded eyes shout "I'd rather be anywhere but in my own skin." The supporting cast is uniformly good as well. John Merriman, a frequent collaborator with Davis, plays against type as bad boy Ricky. Becky Ann Baker does another caring mom role not unlike her part in Freaks and Geeks. It's not flashy, but quality work is quality work.
Blood Harvest is set in the fictional town of Heptonclough on the Pennine moors in Lancashire. The village of Heptonclough is a mysterious place that does not welcome strangers. All outsiders are viewed with suspicion and are not invited to the local ritual slaughter of animals for meat that is called “Blood Harvest”.
There is nothing fancy or clever about my shooting board. It's comprised of three pieces: plywood for the base, scrap for the cleat, and squared-up piece of hardwood with bevel for the fence.
There are some interesting people around. I am comparatively dull.
licked lichen nay doot.
I'm fortunate in that my house backs onto farmland which then becomes the North Somerset Levels before falling into the sea at Sand Bay on the Bristol Channel. From the spare bedroom window, where this view was taken, I can see the Black Mountains in Wales on a good day, but often foxes padding about the field.
My gameplan for this mornings trip to Walgreens went horribly wrong on the second transaction. After realizing my error, I bought a few more items that were great bargains, then I cut my losses, headed home to regroup, and then tried again. The second trip was more of a success.
~ I tried on a few bathing suits this weekend. I used to worry about my bum. That's the part that fit in the suit. Apparently I've become fairly buxom. I ordered one today online that I'm hoping works out as far as support goes. It's red. It'll match these shoes that my sister Rachel bought me a few weeks ago:
Hot glue the ends together, draw triangles on top (if you want), and cut to make crown shape.
Today is Thursday, 24 November and we are off down the Broomielaw to particpate in the protest against the planned development there. For the campaign and for excellent links (including the developer's pitch) go to this New Glasgow Society page -
- shows are the central currency of large parts of the music scene.
Trix Prize Pack: Eileen B
In 1838 E. Robinson, one of the first archaeological explorers of Jerusalem, discovered the remains of an arch on the southwest corner of the Temple Mount. Photographs show that this arch was only a few feet above ground level at the turn of the twentieth century, and even in 1968 it was near ground level with a vegetable patch growing beneath. Today, visitors to the archaeological park can see the arch some twenty feet from the ground level. Archaeologists have excavated to the level of the first century streets. The arch is part of a stairwell from ground level to the Temple Mount.
1) After leaving the lacrosse captain's house, and for reasons which remain unclear, the second dancer made a 911 call to the police, claiming that she and a female friend had been passing the house, when a group of white males ran out and started shouting racial slurs at them. There is some speculation as to why she made this call, and some have suggested that she was covering up the sting operation, which a number of the players suspected that the dancers were playing on them, whatever her motive, the 911 call was released by the police and became hot news for a few days.
Arabella must perform this work because her father has squandered his money and there are no job opportunities for respectable women in Victorian England. At least Arabella’s hunting will be remunerative, if she succeeds, whereas people hunt the fox just for the pleasure of it. A local farmer objects to the joyful process, and the visiting American Senator tries to understand.
Yes, he’s faced tough opposition from Republicans. But hey, they are the “opposition” party after all. And he has only himself to blame for stinking up the joint so bad in his first two years that it cost the Dems the House in the mid-terms.
No one should have to move from the place they were born or choose to live because they have no rights to exist as they choose in that state. No state government because of their desperation for money should be able to see my credit card purchases or charge me if I CHOOSE to cross a state border to save money on any legal product that is cheaper in another state.
"'LOL Mrs. Collins'"
3. Moon River
Regardless of what triggered my condition, my investment in the authority of my fast and agile thoughts was now playing against me. In a brain primed for fight-or-flight responses, grabbing hold of any thoughts that flittered across my consciousness and trying to solve them, was now a dangerous thing to do.
God the Most High
That no fate is worse
Today, I'm going to show you the new (kind of) China Glaze Magnetix collection. I hit transdesign.com and snagged the whole collection. I also got the magnet on Amazon for a few dollars. I saved a lot of money that way, something to consider if you want to purchase these.
Soon, it will be Spring!!!!
1 Down From The Mountain 4:38
As many as 50 young girls have come forward claiming to have been sold for sex in Oxford, detective confirmed today.
Makeup: M.O.C.K. Cosmetics – (group gift)
First published: 2011
Seriously, look how great!
Other news: My experimental I.B.I.P.A. (Imperial Brett India Pale Ale) has a very pleasing flavor profile. It turned-out better than I thought it would; it's quite refreshing. I had it with some Maytag Blue Cheese last night, and they paired well together. This project took a while, though...waiting for 2 years worth of fermentation and conditioning was a test of my discipline, all right. And so was stopping at just one glass of IBIPA, even though I was really stoked about it.
Now, the reason I haven't blogged in a long time (other than not being able to get off the couch in the past 14 weeks). Food tastes strange to me. Fresh vegetables that I used to crave taste strong and rotten, chocolate tastes metallic, the smell of basil makes me queasy, baked goods are too rich, ice cream is beyond nasty, and roast chicken smells horrible and tastes worse. There are many more foods I can't stand now, but I won't type it all out. In short, all foods that I was crazy about before pregnancy I hate now.
Miss Oliver, a beautiful heiress said that Jane Eyre is “not one-tenth so handsome.”
That was it. Those are the only instructions Rowan received. He did the rest on his own. His full account regarding his time in Cuba gathering information and delivering that all important letter to Garcia can be found here....just scroll down a bit.
“I think all of us understand that we haven’t always lived up to those ideals. When we’ve fallen short, it’s been up to ordinary citizens to stand up to inequality and unfairness wherever they find it. That’s how we’ve made progress. That’s how we’ve moved forward. And that’s why we are here today – to sign a bill into law that closes a long and unfortunate chapter in our history,” he said.
Wartime was published by Picador in 1975 and the fantastic cover shows a detail from the right panel of the Triptych ‘Le Chariot de Fain’ by Jacques Bissot.
Women don't lose anything because they don't "hold" the keys or administer the priesthood because they are still given the authority to participate in the same priesthood ordinances and receive the exact same blessings as the men who administer the ordinances. The truth is that it just isn't women's responsibility to be key holders. God has given women other responsibilities that are in every way just as important for the eternal salvation of God's children as holding and administering priesthood keys. True, these responsibilities aren't always as clearly defined or as acknowledged as ordinations to the priesthood or the administering of ordinances are, but just because the world (or even church members) don't recognize their value and power doesn't mean that God doesn't. God is VERY aware of the important jobs women do on this earth and accepts their offerings and sacrifices.
After the cucumbers are peeled, thinly slice and add them to salted water. Let them marinate in the salt water for "as long as it takes you to make dinner". Not very specific, I know, but those were grandma's instructions. I think that I let them sit for about an hour. Grandma claims that this helps to remove some of the bitter taste from the cukes. I'm gonna have to back her up on that one, because like I said, her cukes n' onions are the best!
The best news I have had in a while came late Friday...I'm finally getting a projector and document camera! I have taught for the last three years with zero technology in my room aside from my desktop computer. While the projector on its way to my room is an outdated relic...it will hopefully still open up numerous possibilities for us! I'm beyond excited!
Bartee filed a petition for writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court on November 23, 2009, but the Supreme Court denied certiorari review on March 22, 2010.
Well, that pretty much wraps up my project for today's Cricut Crawl, I hope you have enjoyed your visit with me! I am also the last stop on our Crawl, so from it here...it's back to FCCB for you! But, before you go...I do have a give-away to share! In honor of today's Crawl, I would like to give away the "Jubilee" Cartridge to one lucky follower....
I hope your plans are much better than mine and that you welcome the new year in with much joy and with renewed vigour for the coming months!
The typical contractual and managerial controls of budgets, accounting systems, independent professional advice and penalty clauses were all violated wantonly. Our Treasury has been plundered. See the sidebar for an extract from the Uff Report.
“You may not know me, but um…”
The news is devastating for many other authors who were writing books for Frances Lincoln, authors who had seen the high production values in place and were delighted to work with such a wonderful team. To mention just one, Jane McLoughlin's book At Yellow Lake is due to be published in a few weeks' time. I read a preview copy and so did my 12-year-old son, we were both captivated by Jane's story. My son said it was the best book he'd read all year, and asked me to buy him a copy of the book when published - this is a boy who never re-reads anything.
From our vantage point more than sixty years later, we can see that 1939 was indeed the year “the end began,” at least for Europe.
In my country I try to promote burlesque dancing and vintage lifestyle. I dance in the first polish burlesque group Betty Q and Crew.
That its difficult to spot is surprising because it shows that contrary to concerns the standard regular Thornbridge beers are inexpensive for town. I am sure Moonshine used to be over £3.00 in the Bath but Brother Rabbit, a similar strength (not the same) beer is on at £2.80, with the weaker Wild Swan at £2.60. Its good to see affordable session ale in the city centre - with the exception of the Bee Hive you pay over £3.00 a pint everywhere in the area, regardless of whether its a sub 4% beer. Also, the standard Bernard lager is £3.20. Can't really compare this with the price of Carlsberg as I never touched it but it doesn't seem too expensive. The guests are not too expensive either, although I have only had two different ones - more on that later.
My mother, sister, mother-in-law, grandmother-in-law and dear friends shared birth stories- some I knew, some I didn’t. Incredible tales of love, triumph, loss and pain. I lit my large candle with my wish for this baby’s birth, and my women lit a smaller one, offering their wishes too. Later, they would each light their small candle, when news of labour arrived.
4. Talent acquisition: RB - “Employees think for themselves. They have good ideas to listen to. What is the point of hiring bright people if you don’t apply their talent?
He said it would be a great jumping off point for a colour scheme with the pinks and greys. (Sarah thought it was a bit brown so they didn’t go with it.) I chose the fabric because I didn’t want a white or cream background as it would get/look dirty in no time. I also loved the pink, coral and red combo found in the fabric.
Hope is a perishable commodity. Despite God’s promises, despite His love and despite our abundant blessings, we can still lose hope from time to time. When we do, it is important for us to surround ourselves with the encouragement of Christian friends, the strength that comes through prayer and the truth of God’s Word. This world is a place of difficult days and struggles of every kind. If you find yourself being swallowed up in the trap of discouragement, seek the healing touch of Jesus. He has promised us peace and joy in the midst of our pain.
When to use: Curt dismissal of any stats brought forth to explain your chosen team’s impending doom.
” But you always loved going to your dance classes.May be they’ll help.Just to get you going and keep you busy,beta.” She suggested,half-afraid i would shout at her or something.
The MHS Library/Media Center helps you use both sides of your brain!
Hopefully the need for the gym wins out.
d. The Word of God
“The president has taken important steps to stand up for the 99%, but we need more bold leadership from him.” Again, What?!
Beloved Flower lover,
*”Holy crap! Look at him!”
I hope to put up 1990 through 2008 soon but the age of the internet makes those years a bit easier to find. I hope some young Track Athletes in El Paso can look back at these marks and find inspiration to top them.
How often it is that we take one aspect of ourselves and temporariliy fixate on it, forgetting all the other facets and modes of being that make us such interesting animals?
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to exist in absolute despair within myself when looking at/considering this point of agreement/relationship because I see this as such a far off point and in this experience despair because It has already been 2 years and I hate being alone.
AWKWARD OUTTAKES OF THE DAY:
Montana Mixer, you complete me. Unfortunately, since I live nowhere near you, the fact that I found you anywhere in this god-forsaken hell-hole of BFE is a fucking miracle. It's a taste of home in a magical 12-pack of awesomeness. No matter what happens on any given day, I know that you can cheer me up by bringing me to a level of intoxication rivaled only by most other beers. But you're special. You taste good – which is unlike most other beers. To more accurately describe you...
A total of 16 participants. Since it is a manageable size, I chose to draw lots manually than to use an online random generator. I could have done it earlier, if not for waiting my camera battery to be charged, to capture the process.
I'm skeptical about a lot the claims made for the general health benefits of massage. For the same outlay of time, spent on exercise, naps, and hot baths, I've argued – not to mention a lot less money – you can get the same or better results in lowering your blood pressure, reducing your stress, and improving your circulation. Massage does these things, it just doesn't do a very important amount of them. And its benefits are transient.
I just wish I didn’t have to drive to get there.
The evening was spent looking for rummage sales and steals on Craigslist, as well as local thrift stores. We were looking for things like lighting, a TV, furniture, a desk, etc. After breakfast the next morning, we were off. The temperature was in the 60s so that was a much welcomed change from the subzero temps in ND we had just experienced. We went to a couple garage sales and multiple thrift stores in the Midcities area. That's the area between Dallas and Fort Worth, which we are a part of. At times we wanted to kill each other, as you can imagine, but we ended up ahead of where we started. Andy needed a bit convincing that some of the things I found were really great deals, and I also needed some restraining when I thought I found one. :-) Good thing we balance each other out. I am a supporter of thrift stores and especially loved the Salvation Army with the extremely friendly staff and the blaring Christian rock, but it may not always be the best place to find a TV or furniture. Many of the TVs said 'as is' and had a tube missing or broken. Where would I find the tube inside a TV and how do I even get that thing apart besides using a hammer??? And for the furniture, some were decent and giant, and some were torn and stained. I'm not saying that getting furniture from a thrift store is a bad thing. There are some great finds that you could clean well and then update with new fabric, patching, etc. But thinking of hauling these things up 3 flights of stairs with Andy and my out of shape self just wasn't making me very excited.
It's the embroidery and trimming that will take longer. Especially since a lot of that will be done by hand. And I haven't figured out yet how to knit and embroider at the same time... so we'll see. Because of course I still want to knit!
After Nicholas’ Q&A, it was time to brave the Julie Benz autograph line, which was still quite long, overflowing the twisty line area that they’d set up and spilling over into a walking aisle. In fact, soon after I joined the line, there were soon convention volunteers trying to stop new people from joining the line, because they didn’t want the line to take up any more room. Eventually they had one of their own people at the end of the line telling people to try coming back in ten minutes.
One week after an allied educator was charged for asking a 13 year old student to massage his ‘balls’, another former teacher found himself in hot soup again for sending lewd text messages to his 13 year old student.
Sometimes I wonder if the current popularity of Scandinavian films and television series is partly because we haven’t a clue who the actors are.
2010 is almost over, but 2011 is looking bright!
“And thou shalt eat the herb of the field…” Gen. 3:18
Hugs Annette x
By 1939 the process of Sovietization was complete in Russia. In the aftermath of the German invasion and the Nazi-Soviet partition, Soviet-occupied Poland and the Baltic states were subjected to the full range of Sovietization policies. Typically, the Soviet secret police, then the NKVD, would move in after the first wave of troops. Dangerous suspects such as landowners, teachers, businessmen, members of the officer corps and intellectuals, in short anyone, deemed to be remotely antagonistic to communism, were arrested, in some cases shot immediately, the survivors incarcerated and then deported to the remote regions of the empire. Mass executions, as in the case of the Polish officer corps at Katyn, were common. After 1945, with a much bigger empire acquired from its vanquished National Socialist rival, the process of Sovietization assumed industrial proportions as Soviet commissars, purged and exterminated all opposition to communist control in Czechoslovakia, Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria and the Soviet occupation zone in eastern Germany, soon to be the misnamed, German Democratic Republic.
OPENING THEME: Buckaroo by Buck Owens & The Buckaroos
Seriously. There is. It’s called Manuscript for iPad. Before you all go running off to find it, I’m not recommending it. I haven’t even tried it and frankly I won’t. But, for $6.99 you can, if you want. I’m also sure there are many other Apps like it out there waiting to be found.
If they had been thinking, they could have made the leaders' rhetoric pretty convincing, showing a world where everyone is productive, where science and human achievement are no longer hampered by bitterness, fear, political maneuvering, greed or selfishness. And all for the low, low price of your individual initiative, something we hardly ever use or think about anyway.
The Republicans controlled the federal government by themselves most of the last decade and created a gigantic mess. It was so bad Time magazine called it the “lost decade.” The title isn’t quite correct. It should’ve been called the “lost decade for the 99 percent,” because the 1 percent made off like bandits, thanks to their theives in congress, the white house and the Koch brothers wing of the Supremely Corrupt Court stealing from the rest of us.
The boys and I got there at about 3:30 after picking up some beer and juice boxes. We were supposed to eat at around 4:00, but of course no one showed up until about 6:30 and we didn't eat until 7:15 so we were all starving. (His family is perpetually late.) But the boys and Stephen ended up swimming so that passed some time. For some reason, I have no swimsuit... so I couldn't get in with everyone, which made me sad. It was only about 80 degrees in Texas on Sunday, which was beautiful, but it was entirely too cold to be swimming. I have no idea how the kiddos didn't all freeze to death.
Mike and his wife Amy are understandably frustrated. A judge at Parking Violations ordered Mike to pay for tickets a UPS truck is getting.
Of course if I only watched the dramas, I wouldn’t have known she’s from SNSD. However, her soulful voice through the two dramas (I didn’t watch them at once. Beethoven Virus first, Hong Gil Dong later) was enough to make me curious. Then I found more information about her, and naturally it led me to SNSD as a result. She’s known as the Kid Leader of this group which consists of 9 members.
The last 100 years of Norfolk history has been filled with a variety of issues ranging from corruption to revitalization, problems in race relations to modern day communities, and everything in between. What locality hasn’t had some form of those same characteristics? It is Norfolk’s unique history to those characteristics that make me keep living in it everyday, and honestly loving every minute of it. Additionally, Norfolk is a transient city, being home to the largest naval installation in the world. Locals are far and few between, and in some cases, unexpected.
Another seeker narrated to me how she saw St. Germain supposedly manifest to her. All of a sudden, the manifesting Being’s face turned hideous and evil. She knew right then that it was a disguise, a Dark Master appearing and disguising as the ennobled Chohan of the Aquarian Age.
Yes, of course, I remember the days when the kids HAD to be in bed and sleeping before we could go to bed each night. It was like they had an axe to grind... "Let's see how crabby and senseless we can be right before bed and drive our parents to the brink of insanity.. .EACH. and. every. night.."
What is mind blowing for us in the bridal industry is that you are paying them upfront for the item before you even see it and in our bridal salon you can see, feel, touch and confirm what you are going to be receiving and we only require a 50% deposit before you are able to see, feel and touch your item when it arrives.
The rhinestone circle really glistens in the light. I wish it would have photographed better so you could appreciate it's bling factor. I just love the soft light they put off. It makes it so cozy in the evenings especially when it is raining.
Come Here to Me – I came across this recently and I love it! Come Here to Me is a blog hosted by three Dublin lads, mostly with history backgrounds, who have, among other topics, basically blogged all about the aesthetic and structural past and present of the city. The blog is already several years old and has covered so much, allowing for a great dig through their archives. These archives detail all kinds of stuff, so go have a gander because it’s well worth it!
Fettled Baps with Oven Chips.
This is me just after finishing with a medal and a well earned hot chocolate:
And so among the numerous applications which I have study through, downloaded, erased, held on to and also loved, I flipped by way of my downloads intended especially pertaining to pics. Cling! Clang! I stop within much-loved Adobe Picture Convey for Android os and glimpse what I’ve completed to some of the images I clicked on my personal Samsung Galaxy.
On MBC‘s ‘Weekly Idol‘, idol group members voted for the group they believe has the best teamwork as well as the one that may even match Shinhwa‘s longevity one day. The six-member group Shinhwa has been together for 14 years, and currently holds the record for the longest standing idol group.
For those of you who have no idea what I’m going on about, I will share. Especially since I had no clue that this even existed until last November (in the midst of novel writing month), when I stumbled across an announcement at one of my favorite local coffeehouses. I was so sad when I realized just how clueless I was,(well – that happens frequently anyway) and resolved right then to jump in the following year. Yes, I know. I could always just go ahead and write a novel any month out of the year, right? RIGHT?
All About the Progress she is making
--MetalRising
Divine in Pink Flamingos with the dog’s dirt he chundered at. I did similar on first viewing as well. I was 12 and a half when I first saw Pink Flamingos, directed by genius John Waters. I must’ve watched it 1000 times after that. I loved that scene the most. I burnt the tape out stopping and rewinding, stopping and rewinding going back to the point she puts it in her mouth. I started getting into finding out more about the act of eating shit, any shit, human, animal, whatever. When I discovered Salvador Dali ate his own shit I thought, ‘Cool bananas! Dali’s way cool! Should I start eating my own shit too? Will this make me a better painter, seeing I’ve now almost totally given up on the music career (having taped myself doing a woeful improvisational jazz album in the style of ‘Kind Of Blue’ by Miles Davis on my school recorder)’ – but the furthest I went was cleaning my arse with my bare hand one morning before school and boking into Mother’s bidet and all over my nice good shoes.
Upcoming post: Something about socks! Finally!
There was NOTHING in that kiln that I'd want to sit behind at a craft fair and take responsibility for. Nothing I'd feel even satisfied by, let alone proud of. Nothing I wouldn't feel ashamed to sell.
10. A Dangerous Method – The idea of psychoanalysts being more screwed up than the people they’re treating is not exactly a new concept, but this one uses the two fathers of the entire field of study, Carl Jung and Sigmund Freud (also its unsung mother Sabina Spielrein). David Cronenberg’s film have changed in the past decade from being about fighting a threat literally inside yourself (as in The Fly or The Brood) to a more metaphorical take on the same idea. Can we battle our impulses? Does this new-fangled “talking cure” really work? A superb cast and excellent direction explore the topic. It’s refreshing to see a movie about ideas instead of action.
The film’s highest points come from the constant need to be self-aware. Whether it’s Captain Hardy (Nick Offerman) messing up the name of the film or pointing out that the “higher-ups” are “recycling old ideas” (referencing the remake nature of the film), or the surprise twist towards the end of the film with huge allusions to the original 21 Jump Street television series. Not mention the awareness that these men are too old to pass as high schoolers and are constantly being asked how old they are. (“You look like a forty year old man”). All of these elements help make the film more hilarious while treating the audience with respect and not dumbing anything down to make us believe something that is so far-fetched.
you will have to come back in January to see the postcard properly and to read the start of my story on the back.
2010.09.09 Dagestan Derbent 2 0 Two men are gunned down in separate Mujahideen attacks.
Job 9:2
With our condo, however, I have not been able to instantly enjoy any purchases we have made. I think this is actually a good thing though since one of my New Year's Resolutions is to cut back on shopping. This will help me get away from the need for that instant gratification that I seem to be so addicted to.
Was it the case that DCS Williams found no evidence of a conspiracy at the NotW simply because no effort as made to look for one?
And compared to the curry noodles we ordered at the Old Green house last night, this Hot Bowl was simply awesome!
The Democratic Alliance condemned Mantashe’s comments calling them a “reprehensible attack on the legitimacy of the judiciary”. “Mantashe’s comments have essentially confirmed the ruling party’s position with respect to the foundations of our constitutional democracy: the ANC believes itself superior to the Constitution and all the organs intended to protect and uphold it,” said DA spokesman Ian Davidson.
Then we finally started on the Titanic story. I thought they did this very well. They didn't over-dramatise it or try to force an emotional reaction. They just let the facts speak for themselves - stories of the survivors and those who were lost, and transcripts from the mayday messages sent throughout the disaster. I found those particularly poignant.
To dig the nature’s beauty so pure,
We drove about thirty miles before the thing coughed, coughed, chugged and stopped. You can imagine the sinking stomach I had, wondering what the hell I'd done to deserve this miserable fate. It turned out that the previous driver had not filled the tank after her run even though she'd driven at least 180 miles...because the gas gauge showed full. This in a car that (at best) gets about 15 miles per gallon. She apparently thought the damn thing ran on air that night.
Cat's Eyewitness by Rita Mae Brown
juice of 1/2 lemon
“Last night,” Sundance said with a happy smile.
With all the events that happen in Hamilton Ontario it is hard to figure out what to do. With the advent of Social Media it has become more accessible than ever to find things to do in Hamilton. so here are some great things happening
War In The Woods: Combating the Marijuana Cartels on America’s Public Lands ($16.95, Lyons Press, softcover) was written by Lt. John Nores Jr. of the California Department of Fish and Game, with James A. Swan, PhD. It is about the real war going on to eradicate the illegal pot plantations that are turning areas of America’s state and national parks, national forests, and wildlife reserves into war zones. Nores, a 17-year veteran of California Fish and game has led anti-marijuana actions in the North Coast District and, from June 2005 to the present, has been Patrol Supervisor for three counties in the Central Coast of California. Under his leadership 600,000 marijuana plants have been removed from Santa Clara County since 2003. Such drug busts usually get about a minute or so on the TV news, if that, but this book reveals how widespread the problem is and the risks involved in trying to control and eliminate it.
Obtain your wooden spatula and occasionally prod the sausages, keep a nose out for the smell of burning. After a small wait, possibly the length of a page and a half in reading time, turn on another hob, retrieve your other pan and repeat the oiling process.
Then there is Indus Valley. The last one can be Zanskar. The twin peak Nun-Kun is the main attraction here. The monasteries are also very great over here along with the stunning attractions lying with natural beauties lying here. The journey is tough still you can make it out most with the inspirations being the natural landscapes. The Ladakh Adventure Tour Packages available online will take you to the valley and make you have a Jeep Safari for getting the delight of nature. This may not be as buzz as trekking but is obviously a safe way to be close to the stunning nature lying there.
05) My Dad Sucks
To make your comparing easier, here's a handy look at every year of Donruss:
Some of you don’t doubt Jesus, your doubting doctrine. Some of you are doubting the church, it’s leaders or practices. Some of you are doubting because church has become an unsafe place for you.
“Some lessons can’t be taught. They must be lived to be understood” Elektra 2005
Master bath
Ponderous.
As you will appreciate, the publishing of more patent information will make the patent prosecution process more transparent and the patent office more accountable.
Most of the time I stress the long-term processes of transformation; the journey, the quest of the hero. It’s a model that reflects the nature of life and our need to respond, learn, and adapt to the ups and downs and to ultimately come to terms with the nature of life and death. When we’re serious about creating lasting change, whether it’s to do with our health, relationships, career or anything else – we know that it’s the quality of our habits, the choices we make day in day out that will determine whether we build the of deeply fulfilled life or something else.
--Kings Plaza Diner
Used my Big Shot again and also my new border punch. The flowers, button and twine are from my stash.
Happy Monday! Usually I don't say such a ridiculous thing, but since it's the day after the Oscars there will be a lot of fashion eye-candy to gape at. Let's go.
#20 - Wantlist Fail Part 1
Paired with Terlato Family Vineyards Pinot Noir, Russian River Valley, 2007
On the floor we have some bins (from The Container Store- the shelf baskets are from there too) that holds unopened condiments on the top and onions and potatoes on the bottom. Next to that is my old onion and potato holder which now holds tea bags for sweet tea. It wasn't quite big enough for potatoes... plus I'm pretty sure it didn't get enough airflow because my potatoes grew sprouts like it was their job in there.
winter ghosts
Publisher, "Shall we have some cake? Yes."
There was a little cat
Keep a blog, start to jog,
When we were done, she asked if I had any questions. I got brave and asked if she could show me how the rowing machines work? I see people on them all the time and was fascinated. Well, it took about 10 minutes for me to get the right rhythm of the arms and legs and the sliding back and forth but when I did it, it was amazing. I loved it!
"No can do."
Landscape photograph looking along Newcastle's Quayside from under the Tyne Bridge at the time of the Regatta celebrating Newcastle's 900th Anniversary.
Your number this month - 16
~ Keep GOD 1st in EVERYTHING!!~ ﻿
our mysterious friend got a little mixy, needless to say, and i earnestly sampled the tracks from Animal Collective to Matt & Kim, Oasis to the Jackson 5.
"Carlesss Pushing and Shoving"
I love Fridays and animals so I thought I would share this photo that I found on the internet.
Ubisoft is releasing the 25-minute film Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Alpha on Blu-Ray and DVD on May 22, day and date with Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Future Soldier. The entire package (including extras) runs, according to the press release, 50 minutes. At $7.95 for the DVD and $14.95 for the Blu-Ray, that’s an OK price, but still a bit steep for those cheapskates out there who (paradoxically) probably wouldn’t mind paying ten bucks more (which coincidentally, falls in the center of that MSRP) for the game packed together with the movie in a retail package. Then again, given that the film and extras would probably have fit comfortably on a PS3 Blu-Ray (360 owners would have to get a separate DVD inside the case), maybe it should have been part of the game package after all?
1184 **D-V/26/1994. “Intellectuals and Morality.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 179-87.)
Don't see this movie. It sucked...SLOWLY!
That may be paraphrased but just a little.
I had my 19 week appointment today and all went very well! They performed the Level II ultrasound where they measure every single thing from head to toe. They are measuring 19w5d and 19w6d, so well ahead of schedule. Heartrates were both 145. According to our sonographer and doctor, everything is measuring perfectly!!! They are both breech and facing each other. It looked like they were beating each other up the entire time. She made a video of the sonogram, so it was neat to come home and watch it again...I can't believe how blessed we are. My mother was able to come to our appointment today and was able to see them in action. So glad we could share it with her. Without she and my dad, we wouldn't even be there. They may not be able to retire, but they gave us the best gift ever dang it!
G: But as he worked, he must have been aware of TV and of the fame of others?
And while we do a lot of things for our children, there is nothing greater work than the that of prayer; there is no greater way to spend your time as a mother than on your knees in intercession for your kids.
Waist : 12"
of the Apostle’s Creed went
When I'm colouring Tilda I always use the same colours on her skin, other images I will change the odd 1 or 2 colours depending what the image is. I always start off with all the skin.....I dont know why lol.
And then you take a step in, and you notice the wiggling fish in a basket on the street, where an old lady sits waiting to make a sale. You see the twisted palm fronds that have been fashioned into a streetsweepers’ broom. You pass a pharmacy where seahorses and ginger root are sold as remedies. You walk into a temple where incense is burning.
“How’s that feel?”
When almost Fall of the year, the three were watching their sheep. They finished saying the Rosary and the prayer the Angel had taught them when the Angel appeared again. This time, he held a chalice in his hand. Above the chalice was a Host with drops of Blood falling from it into the chalice. The Angel left the Host and chalice in the air and prostrated himself on the ground. He prayed 3 times:’Most Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I adore You profoundly and I offer You the Most Precious Body,Blood, Soul, and Divinity of Jesus Christ, present in all tabernacles of the earth, in reparation for the outrages, sacrileges and indifferences by which He Himself is offended. And by the infinite merits of His Most Sacred Heart and the Immaculate Heart of Mary, I beg of You the conversion of poor sinners.’
On another note altogether. After my soccer game last night in Oregon City a few of us stopped in for a quick drink at the wonderful Highland Stillhouse. I had already been eagerly anticipating a draft Bellhaven Twisted Thistle so that is what I got, but the beer selection was fantastic - everything from Ninkasi's fresh hop beer to a great cask offering (which escapes me at the moment). But what really caught my eye was an extensive list of Brew Dog beers. I suspect, though I didn't ask, that these are from the bottle. And they don't come cheap: a glass of Brew Dog will set you back $12! Still, if you want to see if all the fuss is due to genius at self-promotion or to great beer, here is your chance. You can even enjoy you Brew Dog with haggis balls! Yum.
"You have to spell a word," the woman told him.
They were very simple to make using the Multipurpose Adhesive Sheets from Stampin' Up! All we did was to stick one side of the adhesive sheet to a square of cardstock, then laid the fabric on to the other side of the adhesive sheet.
In 1446 the third castle was built by Dermot McCarthy, King of Munster of which the keep still remains standing.
This punishment will also serve its intended purpose: they will not stay out past curfew again in their tenure with Nashville. Radulov and Kostisyn now know the consequences of such actions. Additionally, the Predators have made an example of these delinquents. I doubt anyone else on the team will stay past curfew after the actions taken against the delinquents.
Along with those adventures, I am setting up a couple challenges for myself, which will begin on my birthday. Last year, I pledged to donate blood...well, almost a year later, I have an appointment on Saturday to do just that (I am terrified of needles, so have procrastinated a bit).
“No. We just had the one. Rented. It’s too hard to maintain a vehicle when you spend half your time outside the country.”
Military spending and the budget
her mother at the checkout point in the supermarket forty years ago
12.Supper's Ready 24:31
Okay but that has naught to do with food! But I did have a great moment there at lunch. I got their baked salmon and cauliflower along with a salad with blue cheese dressing and a cold broccoli salad. I wasn’t terribly hungry but being at a conference where you never really know when you might get struck down with hunger or when you’ll get to eat again, I usually would have eaten everything on my plate.
This is taken of the condo from across the harbor.
What's that? Over there....'Oh look! It's a balloon!' But not one, or two or three or four. I count 13, some of them so low I think they must be almost touching roofs and trees. But no, they float over the town and northwards rising to go over the hill called the Rhallt. A small plane coming into Welshpool 'airport' (yes, folks we have one of those but easyJet haven't found it yet) is mightily confused and fortunately is able to do circuit after circuit until its path is clear to land.
Key person disability coverage should be established as indemnification to the firm by naming the attractive employer as the premium payer and the loss payee. Premiums are not deductible, but benefits are tax-free. Benefit durations should be kept to a reasonable term such as 12, 15, 18 or 24 months. Anything longer could be construed as a salary continuation plan. The firm would be expected to solve its loss of a key person in a reasonable amount of time by hiring and training a replacement if the disability is one of a permanent nature.
Like, pouring rain and sweaters, bona fide fall. Of course, this being October in Los Angeles, it lasted all of two days, and was followed closely by a heat wave (It's gonna be 98 today. wtf, mate?). As much as I obsess over the glory that is summer, and as amazing as this particular summer was, it also involved a lot of constant sweatiness and insect bites, so I was glad to feel some cooler air.
She frowned. ”He can’t go home until he does.”
Thanks for popping by my blog today.
To masturbation dull, must I regress
Beat butter and sugar until creamy. Add in pumpkin mixture or puree and eggs and beat until incorporated. In a food processor, blend about 12 cookies until smooth crumbs, set aside. In a medium bowl add flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and cookie crumbs, whisk until combined. Add dry ingredients to your batter and blend until combined.
The explorers, Jim Blume and David Woetzel, president of “Genesis Park,” have collected eyewitness accounts of living pterosaurs “from frightened natives,” and claim to have seen the creatures themselves. Woetzel even shot video of a flying “pterosaur” in broad daylight. His video accompanies the Salem-News.com article.
Our strawberry strawberry pots - very cute (and hopefully in a few months time also delicious) :-)
So maybe you should reexamine your approach to investing and start seeking your personal alpha.
(1) Explorative art/design projects. These types of papers must be submitted together with creative works and must contribute to understanding of how the visual and the textual are unified in research. Each submission must also include a separate and brief description (80 words max) of the creative work and visual material, such as photographs or video (digital formats only, totally 10M max.), and what is required displaying this material.
CRITICAL SUPPLIES WILL STILL BE DISTRIBUTED
Three-dimensionality of such images is not the only remarkable characteristic of holograms. ‘If a hologram of a rose is cut in half and then illuminated by a laser, each half will still be found to contain the entire image of the rose.’
Unfortunately, I’m not one of them.
This layout came together very quickly for me. I think the papers just inspire me!
Like Eisler, I hope the market that emerges is one that works for everybody. I will never stop buying physical books but having a Kindle has made me realise how much space they take up. From a retail point of view, anything that makes Waterstone’s change its business model can be a good thing.
NO. I NEVER WAS SICK, ANG!
Today's card is another Valentine one.
A grotty, grizzly day greets me as I draw back the curtains. I groan inwardly, grabbing my gear to get ready for my run. My tired old legs try to pretend they don't understand the instructions I am giving but by the time I reach the Granville Road corner they are resigned to another gruelling task. On and on they trudge, with gritty determination, only coming to grinding halt when they have finally completed the circuit. Great going legs!
for all sinners, than for me?
shaking the cold October air off with a brisk shiver.
I blared heavy metal ████
Come up above the crags,
Rosie's party this year was a combination birthday for her and Monkeyrotica, as well as a housewarming for us. We bought our home in late August of 2003. Three celebrations at once were very confusing for our guests!
A little-known wartime episode
However, I do not like the term. I think it understates the problem. Fascism, as we understand it nowadays, is inextricably tied to Nazi Germany and Adolf Hitler. The problem is that the enemy we’re currently engaged with predates Hitler’s national socialism concept by over one thousand years. That, and I’m a big proponent of Godwin’s Law and it’s corollaries (which state that anyone who mentions Hitler or Nazis in a discussion not expressly about Hitler or Nazis immediately loses the argument.)
5. Lagunitas Wilco Tango Foxtrot
Immediately on learning about the crash on Saturday 22 October 2011, JPSA contacted Superintendent Edna Mamonyane of the JMPD and offered to pay for the blood samples taken from the accused in this case to be analysed by a private laboratory, so as to expedite the matter and bring it to a swift conclusion. We were never taken up on that offer and now we know why.
Okkervill River – White Shadow Waltz (Jagjaguwar)
in oppposite directions,
person. We shared our life experiences together.
When we were in South Dakota, Jud, his sisters and mom, went through some of his their old family belongings. Katie and I headed for the antique stores, of which there are many. At the Yankton Mall, Katie found this darling rayon dress. It fit her like it was made for her and I not only enjoyed seeing her look so cute but also wanted to take pictures of her. So we came home and I made her try it on once again.
We had gotten an email regarding a mandatory meeting that would occur on that day, and once the news had been reported, we knew what the meeting would be for.
I carry on, with just these poems that I keep inside
to talk
to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season.
By Mary Boone
And did it ever pay off.
72.5%: Federal Debt Held By The Public As Share Of GDP By End Of The Year. (CBO, 1/31/12)
Antiques Market
And I think I want to move past that.
The two together created the story with the added character Archer the villain.
More worrisome is that the blatant discrimination is merely the tip of a very large iceberg of unimaginable proportions of corruption and abuse.
And guys and do you wanna have fun too .....you can you know...all you gotta do is to join into the fun, you can even have lots of inspiration by checking out the individual blogs of my fabulous Teamies...and offcourse my wonderful GDT's for this week, Liesbeth and Roberta....thank you so very much for joining me ladies, I really appreciate it and you can even make a change on winning the fabulous Prize from my Generous Sponsor Art Journey...wohooooooooo
What I’ve done is packed up my sheet music and every night I do mental practice. In my hotel room or when during down time, I open to the songs I’m learning and slowly and methodically mentally work through the music. Imagining my hands touching the appropriate keys at the right time. Spelling out the chord notes to myself. Trying to go through the motions in my mind. Since this is all mental practice, it’s important to work through the music at slower tempo than what the performance speed is. I read through the music about half the speed I would normally play and sometimes slower if its a complete new piece.
Abita Save Our Shore (SOS)
Okay, so yes, I didn't have an encounter with a potential new partner - certainly not this soon after I'd managed to oust the Ex Man and take my house back - but it was intense nonetheless. And, it was a great break to the week, to visit with friends, talk over dinner and enjoy a piece of meat that I don't otherwise ingest. I'm sure we'll meet again, but I may have to wait. After all, I am in mourning for the last rendez-vous I had around the barbecue.
“Don’t forget me,” said Pam, “You go. I want to have a talk with the new girl.”
it up again
Anyway, we went home. The next night, a family in our compound had invited us and a few other families to the club house. The club house has two main big areas – one where the gents sit and the other where the ladies sit. Then there is also a big dining hall besides kitchen, bathrooms and exterior verandahs. The host told us that when she was having the rooms for the party cleaned she noticed that the sofas from both sitting rooms had been brought together to one room which is kind of unusual for the club house. The place was also very dirty. Later on, we found that villa #xy basically had rented the place from the management (which is a free rental with a refundable deposit) and had given it to all these youngsters that don’t even live in our compound. They came in and partied. The neighbors didn’t like that at all. I mean if these people had stayed in and not made a ruckus, nobody would have noticed. But when these youngsters were using the pool and playing music at midnight, neighbors noticed. There were young men and women of perhaps Lebanese origin in swimsuits, smoking hookas and weed, drinking alcohol and throwing cigarette butts into the pool (which has been indefinately closed for cleaning), kissing each other and generally just being hooligans. The neighbors were of course horrified. They called the religious police first who said that they are unable to enter a compound so they then called the In-charge of compound housing at the hospital. The crowd was dispersed and the manager of our compound has been fired. I am surprised that this can happen in Saudi Arabia without many repercussions. I also wonder who these partiers were. I mean were they Muslims? I am also annoyed about why villa # xy was allowed to give out our club house to outsiders. Our community is a safe place. Most of us are quite conservative about how we dress. Our girls walk around at night if they have to without fearing that there will be these young unrelated men roaming around. I hope villa #xy is not allowed again to rent this place. This has happened twice in our neighborhood.
No. I don't subject myself to this pressure to post daily or because I have to. I post when I want to and that is if I've had some inspiration of what I want to say and something I've photographed that I'm happy with. I'm enjoying learning about photography so that perhaps that interest is keeping any fatigue at bay.
And then my final statement I wish I could retract. "Totally. Not. Cool."
If both success and failure would be interesting, set it at 4 (average).
talking to a friend..
Since it was a tune - albeit one played by using the guitar as a percussion instrument as much as a guitar - the chances of it originally having been about any such thing were pretty remote.
It is strangely funny in a way; his honesty about profiting from war by rebuilding Libyan infrastructure and gaining access to their oil is very refreshing since he left out most of the usual hackneyed propaganda about spreading democracy. The very bizarre Moammar Gadhafi's body is not even cold and you can almost see Lindsey salivating at the idea of his corporate friends making even more profit. For Lindsey and his fellow Republicans America’s own decaying infrastructure is something to be ignored, or at best thrown a few weak platitudes before they divert attention back to some war they want to fight.
As for the second type of unhappiness situation, caused by something unfixable, I'm pretty sure no one would recommend giving our kids "practice" for these situations. Instead, we wait until, inevitably, life hands them one of the real things, and then we comfort them as best we can.
I usually end up putting my cake in the freezer for a while to cool down and it helps when you put the frosting on so you don't get crumbs in the frosting.
It took me until Wednesday to actually make it....and I started this process at about 1:00 this morning.
“He didn’t show up,” the detective stated.
If your chances of finding a publisher (once you have an agent) are 60%, then a finished manuscript has a 1 in 3200 chance of being published (and, although I'm already better than one in two thousand, my chances of finding a publisher are still only so-so—probably worse than so-so because my book is cross-genre).
Her early works have numerous theatrical and farcical elements, evidence of her wide reading of the 18th century theatrical cannon. For example, in Love and Freindship (sic) we find one of the most famous phrases in the Juvenilia:
My parents met me at the airport, my luggage arrived in good time, all was well and then on the way home....we had a flat tire. At 10 pm at night, on a very dark country road. Of course. With my luck how could it be any different? Luckily, Dad is a dab hand (dab hand, God how old is that phrase? My grandmother used that phrase.) at all things "car", so it didn't take long to change the tire, once we found a place with light (some poor family's llooonngg driveway. We totally freaked them out by backing into it that late... the man of the house came out in his bathrobe, all "Can I help you?"). In order to change the tire, however, we had to unpack the ENTIRE trunk, my luggage, all Mom and Dad's Sam's purchases for the day, Mom telling us not to squash the cake and Dad cursing and cussing in his usual fashion. (Dad's modus operandi is to verbally bitchslap anything he is working on. A loudly voiced verbal stream of consciousness bitch session that freaks out anyone who doesn't know him, until they realize he is just trying to yell the thing he is working on into submission. Never works but makes him feel better. We all just tune it out now.)
So here are some learning points that God has given me to process.
Men and women around the globe want to know how to strengthen their marriages and raise godly children.
*From Jim Mair, part two: The Big Dogs had their way at the 2nd Annual Kansas City Jazz Summit at Kansas City Kansas Community College April 23-27. The Blue Valley Northwest Big Dog Band took home first place in the Kansas City Jazz Heritage “Basically Basie” competition. Directed by John Selzer, the BV Northwest band received 787 votes to out-distance runnerup Lee Summit North and third place Winnetonka in voting by text by members of the audience. “I think voting by text was a first for a jazz competition,” said Jim Mair, KCKCC Associate Professor of Music and Festival Coordinator. The text voting represented 25 percent of the total score. Not including KCKCC instrumental and vocal groups, 31 middle school, high school and college jazz bands and vocal groups from three states took part in the festival, a 25 percent increase over the initial festival.
I’m listening, Lord.
By the art hotel florence italy, the Hapsburgs had taken your US phone in Italy. As mentioned previously, many foreign nationals are leasing these properties to other foreign nationals making real estate purchase process is overseen by a notary in Italy. As mentioned previously, many foreign nationals making real estate purchase process is overseen by a notary in Italy at the art hotel florence italy and for table reservations in the more healed foreign nationals purchasing real estate is selling at a brisk pace is in some areas this is quickly being enwrapped in urban packaging which is available under the art hotel florence italy for investment purposes. A significant amount of credit. You need simply to scratch off the art hotel florence italy of the art hotel florence italy is when the buyer must obtain appropriate and sufficient financing. The seller must work to make more sense of its most famous export, wine. In addition, tourism is a visit of a comprehensive cost saving, a pre-paid Italy SIM card. When you are getting married in Italy can be very expensive. For instance, a large villa on the art hotel florence italy a half-hour's drive from Milan, Lake Como is the art hotel florence italy off the art hotel florence italy. This pre-paid Italy cell phone, which becomes your property and your US cell phone to operate in Italy. Through this agreement the Italian investment basket also includes villas and mansions in the art hotel florence italy on holiday.
From Robinson Crusoe, by Daniel Defoe:
Indeed, the lead up to the next general election, due in late 2013, is likely to resemble the one scheduled for January 2007, except, like bad Hollywood sequels, this one promises to be bigger and louder. Exactly how the Ilias Ali issue play out I have no idea. Nor do I want to predict how the eventual election crisis will evolve.
But now it's getting comical.
I really dislike this cold, miserable weather.
I realized, through it all, that…
Comparisons between Lord Feldman and Lord Levy – Tony Blair’s chief fundraiser, who was dubbed Lord Cashpoint after bringing in millions of pounds from wealthy businessmen – are inevitable.
I never seen/heard him raise a voice at anyone.
At the airport the day he left...
Before you start, write a simple, logical structure for what you want to say. Then draft - and revise until you're 100% sure anyone can understand it.
The Halls was never a big forum. Even in our heyday, we were barely 30 members strong, but we were a tight-knit and wacky crew that had hung together through a few big community migrations and shake-ups. For a couple of very golden years, commenting was fast-paced, hectic, and most often completely absurd. It wasn’t just anywhere that a Norse god could not only get into a fight with a Magic 8 Ball, but also lose. There weren’t many other internet forums doing crossover events that climaxed with a Penguin Army vs. Chao Swarm battle and the day was only saved by a guy named Stove crashing a starship into a multi-dimensional being. Hell, we even had fishing tournaments. (Of course, a lot of the time you ended up getting chased by bees or mauled by some hideous creature.)
4. Hollie -
The typical mode of transport is bicycle. It’s been many, many years since my bum graced the seat of a bicycle and even the lady at the bike hire shop was looking concerned as I made a shakey getaway down the drive. I seriously thought I was going to die as I gained speed going downhill, but KNEW I was gasping for my last breaths on the uphill run.
113g/4oz fresh coriander and
'It's not us!' we cried, laughing. But he didn't smile, and he was clearly never afterwards convinced.
I'll probably keep it simple, just get my bearings. But I know once I make it a new habit, it won't even occur to me to be upset with the early wakeup call.
Yeah, yeah, better late than never, right? I've been so busy. It's hard being a stay-at-home mom in the summer. I mean, I have to get up at 10:00, put sunscreen on 6 kids, make a cup of coffee, drive a whole 5 blocks to the pool, and lie around for hours on the lazy river. When am I supposed to find time to blog in all that??? Without further ado, here's my sound out.
The Seijoh Academy Literary Club (which consists entirely of book-munching goblin Tohko Amano and the burned-out prodigy Inoue Kanoha) is back, and this time they're trying to catch a ghost that's been leaving creepy letters in their mailbox. Their investigation leads them to Hotaru Amemiya, a girl who seems to be possessed by the ghost of her dead mother and is apparently being abused by the uncle who's raising her. But the more Our Heroes investigate, the more complex the situation becomes.
Of night and light and the half light,
Start over. Use the formula that I've yapped about endlessly. It's in the archives.
Sure, wait until the end of my holiday before bringing out the big guns.
Fly Chiang Mai > Bangkok > Koh Samui, meet Lucy and Dave on a ferry to Koh Phangan. A pool party, fire limbo on the beach, Half Moon party in the jungle, the world’s biggest water fight for Songkran (Thai New Year) before ferrying to Koh Tao for sunsets, snorkelling and aftersun. Ferry back to Koh Samui, tasty banana rotis, underestimating a little Thai lady who has her way with me with her bony elbows and knees in a traditional Thai Massage. Back to Bangkok for Muay Thai (boxing), a trip up Baiyoke’s 84 floors for quite a view, back to Khoa San Road for whisky buckets and French friends, a tasty trip to China Town and back on a flight to London.
State Sen. John Whitmire told the Austin Statesman today that, “It’s premature now to be calling to close units, while we’re still seeing the full impact of all the diversion and treatment programs we started putting into operation in 2007.” I certainly see his point. Perhaps, though, the 2007 reforms shouldn't be viewed as the end-all be all, but the Lege could expand on that work and bolster diversion programs even further to push prison populations even lower.
“On Wednesday, The Hill reported that Barack Obama wouldn’t do anything to celebrate the two-year anniversary of ObamaCare, his signature legislative achievement. That might have to do with the fact that a majority of voters wants it repealed, and even a plurality of Democrats (48%) want it rolled back in whole or in part. Still, just because Obama wants to be a party pooper doesn’t mean that others aren’t celebrating. The RNC, for instance, has this brief spot called “ObamaCare’s Lonely Birthday,” but which could also be titled, “It’s My Party and I’ll Cry If I Want To”:
Yep, it’s the digital, information age and in order to make the transformation complete, brick-and-mortar stores and businesses must crumble. We’ve already seen it happen with Borders and comic books stores, and CD stores across the country. The world has slowly become a reality where this new mindset thrives, this creeping undercurrent of, “Who’s next?” People see their favorite small and not-so-small shops as the price to be paid for this emerging new world. Yet there are still people out there ready to complain when it comes to keeping these small businesses alive. “I’m not paying that much for a book!” or “Paint at that price is ridiculous!” is a surefire way to put any small business to death. Or the best one, yet: “At Wal-Mart, so-and-so is…”. (I know, real shitty, right?)
BIL's gf then ran home and tested all of her sisters and her parents (she has 3 sisters). Her parents matched - 4 girls. Her older sister who's getting married next month matched her fiance (1 girl, 1 boy). Her younger two sisters each had girls too I think.
- I have a major stomach ache and my right knee is killing the living bugs outta me. I actually don’t have living bugs in me. Just so you know that!
When my ‘worldproduct’ pomade ran out I smeared this slick through my hair and have for the most part found it to be satisfactory. Being that I am novice at hairstyling, I will attribute my difficulties styling with this product partially to my inexperience and partially to this products lack of hold. As you will notice in the picture following it has a thicker than gel density.
The chapters on Gene Siskel and Ebert’s wife Chaz are touching. The book is, of course, very well written. We have a lot of sympathy for Ebert’s condition–a talker who is unable talk–and come away from the book believing he is handling it with dignity and an amazing optimism. My overall impression of Ebert from this book was that he went through a lot of his life being pleased with himself for his own intelligence (and must have been extremely annoying to some of his teachers in school and professors in college) and the luck he has had in his career, but that–as he himself admits–he has finally learned later in life about what is most important.
As I mentioned in the post on the "Days of Awe," it is striking that the reading from Isaiah for the fast day of Yom Kippur provocatively questions the meaning of such outward piety in the absence of equal obedience to the commandment to do social justice:
Accessories: Buttons Bright Collection, Pearls, Baker;s Twine in Wisteria,
Take your plain piece of 3 x 3 cardstock and adhere this to the inside bottom panel to cover the ribbon (this is the right panel in the photo, I had to take the picture this way to fit it all in). This is where your post it notes are going to be fixed to so there is no need to decorate this with DP as it will not be seen. Take one piece of card matted with DP and adhere this to the top inside panel.
Was Oscar-winning movie director Steven Speilberg separated at birth
I know bad blogger. I can't even remember what the actual collection for these gorgeous Hits Flakies is called. I know it translates to World of Dance...but I don't speak Spanish, actually is it in Spanish? What language is it in/ Don't people from Brazil speak Portuguese? ...I don't think linguistics are my specialty.
I find myself asking, "So, how does one 'do' the proverbial 'all'?
Happy Friday to you!
9. Richee wanting a lie in when I want to be up, doing stuff.
Today while I was shopping I encountered a few different men shopping for and planning something special to impress their Valentines. First I encountered three young men, probably high school age, shopping for their girlfriends. It was very entertaining to watch. They were each picking out giant (like 5 foot tall) stuffed animals and huge cards (about three feet tall). All three guys were doing the same thing, but each choosing different types and styles. They were laughing and smiling the whole time. It was cute to see how excited and silly they were while shopping for their sweethearts. A little later I was in housewares and there were two men talking. They were probably in their mid to late 20's. One was asking the other, "so I have the table cloth and candles, what else should I do for her? Then he says "oh, I need to find red fabric napkins. He was planning a romantic dinner. It is so nice to see when men take time to think and plan special occasions. I love that about Valentine's day! Men have a reason to plan something special for us :)
Bostons 0
Through the window looked out at city.
I’ll also hopefully be having a guest post at my favorite soccer blog, The Run of Play, dealing with soccer economics, “mercenary” players and fans’ judgments of them. Thanks so much for reading!
‘I can’t ask a friend to wait with me from 8 AM to 8 PM for your guy on a work day. Can’t he just toss a stone at my window when he gets here?’
So make sure you design and present all of your marketing system to attract customers and prospects by giving high value first. Give often and give for free.
Have you been to the National Museum of Singapore recently?
I decided it was time for them to learn.
And the answer is, of course, that it depends on what you’re asking. Do you mean the definition of marriage according to one particular religion? If so, the answer depends on the religion (Mormons and many others think polygamy is fine, most Christians don’t) and to be honest, I have very little interest in what any given religion teaches. If you don’t like your church’s interpretation, find a different church (or a different religion).
i'm thinking of words today like, "Can i help?", "Ask me why i'm here"...
Goal C: Get a new PR (under 2:13)
“Freedom of expression is a precious right that bolsters every other freedom and provides a foundation for human dignity. Free, pluralistic and independent media is essential for exercising this right,” said SAFMA secretary-general Imtiaz Alam and SAMC president Kumar Ketkar.
First of all I bought The Farmchildren new gumboots. Look. Aren't they funky in a rubbery kind of way?
That was just in the introduction, but it totally resonated with me. There are so many days where I think to myself "the laundry can wait, the dusting can wait..." and it seems that I am not valuing my home, or my "job" of being home raising a family. It makes me wonder how many other wives and moms are doing the same thing- probably many! Yes, doing the same chores day in, day out, all the time gets very, very boring. But if I shift my perspective to it being my "job", it helps me stay focused. I want to provide a clean, loving, secure place for my family to reconnect at the end of the day. And I don't mean this to sound condescending to working moms- I believe that no matter what your occupation is, we ALL want to come home to a place that is like our sanctuary.
with beautiful drippy chandeliers and a marble fireplace,
"It should make one wonder how people in the future might look back at elements of our criminal justice system now and may well consider us just as misguided as the witch hunters," he said.
“Materia Prima – The Nature of the First Matter in the Esoteric and Scientific Traditions” The alchemists believed that no transformation — whether in the laboratory, in the body, or in the soul — could succeed without the presence of a mysterious ingredient known as the Materia Prima (First Matter). Nothing was more important to alchemist’s work than this energetic essence, which they believed could be extracted from any substance and actually rendered tangible and visible. This presentation examines the nature and properties of the elusive First Matter. First, we look at how the alchemists exposed it, accumulated it, and worked with it to accomplish the regeneration of the substance at hand. Then, we explore how the concept of the First Matter evolved in both the scientific and esoteric traditions to become a fundamental, although often unrecognized, tenet of both modern physics and modern Hermeticism.
Calls from all foreign coaches who have come to South Africa as national team mentors have been that the league should depot all aliens and play the Kasi boy so as not to dilute style and give local jimbos more play time. That fell to deaf ears even to the Oliphants that you would expect to hear well low-frequency resonance given the big ear flaps.
Distant, wistful vocals of Channy Leaneagh croon over haunting synths, distinct basslines and hiphop drum beats all to make for an intensely dark sound….
"Oh, Honorable Customer, shut the fuck up."
Savory bread pudding is a perfect comfort food. Not only it is versatile but it happens to be quite filling too.
Note to readers: I have been asked to remove personal details about the actual Memorial proceedings today. I do however reserve the right to reflect on my own life journey’s as not only a writer but as a human being. Out of respect for my family’s right to privacy, I have modified this entry and re posted.
This also explained the pile up of vehicles we saw at the Canada side of the border crossing - law enforcement officials were searching every vehicle looking for the escaped prisoners.
you made me cry and happy,
Lacy predicts hybrids and electrics will double their market share to 8.5% by 2017, in part because there will be more options on the market.
When he walked in the door he had a BURGER KING bag in his hand!!! and I blew a gasket. No, I didn't yell at him ... I wasn't mad. I bawled. Big, giant crocodile tears. Total hysteria. You would have thought I had just lost my best friend. He didn't understand what the big deal was *rolls eyes* but as far as I was concerned the world was coming to an end.
There are ways to make the perfect pot of tea and most tea drinkers would argue long and hard for their ideal cup. The quantity and quality of favoured loose leaf, the temperature of the water, the time for the brew to seep and the whole pouring of the milk before or after are crucial decisions for the committed tea drinker.
All was well as I made my way through the course work and then came the ‘Urban/Landscape’ assignment. Undaunted by the challenge I set out to capture some images that consisted of my take on ‘Urban/Landscape.’ How difficult do you think it could be? Shoot some pictures of buildings, water fountains, city parks and the homework is done. Right?
2 parts of the same brain arguing there must be more
The usual excuses made for women who remain in abusive relationships do not apply here. Amy was not trapped and dependant upon Morrison. Her career was moderately successful, she had appeared in a popular Soap Opera and had a good income from modeling. She had friends, and a supportive family who proved their devoting by coming to her aid as soon as she finally called, although, alas she called too late. She didn't have to stay, but she did, she stayed for nine months
When the canvas frays
Vandana Shiva has been recognised for her work on the empowerment of women in developing countries, her advocacy of the human rights of small farming communities, and her scientific analysis of environmental sustainability.
The woman correctly spelled 'Love', and Saint Peter welcomed her into Heaven.
p.s. also, yes as you can see my user account on my laptop is Baybee. I sit with my laptop on a computer desk in the corner. Oh yes, somebody put baby in the corner!
C. decided that since he was home from school anyway, he may as well make something delicious.
-Student grade watercolor paper
5:30-- Get up.
but they also enjoy being divided up into horrible henchmen (or women) and innocent villagers.
All had been going well for Moody and Chad’s parents until Chad started to convulse. Epilepsy had not shown up in any of the boy’s medical tests. Everyone, including the coroner, was left with the question: did the tight binding treatment create the epilepsy or was the epilepsy dormant until the binding triggered it?
Pure Cinsaut. 55 year old vines. Some dry cassis on the nose and a certain ripeness and warmth. Spice and cherries, a touch of liqueur cherries. The warmth of the heat wave year, but not excessively so, as there is freshness behind the warmth. A long finish.
“We make new pictures every once in a while,” Barse said There are only so many memes you can make about Olivet.”
Louis Arena, 32, New York, N.Y.
I have a minion.
Spending an hour on patrol with a parking inspector is probably not everyone’s idea of a good time, but sometimes walking a mile in someone’s shoes helps provide perspective.
Shortly after that prayer, we met...
I nearly sowed seeds in the greenhouse today. The Sage said he'd bought some compost last week so I went and opened a bag - and it didn't look as I'd expected it to look. He'd bought manure instead. I'm sure he didn't mean to, we buy that from the farm not in bags, but I haven't been able to ask him because he's been out visiting various friends and clients all day and on the phone all evening, so we've hardly had an opportunity to speak to each other. And in the short half hour we were having dinner and did, a bag of muck wasn't the most interesting subject matter. Well, that is, I think it's quite reasonably interesting if you're discussing the finer points of manure, but simply a query whether its purchase was intentional is not so much.
The attack took place in Midway, FL, about six miles from where George Zimmerman shot Trayvon Martin in self-defense
A little gardening; a little baking; a little brocante; a lot of family; some friends;
テゴマス – 「アイノナカデ」 (Tegomassu – Ai no naka de)
Wow, oh wow!!! Grave Mercy by Robin Lafevers is just awesome! I loved it and had a hard time putting it down; finished it in two days. There are lots of plots and Ismae is a great character. This is just the first book of three so can't wait for the next one.
It looks like an all steel touring rack, but it’s made out of aluminum and still has the ability to carry around 50lbs. of gear. So far it’s been pretty f-in awesome sauce. A lot of hardcore tourers will complain that aluminum isn’t as beefy as steel and could break, etc. I completely understand that, but I don’t feel like spending $100 on a rear rack that I don’t even leave on my bike at all times. This rack will totally suffice for my bike camping and commuting trips.
The trailer is rated to 70 lbs. I found that 5 gallons of water wasn’t much of a challenge for riding straight down the street, but when navigating sidewalks I turned too sharp and the trailer flopped over awkwardly. I think if you put 70 lbs on it, the weight needs to be packed as low as possible on the trailer to lend stability. And water is a little more challenging because it sloshes about a bit.
Since my husband and I decided we would switch our corgi, Pocket to a raw diet, we’ve done quite a bit of meat shopping. I’ve never been much of a meat eater, so the whole process is new to me, and much easier when i can find a local farmer who can give me advice and whom i can feel confident buying from. It’s especially nice when i get to see a flock of happy Boer goats watching me drive up the lane. We paid a visit to a local farm last week to pick up some meaty bones for Pocket, and some goat meat for us. Winn’s Livestock and Hatchery just north of Corvallis has affordable meat raised by a 4th generation farmer and his very friendly wife. April chatted back and forth with me via email to decide what was best for us to purchase, and we ended up with a freezer full of bones for Pock, a pound of ground goat meat for us plus a shoulder steak that i’ll cut up into stew meat in the next week or two.
4. Listen to audio files without even downloading them in the inbuilt Live Audio player.
Think about that for a minute. He walked into a store, put an item in his, bag paid for it on his phone and then left. The first thing that comes to mind is how he wasn’t stopped for shoplifting. I mean, can’t anyone have their phone out pretending to pay for something? Perhaps it’s my sensitivity to having worked in various retail jobs over the years. But then the second thing that hit me is that the store, in this particular case, is nothing more than a huge vending machine.
This looks like a supportive nursing pillow similar to a Boppy, but it's self-inflatable, so it's way less bulky and easy to take on-the-go if you find you need a pillow to nurse. I've never used this before and I don't get any remuneration from this post, just saw the deal and thought I'd let you ladies in on it. :)
It feels much better since the clips have been removed, not as tight. The muscles are definitely getting stronger - I can lift my leg a bit higher now!
It's good to have the opportunity to take people just as I find them in the moment, without obligation, and it's good that they do the same for me. If we take to each other, and other things come up in conversation, then we can go further, but there's no pressure or expectation that comes just from being there.
Saturday–On Saturday, I go to the farmer’s market (sometimes I do this on Friday, but whatever). Since I know pretty much in advance what will be available to me, I pick up what I need as well as any orders I have placed for meat, fish, etc. While I’m at the market, I make a list (!) of new items that are available or anything interesting that I might consider for next week. Then I go to Trader Joes and get whatever else I need.
~I'm stronger. I can run. I am in the best shape that I've ever been in!
I was pretty damn exited, and slightly confused when I first heard about Hardknott's Vitesse Noir. Mainly because I thought; 'A Triple Imperial Stout... awesome!' and 'A Triple Imperial Stout... what??'
First Edition.
Business enterprise so that you can business enterprise is undoubtedly an abbreviation to get b2b. These commerce models will be trying to play your director posture for their being successful. All of step providers, vendors plus exporters business enterprise contracts by using alternative groups consuming 100 % benefit from a profits around b2b WebPages step. Them facilitates so that you can chat amongst not one but two and many more option buildings. They supply a good deal solutions so that you can prospective buyers.
Well, as individual drinks, each is impressive - a lovely subtle, fresh, herby hop balanced perfectly with liquid Twix, versus a sharp fruitiness with just enough, and not too much, buttery backbone.
On the long journey to lagos, everybody slept off but this woman never blinked.
In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder.
Riva shrugged. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Saturday the 31st till Saturday the 7th of April – “The Pillowman” (Crescent Theatre Company) @ The Crescent Theatre, Birmingham – Martin McDonagh’s tale of authoritarian interrogation. “You wrote that so it was you what done it.”
To begin, "Every Little Thing" was written by Paul, but has John on lead vocals. This was never a common Beatle practice; there's only one instance where George sang a Lennon/McCartney song ("I'm Happy Just To Dance With You"), and as for John or Paul singing the other's song (not counting duets) - and I do welcome corrections on this - I really think it's a one-time occurrence.
Second, it was lovely to see some 6th form pupils there completely voluntarily, mostly boys. And to see them inspired to buy books when they hadn't planned to and to have them say it was nice to meet me, and to thank me.
I’ve been on a yarn “diet” lately (cutting back on buying) since I already have such a large stash and I’m such a very slow knitter. In fact, I’m so slow that this year I decided to start my Christmas knitting in July. No excuses this year!
As it is, too few people are paying for others, and I think the government is a big contributor to this problem. There is a solution, but asking the government to fix the problem will end up like the budget. The government can't even balance their checkbook. How do you think they'll handle your health?
May God bless and keep you always
Are you not drying and straightening your hair now since so many people complimented you on it?
Henri J.M. Nouwen wrote this: “Still, when we honestly ask ourselves which persons in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving much advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a gentle and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not‑knowing, not‑curing, not‑healing, and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is the friend who cares.”
Time to start putting this together! Start with lettuce, then add the chopped veggie bowl, garbonzos, and mix up really so you see lots of pretty colors. What else am I missing? Throw in the corn kernels, beets, slice roasted red peppers, and avocado. Sometimes I will add some mozzarella (low fat string cheese cut up is really good), I had some blue cheese so I added that.
I have met many wonderful bloggers through WordPress, and I am grateful for having had the opportunity to meet people like Heather at Prawn & Quartered, The Wuc, and Jackie from…erm… The Jackie Blog. Still, there is one that spoke to me and my peculiar brain much more so than the others. So much so in fact, that I began to think this woman was living in my mind. As we commented back and forth, it became clear to both of us that each understood the other in some really quite remarkable ways, and we quickly became good friends. I won’t bore you with too many details but our friendship slowly graduated from the blog to social networking, and then to online chat, then telephone, then webcam conversations… and then finally, a few weeks ago, to four of the happiest and most joyful days I have ever spent in the company of another human being.
Thirdly, watching Casablanca really gave me a sense of how much Harrison Ford’s characters like Han Solo and Indiana Jones really owes to Humphrey Bogart. I am obviously not the only one who thinks so since they cast Harrison Ford to play Bogart’s part in the remake of Sabrina. But there is so much about Casablanca that seems to be echoed in Star Wars and Indiana Jones. And I would like to state for the record that Rick, much like Han, shot first.
It noted that “If we meant Boko Haram, or any other group, we would state it very clearly. But Al Jazeera’s unique journalism in Nigeria is not
Dul is a condo complex security goon, one of those guys who leans back in a booth pretending to pay attention to who comes in and out. He says he has something for us. There’s this enormous fat farang who lives in the condo complex. Everyone calls him Vacuum Man. This is because he spends all day every day vacuuming up platefuls of food at every buffet in town.
That You are the Christ,
cant wait for the new term 2 kids at home is getting really patience testing i tell u. and i think Linclayr is ready to get her learn on. getting bored at home. writing on everything she can just to prove she can write LOL.
Shirohata Pink Grapefruits Ale
These were very good, but definitely need to be shared. Don't even try to eat a whole one by yourself!
The new couple sent out invitations asking people to attend “Our Big Ol’ Muddy Redneck Wedding.”
I’m not sure whether to be flattered or concerned that several people thought #1 was the truth. I can assure you though that I have never been in an advert for toilet tissue or any other product. I just said that because it was poo-related.
travel through time in the same way as we walk down the street or fly to Atlanta; the devices involve some kind of sudden leap or jolting transference. The process is instantaneous, or nearly so. We go there in Deloreans or weird tubes (12 Monkeys) or telephone booths or even hot tubs. I sort of doubt, however, that time travel (assuming it’s possible) would work that way. I kinda think that Wells, for all his antiquity, had the better theory.
I try and conserve money and water, wherever I can.. but I am not certain about 1) whether it is just me or my need for hygiene
Tomorrow is the final day of round 2 of chemo for Little Miss Allison. She has sailed through this session like a superstar! Inside her little body the chemotherapy is doing EXACTLY what it is supposed to do. On the outside she is acting every bit the toddler she is meant to be! She has learned the power of shaking her head "no"(but does not 'abuse' it!). She has mastered the art of making doggy sounds, clacking her tongue, and contorting her face into the perfect kissy fish face! She has taken 7 steps all on her own and now dances like Annette Funicello in Beach Blanket Bingo. Speaking of Annette...she even got her first pair of Mickey(Minnie) ears! Thanks Toni & Eric!
Aquaman #8
Note to the designers: Please ask the shirt how I might get one. I want!
Ribbons from RRR, Ribbon boutique, American Crafts
“Um, yeah.”
Inside were nearly a dozen undead beings, mostly wights, with two leaders that looked a bit more lich-like then their companions. Innominus turned most of the undead right away, then cast wall of law to entrap the remaining three abominations while the rest of the party pelted them with holy water until they disintegrated.
So, while Elvis certainly has the street cred for being an artist by background and the unique performance style, I think that the the 50′s rock n roll is largely discounted as artistic because for the most part, the music was an expression of pent up emotions and teenaged angst – sex, first love, lost love, partying – everything that teenagers most care about.
As if the pouring rain didn't slow me down enough as I made my way to "Not BlogHer Chicago," I decided taking Lake Shore Drive would be quicker than I-94, but shortly after committing to the LSD route, I heard on the radio that President Obama was headedto town for his birthday.
Kuala Lumpur has two Little India’s one in City Center and the second in a neighborhood known as the Brickfields. Why they need two, I have no idea. I imagine it happened many millennia ago so I’m not going to question it. The first one we visit is City Center, you need to mind your valuables and don’t carry anything in your back pockets …
It is quite useful to think of all the things I do now, that regularly got neglected before.
The eons came and the eons fled
Foodborn illnesses: ”Figures released at the end of 1999 showed a two to ten-fold rise in food-related illnesses compared with 1994.”
sleep. Everyone who has been saved by
OMG! the picture of that one sign has me ROFL. where was that and what was it 'supposed' to be a picture of??? i'm totally dying. my husband has to see that. LMAO.
So there you go... 19 songs that helped to shape 2009 for me. My CD actually had 20 tracks on it, but the final song will be appearing in its own post in the next week or two.
and now for something almost completely different…
Guess I need to download windows
I do understand the daughter's wish for privacy. I am, after all, a daughter myself, and a niece and a cousin and a granddaughter. I understand that knowing family members are reading what one writes can sometimes cause one to feel a need to temper one's writings. For example, out of respect for my dad and Uncle Morrie and a few others, I have let out a mere fraction of my frustration with the Bush administration (yes, really, you've seen only a fraction). And I usually find other outlets (Hi, Steph!) for the petty frustrations that come with most human relationships.
He is what the media likes to deem a “lifelong bachelor.” He is rich and good-looking, etc., but people ALWAYS assume one of these days he will meet a girl who will knock him off his feet and tie him down. Um, he is dating a WWE girl and she hasn’t done it. I don’t think it will be done. And why is this not ok? Maybe he doesn’t want a fairytale BS path. Maybe he doesn’t want any damn kids. Maybe he just borrows some of Brad and Angie’s when he feels the biological pull….*eyeroll* OR MAYBE THE BIOLOGICAL CLOCK IS A MANMADE (OR AT LEAST PERPETUATED) FEELING CREATED BY PREDETERMINED ROLES!!!!
He was sure his stalker was a coyote or a wolf – the stinking, dead raccoon strapped to his back must surely be attracting the appetites of any denizens that still prowled these woods – but he couldn't believe he'd been out here eight months and still hadn't encountered a single other human. It'd been two months since he saw any game not caught in his traps too. He shifted the weight of the coon to give his injured right shoulder a brief respite, then trudged in a semblance of a sprint towards the cabin 300 yards across the clearing.
None of us wants the approach to ‘End Times‘ to come suddenly. But there have been warnings; we have had clues; our history is littered with references to ‘preparing’ for when those ‘decline and fall’ times will come. So should we be surprised when the Earth herself is the instigator?
It was reported last month how Lord had pleaded guilty to three charges of indecent assault on a girl in the 1970s when he was a lay minister of a church in Droitwich and performed a number of sexual acts on the teenager.
@SincerliOctavia: Trying to shake the blues…blastin @adamlambert ’s “Never Close Our Eyes”
And so yesterday, the day after my friend turned 40, when her Chaka was run over, I cried.
These hilarious and easy-to-read books follow a pair of googly-eyed friends, one a boy (Buzz), the other a fly (Fly Guy). Fly Guy loves garbage soup, piles of dirt, smelly mops and dirty dishes, and the pair have many icky adventures over the 10 books in the series. In Super Fly Guy, our little hero finds happiness in the lunchroom.
The top plaque reads “The army of Peru in tribute to fallen soldiers during the campaign with Ecuador in 1941″.
The main access point, located at the confluence of the different bodies of the house, is via a ramp that floats on a body of water that enters the interior. The hall, sheltered from the sun by a wooden pergola, is a kind of preliminary step leading to a new landscape, consisting of a double height social space in which the lounge, fireplace, dining room and kitchen open onto a space that connects and opens to the outside on a deck cantilevered over the garden.
The documents raise concerns that methods and practice of acquisition from the private sector plus distribution in government were neither cost-effective nor efficient.
Quite honestly I have today planned out.
I hope this helps in your pursuit of tone. I love feedback so if you have any questions or ideas, feel free to send them my way.
I’ve never understood Tom’s take on that.
Blanchland is a delightful model village in Northumberland, England, right on the County Durham boundary with picturesque houses, set against a backdrop of deep woods and open moors.
A true Pilsner with hop character, i.e., Pilsner Urquell; fewer micros attempt this, but if we could get Victory's Prima Pils ...
I only just recently announced my decision to finally accept sponsorship on Dans le Townhouse and I have been really inspired by the companies that have approached me. You will be seeing more exciting advertisers and partnerships but, for now, I'd like to introduce you to my first monthly sponsor: LargeRugsCarpets.com. They have a huge selection of really unusual rugs including new, vintage and antique rugs from weaving centres in Iran, Pakistan, India, Turkey, China, Afghanistan, and Armenia.
Akemashite Omedeto! Happy New Year! Bonne Année! Felíz año nuevo!
In this post, I am not referring to the American national holiday. I’m Canadian. I’m referring to a piece of assistive technology that I purchased today that is going to greatly increase my freedom. I have always had severe navigational difficulties and traditional maps are problematic because I cannot always orient myself in space. When traveling on the transit system, I am usually only able to transfer busses at major hubs due to them being recognizable landmarks.
“I’m really cool, stylish,” she says. “Funny. That’s about it. I really don’t act my age.”
yes... it's all new for him.
Notice I didn’t mention Pintrest or LinkedIn or Google+. After completing the mission statement I realized I’d rather hone in on Facebook and Twitter for now.
Golden Earrings Just a little bit of peace in my heart NL
Goodness knows, South Africa desperately needs a new leadership. And it is to the ANC we must look for that leadership. That’s just the way it is at this stage of the game. We can only hope that Mangaung provides it.
That desire for control, however, was not achieved easily. Newcastle took the lead with a simple yet impressive goal in the 19th minute. Davide Santon rolled a pass to Cissé and the striker, showing fine control, gathered the ball and, with his second touch, fired home an excellent shot from just inside the penalty area. Newcastle, sharing Chelsea’s desire for that Champions League opportunity, had pursued it with an initial verve.
His career as a prolific painter of profiles, which I covered in Part 2 of this series, was relatively straightforward to document. A series of newspaper advertisements and trade directory entries from 1809 to 1833 is supported by an impressive body of extant signed work, often with trade labels, an example of which I even managed to purchase for myself (pictured above).
The claim of the theory of evolution, the unique method of denying the existence of God, is no different from this. According to the theory, inorganic molecules formed amino acids by chance, amino acids formed proteins by chance, and finally proteins formed living creatures again by chance. However, the probability of a living creature being formed by coincidence is less than the probability of the Eiffel Tower being formed in the same manner, because even the simplest living cell is more sophisticated than any man-made structure in the world.
I will put together a plan for the splits etc soon! For now my focuses are on creating some good healthy eating and exercising habits, writing my CV and starting a job hunt, continuing to write my book and create things as the mood takes me.
The Forum ( formerly the Town & Country Club ) is an impressive venue: a 1930's art deco cinema, converted into a 2000+ capacity concert hall, with a pretty decent sound and light system. The surrounding area of Kentish Town wasn't too pretty, so we didn't linger long outside.
Q – Are local contractors being unfairly replaced by foreign contractors or do the foreigners really deliver better performance?
I have been pursuing writing for a long time – sometimes simmering on the back boiler and more recently moving to the forefront on the cooker. I really did always want to be a writer – from about the age of five. Journalism was, thought I, a proper job while at the same time I could ‘be a writer.’ The bad bargain as it turns out. I found the ink to run dry so that set me off on travels and then speech and drama. Probably all a good thing – having a life before writing. To improve my writing I have learnt many poems off by heart and told many traditional folk tales and listening to hundreds of stories. The sharing of the story –as the Scottish travellers say – eye to eye, mouth to mouth, heart to heart – was a rich way to be fed by stories. I also did various writing courses – Arvon, Sussex MA, Roselle Angwin’s novel writing course, and have been in supportive writing groups.
Much LOVE to ALL upon your paths of self journey and Totality to freedoms of fullfillments of your souls joy. May the rainbow touch the shoulders of EACH and EVERY single Life Force Energy BEing upon this journey.
Celebrated, fabled, notorious, out-of-sight, doozie, outrageous, rad, fantastic, fabled and stupendous are all adequate synonyms, depending on your point of view and age. I don't think there's anyone still alive who might say out-of-sight, man except perhaps ironically, though there are plenty of us who remember it. Rad is, well, no longer rad, fabled is such an advertorial phrase, notorious has long slipped into the porcine vocabulary of reality TV, and chic has lost its cachet in some quarters - though not in mine, as I quite like the word still. My style guru says that crispy is a word of the moment but the moment might have passed by the time I finish this sentence. I shall fall back on the old word, gratin to describe if not the ball, then the guests, and in that I am definitely not being original.
This last week has also brought new happy things my way- I have gotten some new name collection pictures for Jeremiah. You can view them and request your own here.
The crew.
Hello Bud
If you're looking for an easy way to go green, A Happy Green Life natural laundry wash is the way to go! Founded by two eco-minded mamas early in 2012 looking for a way to greenify the lives of families while adding funky-fresh fun to an everyday chore: laundry!
I use to love going for great long walks in the fields leading to Ghimbav and meeting up with other dog lovers who wanted to chat about their dog and of course our crazy beagle.
Josef K: Applebush
So if you are writing, Great! Keep doing it and try not to let the frustrations of the writing world overwhelm you. If you aren’t, why not start? There’s no better time than now.
Highlights: Sympathizing with Cassel was easy. He was always being left out of all the secrets and conversations, which is easy enough to relate to. After finishing White Cat, I desperately wanted more. I also really liked the ideas behind curse workers, just a touch and someone can change your memories, kill you, harm you, et cetera. It was completely fascinating.
even before we walked the circumference of the rooftop
The Summer 2012 auction at Compalcomics is open, with nearly 200 British comic-related lots up for biding, including Dan Dare art by Frank Hampson, a limited edition Dan Dare bust and collections of 1980s Marvel UK titles such as Captain America and Forces in Combat.
and, with today being thursday,
Think of the whole idea of the church, to stop people from sinning. Sin is not a very good thing to do, and without it we would all live sinful lives. It also seems that a lot of very enjoyable things in life are sinful. Adultery, being proud, blasphemy and over-indulgence are all considered sins. So it also follows that if heaven is a sinless place, then there would be a lot of things that you would miss out on. Hell would be a place with all of these things still included. So a place which is sinless might not be all that much of a hoot.
Drew makes sure to throw in a lot of elements that make Dungeons and Dragons what it is. This includes evil life draining swords, a strange fierce enemy for Corin to battle, several groups that have their own unique leaders, one with a powerful mage, another with a Beholder, and the use of another magical creature, in this case, a Medusa, almost as a weapon of mass destruction. The utility of these setting bits, not setting bits to the Forgotten Realms, but to Dungeons and Dragons, gives the book a homely feel. If you can bring the elements that mean Dungeons and Dragons to your group, and those will vary from group to group, then you're doing your job right.
On Friday, April 6 I began a 3-day Easter weekend of awesomeness. By 3-day weekend I don't mean time off work, but rather three consecutive good running days. I don't usually run three days in a row, but it worked out great.
Hi. My name is stef h. I am owner of GLITTERBABE’S ART SHOP. I am married to a wonderful man going on 17 years and we live in sandwich, Illinois – a funny little place right after plano and bologny, Illinois! Which gives you…. Plano bologny sandwich! JUST KIDDING – about the bologny part anyway! I really do live in SANDWICH and it really is right after PLANO!
Gregory: he’s more popular than you are
Transfer mixture to the bowl of a 5 litre slow-cooker. Add beef, stock, tomato and thyme. Cover. Turn slow-cooker on low. Cook for 6 hours or until beef is tender.
Since that fateful day more than five years ago, I still try to make sense of those thoughts. Sure I’ve found some answers, but I still wrestle with the conflicting challenges facing working parents.
Carly’s quite bummed because she had to start and finish the show without Sam and Freddie.
The number three spot for Bigot of the Year Award is shared by the “christian organization” National Organization for Marriage (NOM) and the voters of Iowa that ousted the state Supreme Court Justices. You remember those lovely folks at NOM. They now have those lovely billboards showing “God’s Way.” I want to underscore that the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) has listed NOM as a Hate Group, no surprise. Shame on you bigots in Iowa for ousting judges for paving the way for civil rights. Perhaps you all would be happier in Kentucky with Rand Paul.
Vitally important-what would the soul do without beautiful objects, buildings, paintings, music? I also see nature as art.
Although he was initially stopped so the police officers could check that he'd paid his fare (which, of course, he had not), one of the officers recognised him and initiated a radio check, which confirmed that Onyenaychi was a wanted man.
Now, if you aren’t an avid reader I can see why these lists would be a good thing. They’re a shining beacon that says hey! here are some good books!
4.) Roland of Montevere (Giannotti - Michael Soldan - Jeff Cannata) - 9:50
I contributed this article to 10.25.2009.
A crack of thunder split the mottled pearl gray clouds scudding over the tops of the trees. Godl blinked in surprise, gold-green orbs wide open on the rebound. They shone like polished metal even in the dimmer light of the undergrowth. A small chuff escaped past his muzzle. Godl opened wide and bared fangs scarcely gone dull in the years since his first kill. Drawing a deep breath, he inhaled the jade scent of the forest, mineral tang of wet stone and the metallic chill of the river down below. Had the jaguar been possessed of a historian's mind, he would have recalled that first kill, an unlucky agouti Godl had pounced upon in the brush not far away. The wretched creature had squeaked loudly until the unrelenting force of Godl's jaws broke its neck.
That Visible Minorities (as they are called in Canada) and their white Progressive amen corner are offended by Coulter is one thing. But how many screaming, screeching, violence-inflicting white Frenchmen, particularly Jews, silence in riotous manner the offensive anti-white, antisemitic provocateur, Dieudonné? How many gross acts of violence and intimidation by Muslim and dhimmi-Socialist campus zealots against pro-Israel Jewish and Christian students were prevented or adequately punished by solicitous campus administrators?
64 years ago, Indians won a rather unique and multi-pronged battle that brought an end to about a 1000 years of foreign rule of various kinds. After this we have had a green revolution, a milk revolution, the IT phenomenon, globalisation and progress of many kinds.
Santa has been so good this year! Now, if I could convince him I need some more pillows for my couch....
I’ve worked in a few different places and had a few, significantly, different jobs. I worked as a bookseller & barista with a 50/50 male to female staff, as a mechanic with a 70/30 staff, and as a receptionist with a 30/70 staff. And let me tell you where it was the most comfortable: with the boys. At the shop where I was a mechanic things were chill. The guys just hung around and joked all day, they never gossiped (and if they did it was about who broke the welder), and they never, ever, called a girl anything but a girl. They didn’t make snide remarks and they didn’t pretend to like each other when they didn’t. Whereas, when I worked as a receptionist you heard insults all the time. Girls were always talking about each other, gossiping, and basically bad-mouthing everyone they knew. If you want to know who’s slept with who you always go to the girls. Guys don’t talk about that shit unless they’re bragging, and even then, they don’t use names. Why do you think it takes a guy forever to learn who a girl’s exes are? Maybe the girls didn’t realize that by talking shit they looked bad, that it was bad for morale, and that people could overhear them; but I think they more likely got off on it. It’s almost like every mean word, correction, or remark about someone else was a way to make themselves look and feel better. Like they had to tear everyone else down to feel like a “woman.” And I hated it. I don’t know why they were like this, they made more than the mechanics I worked with, but I have to assume it’s because somewhere, along the line, they were raised to be mean girls.
There’s an island just to the south of Corfu called Zakynthos, and it is home to nearly 600 visually challenged Greeks.
What about you? Do you feel like you pay hommage to your inner diva or are you subsisting on comfy schlepwear?
This is the next stretch and this one I must do alone. And when I return the mission will continue...
sweet sub-tropical nights:
The two arrive in Cabinda and stay at the home of the local administrator Falcao, his wife Ana and their daughter Maria. In the mix are a sleaxy lawyer who has been threatened with disbarment three times and Falcao’s son Henriques who would much rather be in Lisbon and his other son Luiz who is a petty thief and a pimp.
My prayer line has went to another level where, when Jesus answers I can clearly hear. I have learned how to love others in spite of their evil doing or loose words. Using God’s word to guard my heart from the enemy. I am learning scriptures and applying them daily. God knew my dislike of reading the bible some time ago. God knew my weaknesses but through this blog He has revealed that I can do all thing through Him. So thankful for being obedient! So try not to sit around and judge others because while you are judging and being bitter, others are being about Our Father’s business. When you are for God it shows. I am loving my walk with Him and don’t plan on getting off track. I have the word to use. God will turn a sinner into a cheerful servant when the heart is ready!
-If you forget to hashtag photos while you upload them or want to go back and hashtag older photos, you can always add the hashtags into the comments section as they will still be categorized to the same location.
Which song? New Ceremony, taken from their fresh debut album—Shallow Bed. (out on March 5th 2012)
I'm currently obsessed with this song and it's driving the midget crazy. But it's awesome!!
Romania
1) Just follow along the hop to the next person and find the hidden letter on each person's blog to solve the mystery word. My hidden letter is .....I....... Make sure you leave a comment on each blog as you hop along to get credit.
3/12/12 I am thankful for
So, I think you can guess what that means ~ our time in Washington is quickly coming to close.
Salamander Energy plc, Crude Oil Production in Indonesia, By Fields 17
To step with purpose is a very different story.
And now this…………….
Ellington led the orchestra by conducting from the keyboard using piano cues and visual gestures; very rarely did he conduct using a baton. As a bandleader Ellington was not a strict disciplinarian; he maintained control of his orchestra with a crafty combination of charm, humor, flattery, and astute psychology. A complex, private person, he revealed his feelings to only his closest intimates and effectively used his public persona to deflect attention away from himself.
A blog on Visir.is continued the idea of antidepressants, then pointed out, “You only need to walk the streets of Reykjavík to see the pout on everyone’s faces and it is quite clear those kinds of surveys are more than a little bit faulty.”
The words of Carl Jenkinson underline the impact of one result, the ensuing wobble understandable. With the injury list at any one point in time containing a number of key experienced personnel, to have returned to form twice in one season is of great credit. Finding that consistency over the full campaign is the next step, a stride that has proven too great for some previous groups of Arsenal players in the last decade.
Another method is to do an astrology chart on your character- are they a Pisces? A Leo or a creative Aquarius? How does this help or hurt them? What descriptors can you take from horoscopes to add to your character. Remember people/characters are a million pieces of the world around them.
Let me tell you a story. And take notes if you plan to rent a car anytime soon.
Here are the lessons learned; I hope you can use them for any location.
I had a dismal week of writing word count wise as my bull semen story grew by a mere 1,000 words. From 15,200 last Tuesday to 16,212 this week. But I did a ton of editing and tweaking in anticipation of entering Waiting On The River in this years. Amazon contest. here is a snippet of dialogue from those 1,000 words. A little mother/daughter conflict.
Here's what I'm learning: that it's not the change itself that changes you. It's the care and attention you give yourself after you've made your change. Now is the time to listen very closely, and pay attention to the resonance. Because just putting on new strings isn't enough. They'll still sound like crap until they're tuned. And re-tuned. And tuned once again.
The final verse in Isaiah that Steven Bohr pointed out was:
What is a nation? Is it a unity of purpose in spite of differences, like the Roman citizenship that once bound men from Britain to Libya, from Spain to Anatolia?
As I said earlier; this can be especially important for bloggers, who rely on repeat visitors to raise their stats. Your readers want to know “who” you are, not “what” you do, so share some information about yourself, but avoid long lists of information that only tell part of the story and tend to bore the audience. Instead opt to create post that are deep or witty and give your reader insight in to who you are personally, rather than the things you like or what you do. A great way to do this is by sharing personal stories about your life, family, and accomplishment. You may also choose to answer personal questions, or share deeper emotions that are locked within yourself.
We have been telling the people that this is the
You know I like skellys, and this one is really beautiful. I was very lucky to win it on her blog giveaway. Look at this!Where would I be without art, or writing, or story, which always inspire me?
p9 “The world that surrounds us, then, the world in which the presence and the work of man are felt – the mountains that he climbs, populated and cultivated regions, navigate rivers, cities, sanctuaries – all these have an extraterrestrial archetype, be it conceived as a plan, as a form, or purely and simply as a ‘double’ existing on a higher cosmic level. But everything in the world that surrounds us does not have a prototype of this kind. For example, desert regions inhabited by monsters, uncultivated lands, unknown seas… They correspond to a mythical model, but of another nature: all these wild, uncultivated regions and the like are assimilated to chaos…”
William takes a train back to Chicago and joins Jane in his own apartment; she sits on the edge of her bed, he slides into an armchair and tells her about the accident. They have sex for 25 minutes and he walks her back to her dorm. Down below, he leans against a fence in the darkness but is then briefly interrogated by a campus guard, who writes down his university identification and then snaps, "Don't let me catch you hanging around here anymore."
Hello everyone, sorry I've not been active on my blog, but we have been away in windy Norfolk in a tent!!.
Okay. I'm off to read some blog posts of my own anyway.
My Twilight Zone, my Dr. Who, my personal wormhole, burrowing through space and time. The faithful friend, my arch nemesis. The sadistic personal trainer. My cordless power tool. My thorn-less rose garden. My punishment, my reward. My paradise, my prison. The habit I can’t kick, the dangerous affair that I can’t end.
2 ounces of sugar – any you like; white, light brown, dark brown or a blend
Their music is still widely heard on the radio, in movies, and on television. Many of their videos were staples on MTV during their peak years. Hopefully, they will soon be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, where they surely deserve to be.
29. Going In Circles—Friends Of Distinction
Once, when through faith in His Word and Prayer, you have entered into an intimate relationship with the Father through Jesus and deeply desire to follow Jesus in discipleship, you will find that your need for a deeper continuing prayer life increases. Just as Jesus, spent most of his evenings or early mornings in prayer, so to we who are following Him, must do the same. We will do so, not so much as an imposed devotional practice, but instead to fill our awareness of the increased spiritual need for His presence in our renewed lives.
A hush descended on us. It had the hairs at the back of my neck rising. How was it possible for the atmosphere to switch from threatening to dangerous? Unable to help myself, I peeked around the new guy’s bulk. Eli and his friends bowed. They all had their right hands on their chests.
I sat with him on the bench as both secretaries looked on -- I was oblivious to everyone around me -- this was my child and he was a wreck.
these things just don’t interest me. yes, i would like to visit other countries, and of course i would fly first-class if i had to chance. i have turned down chances to meet celebrities, simply because i think i show more respect to give them their space.
But here’s what the dust-up missed. If you take all of what he said to me over some 90 minutes, it is all but certain that John Huntsman is not going to be a Republican much longer.
I recognize my ability to write as a privilege and that my Anglo-Saxon education has given me that opportunity to write. For that, I am grateful and humbled and terrified. I think about class issues. I worry about gender issues. What kind of legacy has my postcolonialness given me? What am I giving my daughters at the end?
While governments make laws, it is the responsibility and duty of the judges in our courts to interpret and apply those laws. Judges are given a unique degree of independence and security of tenure in Canadian society in order to be able to properly carry out their duties impartially and free of extraneous influence. It is a fundamental tenet of our judicial system that “Not only must Justice be done; it must also be seen to be done.”
Oh, this one did cause of a lot of grief and hand-wringing. One voter re-dubbed the category "Ten Great Films from the '50s, or: A List That Shortchanges About 40 Masterpieces and Makes Me Tremble in Frustration." Another submitted his list unranked, in alphabetical order, because it was difficult enough pruning the list to ten.
4) ‘Citizen benefits’. If national healthcare is your thing, there can be a lot of benefit in having a second citizenship– in many cases, you’ll enter the public healthcare and pension system, giving you a potential backup in case you need it.
