Sarkozy said that “not to intermarry racially is bad for the survival of the country” why is that “OK” and not “racist” but a White person saying they believe in white racial survival is an “evil racist”?
We define High Achievers are those individuals that have attained a level of excellence and success in life, in at least 3 of the 5 pillars of success: business, well-being (physical and mental), relationships, wealth, and contribution (your legacy).
2 tsp vanilla extract
In sum, he's getting more independent and I'm getting more done. Which is why I'm getting a slight sense of foreboding about the imminent future with a newborn. Because I still remember what it's like to not be able to get anything done. Or at least feel like I'm not getting anything done. First because of the sleeplessness and constant feeding. Then because of the precarious locomotion and obvious intent on self-harm that comes with it. Then because of willful disobedience. Cubby has passed through all of these stages* and I have come out the other side, only to begin them anew.
Thanks for taking the time to visit and having a look! I do appreciate your visit and any comments you take the time to leave!
I have to say I am a very BIG fan of Nell. I am also a very big fan of Kim Jongwan’s whispering type of voice. With a somehow similar feeling like when you listen to Lee Sora, Kim Jongwan will leave a very strong impression every time people listen to his voice.
My 2yr old son has a new favorite outside hobby, he blows bubbles. It's very exciting for him because I no longer hold the bubbles nor the wand - he has complete control of the bubble making process.
Hello friends! Happy May Day. Our family was delighted to find this surprise on our doorknob this afternoon. Shh, I don’t know for sure, but we have a sneaking suspicion that it was put there by this sneaky and crafty family.
Two Farmers' Market smallfrys will also be available - a pig and a cow. They will also have two online exclusives with the collection - a llama and a billy goat.
That is what Christmas is all about.
Wyrobek AJ, Anderson D, Lewis S, Nagao T, Perreault S, Robaire B, Schrader S. Biomarkers and Health Endpoints of Developmental Toxicology of Paternal Origin: Summary of Working Group Discussion. Male-Mediated Developmental Toxicity. Olshan AF, Mattison DR (Eds.), 1994: 339-370.
It’s a like a secret little club for cat lovers. Or the lair of a crazy old cat woman.
I wasn't sure if I should post about our visit on this blog or Jacob's blog, but I'm just putting it here. These two Mom's are so excited for Boh's arrival and so supportive and their strength amazes me. It hasn't even been a year since each had their babies and then had to say goodbye to them.
The first important thing to do when planning for home renovations is to talk to your project manager. Map out the areas in which the workers need to work or pass through. Also establish which areas of the house are strictly off limits to them. Ask your project manager what he or she estimates the timeframe will be and what types of machinery and chemicals they will use during construction. Clarifying these things in advance will help you decide if you will have a safe place inside your house to stay during the renovations or if you will need to organize other living arrangements.
The last part of the initiation ceremony was receiving the holy word. We were told that we were to meditate on this word day and night. That this word was the primordial vibration and that we were to empty our minds and focus on this word….
6. Isabella (Oberg, v. Roon) 3:14
The integrity of the BBC seems to have been threatened by the doctoring of its reports by Malaysia’s satellite broadcaster Astro!
No matter how far the rough path takes you
OG=1.067@71F
Moon stepped back and Kelly began licking his ear to calm him down.
email me at jrallisonfans at yahoo dot com and give me your address and tell me which of my books you would like.
She was a little awkward about it in the morning because she was rather drunk and doesn't normally go around kissing strangers. I assured her that there was no worries and that drunken make out sessions are just that, but I'd still like to actually take her out and get to know her properly and all that jazz. She said that sounds like a good idea.
The winner will be announced on Friday.
Konoha Inoue is a high school sophomore with a dark secret. Tohko Amano is a book scarfing goblin. Together, they fight crime.
Other: "Top secret brewmaster's spice"
The clinic does not have the facilities to accommodate sick animals overnight, which meant that I have to take her home on dextrose. However inconvenient that may seem, I am willing to do it, even if the doctors reminded me that her chances for survival is slim. The vets then prepared their prescription for my cat, and while they are putting her on dextrose, Katie began resisting violently. Then, the lead vet told me that my pet is already convoluting. Katie died moments after, with her green eyes open.
How do you express yourself in worship? Do you dance? Draw? Sing?
Laughing buddha
Such a grand event for a kindy sports day! Every 4 years, the sports day is on a bigger scale in conjunction with Olympics.
Cut a piece of baking paper enough to cover the pastry
Ever Since i saw this in Aipi blog it was in my mind.I was waiting for right time and tried yesterday.It came out perfect and went really well with chappati/roti.Its easy to put together and taste great.The only change i made is omitting onion and garlic and rest i followed the same.
I am not an extrovert, by any stretch of the imagination. I love hanging out with my friends and being in their presence, as I care for them deeply. But I won’t call someone up just because I don’t want to eat alone. Usually I’m not up for small talk or chatter.
Harrelson
Marcus Landry F 6’7″ 230 Wisconsin
Perhaps I'm stuck in my testing ways. Bratting is such a large part of the fun. But also, it's sort of about being overthrown. If I don't put up a fuss, then it's way too easy for him, right? I want him to win but at some kind of cost.
The major problem is when the trader attributes mental anguish to the 10 tails that came up in a row when they executed their trades exactly to their proven plan. If you mentally flog yourself, you tend to make even more trading errors and when you make errors on top of the normal distribution of losses, you are adding unnecessary losses to your experience.
Over the years, "Bandstand" introduced stars ranging from Buddy Holly to Michael Jackson to Madonna.
fell and I didn’t know they were gone.
Ours is a society sinking into barbarism.
What is your favorite story from the book? Were there any stories cut or deemed too far over the line?
Onto my page.
a park on Peoria's outskirts,
The library is a valuable resource that can trim some fat from your budget. It offers a lot more than just books. There is the many different magazines, newspapers and other periodicals. If you don't own a computer, you can get access to the web there, 30 minutes per session. Bring your own laptop for free wifi with unlimited time. Not to sound like a salesman but wait, there's more.
‘Two.’
It seems that this was not my first Bridgerton book, now I had actually read the 8th and last first, but totally forgotten about it since it had bored me a bit. I can't even remember what happened in it..a wedding and a carriage at the end? Well I am pleased to say that this one was better and it did not matter that I read out of order. Welcome to the Out of Order reading club.
*Pete flirting with the high school girl at the traffic school class was appropriately skeevy. And yes, astute viewers, that was Parker Young (Suburgatory’s Ryan Shay) as the young girl’s more age appropriate suitor.
I used the Playful Parlour kit from SVG Cuts to cut out the box. I created my own little box inside to be able to put the ballerina on. I punched a hole and then put a little pink eyelet in it, then I took some floral wire and wrapped in a spring shape and attached it to the ballerina and then through the hole to the box. I did this so when you close the box and then you open it up again she will pop back up. For the little girl I used Lettering Delights Glam Girls Paper Dress up SVG set.
Oh, yeah, plastic fish and church pews.....right up my Dad's alley.
Hain, Cameron and Miliband:
Because when I hear your name
So after getting a farm the size of eight football fields the British said the blacks had to pay tax just like all the whites. But the black farmers as we know are useless and were not as productive as the whites so they could not pay the tax. In order to do so they send the kids and women out to go and work for the whites in town.
I enjoyed reading this post from Radio Free School's blog. Great things to think about regarding unschooling as the new "school year" starts off. Also, if you aren't ready to take the plunge into unschooling completely, there are ideas for incorporating unschooling into your life.
Times Square, rising every autumn; you harvest rhubarb by it. Alexanderplatz. Lake Shore Drive. Mt. Fuji. The Super Mario Cluster. Myths of twins: dragon-slayers.
Snow White’s dad was planning on marrying an evil woman who wanted to kill her because she was too pretty so she hid in some forest with dwarfs.
Ok, there's a way of doing it. Take one end in your dominant hand, holding the yarn over your fingers, so that the bulk of it is behind your hand, and a short tail in front of your fingers. Got it?
Location to Inspire
1) Angina variants – caused by temporary spasms of the arteries of the heart.
If your Representative is already a member, please email him/her a brief thank you for their support of both small brewers and you, the craft beer drinker and enthusiast.
(and getting ideas for future projects)
spit behind hungry walls
“My own response was simply to leave home. I never trusted my parents again after the London LSD experience. I discovered many other ways in which my father and my uncle lied, covered up, dissembled and eventually threatened me, in order to keep this story from being told.
So why all the examples of Millington-Drake's work? For one, it has a lot to do with the spirit that permeates the Patmos house, in combination with Stefanidis' flair for mixing his own fabrics with crisp white Greek cotton, striped dhurries, and other textiles picked up across the globe. During the next couple of weeks I'd like to share some of my favorite rooms (including the late Millington-Drake's former studio that Stefanidis gently converted into a guest room) and of course the magical island gardens. Today, though, I'm leaving you with words from Stefanidis' preamble.
It was a glorious day of diving. It proves again that a good day's diving on the west coast of Scotland can stand up to any dive site anywhere else in the world. Okay, so the water is cold but it is full of life!
Strictly Bi : The Adventures Of A Bi Slut Dolly - Jamie Joy Gatto
Ok, well it was short and sweet, but at least it's a start - will try and keep up more this year - which won't exactly be hard to do compared with last year !
At this position, what Powerade need is a versatile player who can play both the two guard positions. Someone who can orchestrate the play yet play off the ball when Rudy or Celino were on the floor. And that’s Roger Yap. Denok Miranda would be an upgrade too.
Underwear
Thanks for following my blog..
(Obsessive interjection: Oh. I just CANNOT. STAND IT if that horrible old man and THAT WOMAN win. I. Will. Die. I will die die die die. I might not have been an Obama cultist-true believer in the beginning, but if THAT IS WHAT IT TAKES TO BEAT THESE FUCKERS, then I AM THERE. Sign me up to bring the palm fronds. I'll say the first hosanna.)
George Dickel Special Barrel Reserve, 10 years old, 43% abv
He worked the straps of her pack and quiver free and dropped them by her head. The strain on her arm lessened, weight shifted from her legs. Tensing, she heaved herself to the side, tearing her wrist from his grip. He scrabbled with her for a moment, then pinned her across the back, her forehead smacking against a cobblestone.
Herman van Veen Anne NL
Still, there are plenty of stories to go around in the NFL. Why not follow the first steps of Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III as they tackle the face of the franchise role in Indianapolis and Washington. Fans never got a chance to see the beginning stages of the quarterback studs and busts. Wouldn’t it have been great to see the opening of Ryan Leaf’s time in the league or Aaron Rodger’s interaction with Brett Favre?
Each time that I see her works on Facebook, I just want to see more. I cannot keep up with her and all the places that she is painting but I hope to find myself taking more photos of her paintings of shapes, colors and images soon.
I am also getting frustrated, I have probably run my mouth too much about my frustrations. I cannot quite put my finger on my frustrations, but they are real, and they are there.
“That’s better! Now, see to my steed. He requires water and hay, a place to rest for the night. Do they serve food in this place?”
The wings are aerodynamically similar to a birds wing. They create lift by passing the air faster over the top surface, creating an area of low pressure above the wings which, like a vacuum cleaner, sucks the wing and rest of the plane higher into the sky. The faster you go, the more lift you create. This is simply done by having that curve you see on the top of the wing. This said, the downside to all this lift is a thing called drag. To explain drag, it’s like sticking your hand out the window of a car and facing it palm forwards. You instantly feel the force pushing the hand back. To make it less resistant, we hold our hands parallel to the direction of the car. Suddenly, no force is felt against our hand – a ‘reduction’ in drag. The wings create the most drag by creating vortices (horizontal mini tornadoes) at the end of the wing, where the two airflows above and below the wing mix.
There is the Lady Twilight, the goddess of a crematorium, whose devotees live in the grounds of the crematorium, and use skulls from the cremated remains for their devotions. Grim and macabre as it sounds, Dalrymple find that they believe that central to it all is love.
Then finally I got to hang out with my Livingston friends Roz and Rajen at Pongsri Thai in Chinatown. Normally I don’t visit Thai restaurants outside of Seattle since we’ve got some great ones but I was very pleased by the food. We spent some time around Chinatown until I caught the Fung Wah bus to Boston.
The three Persian men in the circle all have Jewish ancestry. Mike’s family Shabbat was featured on the first episode. Mike worships his Jewis mom, who urges him to marry a nice, Jewish Persian girl. The characters discuss the fact that the chemistry between GG (Muslim) and Mike (Jewish), may be doomed because of religious difference, though Mike is currently dating a Latina (presumably a Christian).
Hello everyone. Well, if you've had a yearning to see some pretty pastel cups and rosy pink flowers, then today is your day, since that what I have cookin'.
We see a variety of friends, colleagues and neighbours also visiting the fayre every year, sadly this year it was a bit of a washout, within an hour of everybody turning up it began to start raining.
I've been on a bit of a roller coaster for the past 36 hours or so. I've had amazingly positive things happen that have left me awestruck, wondering what I have ever done to deserve such luck. But there have also been a number of moments, some stretching into longer periods, where I have simply been off my game. Nothing major, I'm sure, but something inside just isn't quite right just now.
22. Why We Fight 5.13 (99/104)
John Jeremiah Sullivan’s Pulphead
Recorded in New York, on November 4, 1957
But I digress. Of all of the unschoolers I know, many of them are in the same boat I am in. I was laid off in 2008, followed by my husband’s layoff last year. Together we went from an income of about $65,000 to one that was, until this month when he got a new job, under $18,000. This was very difficult (and still is, as we pay off debts such as student loans) and we have had to make a lot of cuts, but we are still quite happy and healthy—and we still unschool.
You may ask, how do you know they are a cult? Ah my dear Watson, it's elementary. You see when I was in college I met a girl named Justine that upon hearing where I lived said, "You know there's a cult on your block?"
○ Kids on the Curb – Deleted
When your mind is functional, you can take in your intuitive information and hunches, and do an evaluation to test its accuracy.
"The Wels catfish comes from mainland Europe and can grow to about 500cm and weigh up to 306kg and there have been numerous records of catfish washing up dead in Cumbrian lakes," said Mr Whitfield.
KAndrews Stamps: Hooty Owl Images, Hooty Owl Accessories Image Lg., Winter Wishes.
The East, We, too, have lost touch.
But after ten seconds of return fire, Helena had the good conscience to drop and roll–as the air above her sang with murderous intent.
"Factory" by Band of Horses - My favorite song by these guys. There's a haunting quality to the melody and vocals that goes deeper than a breakup song.
Today we drove around familiar places from my childhood and other significant neighborhoods--Treme, Marigny, and Lakefront (very sad, the latter). Tomorrow we plan to walk the Quarter until we fall over.
If on a Winter's Night a Traveler
Funny Times.
From the very start our talk was conversational, light and friendly; just two beer fans chewing the fat. No doubt my interest in beer lies more in the product than in the process, but when you’ve got someone who’s as enthusiastic about his work as Jack Sosebee seems to be, well, it’s all a package that seems to fit. (There’s a Madison Avenue jingle in there somewhere, I know it.) Jack and his business partner Joseph Fox are striving to bring back the traditional Mexican style of beer that has largely disappeared from the United States market in the last decade. I asked Jack if this exodus might be due to the rise of the locally brewed craft beer market in the U.S. and he allowed as that might be one reason while graciously admitting he’d never really thought of it in those terms. Jack pointed out that beer traveling north from Mexico typically arrives damaged, having languished on one loading dock or another for days and weeks before hitting shelves in the States. Faced with consistently poor quality imported brews, American beer drinkers may simply have turned away from those traditional Mexican style beers. Whatever the reason for the void, Del Norte Brewing seems perfectly willing to fill the niche.
Not right yet, but the thoughts are flickering somewhere there, in that cinema.
‘Why does it have to be like this?’
Please read on: if I can convert one person to the wonders of cast iron (and thus make your life easier) then my week will be made.
In the last 10 years I've packed a lot of lunches. A LOT of lunches. I take it a bit seriously and always try to keep them interesting. They must include the basic food groups. They can't include anything orange (the it-o family-Fritos, Doritos) or soda but there can always be a sweet (but not of the fruit snack variety).
“I listened to Radioactivity by Kraftwerk pretty much constantly while writing this record, and… we listened to a lot of Eno and Fripp and the Iggy Pop record that David Bowie produced,” Hunter said in an interview. And you can certainly hear those influences at play. Robotic synths, ambient drift, stark percussion– many of the touchstones of 1977 art rock are on display in tracks like “Lamb” and “Candy”. It doesn’t feel like by-the-numbers mixtape-ism, though, partly because Hunter’s singing is too dynamic to allow for that. Her androgynous voice can be airy and lilting or times throaty and masculine, and it lends an eerie otherness to the songs. Even when backed by a simple motorik bassline, Hunter sounds beamed-in from somewhere else.
Repair Cement exterior steps, sidewalk, and left concrete pad $ 400.00 (Diamond)
So I was thinking if we could all put a little money in (whatever people can afford) we could maybe raise enough for them to go away and have a nice honeymoon when things settle down. We could maybe get them some holiday vouchers or just get them a later flight to New York so they don't totally miss out on the hotels they've already paid for.
As Marcella mentioned, we are in a state of transition. But the good thing to note is our new website comes with a brand new blog that is directly tied to our store and tutorial library! Fun stuff! So, head on over to www.flourishes.org and check it all out! If you currently subscribe to our blog, you will want to update the RSS feed service that you use i.e. Feedburner, Feedblitz or Google Reader so that you don't miss out on any of the action!
We should also remember that water shortages don’t just affect us; it also seriously harms the environment. So in the coming months we will need to use our water more efficiently; not just so we have enough water but on order to protect our natural environment and its wildlife.
And if you are our challenge winner this week you will win a wonderful $10 gift certificate to spend at Stamp Fairy! Thank you Gerda xx
can be dangerous because they are capable of
160. “Nothing is more damaging to you than to do something that you believe is wrong.” – Abraham
It is every person’s responsibility to report suspected cases of elder abuse. When in doubt, always err on the side of caution. If you suspect abuse, report it. You do not need to prove that abuse is occurring. It is up to the professionals to investigate the reported abuse.
There came a time when I could no longer keep up this secrecy. Not because I didn’t want to, but because the lifestyle I was leading could not be supported. I would stay up all night with note cards, ready to separate them in different piles after I had written down every word she had spoken. I would even try to guess which she would place in her “Favorites” stack. This only lasted for maybe eight or nine weeks before I began feeling a little crazy. Not only was I no closer of deciphering her somniatic messages, but I never slept. I began to use the time once dedicated to searching through her lunch boxes to catch up on much needed sleep.
The collection kept screaming gladiator and crusader style to me (Anyone remembers Xena the warrior princess? which by the way I always thought was super sexy! Even the hairdo was somewhat similar) I feel it empowers woman indirectly and spells out sexy like ABC! Call it a little far fetched, there was definitely a warrior vibe to the collection, as models walked super stiff and confident like the dresses were armor and the runway was their battlefield! Go team VERSACE.
Buttercup will be providing vanilla whoo(pie)s with raw cashew chai filling and german chocolate whoo(pie)s with raw coconut-pecan filling (as usual always gluten-free, vegan and soy-free) along with raw lemon macaroons dusted with maca and raw cocoa-maca-roons. That’s a tasty mouthful. Hope you caught all that maca, a little extra superfood energy boost to keep you dancing!
He is due to announce Malaysia’s first national minimum wage for private sector workers tonight — the eve of Labour Day — in another sign that elections are approaching four years after historic opposition gains in 2008. Government sources told Reuters last month the wage would be set at between RM800 and RM900 per month.
As promised here is an update of what we practiced last night:
b) My pronoun is still "she."
And she's on an airplane
Names that stick out for one reason or another include (some of which are on the Art Chicago list): DCKT, Finesilver, Goff + Rosenthal, Richard Heller, Houldsworth, Jack the Pelican Presents, Darren Knight Gallery, Leo Koenig inc., Yvon Lambert, Mixed Green, Parker’s Box, Pierogi, Daniel Reich, Roebling Hall, Timothy Taylor, Winkleman, Zwirner & Wirth
Is my plan still correct? if not, then update your plan.
Someone forgot to invite Jerry to his own birthday party. Oh yeah, it was Leslie. So Leslie and Ron go to fetch Jerry, meanwhile Leslie notices her campaign sign is wonky. So they fix the sign, pick up Jerry, run out of gas, walk to get gas and basically show up to the party incredibly late. So late, that everyone has already gone to bed. Leslie rouses everyone and they have a late night party in which Leslie falls asleep on Jerry.
Second place in Catered Vanilla: Cowgirl Cupcakes
and pondering, looking at things a long time.
Uncertainty has now hit the Japanese banking sector:
Unlike so many other groups, if someone doesn't like firearms, we're okay with that too--just as long as you don't try to take ours away from us. I have nothing against vegans. . . right up until they tell me what I should be eating. Then they have a fight on their hands.
Two large manila folders sit beside me, on my cool new aqua couch. I worked on the assignments contained therein last night, and I worked on them until 5:00 today. However, they are still not done, because of the constantly replenishing supply of meetings. And, they were due, um, yesterday, and today.
The article goes on to mention that Greece’s Finance Minister has recently announced that the economy is expected to contract by a full 5% instead of 3.8% as assumed during thee previous rounds of bailout negotiation. The budget deficit target cannot be met in that case. So clearly, the Germans are now forced to face the prospect of default in Greece.
4. Log Clean and Press 65lbs
Alternate Appellation Screen
*That* is fucked up.
I completely appreciate that this is the kind of posting that's going to make me unpopular in some camps - apart from perhaps with Cooking Lager! - but, hell, what's new there?
On another note, I think I might have decided to quit smoking today. I wasn’t planning on it but somebody came by and they were talking to me and another lady about her having just quit. I had no plans of quitting right now but when she started talking about it, and the lady I was working with agreed it was a good idea, I started thinking about it.
We lean in closer with shock as she lists them all. "We have chicken, duck, goose, quail, pheasant, guinea fowl and squab. That's seven!"
4 - 6 sourced from Factory UK 3" CD single Facd 263R
Don't forget the search button on the top of the recipe page, you can type in words, ie chicken, and it will bring up all the recipes pertaining to that word. I am going to be adding more topics such as side dishes, desserts, and triggers like slow cooker/crockpot to make the search feature even better.
A part of me starts to feel whole again
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black, Copics
The Ravelin has been reduced to rubble, and the Austrian sapper is feeling very naked! In the event, despite being shot at by multiple French guns, he is ultimately able to scramble back inside the Fortress to relative safety. At this point, I really should have stationed my medium guns and an infantry unit in the two remaining Ravelins where they would have threatened to enfilade any attackers closing on the wall. But no, having given up on the beer, the good General was evidently sampling the now rather undernourished barmaids!
It is apparent that America is in bondage to the lie that the people we have elected to conduct our affairs, in actuality, are mere figure heads at best. How now shall we proceed?
7. The Missing Manual 5:40
Enter a magnificent environment that embraces and inspires your guests ... light and color, taste and scent, bloom and structure ... each detail impeccably perfect.
So, the conundrum: More than ever, an urban nation plagued by obesity, sloth and a surfeit of digital entertainment should encourage people to experience the wild — but does that mean nature has to be tame and lawyer-vetted?
Cosmo Cricket Garden Variety
The answer might seem to lie in a need to have specific laws regulating the above actions, but then again, our cry as craft beer drinkers tends to call for LESS government regulation than more. As evidenced by our lovely Kansas liquor store laws, an overabundance of regulation is not always (read: pretty much never) a good thing. But, on the same note, shouldn't we as consumers be a little more protected? Is the only viable response that we are able to offer a verbal protest, by either raising these issues to actual employees or using the Internet as a sounding board? I'm not going to pretend I have an answer, because I don't. It's a daunting task trying to wrap one's head around all the issues that lie within the regulation of alcohol sales while also factoring in my own selfish desires as a craft beer drinker.
The proceedings set for 18 March 2002 for the reception of complainant’s evidence ex-parte was held, but the same was without loss of right on the part of respondent to conduct, if desired, a cross-examination of the witness. The evidence of complainant showed that complainant used to avail of the notarial services of Atty. Adaza at his law office at Padre Faura, Ermita, Manila. In 1995, respondent requested complainant, and the latter agreed, to be the primary sponsor in the baptismal of his daughter. In November 1996, respondent accompanied by a certain Arlene went to the residence of complainant to seek a loan. The latter lent respondent the sum of P60,000.00 payable with interest at 5% a month. Respondent issued two (2) BPI Family Bank Checks No. 35073 and No. 35076, each for P31,800.00, dated 23 December 1996 and 24 January 1996, respectively. When presented for collection Check No. 035073 was dishonored by the drawee bank for having been drawn against insufficient funds. The other check, Check No. 035076, bearing the date 24 January 1996, was not accepted for being a stale check.
One of the more interesting developments referred to in passing above is the fact that FTI Consulting has taken on Richard Kershaw from Catalyst in Hong Kong. Richard is one of the big beasts of Far Eastern eDiscovery, and his engagement is a significant pointer to FTI’s increased interest in the region. I knew that they had an important new hire in prospect to add to their growing team, and had idly scribbled Richard’s name down as the most likely candidate. I am glad to have been proved right, and I look forward to seeing the effect on FTI’s presence in Hong Kong.
Can’t say that I blame her!
Mauritania epitomizes the risks that these unstable states with weak capabilities pose to regional and international security. Three stresses emerge as critical to Mauritania’s current state of insecurity: the weakness and corruption of state institutions; sociopolitical tensions rooted in old tribal structures and historical ethno-racial divisions; and the growing radicalization of Mauritanian youth. The problem of homegrown radicalization is further compounded by its interconnectedness with transnational forces like illicit trafficking and regional terrorist networks. These factors reinforce each other, creating a vicious circle that must be broken in order to restore some stability…
Packaging 5/5
Annette: I get a lot of ideas from fashion. I love the way the that industry forecasts new looks. I also have a library of architectural components such as tile patterns, iron gate designs that I source new ideas and patterns from. And then there is the one of a kind textile documents that you can find at a flea market or little store that hold a treasure of ideas to be put into print.
Ok, so here they are and a video to show you how I made the pink one. I also have the cut file to use in Cricut Craft Room you can download that here.
So we there we go. I think that’s quite enough fringes for one day; I need to go and have a lie-down…
"you're an extrovert when you blog". And so Kate, maybe there is part of your answer, plus with 3 years of blogging, I don't edit myself as much anymore. Like anybody else, I have different sides, and let's keep in mind that I admit to a wicked sense of humor, therefore: taking me seriously is optional.
"Besides me and Rissad? Just the Four Knot and Pamgin, our Warder." He frowned. "You can see why I feel a bit useless."
I love the guitar intro to this song – it’s very southern rock. But more important is the message.
There was also the small matter of the supposedly dead Siobhan, who was actually living it up in gay Paris and had tricked Bridget into taking over a life that was one double-ended spear away from a Lifetime version of The Hunger Games.
The advance sales for Junsu’s first solo album Xia will start on May 4 on and offline.
FAMILY FORTUNES.
s p a c e d o u t
The way we’ve talked about the economy up to this point has been focused on the way work has become more feminine or woman-focused, despite the fact that men still make more money and hold more of the decision-making positions in society. I feel like that has to fuel some of the resentment that men have about single women. The only thing I really have to go on is the snowballing number of articles about women as breadwinners and men as stay-at-home dads or irritated jobless jerks.
Millvard LJ. The transition to motherhood in an organizational context : an interpretative phenomenological analysis. Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology 2006; 79: 315-333.
I said it last night at dinner when Stella spilled ketchup all over her skirt and the carpeted floor. She cried and said, "It's not a milkshake, Mommy!" but she knew what I meant. I'd explained it the day before when her cup of root beer got knocked over at my niece's graduation party.
By Thursday, I was running a fever and far more sick so I went back to the clinic. This time I was listened too and given antibiotics, along with more decongestants. I appear to slowly be getting better, but it will be a week or two before I’m back on track. If this antibiotic isn’t strong enough, it will mean more weeks out, more time off my RA meds, and more time lost from marathon training.
While you’ll want to make sure you demonstrate your business savvy ways, you’ll also want the students to walk out of there feeling like they could contact you with any questions, concerns or for information regarding an upcoming paper. The more comfortable they feel contacting you, they more likely it will be that they will contact you for your services in the future.
morning came
Before my recent Milwaukee visit with him and his wife Peggy (one of my oldest and dearest friends), Mike bought a new iPhone 4S. Infatuated with his toy--as grown men tend to be--he began to show off the phone's new voice-command feature.
Wow. I’ve totally been in my own world the last few hours, I forgot I should write a new post! Since I try to write/show something almost everyday here so.. yeah! Another “in the middle of the night”-post! I’m sleepy.
These are what I'll be tending in the future. These are the curving paths I will follow.
When I started writing, older writers would often say things like, "The publishing world has changed! It's not like it was when I was starting." I'd wonder what publishing was like for them; they painted utopian pictures of editors who spent lots of time nurturing writers who showed promise but didn't have professional polish. They described bookstores giving "fringe" authors a chance, and not giving up on authors whose first books didn't sell well. They described publishing as a kind, gentle world where promotion was left up to the publishers and writers had nothing to do but work on their craft.
I would like to say “THANK YOU” to all of you for reading my entries and patronising my blog. I’ll do my best to come up with more interesting entries and make this blog better.
p.s. I will be back later with the name of the winner of my last candy
unless he’s willing to climb a little
I lash out at my children, the stress of being a single parent to three for days and nights on end are weighing on me. I think of doing for my children as a burden not my job and the boredom of being stuck in the house for days and days is terrible. Even baby K is bored. I am quick tempered and it even scares me.
I still would probably never wear a cross by itself: I would not leave out my (prominent? dominant?) Jewish side this way. But on my birthday, a minister friend created for me a necklace with a dozen tiny religious charms: a kiddush cup, a matzoh, a menorah, a cross, “JC” (Jesus Christ? Jewish/Christian?). I wore the necklace to my son’s graduation from interfaith Sunday School, safe in the heart of my interfaith community. I don’t know if I would wear it just anywhere: it will probably flummox people. But it does represent me, and our family.
"Why don't you trust me? Haven't I always taken care of you? Have I ever hurt you? Have I ever told you to do anything that would be bad for you? Why can't you just do what you're instructed to do? Why the constant questions? Why do you continuously search for a reason to believe me? Why don't you simply have faith?"
Twenty years
Now if only I could find my great-great-grandfather’s missing twin sister! They were 9 years old when separated in Glasgow after their parents left for the new world and were never heard of again. He was promptly sent off to be apprenticed to a tugboat-man and was never reunited with his sibling.
by Jamie
A sense of de ja vu followed me back to the entrance to the Newtimber site. Not just because we had already been here earlier that day but a sense of recognition, familiarity and homecoming. We agreed to ascend in silence, each collecting a stone at the foot of the hill just as Roy had instructed the others to do on that All Hallows night back in 1965.
So here's my card for the "B" challenge. My "B"'s are: bunny, banners and button. I used one of the new Stacey Yacula "Sweetest Day" stamps from POD, watercoloured the image with my Peerless watercolor papers and cut the cutie out. I created the background paper on the top by stamping the "oh happy day" sentiment in a light tan ink onto some distressed beige paper and adhered my image on top. For the bottom I created a bunch of banner flags out of some strips of scrap papers and used a small square punch to create notches.
Where to start with my insecurities? I mean, my reader attention span is finite and I’m trying to rope skimmers here, so a long post on my writing troubles just won’t do. I’ll just talk about my biggest problem.
Steve asked Lewis Schaffer.
Any number of places for miles around could have been under that patch of open, blue sky, but only one of those places held the afterimage of this Gate's twin. She checked, first, to see if the Wilder had gotten lazy and aligned both Gates the same way around; no such luck. They were too clever for that. How had they known when she was out of the way?
It’s not very often that we are completely at ease with the Random Fitness universe. We have our moments at times and like to lash out as best as we know how…Yes we know it’s inherently bad and an unhealthy attitude to have although it feels so good does it not?
Be honest. Sometimes it’s tempting to lie or omit important information when securing an interview. This isn’t just unethical, it will damage your career in the long run.
Saint Nicholas is unique in that most of his bones have been preserved in one spot, a crypt in Bari, Italy. In the 1950s, the Catholic Church allowed a scientific survey of the bones. In 2005, when these findings eventually found their way to a forensic laboratory in England, it was revealed that Saint Nicholas was barely five feet tall and had a broken nose.
Man against: "Canadians have national health care, but they cross the border to access our health care system!"
Hope everyone is having a wonderfully healthy weekend!
19. Unschoolers can (and will) be successful in life (with or without college) because they posses the internal motivation and skills to pursue anything they desire.
My boyfriend’s dad (Uncle J) bought 2 sausage dog puppies last year. After much discussion (my suggestion of Frankfurt or Bratwurst were apparently not appropriate)…they were named Ringo & Star. Uncle J loves them. No…like, he loves, loves, loves them. He cuts up their broccoli with scissors every night for dinner. Hires me often as the ‘dog-sitter’ whilst he attends dinner parties. And uses a ‘very special’ high-pitched voice to speak to them (ok fine – I am guilty of that too, if you are a dog owners you know the ‘special voice’ you put on to speak to your doggy – it is usually extremely high pitched and very akward if someone hears you…my ‘dog-voice’ even has a slight Indian influence integrated into it- don’t ask me why!). Don’t get me wrong, I have two beautiful dogs (Mojo & Perry) & treat them as my brothers (from another mother). However, Uncle J’s love for his two puppies is actually amazing. I have never quite seen anything like it.
“The legal basis of OA is the consent of the copyright holder (for newer literature) or the expiration of copyright (for older literature). The campaign for OA focuses on literature that authors give to the world without expectation of payment.“
10. The Cosby Show
174 ***1. Introduction of Harry V. Jaffa, for “A Conversation with Harry V. Jaffa at Rosary College, December 4, 1980.” Newsletter, Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Spring 1981, pp. 1-4; Claremont Review of Books, December 1981, pp. 5-6; Jaffa,
Oh, and before that we had a big Christmas dinner for our volleyball team, which I fully intended to blog about but I caught a cold during the Christmas Pantomime and ended up sleeping through most of the dinner. After my team had won at charades. And after I had downed an egg nog much faster than anyone else, because the cold meant that I couldn't taste the rum in it.
Thank you. :¬)
I’ll let you decide whether this is an alcopop or an actual beer, I’m not fussed either way. Grog is grog. The label did seem to indicate some actual connection to beer by way of mentioning the ingredients as Barley malt, Hops, Yeast, Wintergreen Oil, Liquorice Root, Aniseed and Vanilla. The first few seem actual beer ingredients to me.
I post about a lot of different things - baby stuff, DIYs, crafts - pretty much anything and everything that interests me. So today I'm hoping you'll help me understand just what this blog should be. The survey below was designed to understand a little about who you are, what you like, don't like, what you want to see more of and what I can just keep to myself. I promise it will be short and over in 3 minutes or less!
And it certainly speaks miles about God, that He would want to choose the Jews as His people. History have shown again and again that we have failed. Even today we find it hard to show our gratitude to finally having a country of our own (as well as others also, we shouldn’t forget that), but yet He stayed loyal through it all, even when we – in general – did not. Sure, He punishes, but more than that does He forgive, care, and love.
Jones KL, Johnson KA, Chambers CD. Offspring of women infected with varicella during pregnancy: a prospective study. Teratology 1994; 49: 29-32.
Australian author in London, Kathy Lette, has kindly agreed to perform the honours and give ATLP its official UK launch at a soirée in the venerable Marylebone bookstore, Daunt Books.
Before I go, I'd like to let everyone know that there are five remaining Halloween bracelets in my etsy shop. If you'd like to check those out, please click here :)
What is the way forward then? What should individuals do when they are in the enviable position of owning a free-house and able to afford the luxury of saying "no" to loan tie agreements? My answer is they should follow their hearts and their instincts, and not be afraid to go out on a limb. There is a heck of a lot of good beer out there, providing one knows where to look, and people who get this vital part right stand a very good chance of getting the rest right. I believe this is exactly what those behind the real success stories in the trade are doing, and as long as there still are people with a passion for good beer, people able to brew it, plus of course people keen to drink it, then decent pubs stand a good chance of not only surviving, but prospering as well!
The first two are pretty obvious scam. The latter two are more difficult to see through.
... which means I can go pee without having to wait in line for an hour
Third, PR Couture’s Facebook page wins 5,133 likes. On its wall, the new pieces appear when new posts uploaded on the Website. Besides, ‘PR Couture’ posts relevant articles for its business partners or other target audiences. The distinguished feature on Facebook page is that Crosby, the founder of ‘PR Couture’, posts her pictures from work or events –some looks personal, however always related to her work. This allows the fans to have less distant feeling to the company, by giving humanized traits on company’s face.
These sentiments are echoed by the organisers of the Property Investor Show (PIS), one of the longest running events in the industry.
So what led us to adopt?
Interpersonal relationships. Sounds so… scientific. I’m not a huge fan of sounding scientific. I’m a huge fan of keeping it real, of writing like I would talk to my best friend over coffee (or tea because I freakin’ hate coffee), and of letting someone know, in no uncertain terms, what’s on my mind.
CALLER: OK. Last night -- good example -- we had a neighbor come over, and this neighbor -- when every time he comes over, it's always a black comment. It's, "Oh, well, how do you black people like doing this?" And, "Do black people really like doing that?" And for a long time, I would ignore it. But last night, I got to the point where it --
"Do you have a busy week next week, can you take some time off?" asked Ruth, as I clambered out of the car to gulp some fresh air for the umpteenth time while we made our painful way home.
Thu 10/2 Nashville, TN Rocketown
This is what Obama bought us by taking his eye off the ball in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Pakistan and Iran. We had no business firing a shot in Libya and Egypt. There was no strategic reason for us to be there.
It was always great to come home too.
What if the Supreme Court had blocked the use of eminent domain for economic development in the Kelo case--would the plaintiffs in the Atlantic Yards eminent domain case have a chance fighting the ESDC’s blight claims?
If you are hungry and you want to eat, then do it, but as I type I even find a pang of guilt! Do I want the cookie jar or the size 6 jeans? (famously quoted by Elizabeth Hurley).
Well I’ll keep you posted ….
My task for 2012 (as determined by my own desire) was to try out lace. As posted elsewhere on this blog I was able to get a shawl done. This led me to casting on another one,( in actual lace weight) which turned out well. I made mistakes and struggled at parts, but I am very pleased with how it turned out. I ended up casting on for another shawl and am still working on it.
And I think someone slid a different chair over here, because this one just doesn’t feel right.
I wish I had more time to be reflective, to ponder life's mysteries, to really think about things and acknowledge the holidays of Halloween and All Souls tomorrow.
If it wasn’t so utterly depressing mind you, the fall-out would have been even funnier. Are we seriously expected to believe this…
putting the needs of the vagina above your own
Today, Palliative care is a science in it's own right and pain control has come on in leaps and bounds, but Heroin, Morphine and its Opioid derivatives are still regarded as the gold standard in pain relief.
You could also dissolve another fertilizer into the water, just remember to read the packaging carefully for frequency and ratios so as not to over fertilize your plants.
One disadvantage of using Air Miles (sorry….Avios) is that it always involves flying via Heathrow. Our Edinburgh to London leg is scheduled to depart at 7.00am so we have an appallingly early start, but we sail through check-in with ease – having allocated seating is such a small thing, but what a pleasure having become used to Ryanair’s passenger stampede policy.
Have I mentioned it is a pleasure to bake ,cook for him?Even after almost 40 yrs.
1 deformed
What will I cook for tomorrow to serve Craig, Gillian, Effie, and Fergus?
(Deliverance references)
What I was entirely unaware of, until KDP enlightened me, was that every e-book should have a table of contents at the beginning. Even when I’m reading on Kindle, this is something I have never come across. My Kindle books start on the first page of the story – it must be something to do with how my technophile husband has set it up, or maybe it is a standard setting. In any case, I just choose a book from the menu and start reading.
Today they came back!!!
A man got into the dead person's car, and drove the corpse to a cash machine so that he could take money out of dead person's account, according to police. Police discovered the dead guy in a state of mild decomposition in a truck in a parking lot in Allentown Pennsylvania, after they were initially called to arrest a man for a completely different crime.
Use a pizza cutter to cut the sheet into approximately 3X3" squares.
1/2 cup + 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder (Dutch-process or natural)
Wash and trim chubby asparagus. Steam for 5 minutes until just tender (or to your liking). Pull out of water and set on serving dish.
This still annoys me. I try to be the bigger person, but yet, I would like to smack the Window Shopper because I feel he tricked me and wasted my time.
The plight of the big box bookstores (Borders, Barnes & Noble, etc) seems to be slightly similar to that of Best Buy. All the focus of the large chains have been on the blockbusters and obvious trends that they have attracted an audience who flood their stores when the new Harry Potter book is released, but never set foot again into the store until another “event book” happens. That leaves the store scourging for customers the other 364 days of the year. And in the stores’ push of the big headlining books, it alienates the dedicated book consumers, who feel their space has been broached by the Twi-Hards. These dedicated consumers (let’s call them nerds) instead go to small independently owned bookstores to get the fix of educated opinions on recommendations and a more diverse selection. I in no way possess an elitist attitude about books or music, but even I have been frustrated to walk through a Borders and find that there are 10,000 copies of “Girl With A Dragon Tattoo” but not a single copy of “In Dubious Battle”.
Not talented enough for…
Puncture by Lisa V. Proulx
Ever since that crucial insight I thought of the book as half ghost story, half crime novel. After the more mystical mysterious magical happenings of Waking Dream and Bad Blood, I wanted to write a book where the supernatural elements ran in tandem with a physical action plot.
What is your need?
7. Knowing my vision was not clear enough, my appointment with the eye doctor clarified I have cataracts. (Get it, clarified?) I have been wearing progressive lens glasses and after the initial adjustment, I am used to the glasses and can walk in and out of the house without feeling like I am stepping down into a pit. Eventually cataract surgery will be necessary and I have resigned myself to it going well when the time comes.
Dear Michael
If you’ve ever held a student house party then I’m sure you will resonate very strongly with those lyrics – although a part of me does kind of hope you didn’t play that song to the crowd of Dub-Stepaholics: YouTube it and you’ll understand my reservations. Lesley Gore, whoever she is, doesn’t exactly scream “Party in t’House” (excuse the Northern accent, remember we’re in Leeds) but it does sum up the sinking feeling you experience when you’ve woken up from the night before…
The important point to make here is that this is not a case of fascism and capitalism being two distinct phenomena. No. Fascism is a kind of capitalism. Or it is an aspect of capitalism. Extreme capitalism, as it were.
A number of my friends have moved, or are about to move, to the South Coast of England.
1 assassination
When you go out into the world,
Before your interview, research the company, conduct mock interviews with friends and practice telling anecdotes that highlight your accomplishments, Haefner suggests.
As a reporter I learned not to be too precious about my writing - you’re part of a team, not an artiste. As an editor I learned to cut text - probably the most essential skill for a writer.
65. Go see a local band
How could a sickly little girl from Liberal, Kansas that thought telephone poles were trees that grew up sharing a small bedroom in the basement of a tiny house with her older sister, ever stay at such a GRAND place? We're all grown up now and she stayed in another suite the same time I stayed at the Elgin. Fun! So much better than the basement.
6. Petite Fleur (2:37)
The second reason I am motivated to create more buttons is a new venture my mother and I are collaborating on together. I will be reopening my second shop at Etsy soon, and she will be selling hand-crocheted hats, small bags, cell phone holders and e-reader covers; and repurposed fabric items and ornaments from vintage linens I have collected over the years.
I mean how hard can it be to find and employ economics correspondents who know a thing or two about Wales and my other thought is whether there an appetite or room for a Welsh focused publication like the Economist or the Financial Times that would really help with reporting and understanding of recent events.
He regularly “takes my loved ones home” i.e. kills them.
This 25th year of tracking global wealth was one to remember. The 2011 Billionaires List breaks two records: total number of listees (1,210) and combined wealth ($4.5 trillion). This horde surpasses the gross domestic product of Germany, one of only six nations to have fewer billionaires this year. BRICs led the way: Brazil, Russia, India and China produced 108 of the 214 new names. These four nations are home to one in four members, up from one in 10 five years ago. Before this year only the U.S. had ever produced more than 100 billionaires. China now has 115 and Russia 101.
most of our audience regardless.)I host each program; and our first one, a
“I’ll never buy anything without a title again,” Bruce grumped as he held the new Virginia registration decal and boat number in his hand. “Who would have thought it would be such a pain in the ass to title a boat?”
The Times has found that doctors who take money from drug makers often practice medicine differently from those who do not and that they are more willing to prescribe drugs in risky and unapproved ways, such as prescribing powerful antipsychotic medicines for children.
When Levi is done with Sunny maybe Levi will give her a recommendation for employment with his Ex-Trial Father in Law. Todd employed Shailey Tripp after meeting her in school. Evidently being a teacher, or even a substitute teacher, is an impressive credential for employment by Todd Palin. Two words of caution to Levi. First, the Anchorage Daily News only publishes birth announcements as space permits, so be sure to space out the kids. Second you still have time to have more children than the octomom, by the time you are 36, and you don’t have to endure the stretch marks, or live on food stamps.
* Lizzie Borden didn't kill her parents. The evidence for this claim -- why she was acquitted. Just like Klaus von Bulow and OJ Simpson.
Or maybe it’s because the Counterjihad movement completely reject any acts of terror and the deliberate targeting of innocent civilians?
Sooo, what do you think?
Just wanted to let you know that I am sending positive vibes your way.
Per request of a friend, this newest post gives my thoughts of branding strategies for non-governmental organizations (NGOs). While all NGOs use a great branding strategy to promote whatever issue they stand for, the two I will be talking about are close to my heart and have continued to present their brands effectively.
February 19, 2012 – Sunday
“The BNP is, therefore, no longer an ‘anti-immigration’ party. It is an anti-colonial party and let us here tonight in Birmingham launch our anti-colonial struggle,” Mr Kemp said to applause.
A top rocking night was had by all who attended last night's preview - with a punk ledge count that included: Gaye Advert, Don Letts, Andy Czezowski, Shanne Bradley, Knox, Barry Cain and Billy Childish...
Time to pack my bags. Thanks for your patience, everyone. I hope you like the book. And by the way, for those of you who love gorgeous fantasy -- I just this minute finished Melina Marchetta's Froi of the Exiles. Have you been reading her fantasies, starting with Finnikin of the Rock? If not, DO. Froi took my breath away.
Despite the fact that many of the people at the show were there to look at things which would improve their own lives (me included I think!) it was surprising how many meaningful conversations we had with people. The world is a small place and I met many folk who had had first hand experience about the lack of clean water in the world. Those who didn't or who thought we were flogging a new kind of water feature for their garden (well, we were on the edge of the Ideal Garden section!) were really shocked by the statistics - 1 in 8 people in the world don't have access to water and every 20 seconds a child dies because of lack of clean water.
Wherever you impersonate a ruler the masses will become full of immoralities: greed, falsehood, thievery, unkindness, violence, decay, delusion, bickering and vanity.
I honestly didn’t think F.CUZ would recover after Lee U left the group, and after a few weaker Japanese songs and videos were released I felt like they had lost their way. But now with two new members to fill things out they’re as strong as ever, despite apparently being kidnapped and trapped in the matrix, where they can occasionally break into choreographed dance while wearing shiny coppery pants! (that rhymed!)
His form of Utilitarianism catered more adequately for minority groups.
Driving through desert
So my tale is at the end."
So loved and dear to all.
Rated R for brief nudity, sexuality and language. Acceptable for teenagers. (Lots of comedy, it's a real treat for Rickmaniacs. I won't say why, you have to watch it to find out. But I will say that Rickman does a brilliant job in this film.)
For those who are not familiar with him and all his works let me just say that he is the sort of politician who will use all weapons to hand, sharp or blunt, in his relentless scramble for publicity. There is not much in the way of gravitas or dignity about him. He once appeared on a celebrity version of Big Brother, meowing like a cat while licking milk from a woman’s hand at one point, at another dressed in a tight leotard which clearly showed that, as a politician, he really does have balls. Most of all he is an opportunist, a self-aggrandising, vain, bombastic and vulgar little man, one who cynically exploits people in his unending attempts to secure GGG – the Greater Good of George.
The Blood Elves sought the help of the Na’aru and the other races of Azeroth. The forces of the Burning Legion were driven back once more, and the Sunwell was restored.
Odell Brewing Company Odell Double IPA
Reason #5 – There is an outmoded (and wholly inaccurate) belief among a segment of the population that all taxes are bad and lowering taxes is always good. In a void or some idealistic capitalist video game, I agree. My votes for Republicans in the past has everything to do with fiscal responsibility. But in the last 8 years (including 4 where the Republicans had control of every house and arguably the Supreme court) the GOP hasn’t met a spending bill it hasn’t inked, AND they’ve cut taxes, reduced regulations and essentially have moved us all to a laissez-faire economic society. There’s a reason that we have antitrust laws. There are good reasons for regulation. (How much would common sense regulation of health insurance companies have done to stop the wreckage of our health care system of the last 25 years?) Not to mention that when you have a household that is spending more money than it takes in, and doesn’t have the good sense to eliminate any of the outgo, then you have no choice but to increase the income. The Republicans have been downright irresponsible with our money. Look at where we sit: if you think John McCain won’t raise your taxes or believe that they shouldn't be raised, then put me down for a big chunk of whatever you’re smoking.
Jurnee Smollett (Eve’s Bayou)
FORMER SEN. RICK SANTORUM, R-PA., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I’m Rick Santorum, and I’m thrilled to be here on the campus of North Florida.
We were invited to a friend’s place over the weekend to make acquaintance with two of the most adorable wee little lads and welcome them to the world. Couple friends of ours recently welcomed their newest bundles of joy within a couple of weeks of each other and a get-together was organized in their honour. It was a potluck dinner and, having no idea what to bring, decided to make up some fruit skewers. I’m not sure why, but I thought it’d be a good idea. And it was! They were hugely successful. By the end of the meal there was only one skewer left, which was promptly eaten up when our host asked for a volunteer to finish it off!
We made it home safe and sound from our trip, and with excellent timing on our return I might add. The day after we got back it snowed a few inches. The amount may have been small, but in the Portland area it doesn't take all that much to wreak havoc on the highways. It did create some pretty good business for the auto wreckers though. Anyhoodle, we were warm and dry at home watching the news coverage instead of being stuck in it with everybody else and that was a-ok with us.
Those who claim the gay lifestyle, from the protesters at the pool in Kentucky to the advocates of the marriage bill passed in New York, might tell you they are angry because they have been oppressed and denied civil rights. Though we may grant that the homosexual may be affected negatively by his surroundings, clearly his burning spirit does not originate from there. Paul describes homosexuals in Romans 1 as men who have “abandoned the natural function and burned in their desire for one another.” When one considers what is involved in a person saying that an act of sodomizing or being sodomized makes him happy, then you should not be surprised to find under the surface an edgy, indignant individual. Going against nature every day is a hard road to travel. Trying in the desert to satisfy a thirst by pointing continually to an oasis that is not there would, and does, cause irritability.
Published by Conway Data Inc., Site Selection magazine examined corporate facility management in green technology sectors to weight its sustainability index. The list’s creators also gave points for factors that make those investments possible including government policies. The number of LEED-certified green buildings also factored into the calculation.
10 Truest Love
The salads: CSA oranges and beets from the Lancaster market. Tomato and goat cheese mozzarella, also from Lancaster. The basil from my garden. The oil from Casual Gourmet.
They were profiling these people who use coupons, like REALLY use coupons. They will go to the grocery store, come out with carts of stuff and pay like $5. I was truly amazed. One woman saved over $1500 in one trip, paid only like $6 total. One man bought like $15000 worth of stuff, some was purchased to give to the local food bank, but he paid like $50 for it all. Really amazing. LOL. Now much of the stuff is stuff I would not buy, like soda. I was just so in awe of these people. Granted they spend hours go over their shopping list and figuring it all out but they have saved their families thousands of dollars. I think at least a couple of the couponers (is that even a word) mentioned that they started for financial reasons, loss of a job in the family or high debt, and just wanted to make a difference, get out of that hole, figure out a way to eat. So they started using more and more coupons and now get most of their grocery items for free, knowing when things go on sale at the store and always using coupons in conjunction with store sales. Very cool!
With that said... please enjoy the email and video my father sent me.
Sam Adams Black Beer - this is a schwarzbier, or black beer, full of taste but not heavy. Einbecker and Kostritzer also make good, and original, German versions.
You know the old saw, “You really don’t know who your friends are until you see who’s left standing by your side after a crisis”? It’s absolutely true. Our guild vault was pitifully empty, even after we pooled our personal stores together. Raiding wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. No loot, no riches, no fame; adventure was something we usually created on our own. What we had, at the end of the day, was one another. In the face of bleak circumstances— in terms of your “usual” guild necessities in WoW, anyway— we took solace in our tiny band of heroes, and we didn’t despair.
One of the major projects in North Carolina was the Historical Records Survey conducted under the direction of the North Carolina Historical Commission. The secretary of the Historical Commission, Dr. Charles Christopher Crittenden, served initially as state director of the survey and most of the details listed below were gleaned from his correspondence file.
The poem, written by William Blake (1757-1827) was later set to music by Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Edward Elgar. During the 1920s, many WI’s started choirs and the National Federation of Women’s Institutes set up a music committee, appointing a Mr Leslie as an advisor. Mr Leslie held a one-day school for village conductors in London in early 1924 and asked his friend, Sir Walford Davies to write an arrangement of Hubert Parry's setting of Jerusalem, for WI choirs. This hymn with its association with the fight for women's suffrage was seen as appropriate for the newly emerging WI movement who were encouraging women to take their part in public life, and fight to improve the conditions of rural life.
To-wit to-woo! To-wit to-woo!
After the movie is through its my hope that people watching it would think to themselves, “that was pretty cool” and hopefully have a different perspective about the game and community. I’m not trying to say that baseball players are “badasses” that fight all the time; I just wanted to show some of the games more exciting moments.
And how many of you can say such a thing of one of your former students?!
By being curious and asking questions that are non-judgemental and very open, we encourage people to develop their own awareness and reflective skills.
– On Karzai’s relationship to the West: “I agree that President Karzai’s approach has been lacking. But I also see that the international community’s approach towards him, especially the United States’, has played a major role in straining the relationship between Karzai and the West. And they do not realize that they have let down and distanced not only Karzai but also other leaders in that country, which can affect the larger population too. You can’t go into the country and say: I am your guest, but I will be dictating terms here based on my own ideas. These things won’t work in Afghanistan. I have said this at the Security Council also, and the US Ambassador in Kabul, Eikenberry, agrees with me. But no one listens to him either.”
Jason Richards, CEO, Vineyard Networks, said, “We were able to easily integrate our highly sophisticated suite of signatures and tools with the LSI Axxia network accelerator AXP3420 to deliver a high-performance application recognition product that meets our customers’ needs to analyze the traffic on their networks.”
World Party Private revolution UK
We encourage anyone who has witnessed a hit and run to come forward with information! You can call our office and we will ensure that your identity is protected, and the information is sent to the right person. If you feel more comfortable calling a hotline, Shulman DuBois LLC sponsors the Hit and Run Reward program that gives financial incentives for reluctant witnesses to come forward after hit and run incidents. Remember, you are helping the person who was hit and you helping protect our streets from drivers who do not obey the laws.
Wow, what a change. Kevin Kelley and Wolfgang Weber came out to podcast with us, and we had our first non bourbon and beer soaked podcast. Sadly, Amy had to miss this one, so Corey and I hung out with the boys, talked wine, and had some laughs. Topics covered were all things wine, organics, and why crocs suck.
Oct-30 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena On Sale Soon
The Eagle grew right along with Brooklyn, continually expanding its long-time Fulton Street, and later Washington Street, headquarters, buying newer and more state-of-the-art printing presses, opening more and more branch offices, and drawing in more readers. By the Civil War, the Eagle had “the largest circulation of any evening paper in the United States,” a fact the paper made a point of printing in the top left corner of page 2 every day, followed by, “Its value as an advertising medium is therefore apparent.”
It’s been a long journey—30 years—almost as long as Moses spent in the wilderness. As with Moses, God has promised to protect Eli on his mission. There are those out there who want what he has, especially Carnegie (Gary Oldham), and he will kill for it. He recognizes the power of the words in that Book, and since only the survivors of the nuclear war, like Eli and Carnegie, can read, he wants to be the dispenser of his own twisted version of its message.
Today I saw the following statement used as justification for choosing a fee-based publisher that charges its authors nearly $4,000, and actively presents itself as a real publisher, rather than a vanity publisher or a (very costly) self-publishing service:
Step 2: google "bird template." Find one you like. I picked a bird because that's Ava's nickname :0)
Hans, a middle-aged German tourist on his first visit to England, finds the red light district and enters a large brothel. The madam asks him to be seated and sends over a young lady to entertain him.
Until recently, Gary read Garfield comics one or both boys at bedtime. Only now that they often stay up later than the old folks has that become rare. Still on occasion, as we head into winter with more indoors time, Dan has requested evening reading time with Dad.
So a pretty good reason to care about what book gets a particular award is that it channels a precious resource to that book--readerly attention. This, for those of us who care about literature, is both extremely interesting and hugely important. The books people read, get discussed, added to syllabi, and become part of our literary consciousness will inevitably shape that consciousness.
If a teacher saw a Sharpie marker, she probably would think nothing of it. But this particular one had been filled with gunpowder and a fuse was attached. If it weren't for a text message the student sent, deputies may not have known about the very dangerous plot.
So my reply ‘I guess you’re right. Sorry to put you in a pickle’.
Though there is certainly a lot to be said for getting the reader to do a bit of work!
Though not for sober ear,
Refreshing CPR and First Aid skills
this was a project to get in (close to) posting shape and it does sound
These are important statistics to you because if less money is spent on health care, then the grand forks north dakota motels an employee-sponsored family health insurance will not be complete without a visit to the grand forks north dakota motels or school. If you reside here in North Dakota, make sure you pass by their zoo. The Dakota zoo has about 600 animals which includes lions and animals from the grand forks north dakota motels of the European-American settlements.
Serial Killers
Thank you Jesus for this opportunity to depend on You and You alone!
So if you’re lacking inspiration, give some of these things a try. They’ve worked for me, at least. I wish you the best of luck!
God has tiny angels,
“We (men) would rather lose an arm out a city bus window than tell you simply, “You’re not the
Have a great week, y'all. I'm starting my full-on journey toward being that skinny bitch in the morning. All good wishes and positive prayers gratefully accepted.
They are the perfect shade to match these papers from Echo Park.
But the good thing is, I learned a couple of interesting things with the articles I have been writing. For example, I learned that you don't need a fancy schmancy espresso maker with a foam nozzle to make a cappuccino at home. The bad thing, however, is the craving I get for all the things I write about :O
In the climax, the freaks attack Cleopatra and Hercules with any sharp object they can get ahold. It is strongly implied they castrate Hercules and maim Cleopatra until she becomes a freak dubbed the duck Woman herself. So they live out their days among the freaks for whom they had nothing but contempt as one of them.
You can't play soccer, rugby or golf, and you can't watch tennis, cricket or the Olympics. You're prohibited from buying any product made with glass, steel, aluminium, paper, plastic or foil. Moreover, you can't use any homeopathic or allopathic remedies, or visit any clinic or hospital.
The hubby's parents flew down and the whole party enjoyed sites all over Texas. Spring vacations end up being pretty awesome, random, and funny. This one was no exception.
Eddie: You missed out. I brought candy yesterday.
So that is my attempt at Shabby Chic. I'm sure I've missed an element here and there, lol, I think you're supposed to use some vintage lace as well, but I ran out of room on the card! haha.
Rea: I can’t believe I can’t remember the first album I bought. This could mean a couple of things: I had so much music around, I bought more than one, or I have early onset Alzheimer’s. I grew up in a house full of music; on Saturdays, my parents would put on a Police record or Sting and we would clean for hours. My brother introduced me to all types of music. One of the first was probably a Faith No More album. The first concert I can remember attending is Korn. It was at this little hole in the wall place in Nashville. From that moment, I was hooked to going to shows. Every weekend, for the majority of my teenage life, I would get lost in the thrum of local bands, popular bands, any type of band. Every boyfriend I had through high school was a musician. I loved watching that passion onstage – I would try and emulate that when I wrote. It was and still is so inspiring.
and so I doused the page and asked her where to go from here...
I signed Oscar up for soccer. I'm looking forward to being a perfectly mediocre/sub-par soccer mom. I also look forward to the many arguments about going to soccer practices and games that are sure to ensue (because Oscar does this thing? Where even when we are doing something he enjoys, he still fights about it? It's pretty great.); and what is sure to be a crushing disappointment on the part of Miles William who is too young to play.
The broccoli is doing amazing as well, forming beautiful heads which will be quite tasty, and will fill the freezer nicely. The green beans seem to have made a full recovery from their bug attack at the beginning of the season. They are showing the first signs of blooming, which is very exciting. And last but not least, the snap peas are blooming like crazy! We are going to have a TON of peas this year! Canning season is going to be happening before we know it... time to get prepared now!
So right now, I am endeavouring to practise this ancient discipline more often in my life. Each morning, I try to take time to quieten my mind and heart, identifying and putting gently aside those things that want to force their way into my mind or those thoughts that threaten to overwhelm me. In short, I collect—or allow God to collect—those parts of me that have been so scattered and focus on the simple truth that here I am, Jo-Anne, created and loved by God. That’s all that matters at this point. Consciously, I recognise God’s presence around me, watching over me and caring for me. And I sit for a while, allowing my spirit to cease its striving and to be at rest and at peace. Then, when I am still, my focus turns to God. And just as God declares in Psalm 46:10, I know it is time to praise him and lift him up.
I will happily eat soup for several meals in a row, but he needs big, hearty meals. I was originally going to make some black bean enchiladas tomorrow, but I ended up stuffing a HUGE chickpea flatbread with the beans, salasa and queso and making him another quesadilla along with a huge salad.
Think! ye may buy the joys owre dear-
The advantages of the quick cook method are:
As soon as I walk in the breakfast room, I am met with the normal barrage of MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY'S UP! HI MOMMY! I LOVE YOU MOMMY! CAN WE HAVE CANDY FOR STAYING IN BED? DADDY DIDN'T FEED US BRESTFAST! I'M HUNGRY MOMMY! CAN I HAVE A VITAMIN MOMMY? DADDY GAVE ME BANANAS! SHEPPY HIT ME MOMMY! SHE HIT ME FIRST MOMMY! WHERE ARE WE GOING TODAY MOMMY?
Hope you all are having a wonderful weekend so far??? We have been busy....we were watching a
From the dream of a late summer afternoon,
The challenge is to do any project using ribbon this week for an entry and a chance to win not 1 but 3 fabulous prizes this week from our generous sponsor GRAPHIC 45--- so be sure to give this a try and let me know how your ornament turned out.
Happy New Year folks!
Reason Number One: Less stress. This is pretty obvious. Get it done and “forgetaboutit!” No rush, no stress, and you get to use a really cheesy line from NY or Donnie Brasco (take your pick of references). Especially if you are doing things like applications for programs, scholarships, or schools. They may seem lengthy, but I promise, getting it done as soon as possible will pay off.
There’s a new game in the horizon, but I still need to work in the concept.
Better known as my sister's place in Redondo Beach, just south of Los Angeles, it's where my husband and I found rest and relaxation from our roadtrip R&R, immersing ourselves in everyday life in the midst of vacation life. As with past visits, there are no formalities when Mr. Noodle and I knock on L's door - we know where to stow the luggage, where to find the towels and where she keeps the breakfast cereal. Soon enough, we slip comfortably into their regular routine which, for a few days at least, become our own. We join them in cheering on Nephew at his flag football games and share their pride in Niece's graceful form during ice-skating practice. While my husband accompanies his brother-in-law for a workout at the local gym, I tag along with L to the neighborhood grocery, then help put our purchases away in the freezer, fridge and pantry (to be raided later by me in full make-yourself-at-home mode).
187 .. ouch
Vegetarian oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon (optional)
Thanks, Randi... this is an awesome giveaway prize!
Semolina VanilIa Bean Custard Between
"Fancy meeting you here on the bus.
at Newtown Library
I don't say anything for a moment and then look at him. He smiles shyly at me.
3/ gotten over the mistakes I found in charts from 2 different designers that gave me a lot of grief trying to work out what I was doing wrong, when all the time it was the charts that had errors. (These weren't freebies, but real fair dinkum, all paid for charts, as I don't expect freebies to be error proof but do expect paid charts to be model stitched by someone and the pic on the front of one chart didn't have the errors showing and the other wasn't model stitched)...
I have many people and reasons to thank for it, but one woman in particular stands out in my my mind, for more than 6 years of intensive research, work and planning, that have not only led to me crawling out from beneath my rock but has also reminded me of how good the sunshine feels on my face.
And tonight. Tonight was wonderful. I met another blog queen whom I felt I already knew, the effervescent Cherie. We joined Sally, My friend Caro, and Cherie and Ruben and their other guests at Consagrados. Ruben was ebullient, Cherie was grace incarnate, and everyone was so welcoming. And I danced. Can I say this again? I danced. It was wonderful. I danced with locals, I danced with visitors, I danced with Sorin, and the highlight of my night, I danced with Ruben. The cabeceo is still tricky for me, I did alright sometimes, and other times Ruben or Sally would bring my attention to someone who was trying hard to get my attention. I'll get used to it soon I think.
What is it about the holidays that makes you light up inside? Is it the warm colors of the leaves changing? The smell of pumpkin pie straight out of the oven? Or maybe it's the feeling that holidays are just around the corner? Either way, I'm there with you. In Alabama, our fall is very short. Sometimes it feels like our weather just skips from scorching summer straight into toe-numbing winter. The three weeks we get of fall is very precious to me. It recharges my batteries and helps brace my spirits against the coming winter.
She added: "I have been asked to apologize but refuse to do so and resign the whip of my party."
If you are confused with the relation among Call, Dialog, Transaction & Message, you are not alone. Quite a good number of people get confused regarding the relation in the beginning.
Go and do the weekly food shop.
The World Courts of Women could not come at a more critical time. WEAP has been working hard to build on our transformative people’s movement to end poverty and highlight injustice facing women and families. Through planning of the WCW, we built alliances and partnerships with over 35 organizations across California to develop organizing committees that meet on a bi-weekly basis. These endorsing organizations, including Central Valley Journey for Justice, Building Opportunities for Self-Sufficiency (BOSS), Hip-Hop Congress and many others, that bring a wealth of knowledge and leadership to the planning process. This Planning Committee has made major gains in the progress of the WCW including creating a “Visual Call to Action,” a Youtube video advertising and explaining the Oakland Court (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0EBu9S9F4Y ) and a blog providing daily updates on the progress of WCW (http://worldcourtsofwomen.wordpress.com/). Additionally, we’ve started our registration process, making our registration form available online and developed an extensive volunteer database and descriptions of opportunities to become involved.
AB 417 – Waiting for a hearing in the Assembly Committee on Judiciary and Ethics – could happen in the next 2 weeks.
We need to understand that our dreams and goals are attainable. The only one that can stop anybody is themselves. We are our own hindrance. Once we believe that it can be done, we can’t be stopped. You must have faith in whatever you want and it will manifest. Seeing isn’t believing. Believing is seeing. You must have a vision before it becomes reality. You don’t have to accept what life brings you. Take control of your destiny and live your dream.
Any more questions?
Other hand sanitizers, because of the alcohol base are toxic and flammable. Prefense is safe and non-toxic, so it is safe even for your kids to use.
But now we have to worry about the truck drivers.
Don’t come looking for me
That's it from me today!
She said, “Oh I don’t know. Compared to a truck driver, I guess.”
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and the Island of Misfit Toys ... ABC Family ... 1:30 PM
"I think he's really funny and he's my brother and I love him."
Śrī Caitanya Mahāprabhu thus returned to consciousness. He then bathed and went to see Lord Jagannātha.
I am really getting bad with trying to keep up with a consistent blog but here is an update from Thursday.
Alternate: Jesse Armstrong, Simon Blackwell, Armando Iannucci, Tony Roche + Ian Martin, In the Loop
B. Thanksgiving.
is now a teenager...
I'll let you form your own opinions on that.
The heels that make my 5 foot 7 inch stature tower over everyone saying... "I'm aright with you looking up at me."
He was of the belief that corruption will be minimized if the president shows exemplary leadership in the fight against the canker. He added that it is imperative that the president summons his ministers at least every three months to account for their stewardship. He observed that there are a lot of laws on corruption in the country but their enforcement is the problem. “Law enforcement as far as corruption is concerned is the bane of Ghanaians and I will go all out to save that situation,” he said. He said it is equally important to place public and civil servants on decent retirement and pension conditions since they would shun corrupt practices with such quality conditions.
The best is yet to come in this meet – trust me.
the third and fourth side
This photos shows one wall in the office where my cork memo board hangs. I just bought a piece of cork board, spray adhesive glue and a wonderful black weaved fabric. I am really happy with how it came considering I don't feel like I am a professional DIYer....
Every time I hear President Obama talk about what is fair or not, I am reminded of how unfair it is to have a President whose personal history remains subject to question and the failure to provide documentation that most Americans are required to show for matters as simple as renewing a driver's license.
a spark from a star
Whenever I have a realistic object I need to draw I do extensive research. Running internet image searches makes this part so much easier than it used to be, when I would spend hours in the Library pouring through reference books. I looked at both photos of real Koi fish and traditional illustrations to see how they were depicted. This gives me a good style to base my final illustrations on.
So, now I have added to my challenge of using up my stash, the challenge of working on my unfinished patterns. I have written over a hundred patterns, no lie. I have only finalized and tested a handful : (
3.A surgicel which is oxidised regenerated cellulose can be packed in to the tissue.It is absorbable and safe to use.The surgicel partially dissolves to form acid products which coagulate plasma proteins together with Hb to form a black and sticky clot.
When it was finally time to go and get her we wandered back down to the school, by this time my Husband had joined me and we went together to collect her. I am sure they kept us waiting an extra long time before they let them out, I felt like I was in that playground for a lifetime. Finally she came bounding out from the classroom and instantly wanted to carry on playing!
Inspectors from the RSPCA checked animals on the site and were satisfied there were no welfare issues. HM Revenue and Customers checked 35 vehicles, for red diesel but none was found.
and pneumonia on my feet
Saturday: Out :)
“While some of his earlier comments were so strongly worded that they shook some of our audience members, it is never the intent of JEA or NSPA to let students get hurt during their time at our conventions,” they wrote.
Are you a catalyst for change? Are you in a toxic environment? Is your voice being heard? Are you an advocate for those without a voice? Is there room for you to grow?
In a move til appease campaigners thit hoped til keep the auld Castle, the new owners hiv assured us all thit they will dae their best til retain a "heritage theme" in the new hotel, wi pictures o' how it used to look before an' the like, as well as a bar called "The Dungeon". Spakin' afterwards, Minister Attwud commented thit he hadnae taken the decision til tear the shite oot o' the historic landscape "lightly", but that in the end "money talks and youse can all fuck off."
Another thing which I find completely amazing is that there were so many more public toilets in our cities back in the days when nobody was prepared to clean them! Gosh life must have been unpleasant when our grandfathers got caught short!
And I heard on a public radio report that high temperature records had been broken all over the Eastern U.S yesterday, too. I think it was 535 records+ that were broken.
AH...but the dreaming I'm doing lately is grand
First big news: I have a new job. When last I left you, dear readers, I had applied for a position and was in limbo, not knowing what would happen with it. Well, over the course of what felt like FOREVER, I had one interview, and then a second interview, and then an actual job offer. YES! As some of you may remember from last year, much had occurred at my little non-profit, and I had hoped that things would get better and they appeared to for a little while, but then they got worse again, and I stopped believing that I would ever be able to salvage any of the once-warm feelings I had for the place. So, it was time to start looking again. And, lo and behold! A State job turned up that is a combination of my 2 previous careers: librarian and development/communications officer.
4/10: Gaming; Screening: Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World (2010); Reading: Galloway, “Origins of the First Person Shooter” (CV 1072-1083); Research Proposals Due
This is unacceptable. Yes, Columbus needs a goalie and a defense, but the lack of scoring talent is painful and brutally obvious. To “learn” to win is difficult if you’re learning only from “tough veterans.” The tough veteran approach concerns me because unless they’re of a type like Vinny Prospal, they don’t have much skill to offer. The young guys in the Blue Jackets organization need time to develop properly and adjust to the professional game. Without any top-tier scoring talent outside of Rick Nash (and even he’s not truly elite), nobody else can shoulder the offensive burden and young players are thrust into roles they’re not prepared to take. That only further exposes the shallow and low-end talent in the Blue Jackets prospect pool.
Now here are my picks:
I would like to congratulate the winner of A Partial History of Lost Causes by Jennifer Dubois. Thanks also to TLC book tours and the publisher, The Dial Press for giving away a copy of this book to blog readers.
Your job is just to make money so that they can spend it on you to help you and your children to have the right views – their views. Even though their views have no practical value. They learned that they should be telling you where you should work, how much of your money you should keep, and how the money you earn should be spent. Not just the tax money they take from you, but the money you keep. They think they should decide how far you can drive, how much you can heat or cool your house, what food you can eat, and how much health care you are allowed to buy. And so on. That’s the Democrat party.
So recently a few of my closest friends have been posting poems and I have been reading them and have been very impressed, and it got me thinking about poetry, so I wrote this. I call it poetry from my point of view…hope you enjoy
The spiciness of the Biscoff is a nice counterpoint to bittersweet chocolate. Coconut oil rounds out the flavor and prevents the bars from becoming cloyingly sweet. The result is a grown-up blondie; perfectly chewy and wonderfully subtle (although if super-sweetness is you thing, try subbing white chocolate chips for the regular - it's a whole different dessert).
Carl Sagan was the first to remind us that “We are all stardust,” in Cosmos (a series co-created by the Director of this film). Twenty five years on, The Journey of the Universe will show us how the lineage of stardust can shape the way we feel about our own planet, so that we might better cherish and protect what gave us life and nourishes us still.
We’ll soon find out whether it’s called iPad HD or iPad 3, whether it has 4G LTE speed or plain old 3G, whether its chip has four cores or two and whether it will have laser beams strong enough to penetrate starship hulls, but precise enough to perform LASIK surgery.
Quick update: Here's my post from Vegas a few short months ago. Sadly, all I had with me were 4 pens and two pencils for 5 days in the desert. It was clear that I had lost some faith in my ability to love pens and the need for writing material.
Three day festival passes will start at only $90 and go on sale May 5 at ticketmaster.com.
This is probably the best Christmas album I’ve heard in ages, and once you get hold of it, it’s one that’s likely to become a mainstay in your audio device for holidays to come.
Come back tomorrow for an update on the rest of our weekend!!!
And now for the console table project...
My boyfriend and I then sat in bed to enjoy our repast while we watched the episode.
Well, writing to me is passion, way of knowing and expressing myself, it is reading to me and henceforth, it is a compulsion to me.
Hotel Accommodation, Payment and Tour Reservation will be shown in the Second Announcement.Contact Information:
Plastic Man #17 (May 1949)
The school is having a country fair type thing next week. They came home with information sheets listing different events they could take part in. Shorty wants to do all of them. I told her to choose two. One is a cupcake bake-off. I'm hoping it's like a county fair where people bring in baked goods and they're all judged individually. Shorty thinks it's like Masterchef where all the kids are supposed to have a cooking contest. I'll have to clarify the conditions of the cupcake competition.
of the man
As a part of their Project English Sanathan Dharma, my commentary and explanation of the Bhagavad Gita was selected by the Cincinnati Temple and listed right there next to the works of great souls like Swami Chinmayananda, Swami Sivananda and Swami Prabhupada. My friends are proud of me! My intention is to revise and print it as a book with pictures etc at some point in the future.
However, the single best way to turn users of your brand into advocates and fans is to always provide them with a product and service that continues to meet and exceed their expectations (also, include a little added value fun into the experience for them now and again).
For the Maple Vinaigrette Dressing:
“Well, what I’m saying is …” He looked around conspiratorially, then whispered, “It could have been a trained foreign militant, couldn’t it?”
There are just some people who can’t keep a secret. How about kids right before Christmas who saw their brother’s or sister’s present? They are splitting to tell them.
I thought today might be the day I lace up my shiny blues again and push “start” on the Garmin. But .. the day pressed on and my knee still didn’t feel right. Learning from my good friend Clay and his treatment of his dog Sunny (who has had both ACLs repaired), I opted to play it safe & not risk it. When I can fully extend my knee without pain, I can run again. Otherwise I’m just going to be nagging the same old injury and inviting it to stay a little longer.
Sometimes loving someone doesn't mean you like them all the time.
The relevant § 188 of the criminal code protrudes into the 21st century from pre-modern times like the laws of the Habsburgs or the ban on denigrating the parliament. Such a norm of conduct is not in tune with the times. In a secular state, consideration of the possible religious feelings of one’s fellow human beings is a question of respect and honor which requires no regulation by the state.
Hey America, please quit blaming Bobby Brown for Whitney Houston’s death. Last time I checked, Whit had full control of her own nostrils and esophagus.
My favorite part of your blogs are the photos! I love the photos of Brooklyn, but what about the rest of the kids, are they camera shy?
Anyway, I hadn't gotten an e-mail saying that my application (submitted in July) had even been processed so I haven't been expecting anything to happen soon.
Dressing up in your 80′s wear is definitely encouraged!
Hiii from finland!! I made it here early this morning.... came home and sat down on our front yard, to chill for a minute. Now just planning to soak up every sunny second, as long as the weather allows. Today we are going out in with my sisters... I've missed these moments!
1.) Does current legislation safeguard people at work ?
I did feel Cherie had to rein herself in with the book to keep it to novella length as she clearly loves this world and its inhabitants. Hopefully, she'll treat us to more with Belle and Croggin. Belle definitely has an adventure left for here. I kept expecting more of a intimate relationship to develop between Croggin and Belle, but things do seem to have been left open somewhat in that regard. The story arc does complete itself rather well with a fitting culmination and a few surprises along the way. We also learn being a Mad Scientist doesn't necessarily mean they are a bad scientist.
Your elbows are showing
1. Slice half of the bacon thinly and lay three slices shingled together on a cutting board.
Life was good. We were happy. Patrick did ask me if I wanted to get counseling after the emotional affair. I said a confident, “No, I just needed a baby.”
Of course I been covering this "too big to fail" shit ... well ... since the start of this journal (EXAMPLE) , which was just a tad before the big bailout. On these type issue's I am more conservative than anything else, being that I was opposed to the bailout since the beginning, and the reason is clear now as to why, which I pointed out time and again throughout this journal. My method of dealing with this would have been the ole conservative value of "pulling yourself up by the bootstrap's" of course. I dont expect many American's to even grasp what is happening or why ... because most American's truely believe in the American Dream, are working and playing the game, doing the "right" thing and have a lil more integrity even than some of these folk's that screw us ... but there is still no reason to remain blind either, and again ... "following the blind, will not make you see any clearer". I spent most of my life around hustling town's, my Dad being in the casino business in Vegas, had me in Freemont St and the Strip casino's as young as 8/ 9 year's old (my Dad was a "spotter/ eye", and he knew just about every trick in the book when it came to the table's) ... I lived around uncle's as a kid and familia who were associated with wise- guy's, racketeer's in town's like Brooklyn (NYC) and Buffalo, worked and stayed in a Montreal brothel as a teen for awhile, and was around drug transporting and dealing in Texas and Mexico year's back as well etc, etc ... I seen basically more hustle's, shake- down's, and scam's than you can shake a stick at ... I may not make a "bite" right off hand, but give me awhile, and I will soon. Most American's havent lived a life like mine, so I wouldnt expect them in masses to reckonize these thing's bottom line. But too, the "dream" is ONLY what we choose to make it, we create our realities, and our miseries are no exception. It dont suprise me much that New York was the birth place of the "Occupy Movement" ... after all ... where in America is the hustle and game more seen than a city like New York, it's fast, and if you cant keep up with it, you will lose ... New Yorker's get hip (keen) quick, when it come's to their money ... no town in the nation move's like NYC, believe me ... not even LA, Chicago, or Dallas.
Cut it into wedges.
Micah 7: 7
After the parade, head over to Westport, where you’ll find some of the best post-parade drinking and partying establishments in town.
And so on and so on. You get the picture. These were pretty lame examples but I know there’s better ones out there and I want to hear them. Now I just can’t wait for the season to start so I can hear Merrill use the name Cox…
And although Harvey may be lacking in the romance department, he's absolutely right about requiring a heckuva lot of gain (and power) to finesse a moonbounce. But that's exactly what some amateur radio operators do. With the use of impressive antenna systems, they focus a high-powered signal directly at the moon. The signal then bounces back to earth, where another EME operator can receive it.
I guess it's a good thing I started taking better care of myself. Because I'm okay with becoming the old spinster with twenty cats. Not that I will have twenty cats, but you get the idea. I'm okay with being alone. I don't know how you feel about that. We don't talk anymore. I have a hard time getting you to say more than three words to me in an average day. I'm lucky if you answer my texts. Half the time I want to ask if there is someone else, but I know that you will deny it. I know you will answer me with half truths. All I'm asking for is honesty. I don't know if you're capable of being honest with me or honest with yourself for that matter.
They have really great prices on all their painting supplies if you want to save some $$ in that area. Paints and stains alone can already cost so much as it is.
Flooding forced about 14,000 people to leave their homes but Mr Dobui says about 12,000 have been able to return home.
14. Consume remainder of scotch. Get spouse to drive you to the emergency room, sit quietly while doctor stitches fingers and forearm and removes pill remnants from right eye. Call furniture shop on way home to order new table.
I feel the warmth of the afternoon sun shining on me as I am stepping forward on a path leading through the forest, enjoying the soft soil under my feet. I have a look at the canopy of treetops, smell the piny fragrance that unfolds on dry, sunny days only and listen to the birds…
__._,_.___Reply to sender
Anyway. It's now been a few months of just pure love and happiness and passion. It's unlikely to last at that level. We'll both be dead within the year. Will need to calm down. Will need to stop eating and drinking!
When she was younger and playing outside, I always heard were she was.
Here Jesus walks on water – He treads on the abyss. But Peter walks as Jesus walks (cf 1 John 2:6). How?
Today, the municipality no longer ‘hassles’ the Afrikaners, also because a group of black squatters has taken up occupancy in one corner of the former municipal campsite, writes Alet of Goudveld Griffon. She visited the camp two days ago with Gideon van Deventer of Riebeeckstad and sent us this latest update.
Tuesday: Networking paper/exam
Grabbed a photo in the library for a different background.
I love every one of you spoken to above. Whether you walk this earth or have moved on in spirit. I thank every one of you for how you have played these cards dealt to you. You have shown strength in the face of adversity and that is something to admire.
6. pray daily for all my kids
In my book my heroine tries her hand at both - young and saucy, older complicated and not-altogether wiser. I wanted to show how a woman of a certain age can have the power to shop around, and should do! Shopping around definitely has its upside and terrific moments (especially if one includes Italian shoes). No?
According to Arab News, “The sheikh is of the view that hardline approach in the issue of ikhtilat (mixing in public places or in the presence of others in a dignified manner) is unjustified.” The forward thinker is also against marriages of underage little girls and agrees that female salesclerks should be manning women’s lingerie shops, not men – issues that have caused controversy and have cropped up in the news for many years.
define as a yell
It is not just the free movement of capital that is bad for us. The free movement of labour is bad for us too: as the authors observe, “mass inward migration … kept downward pressure on labour costs in the private sector.”
Lost in purgatory
After school I applied to do pretty general subjects at college, I didn’t really have a plan, but just before I’d finished school I got a letter from The Manchester College offering a summer school in Music Production and Sound Recording – I got really excited over the chance to really make music, it was probably at that moment I started to really vision myself getting into a career in music.
Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation 19
Here is how it came together.
but there was no trust in it
Roy: Because.
Amongst her many qualities H is dependable, down to earth, a great listener, a skilled thinker, empathic, warm hearted, cultured and particularly well read. She is also a very talented visual artist. I am very proud to say that I own three of her original artworks that each mark an important moment in my life.
Even for Jess and Ella, our ‘research’ was entertaining and informative. We would have been a lot more naive if not for our discoveries through our research. Information not readily available became ours. We were better for it. We didn’t always like what we discovered but we prefer to know the truth. Jess may have fallen for Ramon’s lies hook, line and sinker if not for our research.
- So portable
For the fire, I used our X-Grill portable barbeque (see my earlier article and review), as we weren't allowed to light fires directly on the ground. We'd brought along a box of decent hardwood, my favourite hatchet and had gathered I pile of tinder and kindling from around the farm. We were also contending with 20mph winds and occasional severe gusts that routinely tipped over our camping chairs.
Ultimately, Grace of My Heart is the story of a survivor. Denise endures all kinds of ups and downs in her personal and professional life with music as the constant thread that runs throughout. It is always there for her whereas the men in her life come and go. Her personal journey propels the film and when it hits a lull this mirrors the lull in her life until someone like Joel comes along and gets her going and the film’s narrative starts up again. By the end of the film you really feel like you’ve been on a journey with this character. Denise channels all of her life experiences into her music and so it makes sense that the film climaxes with her finally recording and releasing the full-length album she had always wanted to do. It is rare when you see a film that is such a labor of love as this one. Anders and Douglas poured so much of themselves into this project and it shows. Grace of My Heart may strain at times under its own ambition but one has to admire its desire to do so in a day and age where so many films and filmmakers play it safe.
The Emerson brand (after poet Ralph Waldo Emerson) by Boston-based designer Jackie Fraser-Swan is sophisticated and fresh without taking the desperately-pushing-the-envelope route that many new designers follow.
1 box Devil's Food with pudding in the mix
The Bad News: While I was there, they again found blood in my urine. I need to learn to stop pee’ing in the cage. I was also so stressed that I pooped as well, which they said was runny. This is odd, because at home I’ve bee pretty darned normal. When they spoke to my Mom, they said they wanted to rule out kidney or bladder stones, so they did some x-rays on my belly. These came back negative. The vet said that they could not do an accurate test of my urine to see if I had a UTI again because I would still have the antibiotics in my system from last time. So today Mom scheduled me for a follow-up for next week. They told her how to make it so that I have a full bladder, and they explained how they go THROUGH MY ABDOMEN DIRECTLY TO MY BLADDER!! That sounds like an AWFUL big needle. They want to rule out a UTI, and do an analysis of my urine to see what might be causing all these problems. Going through my abdomen allows them to bypass various other bits of me that I’d rather not speak about in mixed company. Suffice to say, if they can get a “sterile” sample from my bladder, they can more quickly figure out what’s going on.
The Ringing
All lighting shot through softboxes except the two backlights which were on either side of the background and about 5ft away.
The Anti-Defamation League issued the following statement:
_Elodie Ghedin, 44, Pittsburgh, Pa. Parasitologist and assistant professor at University of Pittsburg School of Medicine who studies genetic sequencing techniques.
Of course I’ll do some online research as well but so far all the info I’ve found has been pretty generic and almost all of them say basil is super easy to grow… Not much help for my fragile ego…
We headed for the hills, departing from home before 9am was a Sunday novelty. More than normal the kids wanted to be there as soon as we had left. “Are we there yet?” The hills that flank the north west of Melbourne are not impressive by world standards, but they are the first to be buffeted by the wind from Antarctica, and snow falls. As we drove further from home the temperature slowly fell, dipping into single figures, falling, falling, falling. We were in the forests before we were in the snow lands. Damp and mossy, with streams rushing with welcome winter rain, branch drips smack the windscreen, the road dark and shiny even in the dull light of a grey day.
Friday night, I literally hopped right into the shower as soon as I got home to get ready for the evening. ALG's beau was in town for the weekend, so as always, the four of us had some fun plans made. We started the evening at Kobe, a Japanese Steak & Sushi restaurant. Hibachi is one of ALG and my favorite foods and Bryce loves sushi, so we all had a wonderful meal. After that we headed to The Tobacco Company, a Richmond classic, for Happy Hour of $1 Rails.
What I fear isn’t the difficulties,but the ones scared of the difficulties.
I went for quite a long time without growing mums. I was not a fan of them because they either wanted to spread too far, or else they would die after a year or two. Larry talked me into getting more, and the ones I'm showing in this post were just planted last year. The 'Debonair' ones I've had several years, and they seem to do well, but not try to take over. I don't remember the names of the new ones. These are starting to turn pink as they fade. I like that.
Big Mistake.
Firstly, McKnight contends that the early councils of the first few centuries basically got it right. Both Nicea and Chalcedon were on target as they sought to articulate the gospel. He writes, “careful attention … has now convinced me that ‘creed’ and ‘gospel’ are intimately connected, so intimately one can say the creed is the gospel” (63, emphasis mine).
796 ***D-IV/29/1980. “Women and the Law: Fortescue and The Merchant of Venice.” Law Alumni Association, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 349-63 (1992).)
Gracie unzipped the black slip the dress was in and showed it to a surprised Denise.
A resident of Chapel Hill, N.C., she was a retired nurse and mother of three daughters. She was a dedicated mother and wife that did her best to raise her girls to be wives and proper ladies.
Sift over the flour, bicarbonate of soda, baking powder, xanthan gum and spice. Peel the skin off the bananas and weigh out 250g of the flesh. Add the mushy banana to the rest of the mix along with the crème fraiche.
And are we really coloring it flourescent pink?
Again, I don't know how to net so won't be doing that part. This would make a nice cross, or pendant, or one of a series of motifs in a small piece.
Jester King Farmhouse Wytchmaker
A long time ago, in a kitchen not too far from where I'm sitting now. . .
that watches your chest rising in the heat.
CBS 6 legal analyst Todd Stone said the state law is not the best-written piece of code. “The law is pretty inconsistent. And it’s not very clear in certain places as to what exactly they are trying to accomplish.”
I didn't take a good pic because my room is still in shambles from painting and sanding this silly thing in the wee hours of the night. Which, by the way, was a VERY stupid thing to do. Could I wait for B.J. to come home and help me take it outside where I could paint and sand without making a mess in the house? Oh, no! I got a wild hair that couldn't be tamed. It still needs some work, but I've got to wait for some help to get it outside. Because as Popeye would say, "I can't stands no more."
We queue patiently for our coffee, we then order our coffee (assiduously avoiding the terms ‘Tall, Grande & Venti’ in preference to Small, Medium & Large) then we say ‘No, I don’t want anything else’ and then we pay.
- You hate freaks.
The owls were punched from Early Espresso cardstock, Whisper White cardstock, Chocolate Chip cardstock, Pocket Full of Posies DSP, Flirtatious DSP, and Red Glimmer Paper. The owl pieces were adhered together with the Two-Way Glue Pen.
was on the wind. This made her think of Sé again and she smiled to herself.
I can't really pick 15 bloggers though because I love all the blogs I read; so if you read this, consider yourself awarded because you all deserve it!
LET THE FIRE FALL
Yes, seen um and yes.
it just seemed
I admit, Forever 21 is crammed with clothes. Cheap clothes. But within that crazy mess, there are a few gems just waiting to be discovered. It takes a bit of patience and persistence to find them.
her rosy cheeks, her sparkley silver pants
13. Shake Me
Humanities Centre L41
New York and Florida suck too…
And finally I have a mystery grab bag of 5 stamps from I Brake for Stamps. I'm trying to get through these excessive stamps I have laying around my desk as they are driving me absolutely bonkers. I want to try and get rid of quite of few by the end of this month as the month of June will mark the one year anniversary of the start of this blog, and I have some wonderful gift certificate prizes in mind!
In addition to this fabulous prize, I am offering up THREE PS stamp sets of the winner's choice.
(to her, carpe diem’s darlings)
161 3. “In the Wake of Watergate.” Book Review: Philip B. Kurland, Watergate and the Constitution (Chicago, 1978). Chicago Sun-Times, Show/Book Week, April 30, 1978, p. 10.
I've criticised CAMRA in the past regarding their attitude to craft beer. This time I'm happy to praise them for cancelling the contract allowing Brewdog at GBBF.
She has been going out in the evening for a few weeks now. She crouches next to the basement window where the field mice have a little nest. Until yesterday, all her waiting had been in vain.
Ive adopted a new neighbourhood, and a new health regime/lifestyle with tangible rewards.
Preheat oven to 350°. In a large mixing bowl beat eggs and milk. Cut bread into small cubes (about ¼ inch cubes). Three slices should make about 1 cup of bread cubes. Stir bread cubes, onion, spices, and Worcestershire sauce into egg and milk mixture. Add ground beef and mix well by hand. Form mixture into a loaf in a 13″ x 9″ baking pan (see photo of Meatloaf Ready for Oven). Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
I can count on one hand the amount of phone calls I have received this year, i’m pretty sure and I can count on one hand the amount of times I have rung people. I’m fairly sure they don’t have to worry about me taking the piss on that one., And being told about not putting anthrax in the post is soooooooooo 1990s yawn, would rather put it in an email now, holla holla playa playa
The report, a joint product of Equifax and Moody’s Analytics ($40.16 -0.44%), showed 49.5 million outstanding first mortgages, marking an 11% decrease from the peak of more than 55 million in March 2008. These balances were 3.5% lower than last March and have now posted year-over-year declines for the last 36 months.
Am I the only one tired of hearing about their relationship? What is SO fascinating? He is rich & powerful. She was a supermodel. Isn't this the same ole PB&J the media crams down our throats every time E! comes on?
Everyone knows that you’re either ahead of a style or you’re behind it, I’m not missing the boat on this one and neither should you. I recommend everyone rushes out and gets one—or maybe two, I’ve seen that quite a few times as well—of these suckers right away.
We tied the elastic cord on the inside of the bracelet so the knot would not be seen when worn We then secured the tied not with a drop of glue. We used G-S Hypo Cement, but other good choices for glue include: E6000 Industrial Strength Glue Adhesive or Aleene's Jewelry & Metal Glue.
April 6: The Group of 88 issued its statement, thanking protesters who had branded the players rapists and asserting definitively that something “happened” to the accuser at the party. In sharp contrast to Lange’s willingness to confront publicly Houston Baker, Brodhead remained silent amidst the Group of 88’s assault on the presumption of innocence. Even six months later, he couldn’t bring himself to question his faculty’s rush to judgment. Instead, he rationalized the Group of 88’s actions on the grounds that “these charges engaged people’s deepest fears, deepest anxieties, and dreads.”
Overall it was a lot of celebrating and fun. She is such a special girl and I don't know what I would do without her. She is the most stubborn and strong willed child we have, but she is also the sweetest and most caring and loving child we have as well. When I went to eat luch with her at school today, I think I saw every kid in her class ask her if she would sit by them at lunch. She loves everyone no matter what they wear, or look like, or talk like. She wants to be everyones friend. That is one of her best qualities. She is such a big sprit in a teeny tiny 40 lb. body. We love her so much!
Since Tinker v. Des Moines, numerous decisions have upheld the right of students to wear controversial and “offensive” (I put this in quotes because it is subjective) clothing to school (see this PDF from American University Law Review for a summary). One such case involved the donning of a T-shirt with the slogan, “Homosexuality is a sin! Islam is a lie! Abortion is murder! Some issues are just black and white!” Let me stress that this sort of speech is protected by the First Amendment, even in public schools.
Well, we did get this one. They are in matching Nick and Nora cowboy and cowgirl pajamas.
1. Procrastination
I fall for certain types of guys and they are all bad. I tend to fall for the ones that are married, unemployed, have a mild creepish factor or stalking tendencies. Where can I meet single men that don’t act like baboons? I have a lot to offer and need to get out of this loser man rut.
Factory arranged for Guangzhou tour. We went to Yuexiu Park to take photo with 5 goats statues (Guangzhou symbol). Then off we went to Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall. Then followed by a Muslim street (lots of Muslim shops here, Huaisheng Mosque can also be visited here), later off we went to Ancestral Temple of the Chen Family (also called Chen Clan Academy or Chen's Lineage Hall but now serves as Guangdong Museum of Folk Arts and Crafts). After visiting Chen's Temple, we were hungry and we went back to Guangta Road (Muslim street). We were sick of kebab and lambs and looking for halal cantonese meal but not to be found and we ended up having another uighur meal right opposite Huaisheng Mosque. Not bad at all.
We decided it was time to man up and be there for each other all the time.
I'll give it some thought.
I hope i can see her very often!
Each person must post 11 things about him/herself on their blog.
They’ve set the story in a world where anything is possible. The world of the spy – at least in fiction – is a world of shifting boundaries. A country that was an enemy yesterday is an ally today, and a threat again tomorrow. A deadly enemy agent, once turned, can be your most valuable asset. Against this background, every character is suspect and loyalties can change at any time. That’s the value of genre to the writer – among other things, it can create an atmosphere that supports ambiguity.
What I didn’t like was the cast of characters. Everyone was out for something. They all were extremely clever and one step of the other.
I have admired flipbooks I've seen online and wished I could make them. I've found sites that can make and host them for you, but they're out of my league, I'm afraid. Somehow I found this software, which is an Adobe Dreamweaver extension, at a fraction of the cost. The trouble was to figure out how to use it!!! It's html and two xml files plus Flash. I know nothing about Flash and what the heck is xml??? I felt like Pooh Bear at first (a bear of very little brain...) The instructions are written for someone who knows what they're doing....
Chloe's Sunshine Playground is an accessible park that is tentatively planned to be built in Syracuse, UT. The playground will include features that will allow ALL children to play side-by-side, including those with special needs. http://thenochildleftoutproject.blogspot.com/
Check your watch. The time is now. The past is over and tomorrow may never come. All that you have and all that you can control is right here and right now. You can choose to be beautiful and let our beauty tips put roses in your cheeks and lightness in your step. You do not need a day spa to feel beautiful today.
You might just save a life.
Many people throw the word karma around without truly understanding what it means. What do you think our biggest misconceptions are about karma?
In the midst of the war between two prominent families, the Rungsariths and the Jakrawuts, a mystery that occurs one night in a luxury condo, with death as its clue, leads a young man and a young woman, who are as different as night and day, to take a path neither had ever imagined taking. These two young people are Yanin Jakrawut (Rita Jensen), the sole heiress to the Jakrawut family, a fearless half-American/half-Thai who has never allowed rules to constrict her life, and Sanyakorn Rungsarith (Aun Wittaya), a young man who was raised under a strict code of conduct and who has always taken the clear-cut path in life.
lots of paperwork and contracts to push around
Normally something pops into mind and it all just happens like magic. I have been pondering this baby quilt for DAYS. I don't work well with pastels and neutrals. Everytime I come to some kind of conclusion, I suddenly don't like it anymore and change my mind.
These 10 items are timeless pieces, and different variations of them should make up the majority of your wardrobe. Although, some of these items might be expensive, you’ll save money in the long run because they will never go out of style. I love to pair timeless pieces with more trendy ones. It’s a great way to achieve an effortless fashionable outfit without looking like your trying too hard. Mixing and matching your wardrobe is a great way to create new outfits at zero cost. So have some fun and experiment with what you already have in your closet. Your favorite sweater from a few years ago is probably still in style today.
I thought knitting and crafting were a part of who I was for many years. I love color and I like the feeling of accomplishment I feel after finishing a project, but that feeling was always very short-lived and quickly replaced in a manner of minutes with an urgent need to start a new project. When I work out, I bask in the accomplishment of pushing myself and I'm proud that I overcame my mental objections to making myself work harder. That feeling carries me through the entire day. When I see the number on the scale dropping, I feel a very deep sense of satisfaction. A belly filled with healthy food makes me feel so much better in the long run as opposed to a gut brimming with sugar and fat that leaves me dragging my feet through the rest of my day. Realizing that some people are just jerks and leaving them to their miserable lives, instead of crying over their repeated hurts aimed at me and trying to figure how I can mend the relationship...that's hard to do, but ultimately more satisfying and productive.
Anyway, the first hurdle was my own self-inflicted fear of trying new things. Once I got over that (after convincing myself that if I failed I’d feed the stuff to my dogs), I faced another problem – where to get those weird sounding flours? At the supermarket, I only tend to see the same few flours. I managed to locate some of those flours, but then I was faced with yet another problem, these flours were sold in at least 500g quantities and were expensive! And I was afraid that I wouldn’t like the taste of them and hence waste the rest of the flour away! Sounds familiar?
for the maintenance of the façade improvements described here for a period of five years from the
Queen Sirikit National Convention Center (QSNCC) is one of three major convention centres in Bangkok. It is the smallest of the three, but the closest to the centre of the city. It has a subway station right outside. There are restaurants and cafes on the premises and the prices are the same as elsewhere. They don’t charge a premium like I have seen in the US.
But there are upsides to growing up: being able to put your thoughts into a concise form, for example; being able to write for any audience; being able to write believably; being able to research thoroughly (though for fantasy writing this doesn’t come into play much); being able to be a better writer, basically. I found that Christopher Paolini, the much acclaimed young author, wasn’t actually that good of a writer. He was young and he wrote dragons and lots of battle scenes into his books and they suddenly became popular. Now, I don’t intend to insult his writing style, his books or anything, but I noticed an immaturity in the series that didn’t really surface until the last book, when all became clear.
Tim Atkinson recently explained the philosophy behind Dotterel Press, being very clear to point out that the press requires not money from the authors they will publish, but in turn; ‘we don't charge anything, but we don't make money for authors either.’ Dotterel Press donate all money earned from the sales of books to charities nominated by their authors once the initial cost of publishing a book has been met. The non-profit model is not dissimilar to Concord Free Press – a US small press that sends patrons a free book from their published list once the patron makes a donation to charity. Surprising, this model of publishing for non profit has lead to some high quality books from Concord Free Press.
Um.. Sorry but what about the honor and dignity of people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transsexual/transgendered? What about our own unique qualities? Didn't your "god" make us the way that we are?
Anyway, the church where I played along with my friend on a song, has expressed interest in me playing solo in between phases of some ceremony which really grinds on the collective free floating guilt, and the bloody, painful stuff in the Story. A lot of the stuff which I personally can't honestly get behind.
As I’m sure many of you will know, gin classification is a bit of pet subject for me. Following some recent revelations, I wanted to provide a little update but lets start with the basics.
Before I get too involved in this story, though, I should provide an abbreviated “Who’s Who,” as the Bremonds were as prolific as they were wealthy.
But even that – as utterly terrible as it is – is STILL not anywhere close to the REAL cost of this disastrous health care bill. Consider the most sobering Democrat omission of all. From Cato:
In our house full of growing girls, all voices and drama and thundering footsteps, Dad carved out a space for his workshop. It was in the basement, just beneath the kitchen. It was quite a place, Dad's workshop. It smelled of Dad, the essence of sawdust and repair. Its soundtrack was the whistle or rift of whatever song had last stuck with him, there was always a tune seeping out of his memory.
Later in the day, as he went to feed, he saw the truck in the driveway of the house that went with the property he rented and that he watched over for the family who lives away from here. He stepped out of the truck and asked the man what he was doing. The man told him it was none of his business. My friend's husband replied that it was as he was responsible for the house and that he rented the farm that went with it. At this, the fella jumped from the truck, slugged my friend's husband, knocking him to the ground. Then, he straddled him and proceeded to hit him more than 30 times in the face, breaking every bone in his face, all while my friend's husband begged him to stop. Somehow, my friend's husband managed to get an arm free and poke two fingers in the man's eyes, wiggled his cell phone from his pocket and call 9-1-1. This caused the fella to get up, run to his truck and go home.
Thing is the beautiful soul that am dating believes as long as you can cover the nakedness you may go anywhere in anything…upto and including the moon.
If it is true that Paul uses God language in order to interpret and ‘define’ Christ, it is also true that language about Christ also in turn redefines the identity of God.
that are heading off to their new owners this week.....
By 9 o’clock visitors began to rapidly arrive and soon the mansion was thronged. The guests were received by Mr. and Mrs. Nagle and their niece, Miss Hibbard. Little groups of people found their way all over the house and having feasted their eyes with pleasure on the artistic beauties of the lower floors, the ladies particularly had a chance to go into ecstasies over the arrangement above the stairs. Every visitor was charmed with what he saw and congratulations were showered on the host and hostess. Lunch was served by Kabis in very excellent style.
At least the in-game characters are like “WRAAAAAAugh!! WHY did we do all that? This is the stupidest thing ever!!!”
Fount adornment, or darkside adornment, as conflicting to 'light,' evokes images of the macabre and the preternatural: vampires, the deceased and undead, intoxicant, opprobrious magic and the actress subject. As such, artisans cunning items that would cite to a person's dispiriting or gothic view. There is an quantity of emerce websites and specialty stores whose intensity is on jewellery and the darkside. In these places, a individual give be healthy to hit face adornment much as pentacle pendants, typeface marking necklaces, spider-and-web piercings, and statesman.
Be aware- I am not switching to being a teaching blog- but 1st grade research and ideas where all over my head yesterday! So have pity on my post ;)
The great thing about these towels is that they are large, so your kiddos can use them for a long time!
hyphenating inside my fridge.
CFR Director Madeline Albright is a professor at the Jesuit Georgetown
My man.
What's Black Friday without a little thrifting at Goodwill? Overall, it was an okay trip. Most of my finds will be used for the spring consignment sale, but I did find a few Ebay finds. On this trip I spent $6.50
- Spend time asking God how he would like you to spend these months. Pray and think about the following ideas
I loved sitting right beside her easel on that day, and I got to watch her mix her paints. It's almost as fascinating as watching her paint.
ANYWAY - i hope you are feeling refreshed and your weekend was everything you wanted and more!
There are two types of Vasilopita basically. One is a cake and the other one is tsoureki. Although there are two types, there are countless variations to these two. I always follow the easiest way and make it as a cake. This year I tried a new recipe from Argiro Barbarigou and it was, I think, one of the best I have ever made. Argiro Barbarigou belongs to the new generation of Greek chefs and she is very famous, because she makes easy and tasty recipes. This was a total winner and I will sure be making it again. I made some very minor changes to fit our tastes and there it is.
Its worth all the effort .
More often than not, the tutor is forced to the same response, “Does anyone OTHER than Kaye have the answer?”. Im not domineering, but it sure as hell ensures I get every cent of the education Im paying for. Sooo I try not to be too overpowering, but its no easy feat when everyone is so damn quiet. I guess sometimes I forget what its like to be 18 at university. Mmm, probably because I never was 18 at university.
For our discussions in my small group these last weeks I asked them to read two chapters out of The Brothers Karamazov (“Rebellion and “The Grand Inquisitor”). As I reread “Rebellion” the line that struck me the most was when Ivan said, “One cannot live by rebellion, and I want to live!” I feel a similar disappointment with Dostoevsky’s novel as I do with Foer’s. Ivan doesn’t learn how to live in any way that isn’t rebellion. At the end of the book he’s sick with it.
In 2007 after losing her husband, Mark, in a plane crash, she decided to change careers. At this time she was informed that the photographs she took in Africa for her Mother In-Law’s charity, Hands of Hope, helped to raise thousands of dollars for them. At this point she decided to pursue photography as a profession by enrolling in classes at Columbia College. The following years Sarah spent traveling around the world taking photographs for various Charities as Sarah Wauterlek Photography. She has exhibited her work downtown LA with RAW Artists and was chosen as a semi-finalist.
Comedian Bill Cosby, who drew the biggest crowd of the afternoon, took on teen pregnancy, gun violence and cussing rappers before concluding with remarks about schools.
Several of the chapters are redemptive in nature—helping a person find forgiveness for past relationship mistakes and sins. The author shares practical lessons of what God taught him in this regard.
We even had a Prime Minister who morphed into a Malay bumiputra and bred a Malay Elite race within Umno at the expense of other races as well as the rural Malays. Everything that was done during his era began with a Capital ‘M’. Mahathir Mohamad or M O N E Y. And money was the in-word for cronies of the government, who in turn became an exclusive ‘who’s who list’ of select firms privatizing Malaysia thanks to fat government contracts that benefited only themselves but not the people. No, it was the people who were forced to fork out toll and pay higher prices while the cronies appeared on Forbes list of the world’s richest!
An Amber ale really bursting with fruity and hoppy flavors. Perfect balance between malt and hop give this beer exquisite taste and not such a bad hop bite for those not used to it. Both explosive and subtle, really fantastic.
6. Sequence 6 (2:42)
8:15: Read Macie two books (again Dh takes the lead on all of this while Penny is eating. But we read together. Pray, put Macie to bed.)
That she’s gone, it cuts me like a knife.
A van hit him from behind doing 100k's...
More of a bargain is the Court Circuit event at the Parc Floral, which is also in my opinion a far more interesting garden than the Tuileries. The event is a gathering of young and talented French designers who will be selling jewellery, clothes, shoes and accessories, but of course you'll also be able to wander around the park.
The final call to "Seedy Swells, Tea Kettle Purgers, Head Robbers, and Flunkeys out of Collar" strongly suggests that Mr Harris is happy to do business with men of dubious reputation, so long as they have the ready cash of course.
(...and No! these are not laxatives although they might look like they are haha....)
I got home, ate, showered, and then knocked out for an hour.
Nathaniel and I already had a date set wayyy back in 2007. Labor Day. And then we talked about it and talked about it until we came to the conclusion that a big, giant wedding with 500+ people at a church just ain't our thing, ya know? So now we've talked and talked and talked and have come to one conclusion: we don't want the big church wedding, but we don't want to get eloped, either. And so, wedelope was born!!
It’s really hard what to make of the situation – morally what Annie was incredibly dark and barbaric but at the same time, by committing such an atrocious act she managed to ensure the world was safe. Also by doing that act, she cancelled the older version of Eve out and went through her own door with the baby version in hand.
1 cup cream
What a way to add to my collection! Thank you Romantic Homes.
I say stolen because that is exactly what you do when you do that, you’re stealing, leeching off another man’s creativity and claiming it for yourself.
I need to take a trip to Phoenix to see if I can figure out some assisted living for my mom, still not settled, and then get back here for some serious packing, donating, and throwing away!
Along the couches...
Some of the spectacular creations had been destroyed by wind and water. But quite a few still managed to survive. Check it!
the doorbell rings and there is no barking.
We've been somewhere like this before, of course. There were the London riots over university fees last year, in which, for example, a young man called Charlie Gilmour got photographed hanging off the Cenotaph, jumping on cars and other drug-fuelled and destructive idiocies. He recently got sent down for six months, and is currently locked in a cell for 23 hours a day. His mother, fellow author and Twitterer Polly Samson says he shouldn't be. I think I agree with her, but not for the reasons you might imagine. I don't condone what he did one iota as far as the Cenotaph is concerned. I am the daughter and grandaughter of ex-serving officers. I was sort of in the army myself for a time (yes yes, it's a little known fact about me--get over it). I think that what he did was a disgrace. But here's what I would have done. I would have tagged him, put him in a very cheap B and B near Headley Court (run by Help for Heroes), and I would have made him work with injured servicemen for those six months (or even three). Scrubbing floors, cleaning loos, changing sheets, talking to and being around those guys all day (and maybe some night shifts too), seeing just what sacrifices they have made (and no--I'm not getting into the rights and wrongs of Afghanistan here either). Want to teach him a lesson about respect and civic duty, dear judiciary? That would be a far more effective, cheaper and more salutary way of doing it than locking him up for those 23 hours. But it's not how our system works.
1) a speech given by von Sydow’s depressive artist character: You missed a very dull TV show on Auschwitz. More gruesome film clips, and more puzzled intellectuals declaring their mystification over the systematic murder of millions. The reason they can never answer the question “How could it possibly happen?” is that it’s the wrong question. Given what people are, the question is “Why doesn’t it happen more often?” ….You see the whole culture. Nazis, deodorant salesmen, wrestlers, beauty contests, a talk show. Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling? But the worst are the fundamentalist preachers. Third-rate con men telling the poor suckers that watch them that they speak with Jesus, and to please send in money. Money, money, money! If Jesus came back and saw what’s going on in his name, he’d never stop throwing up.
Dude, it wasn’t my idea. My sisters pinned me down and painted my nails. But check it out. They glow.
The hot dogs come out on paper-lined metal plates, the sausages lightly charred from the grill. The sausages are meaty and not too greasy, and the buns are soft but substantial - not the squishy kind you get from the supermarket, but proper baked ones with a faintly sweet crust.
but theres only one i really like, and theyre the ones from lane bryant
With a fire-breathing 6.2-litre V8 engine and lithe body, is the C63 AMG driving perfection or is it gloriously over-the-top?
In the evening I went to the singing while Mrs Tootlepedal stayed at home as she has lost her voice. We had a guest conductor and we spent our time trying to get into the spirit of singing very old Bahamian funeral songs. It was surprisingly cheerful.
Actually, it's about time the whole issue of pub ownership and management was tackled in this country. The big pub chains have been ripping their publicans off for years.
I corrected her: "I cutted mine, sweetie."
...to which led a conversation that he told me that every motorcycle has a headlight that stays on at all times
AppLab Indonesia provides the working poor with an innovative and sustainable way of meeting growing demand for affordable access to information through a microfranchising model that is easy for them to use and benefit from. To find out more about the initiative, watch a video about the project on the Grameen Foundation website.
flowers-3birds Garden of Flowers
reasonable person fear. The crime of stalking is defined differently, however, in all 50 states, the
-2 cloves garlic
“Money is the lifeblood of terrorism in these shady, violent, religious extremist groups,” he said. “If we can stop the flow of money, we can significantly reduce the threat here at home and abroad.”
FLEET FOXES-Helplessness Blues 12 Inch single
And that is how The Family Man ended up being a snail-paced, forgettable film with undertones of shame.
The frame is an old one I had in a box.
To my amazement, his response was immediate. He paid attention. He curried favor. He followed me around the house. It touched me, but I didn't let him know it.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the egg and beer mixture and blend. At this point the batter will look horrid and you'll be tempted to toss it. Hang in there.
- Make a gingerbread house today
The latest two are under April's byline and I will post a link as soon as it is available.
Gown Ups is about five childhood friends who reunite after the passing of their basketball coach passes away. With their quirky families in tow, the boys get together in the coach's lake house for a Fourth of July weekend of reliving their childhoods. Chaos ensues as the parents realize that growing older doesn't mean that you have to grow up. You're never too old to let loose, be goofy, and have fun with your friends and your kids, sometimes even at the same time.
I enjoy art that pulls no punches, explores whichever topic the story demands, and employs only self-censorship for impact, over adhering to another's definition of obscenity. Passionate language and nudity are beautiful aspects of life & should be celebrated and I won't pretend they don't exist. Nor do I find Californication gratuitous in the slightest - for a dose of gratuitousness, there is always the nightly news.
At that moment, my skull decided to turn inside out. A blinding flood of pain superheated my eyeballs and pounded on my brain like a midget playing whack-a-mole in my head as a migraine hammered my forehead. I dropped the broom and pressed both hands to my temples in a vain attempt to soothe the pulsating agony. My sight blurred and I fell against the nearby shelf. Spray cans rattled on the floor, and a bottle of something green shattered and spread across the tiles, overpowering the other scents with the cloying odor of pine.
My life needs to happen outdoors and this year off has allowed me to see it.
Here is a photo of one of the art dolls I created for the event. These were so much fun and gave me the chance to use up all the little bits I have been hoarding for a special project. Needless to say, I went to the local hardware store and bought more wood so I can make more of these when I get back. ..
either elevations in the land
Stick around, fools!
at the magic
1 1/4- 1 1/2 t. salt
Want to know what the Detroit Free Press thought of the GOP field in the debate last night? It can be summed up in one picture that the freep ran in their editorial by Stephen Henderson: Will any candidate rescue the millennials?
Once a stranger now a child
(featured on The Martha Stewart show February 2008)
I remember thinking, "I don't think I can do this, but I have to." They opted for an insulin pump type gizmo instead of a port-a-cath for the delivery of my drugs. My skin turned gray. I got puffy from the medication. I looked in the mirror and barely recognized myself.
“Well,” says the member in the back seat, “if she was hurt badly enough from the attack, wouldn’t that have bought us more time to look? They wouldn’t risk transporting her if her injuries are bad enough, wouldn’t they?”
(b) the trade mark
¡Venimos! ¡Vimos! y ¡Conquistamos!
#6. Freedom requires responsibility or anarchy results.
2/3 cup butter (about 10 1/2 tbsp)
The opening scene of Romeo and Juliet shows young men terrorizing the streets of Verona with instantly recognizable teenage nastiness…. They remind me exactly of a group of teenagers I saw once at a football game: punching each other repeatedly drunk, farting in each other’s faces, describing an overweight girl as “more cushion for the pushin’,” totally gross. These boys didn’t just resemble Samson and Gregoy from act 1, scene 1 of Romeo and Juliet. They were identical.
Army Of Ghosts
(Just to be clear: I've been single since December, not January first.)
October 19th @ 7 p.m.
Hello, I’ve missed you quite terribly. This song is great. Check it out if you haven’t heard it before, Here (in your arms) by Hellogoodbye. Anyway while listening to this song and coincidentally pondering over the events of today, I came to the conclusion that one single word has enough influence, enough control to make or break someone’s entire day: “Hello”. The power behind this single word is immense. A simple hello from the right person could make someone’s day light up, regardless of how bad it’s already been. On the other side however, a neglect to say hello from again, the right person, could just shatter the rest of the day. I think people today specifically undervalue the word hello. I’m not saying this is true for everybody, but in movies and everywhere I see, there is always something else involved. In a world where boys talk to each other about ‘openers’ or ‘lines’ simply just to talk to a girl, Occam’s Razor can be used to great effect (thanks for this one Patrick Jane). To those unfamiliar with Occam’s Razor, it is a logic, a principle which can often be summarized as ”other things being equal, a simpler explanation is better than a more complex one.” Basically, sometimes, one doesn’t need great openers or lines to start a conversation with that pretty girl that’s caught your attention. I mean, sure they help, especially if you use a clever one, but more often than not, girls see through the facade unless you’re well versed and are extremely confident with your words. Sometimes, the best thing to do is to just say hello, put that charming smile on…..and try not to be awkward. Easy right?!
Here we are again with our second instalment in which we observe distant lands and the cultures contained within. Located approximately 220 miles west of Croydon, Plymouth is best known as a naval city similar to Portsmouth but, in football terms at least, is in a lower league to that of its coastal rival. In fact, you could apply that analogy not just to its sporting prowess, but to the actual feel of the place. You can tell how close to the sea it is by the amount of seagull droppings that can be found. The architecture resembles the modern bits of Ipswich circa 1960s and further proof, should you require it, can be found by Googling images of the city; make sure you just look at the sepia photographs as they accurately reproduce the tone of the buildings (any photographs you see in full colour are false, they've obviously used Photoshop to give the place some pizazz).
Hey kids! You wanna make a sequel that people who watched your first film will clamber for? Just use footage from your first film in it! Lots of it! MOST of it! Cram it all into the first half if you can! Yeah, Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 takes pride in the fact that, during Ricky's analysis segment with Doctor Bloom (James Newman), which consists of, say, 75-80% of the film itself, we get an outright clip show of Silent Night Deadly Night itself, right down to several scenes involving Billy's murder sequences and the murder of his and Ricky's parents (when Ricky was a baby himself, mind you), as well as scenes where there was no possible way Ricky could have even been present! It doesn't make a lick of sense, especially when you consider that it was big brother Billy whom was taking care of business.
Range: 60 ft.
The club’s scenery was just perfect for the kind of pitched battle we were going for. I deployed rangers on the left with Faramir, big block of swords and spears in the center with the standard-bearer and captain, and the Citadel archers on the right with Damrod. He had the uruk scouts on the right with the captain, another big block of swords and pikes in the center, and orc archers on the left.
So as you may have guessed this list got nothing to do with introducing you to a Russian must read classics, it’s more of my essence of all Russian classics that combines classic and entertainment in one, without torturing you through the lines of unspeakable not understandable dull lines but very important to the fortune of a literature world but absolutely unnecessary for you personally. In short - 7 books that worth reading.
Using paddle attachment on your electric mixer, beat butter, orange and lemon zest on medium speed until soft. Add brown sugar and molasses, beat just until blended. Add egg and honey, mix just to combine.
The IPKat can't help but compare this to Napster. The difference is though that eBay's business model isn't built on third party infringement. Quite the opposite - it creates bad will if consumers unwittingly purchase 'fake' goods. The whole thing's a bit of a mess though. Will this mean that US eBay will need to be blocked off to European consumers?
Corps park attendants are government bid positions. I think it pays roughly $70 to $90 a day depending on the park and the bid. The work day is 10 hours, 5 days per week, 4/1 through 7/1. 8 hours a day 7/1 through 10/1. Job responsibilities are limited to handling reservations and checking people in at the gate. The gate is closed 10 pm to 6 am. Pretty much a piece of cake.
No matter how old, everyone loves a good story and this sounds like a great opportunity to encourage kids to read some graphic albums as well as novels to me. Plus, it's a great opportunity for all the family to get involved.
It helps her feel less alone.
I was in Houston for a few days, so I had to try to find some debauchery with my good friends down there, Paige and Petty. So the three of us headed to a friend of Petty's to "pre drink". We stopped at an extremely ghetto convenience store to pick up some beer. There was, for instance, a random black and white polka dotted suit case in the corner, next to some random, off brand electronic gadgets and some porn mags. Was it for sale...? Anyway I got the variety 6 pack of Shiner again (last drinking in Texas for a long time!) because, for one thing, my girlfriend had had some of the ones I wanted to try. Also, there was a different kind of Shiner there - Shiner Spezial Leicht - I hadn't tried, so I exchanged it for the regular Shiner Bock in the 6 pack.
Thus,one day and one night passed.The second day,expecting things would be fine then,we were disappointed and frustrated the whole day.Yes,the same.Some checked out earlier to find another hostel and losses were made in that way.Andy was a bit carried away and freaked out,but no one could help it.
still want you
To Nietzsche, the noble man is an individual whose central point of reference is himself:
There are two kids in the same group in an aikido dojo. Aikido, like most Japanese martial arts, is rigorously structured. Every motion is dictated by the sensei. Practically every breath is choreographed. It is indisputably a very controlled experience. Superficially, an observer might say that both kids are having the same experience. An equal experience, if you're brave enough to use that word after my previous comments about it; but, of course, they're not having an equal experience by any stretch of the imagination. It's not even a similar experience in any meaningful sense.
It is visually competent, but no more – though Polanski shows-off to film students and cineastes by placing one wall mirror in the apartment’s living room and three in the bathroom – mirrors are difficult for directors to shoot round. But what is the point of this film other than, when it comes down to it, a self-indulgent acting exercise?
Your meat is almost prepped. For the final step before cooking, sprinkle all meat with soy sauce, on both sides. This is the only meat seasoning you need up until this point.
Show me how to love like You have loved me
Suddenly Neville was overcome by a feeling of peace. No more desperately rushing to keep up. No more frantically clinging on for dear life. Neville didn’t need the world anymore. He was free.
And somehow happiness will find you.
Parents should consider building an investment portfolio for their kids to support the college years. If you already have a savings account, you can earn interest on the real estate investments. Most parents are hesitant to be in the real estate business especially if their children are still young. But this should not be the case; set long term goals and start real estate investing now. When you’re child is already older, you will still need to establish short term goals. By starting early, you can already learn so much from the market conditions.
I started searching around on Pinterest and quickly fell in love with the Empty Wall of Frames idea. Yeah, yeah, it may sound a little weird having a wall full of empty frames, but it is PRECIOUS and modern, yet chic. Here are some links of some examples that sparked my creativity:
Hi everyone! Thanks for linking up to this week's Your Cozy Home Party!
Many attribute the prime minister’s deep convictions and flair for history to his father’s unwavering beliefs. “Benjamin Netanyahu was raised on uncompromising Zionism,” Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin told Israel Radio.
Turns out, this broom trick started up back in ’09. Wow. I am behind. But for some reason, it recently turned into a little craze. Kinda like the whole Bernie dance. That song came out a few years ago (maybe ’08 or ’09? I’m not exactly sure), but a year or so ago, people everywhere were pulling out their Bernie moves on the dance floor and posting YouTube videos of group routines. Wild.
Before the present Awami League (AL) regime, the tenure of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) regime was marked by a conspicuous increase in attacks on religious and ethnic minorities in Bangladesh. The rising tide of killings, forced conversion, arson, rape, abduction and threats was partially stemmed during the interim caretaker government. In the present AL times, the scenario for religious minorities have been relatively less violent. Unlike in the Indian Union, the minorities of Bangladesh do not have multiple political allegiances to chose from . AL with all its inadequacies ( the sordid backtracking on a clearly secular constitution and economic devastation of minorities by the Enemy/Vested property acts being the most egregious) has been nearly the sole beneficiary of the minority votes in Bangladesh. Numbering nearly 10 percent of the population, they are crucial for AL’s design of holding on to power.
I love getting the hugs and the high fives for achievements that they have made. So I thought... Maybe I should go back to school to get my teaching degree. I wish it were that easy. First I have to get my generals done (BORE) and then I got to do some more classes, then I get to do my internship or student teaching. Then I thought again, I can;t really pay for all that right now and I can't really give up the time to be a full time student with a child.
Fire of Love,
This is particularly challenging for humans to practice, for a number of reasons. Most humans are wired to want to compete and win, so we often evaluate the behaviors of others to try to find the gaps and flaws upon which we can build a foundation for assault. People judge, they compare, they assign blame, often in an effort to make themselves feel better by comparison - "at least I'm not fat", "I would never say something that stupid", or "look at how she talks to her child; I'm a much better parent than that." It doesn't matter what is inherently "good" or "bad" in a given situation, and "right" and "wrong" end up being subjective depending on the preferences of the person doing the comparison.
The Court ordered that house be transfered to the Daughter and her Husband.
She can come back.
16
Nubby likes to hang around our neighborhood and is a frequent visitor to our backyard. He (we assume he is a he) seems to enjoy nuts and mushrooms and staring at Gromit. Now, you may be asking yourself how we know it is the same squirrel who we see hanging around. Good question.
& it's only april.
North Ayrshire is the part of Scotland least well placed to recover from government cuts, according to research. West Dunbartonshire is second worst, having seen its private sector contract between 2003 and 2008. Areas where the local economy is best placed to bounce back are in the north east, where the offshore oil sector and agriculture have been more buoyant.
Some activities throughout the day:
It was a world full of black and white and the gray smudges where the rain had blended them together.
willingness
When the lights came up and we were waiting on the speeches, he passed a note over to one of them Creek twins. Reckon it were Mary, but couldn’t be sure.
The Electrick Floorbanger from Monstrous Regiment by Terry Pratchett
They were chumps.
9. I Can't Turn You Loosee 4'10
Sometimes it is just a jeans and t-shirt kind of day! I like to be comfortable :) You can add a pop of fun to a casual look through a statement necklace, or through fun details in a simple design. For example, the two tone colors to my striped top is a fun detail that makes the shirt a little more exciting, can shirts be exciting? I think so :) These elements take a casual look, and make them a bit more polished.
Jun 06 Bucharest, Romania
El Barbudo for Ending it All!
I've been dreaming of inspiration. Just dreaming. She alludes me. Drifting in and out of my subconscious. Taunting me with her whispers. I reach for her, she pulls away and laughs her sneering, demented laugh. I call out and only hear my own echo.
The lady takes my information and the model number of the oven and says she will look into it and will call me back. She calls back and says this is not something they can special order. So I tweet that we are going to HH Gregg. @twelpforce tweets me back and asks if @coral_bestbuy can help. She just tweets the same thing that was twittered at the beginning. "Check w/local store on ordering this item"
On a positive note…I can’t wait for Friday. I’m planning on getting some supplies for a new art project. I’ll probably talk more about it on my art blog, but I’m looking forward to getting some of these papers for it… I hope! :-)
Beyond being, beyond divinity, beyond goodness…beyond all…to this God–The Nameless God–I lift my prayers.
“I told you that I could handle him. I’m the only one that can bring him to you. Because I’ve known him for a long time.” She leaned forward.
BUY SOME MUSIC DAMN IT (here’s some stuff that’s floatin’ my boat or is about to!)
Tappi Tikarras 1981-1983
I also find a good cursing at clueless drivers and/or pedestrians in rapid fire English to be extremely satisfying. When I started riding I wondered for a bit if I should be cursing them in Spanish or in English, sometime honestly I opt for both or my brain doesn’t let me decide which. I came to the conclusion that English is better because you never really know who you’re dealing with (ok maybe they understand English) and it’s always safer to err on the side of caution when cursing someone in a large steel motorized device. Depending on the day though, I give less or more of a shit. Recently while crossing the street some idiot in an SUV warranted a good flipping off and I spent the next two blocks worrying that I’d pissed the bastard off and he’d come after me for getting’ fresh on the street…DON’T WORRY MOM, he didn’t.
S: Go on then; how is our get out the vote effort going?
Suzanne’s sleuthing is impressive if only because it shows the murkiness of the issue. According to Suzanne:
The Cool Sunglasses Lady
And my perfume, though sweet, will be
In his own words, “We have to look toward ensuring interoperability of those forces and routinely training together so that if we have to conduct high-end operations, we have the ability to work together from a technical perspective, and the skills to work together from a training perspective.”
Police regularly arrest householders who are deemed to have taken “disproportionate” action to protect themselves and their property from burglars or intruders. The message goes out that criminals have little to fear from “the feds”.
I just got back from the temple and oh boy was it amazing!!! I love going to the temple I wish we could go like everyday! today was like the first p-day that at the end of the day I didnt feel like I spent most of my time writing letters. Jeffery R Holland came to the devotional and talked to us about how to become better missionarys and how we should live after our missions, it was so amazing that about one out of every three guys were crying afterwards just because the spirit was so strong! today was a great day full of inspiration.
Seeing that bright yellow bush starting to bloom was exciting.
Exploiting miraculous steam
Canada Fact: It’s more important to mythologize a 200 year old war nobody won than recognize some little document called the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Top 5 Things I Love About Hollywood Farmers Market:
If you ask that's what i'll say
eco-business.com
As Gandhi revealed, non-violent protest is effective above all because it reveals how power really operates: it lays bare the violence it is willing to unleash on even the most peaceful citizens when they dare to challenge its moral legitimacy. And by doing so, it reveals the true moral bankruptcy of those who claim authority to rule us. Occupy Wall Street has demonstrated this time and time again. What the current spate of assaults shows is just how low, to what levels of utter moral degradation, such men are really willing to sink.
Later on Remnick gets to ask the man himself the same question. He writes that “Solzhenitsyn looked down at the table and thought this over awhile,” and that was something I noted he did in the documentary I watched. He would pause for the longest of times—on the first occasion I thought my TV had frozen and then he blinked—but the following has to be a most considered response:
Now the rules of the Liebster award stipulate that I need to nominate 5 others who are also deserving of this badge of honour, but in true Cranface tradition, I will completely disregard the rules of the award game and go my own way like the crazy renegade I am. Without further ado, I present The Second Totally Made Up Cranface Blog Award Extravaganza. Three awards for three different blogs, and the winners are:
“There’s a lot about this situation that’s pretty messed up, obviously,” said Dunlaw. “But we’ve got kids and they’ve got to come first. Even though we don’t agree with each other, we could at least agree on that. Making sure the children can lead normal lives was the first priority. Plus, you know, they really love Herbstreit. So that was pretty simple.”
Hugs, Paula x x x
Now, you may look at the obove and think what's all the fuss for, a bit of thread with a bobble on the end. Well, the fuss is because for several weeks I have been trying to get to grips with shuttle tatting. I am doing well with the needle but I hate to be beaten and every time I tried to tatt with a shuttle there was some little thing that I was obviously doing wrong.
At this juncture, I have to single out with utter disgust the behaviour of one opposition member of parliament. I have been observing this fellow for a while after hearing numerous complaints about his public demeanour.
I define Cotton Candy Fiction as books that are like candy for the brain–delicious, unnecessary, and a little unhealthy especially in large quantities. I’m currently reading Red Pyramid by Rick Riordan (not nearly as good as the Olymians series) and Insurgent by Veronica Roth. Both are not well written (we’re not talking Twilight bad, but nothing like Harry Potter), but the stories are extremely engrossing and I can breeze through them almost as quickly as cotton candy melts in my mouth.
Tuesday: Chicken Asparagus Casserole, Roasted Cauliflower and Red Pepper Soup
And I’m not even mentioning the financial downfall orchestrated by these Zionist Communists.
5) Home
why? why am I not good enough? why do we have to go through this? why is this not over yet? why do more things keep adding on?
The tagline for Still Standing is 'embracing life after loss and infertility.' I love that its not just surviving, or living, but embracing life. Not just learning to live again, but learning to live even better than before.
(He didn’t say if he saw P-Hil herself, but I don’t think he would have noticed her. I don’t think he cared. I know I don’t care. She’s dumb.)
Some MPs asked questions about the re-occupation in Parliament. They didn't want heroes countering their defeatism. Tam Dyell asked: “If "Mitchell had disobeyed operational and administrative orders of his senior officers during the recapture of the Crater". Mitchell himself later stated that he had been rebuked by General Tower. This was explained by Defence Minister and Bilderburger, Denis Healey:
We tried to get it on video tonight, but Emily wasn't really into showing off for the camera. Soon - very soon - I'll get it on video.
Four or five years ago, I was a member of Romance Writers of America (RWA) for a year. That year, their annual convention was in Dallas, just a day trip away. I got caught up in the excitement and the envy of author-wannabes scheduling pitch sessions with agents and editors. Oh, the battle royales that ensued over jimmying for position at those sessions. In the end I elected not to go and amid all the gushing preparations and the mushy after-glow reports I was sure I’d made the wrong decision.
Well two growing lads like these need a constant supply of food, or so they keep telling me!
Because, up until a couple years ago, Joe worked like 80 hours a week, I'm used to doing everything myself and I'm used to going with little help. However, juggling work in addition to taking care of everything, including six kids, by myself is a challenge. Joe is having a difficult time dealing with the divorce (duh, who doesn't, right?) and has chosen to stay away from the kids. Unfortunately, he hasn't spent time with them since Christmas eve, other than when he runs into three of them at school (he sometimes works at their school). He hasn't called them and in fact, has changed his phone number so the kids and I can't call him either. I think my biggest challenge right now is trying to convince the kids that their dad really does love them, but is having a hard time showing it. The more time that passes, the more difficult it is for them to believe it. It breaks my heart when my kids come home from school crying because "Dad won't come to my book meet at the library again."
Slices into Issac's neck, head goes thud onto the ground
So it has come to pass that we have had the three-way telephone conversation today with Merkel and Papademos. Monti and Merkel will also stay "in close touch" before the Eurozone meeting on Monday. Seasoned watchers may immediately notice something missing … Sarkozy. The Merkozy is no more … is it being replaced with the Merkonti?
CILIP Kate Greenaway Medal Winner 2009
Old Dominion, host of the popular annual Old Dominion Beer Festival in the summer, was founded by Bailey in 1989, and was the Washington, D.C., area's first micro-brewery.
(I wrote about this once on my now-departed other blog — there are a surprising number of BBs songs with references to hair. I may dig out that one and repost it here. Since “Almost Summer” was co-written by Love, Brian Wilson and Al Jardine, I say it belongs in the same discussion.)
In patients whose amblyopia is caused by a congenital cataract in one eye, the cloudy lens is surgically removed and replaced by an intraocular lens.
Senator Santorum, let’s begin with you.
FpU members claim they were attacked when they joined the May 1 parade in Stavanger.
Apr 8
When is your anniversary?
when nothing seemed to turn out right
Breakfast might be the most important meal of the day, but I’m rubbish about eating it. Pretty much the only thing I crave first thing in the morning is a cup of coffee; hunger doesn’t kick in until 10 o’clock or so. I might have a yogurt, or a piece of fruit, but more often than not, lunch is my first meal of the day.
Tired of this endless fight
The next major finish-it goal, and this one's going to cheer up our living room:
While there is plenty of blame to go around, it's the current crop Republicans who disappoint and disgust me the most. I'm absolutely amazed at how quickly right-wing politics have become the safe harbor for nutcases and lunatics. I don't hear the constant chatter of crazy talk from the left any more; it's all coming from the right. What happened? How, without my views significantly shifting, has the landscape changed to a place where in my world "Republican" equals Nut Job? Democrats circa 1979 = Republicans circa 2010. If you're a Republican or conservative, you might want to think about that. I haven't fundamentally changed. But you certainly have.
(Maybe they will take up residence on the old unlined landfill across the street and feed on Grasshopper Sparrows.)
2011: Albert Pujols (5th)
Why should questions about police procedures be handled solely by the so-called Independent Police Complaints Commission, which is notoriously reluctant to rule against police?
Halperin: can he stop being such an
I Could sleep meditating a la Tao,
The book is a wonderful homage to Dickens which gave me many sleepless nights when I simply couldn’t put it down. I think – I hope – the great man would enjoy it too.
Five beautiful phrases and yet contains powerful love and cleansing materials. Take responsibility that we are creating the life and the world. Put our egos aside, surrender ourselves to God and cleanse ourselves with love. Last, belief that the world and life that comes to us would be better, beautiful and cleaner than before.
I want to take a minute to thank everyone for their prayers and well-wishes this week. The pain from the diverticulitis is much, much better now. The nausea and dizziness from the meds and the clear liquid diet are still in full force. And I'm really, really not looking forward to surgery. If I told you the reason why, you'd probably roll your eyes at me. I'm not scared of the surgery itself, nor am I scared of pain. I can handle pain. It's the anesthesia. Anesthesia makes me throw up. Every. Single. Time. I beg the anesthesiologist to help me. I warn him that I'm going to vomit upon waking. He assures me that he'll load me up with anti-nausea meds and I'll be fine. Then upon waking, when I'm retching from the tips of my toes, and barfing up my spleen, he'll walk by and say, "Wow, you weren't kidding! Huh! How 'bout that? I've never seen anyone put their digestive system in reverse quite like that before." It'll go on for hours. It's horrible. If they could do the surgery with just an epidural, I'd be a happy camper.
**October Update: Though the solution did indeed turn the leaves brown, the peppers grew back thanks to a fixed fence and were bug free and even produced a few peppers! The basil which was completely bug eaten, grew back bushy and beautiful! So, I think adjustment may be necessary but it was effective!
What would you like to be the main objective of PxC to be met this year?
And now this idea came from another local pub we like, called the Brickwall Tavern. A while ago, I tried their bacon, avocado, and granny smith apple sandwich, with a lemon aioli.
Smile even though it’s breaking
- Submit your entries via inklinkz at bottom of post!
Allah says in the Qur’an, “Oh, you who believe!!! Revere Allah, and speak a straight word (i.e. speak honestly/speak the truth).”.(Noble Qur’an: Chpt.33, V.70) This means that as Muslims, we are divinely obligated, by Allah, the Lord of the Universe, to always speak honestly, never to speak crooked speech, to never lie. Then, Allah also says, “Oh, you who believe!!! If a sinner brings you news, verify. It may be that you allow harm to befall a people out of ignorance, and be regretful of what you’ve done.” (Noble Qur’an: Chpt.49, V.6) Now, unfortunately, most Muslims think that this particular verse only applies to Non-Muslims, but, it applies to all Human beings, regardless to whether one is a Muslim or not, because of the statement of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him), “All of the Children of Adam are sinners; yet, the best of the Sinners are those who seek repentance.”.(Ahmad)
About my last CT Call, I must say that I'm very happy to have my CT. I don't have lots of entries, and to tell you frankly, I only have 3 response to my call, but I'm very lucky to have this 3 talented designers. I know 3 members in a team is not a good number, but for me it is a good start and I will sure that even though there are only 3 members on my team, we can make a great team and a successful one. I also have 1 person on my Guest CT, I personally invite this person to become one of my CT but decide to be a guest instead, I've always admire this person for her talent. I will introduce my CT tomorrow, July 1, 2010, so check back on that.
I followed a path that I was told,
D. Symptoms together limit and impair everyday functioning.
I’m not sure how much information I can share. Though the former rebels always say, “It’s fine, we’re not hiding anything anyway.” Well, there are some things, which are not really my official concern.
Yep. Very low and indistinct hops, light, sweet malt, and overall crisp without an aftertaste to speak of. Very good kolsch. I wish they would keep it around, it's better than the blonde, dark, smokehouse, and a couple of others. It also doesn't have that Shiner Bock twang to it, unusual for a Shiner beer. Most of them taste like a Dark Shiner Bock, or Smoke Shiner Bock, or Blonde Shiner Bock, but this stands on its own.
Good News! Bohemia Beer purchased this painting. It was a contest that Troll hooked me up with. Usually I avoid internet contests because they are won by popular vote; and well, I ain't that popular. But this one was juried by a panel of judges, so on the day of the deadline, I looked around, found a piece of plywood, stained it and painted this piece and got it uploaded to the contest with about 4 hours to spare.
In the Turner School District (where the vacant lot is located), it’s 177.8620.
Despite devoting at least two thousand words to the failures of neo-liberal economic policy, not once does he deign to sully his flowery prose with anything so base as actual evidence that New Zealanders would be wealthier had the reforms that began in 1984 not taken place. Lest unbelievers be tempted to ask for such evidence (and so no-one is left in any doubt that he is leadership material) Cunliffe deploys a Churchill quote: “The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.” He relies on the credulity of his audience to accept unquestioned his assertion that the economic freedom New Zealanders have gained since 1984 has “mostly been an unmitigated disaster”. I suspect Churchill would consider ‘mostly unmitigated’ to be something of a terminological inexactitude, but that is by the by.
With the recent sacking of Pat Buchanan from MSNBC and now Derbyshire many will say we are moving into a zone of growing intolerance and political correctness. This is partially true, but the real reason is that the changing nature of America means it can no longer bear the strain of being honestly debated by its own mainstream media. To do this honestly and frankly, as Buchanan and Derbyshire did, emphasizes the fault lines and threatens to rip them apart.
Although there’s been much rumour and speculation about the Black Ops II setting, not much has been leaked about the game until now.
Suzi Armitage (Lab) 3597
7. Cook the spinach for three minutes over a medium heat. It wilts as it cooks, leave it to cool.
‘the the portability of the iPod and the transparency that comes from exposing an iPod screen to an observer make the otherwise private device a potential broadcaster of ones taste’.
A nice way to celebrate this transition from spring to summer is with a May basket. Traditionally it was a small basket that you filled with flowers and sweets. You placed it on a neighbor's doorstep or hung it from the doorknob with ribbon, knocked on the door or rang the doorbell, then ran away before getting caught. The person receiving the basket would try to catch the fleeing giver and, if they did, a kiss was exchanged.
This is a quick and easy breakfast sandwich for those of us that are on a heart healthy diet. I put it together with a few left overs in the refrigerator, egg beaters and one slice of bread cut in half.
Understanding employee attitudes is increasingly critical to managing retention. And while the majority of companies use monitoring tools such as onboarding interviews and exit interviews to gauge satisfaction, most organisations do not place much emphasis on assessing satisfaction in between these employment stages. Monitoring attitudes throughout the employee lifecycle will allow organisations to implement feedback into the working environment on an ongoing basis.
I've already mentioned "Breaking the Law", and where would we be without it? The vocal patterns are so pristine that they truly feel as if they've been engraved into the razor blade on the cover along with the logo and album title. The melodic lead-in guitar pattern is a thing of legend, learned by hundreds of thousands of aspiring six-stringers, and the chugging aggression of the chorus is enough to start a riot in any crowd of inebriated or even sober witnesses. Not to mention the atmosphere on the vocals, and the fact that the whole tune clocks in at around 2 and a half minutes. Concise and mother fucking immortal. "Living After Midnight" is the other giant in the room, with its party rock guitars and chorus that might just as well have been attributed to KISS or the Rolling Stones; but then you've got this 'second string' of semi-legendary tracks that have become regulars in the band's set list throughout the decades. The forceful, airy power metal staple "Rapid Fire" which has been emulated to precision in hundreds of cases; the mid-paced stadium anthem "Metal Gods" with its burly chords and laconic but hooky chorus; the dark grooves of "Grinder" and highway ready "Steeler", both of which would spawn bands using the titles as monikers (as other Priest songs had done in the past).
Well, I think that's it for now. I'll leave you with some pictures of our handsome boy!
What one question would you like us to ask your readers?
As is evident from the videos posted here of the entire evening, security, as well as Ms Ives, basically ignored the offending students. After Ms Ives fulfilled her duties with empty words she did nothing to assist student leader, Alvaro Enrique Watson, a brave young man whose organization, Temple University Students for Intellectual Freedom (TUSIF ) co-sponsored the conference with The David Horowitz Foundation
Me: " Um Hm"
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract (increase quantity to 2 tsps if omitting ground cinnamon)
It is an advertisement for a funeral home. Named, ever so cleverly, Jim’s Funeral Home.
The origin of Mountain Jam was a song by Donovan,
At Chez Michelle’s Salon and George’s Boutique
Mayall: Well, he was so disciplined, not on himself…
I love baking crackers, cornbreads, and biscuits. I also love making soups and pancakes.
He had Seven consecutive Albums reach #1 on the Billboard Album Charts.
So...we improvised!
In the time it took to clear half the distance between the old farmhouse and the grandparents' home--a mere fifty yards--I had managed to regain most of my composure and had slowed my trot to a brisk walk, though still casting furtive glances over my shoulder, ensuring my rational self that all was good, all was well in the world, and that nothing had taken up chase. Crazy thought, I know, but it was one that occurred to me and I wouldn't be surprised if it had occurred to Jane as well, despite her outward calm demeanor.
I cannot stop the hope
He said he’d throw cold water on me when it was time for me to go.
Lexicon word of the day: deleveraging.
So, i did and the results were intriguing. I couldn't believe my eyes. The mixture looked like glimmer mist! So I tried it......
Imagine my surprise when I got a confirmation email from Shimelle two days later, thanking me for signing up. Needless to say, I was confused but resigned myself to the fact that I did not actually close out the payment page, as I thought… I must have clicked “submit”. A day goes by. I look again at the confirmation email and decided to check my various payment accounts.
I have always wanted to document this journey - Brenna's story, our love for her, and our faith in God's plan for her. But I always want to be real and honest. And it wouldn't be that without chronicling the struggles and the negative emotions too.
Alice In Chains - SAP EP
Madecasse is giving one of A Year of Jubilee Readers a 3 bar (.88 oz per bar) sampler. You will Love this chocolate and never see chocolate again in the same light!! USA only please
Eminem segued into Lady GaGa.
Vanessa Hudgens looks messy through out the film. Such a pretty girl, what’s up with the heavy bangs? I don’t blame the film makers for that, but I just can’t make myself left that part out. Her as Lindy… is it just me, or there isn’t enough chemistry between the two of them?
They are more precious than gold,
The Institute is a hands-on museum that covers about every topic in science that you can imagine. My children rode (yes, it moves up and back!) on a 350-ton locomotive,
4. Kath Langrish at Seven Miles of Steel Thistles
(98 and ¾ percent guaranteed.)
Either way, Jupiter continues to exert a strong gravitational effect on the main asteroid belt today...enter the concept of "Kirkwood Gaps". Now, in the above plot from the Minor Planet Center you'll notice little order in the position of the asteroids locations at a given time.
* From his postface to the first volume of Fate/zero:
Holy fuck, I hate you so much.
Please check out IROBE written by myself and Melvin Johnson Jr.
Sizzix Alterations-Caged bird
This picture and others will be for sale at CTC come spring, as they were taken during the spring.
Video Player (MPEG4, H263, H264, MWV & DivX)
So, that I have probably caused those that didn’t need glasses to need some, I will finish with a couple of montages that I made. The first one is a picture montage of our MAKE A WISH TRIP (I know a YEAR late!!) and the 2nd one is all about Matthew!! And you will see that the first part is probably familiar because it IS! We NEVER want to forget what a miracle he is….but the 2nd part is more updated pictures of him up 6 years old. We hope you enjoy it!!
(Photo Credit: Moose, 4/19/12)
Ocholi added that the situation
Hey there, groovy art friends!
“The people have accepted the concept of 1 Malaysia and there is a new feeling of confidence in Barisan Nasional among the people,” Muhyiddin told reporters after the launch of the World Kidney Day here at Dataran Merdeka.
I hesitate to share any non-veg recipe since most of my blogger friends were pure veg :) That's y you don't see any non veg recipes now-a-days. And also i don't make them often and everytime i use to try my bookmarked recipes from other blogs n sites. I learned and tried some recipes from my dear friend Malar's Kitchen Tantra. And also we do not eat any non-veg items except chicken, but my kids n H like this Fish fry. I make it monthly once or once in two months. This time i managed to take some pictures to share it in my blog. Couldn't present you well as kids were in hurry n hungry to taste this yummy fry :) My H buy only Salmon fillets, its easy to clean and it doesn'thave any thorns...so easy to feed and my kids really love this Salmon Fillets Fry a lot. You can use this fish fry recipe to make any fish fry. Its very simple and quick except the marination time. I always prefer homemade masala i don't use store bought chilli fish fry. I add some corn flour to the masala for extra crispy and tasty fry. Now to the recipe...
“They are nice to have because they show really well and will lure buyers in,” he explains. “But when buyers are assessing pros and cons of the home or comparing it to other homes, the upkeep — or safety, in the case of the pool — will factor in. Some people just may not want to sign up for having to do landscaping or pay the landscaper. So while a swimming pool or beautiful manicured lawn might reel in potential buyers, eventually those things could turn them off. Gardening and over-the-top landscaping is for a very specific buyer.”
We serve an awesome God that gives us reason to rejoice in our trials and count it pure joy to suffer. He is a God that wants us to be at a place where we lack nothing, but we have to endure the perseverance of trials and sufferings to get to that place. I pray you will be able to find joy in your sufferings as you realise the purpose that God requires to complete His work in you, making you into something more and more beautiful each day that He can look down and be in awe at your beauty – shining like gold.
South Hampton Double White
I thought after such an atrocious lapse in posting, it was time to tell you my ridiculous excuse of a reason as to why.
Part 1 - Q and A. One heckler remained in the crowd (ignored by security) and many of the 'questions' were statements of propaganda. (Handled superbly by the speakers) Audience mic was set too low so I tweaked the audio as best I could when questions were asked.
Sounds great, does it not? What material for morality lectures and Hollywood bilge.
RAILCORP discriminated against a job applicant who had two convictions for drink-driving offences when it denied him a position as a market analyst, the Australian Human Rights Commission has found.
“Is she …?” She knows, but she won’t say it. Polite of her, I think.
I was going through my pictures for my upcoming seasonal cards and prints, and came across this one.
Meanwhile, I've pressed on into the second half of Go Home, Miss America. I think this book is the book, if you know what I mean. Even if you don't.
The time to teach, prevent and end violence is now, with your kids while they are little. Teach them that it is never okay for boys to hit girls (or for girls to hit boys, I have seen the first hand results that violence against men exists as well). Teach them that disrespectful language and put downs are a form of abuse. Teach them to not contend with anyone's disrespect. Teach them how to remove themselves from those friendships that make them uncomfortable. Really listen to them when they express concern Do not wait until they are teenagers, by then they are living too far socially out of your eye for you to know exactly what is going. Talk when they are little. Demonstrate respect in your own relationships so they have a model. Make sure they understand that there are people they know, go to school with and buy their bubble gum from who are not so lucky to live in a 'safe' environment. Make it real to them when the opportunity and questions present themselves; when they view a news report or an advertizement on the side of a bus. Make the topic as common as how to cross the street safely.
Jockeys were an interesting lot. They worked so hard to make weight. They did everything from working out, starving themselves, taking diet pills, and even using cocaine to sharpen their focus and reaction time. Cocaine addiction amongst jockeys was high. It was one of the things her father did not like about racing. He’d recently fired one of the best jockeys to come through his stable for drug use.
*bonus* it'll be hard for the groom to do too much damage if he decides to smush one on these in your mouth.
Don’t walk away, this pains me(?)
Divorce, little compassion from fellow church members, all this served to alienate me.
Movies give us a special gift. Like any art form, they can show us things that are not there. A painting can show us a freeze-frame of strange dreamscapes. A poem can expound upon it with wit and whimsy set to a playful tempo. A book can describe an impossible world and steadily reveal it as the story unfolds. The movies can show them to us all at once in full motion. When we see a fantasy film we get a vivid, vibrant taste of the impossible. When we sit down and watch a fantasy film we see the product of an army’s imagination. So many people had to get together and cooperate to create realities that are not there. There is an immense freedom in that.
It is no secret that IUSB Vision Editor Chuck Norton is no fan of Ron Paul, but when he gets it right he deserves credit just as anyone else. Representative Paul knocked the TSA question out of the park. The TSA is abusive and recently an agent raped a prominent blogger by penetrating her vulva four times, and then threatened to sue her for speaking out about it. The TSA is ineffective which has been proved time and time again by the GSA whose inspectors are able to sneak guns, bombs, and other weapons on planes in over 80% of attempts. Ron Paul is correct that it is government who set up the stage for the 9-11 hijackings by telling people not to resist and by preventing pilots from having deadly force training and guns.
"Shurrup," muttered Simone, "Someone'll stab you."
After 40 years of having sex, although it seems impossible to say we just discovered a new sexual interaction that gave me the most incredible orgasm I have ever had.
We also had 2 people come along to help out at gigs (Andy & Mick I think). We used to rehearse at a church hall in Rainham. We managed to do a few gigs here and there and got a couple of support slots at the Electric Stadium (now closed) in Chadwell Heath. We did the obligatory 4 track demo at a studio in Collier Row (I think). It all gradually fell apart although I'm not entirely sure why. I think Pete wanted to move on and I seem to remember it just went downhill from there. It was also around then that I started to lose the plot a bit and began disappearing into a haze of vodka and valium so I probably wasn't particularly easy to deal with at the time. The band must have actually been wound up as I eventually got a cheque for £35.00 after it had all finished. I did however resist the urge to move to Jersey.
Set in the further where earths resource are almost completely gone, two crew members wake up from hyper sleep with no idea of what there mission is and stuck the captain sends his lieutenant out to find answers. He should have stayed put as going into the belly of the ship awakens not only other human saviours who have learnt that staying alive means counting on them self only but also a army of zombies.
Candy by Johnny Dowd
All the cynical, curmudgeonly or irreverent things I may spew here should always be tempered by the fact that I could not be any happier about getting to spend my life with Kate.
But before that, aren't you curious what the present is? Let me reveal the surprise present: A pretty silicon mould that you can use to make cakes, jelly, chocolate and many more!!! :)
Use your imagination for just a moment. Imagine that your best friend walks up to you in your garden one Saturday and asks you to do him a favour. You have some free time, and so you agree to do it. He walks over to his car, opens the trunk, and produces a thirty-pound rock.
Jeffrey Grant Goldflam, 48, Melville, N.Y.
Butter a loaf-shaped glass dish. Put a layer of apples, half of each sugar, half of oatmeal, and half of nuts. Repeat layers. (Oatmeal is next to top layer and nuts the very last top layer.) Pour melted butter over all and bake in 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. Serves 8-10 people.
literal and metaphorical sense. Whilst I can shrug off the sweaty body
Some changes large enough to note have occurred and I thought I should at least mention them here. I no longer live in a motorhome. After the first year, I no longer used it the way I thought I would. I haven't traveled outside the corridor required to travel from Thorp to Apache Junction. The incident with the trailer scared me. The cost to repair the motorcycle and trailer, the time spent waiting for the Harley dealer in Durango to do something, took the fun out of it.
Then you’ve got your beans. Black beans, kidney beans, fava beans, garbanzo beans, pinto beans…all packing plenty of protein per serving.
EDITING SUITE
1986 Baseball Star Buttons #62
Is every you
This is the one on the car at Cookham.
One of the most interesting buildings in the town is Bridge House, a small house built over the small river called Stock Ghyll. It’s said that at one time a family with six children lived here, with just one room downstairs and one room upstairs. Later it was used as an apple store, and in 1926 it was sold to the National Trust which now looks after it.
Echoing footsteps, the roar of traffic and trains, relentlessly coming and going, provided the soundtrack for Crystal Pite’s Grace Engine. With Jim French’s stark lighting, she has created a dystopian universe set in a black void with a single neon strip of light to illuminate the chaos on stage. This dance/drama is an apocalyptic vision of man trying to cope in a hostile world. Left to crawl, hobble, and struggle against an invisible crowd, a single male dancer opened the drama. More frightened characters entered, all dressed in dull business attire, all at the mercy of forces beyond their control. They appeared to be faceless, nameless workers, toiling in a subterranean world, attacked by a row of flashing floodlights that suggested approaching subway trains. Running away from pursuers or facing off in lines approximating a gang war or crazed sporting event, they found no relief from their crippling anxiety.
“The fatty acid complexes EPA and DHA in fish oil make the red and white blood cells more flexible thus improving the microcirculation of the brain, heart and other tissues. All detoxification functions depend on optimal oxygen delivery and blood flow. EPA and DHA protect the brain from viral infections and are needed for the development of intelligence and eyesight. The most vital cell organelle for detoxification is the peroxisome. These small structures are also responsible for the specific job each cell has.
The Nakba Ceremony slated to take place on Monday is the first of its kind at the university. It was organized by student members of the Jewish–Arab Hadash Party. It will include, for example, a moment of silence and the reading of an alternative version of the Yizkor memorial prayer, ending with the words, “Remember the people of Israel, remember the people of Palestine, remember all people.” Nakba Day, or “Catastrophe Day,” is commemorated by some Arabs on May 15, the day after Israel declared its independence in 1948 according to the Gregorian calendar. Israel celebrates Independence Day according to the Hebrew calendar.
Remember Fame Academy? Well, forget the over-scripted Cowell wannabe Headmaster and remember that they let the students play instruments and showed footage of them noodling around on pianos and doing some song writing. This idea borrows a bit of that.
The one thing I have purchased for the house? Pool toys! I feel confident and qualified in my selections there. Slightly less confident in the bikini I currently have sitting in my online shopping cart, but we'll see.
I only have issues when they come into my home which is definitely NOT where they belong. I don’t mind spiders if they stay in their “home” outside. They are actually rather useful outside. They eat the aphids off my roses. They make the most beautiful webs that catch the dew in the early morning and sparkle in the rising sun. They catch mosquitoes, flies, gnats and other annoying bugs in these webs. As long as they stay outside I will happily leave them alone. If they come in my house . . . . They are DEAD!
The final touch was a little birthday banner that I made out of craft paper, thread, and bamboo skewers - similar to the ones I had made for the Superman cake and the Thanksgiving birthday cake. I tried to stick with "manly golf colors" that would go with the color of the cake, but I guess you can only get so manly when it comes to a festive birthday banner!
The first time I ever set foot in Deutschland was 1987. I went to visit my friend Eckehardt, a beautiful West German man who’d helped rescue me in China a few months before. Eckehardt was one of the kindest, most heroic people I’d ever met. Yet I couldn’t stand to be in his homeland. Everything– the linden trees, the brightly-painted medieval houses, the lively beer gardens – struck me as sinister, suspect, and unforgivably unfair.
I’m tempted to get a second opinion from another, more-senior doctor who works with the practice. The lady dentist who performed my exam was certainly cute and friendly enough, and I freely acknowledge she’d be welcome in another setting to put her hands in my mouth.
After this step, I put the sauce onto the stove in a sauce pot and add a dash of cinnamon, 1 t. finely ground oregano and 2 T. white wine. Simmer for a few minutes tasting the sauce until it tastes right. If you get it terribly hot, you could always add some more tomato sauce or if it's too mild you can add some dried chile powder.
Disclaimer: this Blog will have no specific news, but will mostly consist of random ramblings.
But while i wait for that to happen, i stick to a few things i do know so far ...
Some climate change skeptics argue that the models used to predict future rise are problematic and can’t be trusted. They argue that it’s foolish for cities and towns across the country to spend millions of dollars preparing for something that may never arrive.
The Irish word for proverbs is seanfhocail (SHAN-uck-will), which literally means "old words.” I read through several volumes of these witty gems in my quest to make the characters in my alternate Irish history tales sound more Irish. Glancing Through the Glimmer features a few. They shine in my forthcoming "Band of Roses" trilogy.
I really hesitated when I read the part about 20!!! tablespoons of butter. 20?!? Sure seemed like an awful lot of butter (Paula Deen I am not!) but I trusted Francois knew what he was doing and went ahead and did as the recipe stated.
Just me, my stash and free rein to do whatever I pleased :D
DS was comprised almost entirely of these sort of plot twists — the normal world of cheating spouses and nefarious schemes that has fueled the soaps since the Thirties on radio was nowhere in evidence on the show. It was a high-key endeavor that did require that you not miss any episodes, but also that you were willing to go with the weirdness as it cropped up.
Beltane is when the Milesians came to Ireland. They took over Ireland from the Tuatha Dé Danaan, eventually making an agreement that they would have the half of Ireland above ground and the Tuatha Dé Danaan would have the half of Ireland below ground.
A church fully awakened from Platonian stupor and no longer responsive to socialist cues would minister to the ugly and infirm more than the poor, and catch them at a very early age too, for they inflict much damage later on. The notion of life’s essential unfairness and the expression “cross to bear” are relevant, but even more so would be the Stoic idea that virtue is indifferent to the slings and arrows of fortune such as genetic inheritance (looks, health), parental advantage (family standing, wealth) or even the shadow of impending premature death. Painfully forged virtue and valor are the antidote to losing in fortune’s lottery of genetic—parental advantage, and the healthy society values them more highly than it does the winners in that lottery. Hello, Socrates; Goodbye, supermodel.
Later tonight when we talked to our expectant mom, I am humbled once again. I cannot believe this amazing young woman can stand in this between ground. Her comment of "I want placing my daughter to be the ONE thing in my life I do right." goes straight to my heart. After the call, Dave states he wants to adopt the EM too. So do I. Realizing how we are all one decision away from bad things, it is scary. Our EM is young. Scared. Too street smart for her age. And too alone. Her life story sears my heart as I take notes to put in Elliana's journal. I want her to know every tidbit of her mother that I can. I hang on to her every word. She is from Ohio...so am I. She has a strong relationship with her Grandfather who is a farmer in KY...like Dave. She loves music, art, writing, reading....ok, is this really our child??? She is quite good at charcoal drawing. She wants her daughter to always be encouraged. To be allowed to have wings to be what she wants. And she wants us to guide those wings. I have no words.
Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.
They say it takes a village to raise a child. I say it takes a village to explain a child. Does that sound weird? What I mean is, if you spent 10 minutes within the swirling vortex of entropy that is my family, you’d understand why I am the way I am to the core. First of all, we eat a shitload. All jokes aside, I’m pretty sure our overly gluttonous mantra is due to the fact that at one point, my mom’s family really was poor and starving, so now they compensate by over-eating. But this is also due to the fact that we’re all that perfect combination of “culinary showboat” and “kiss ass.” For example, my mom’s favorite soup in the world is French Onion soup. At my last job, my coworker was a very talented French chef. And thus, I asked her to teach me to make French Onion soup so that I could sneak it into our family’s Christmas dinner… even though we already had 5 other courses planned for the menu. The vast amount of traveling and even more vast amount of eating that my family has done also makes us super snobby eaters. I’ll admit, when it comes to Vietnamese or Thai food, I can never eat out, because it’ll never live up to the expectations my taste buds have come to develop after years of being spoiled by my Mama. For instance, pretty much every Vietnamese sandwich shop also makes banh bao, or steamed buns. But I’ll never, EVER buy it. Because they all suck like a 2’11″ garden gnome trying to play basketball against the Michael Jordan that is my mama. Excuse the poor photo quality of my stupid new Windows phone (#firstworldproblems); this still looks effin delicious.
It all seems over and done with once Reese and Darren find the gun used to kill Travis, but Darren decides he wants to go for the big fish and sneaks away to try taking down Andre himself. Reese heads over with an awesome “Plan B”, a long-barreled beanbag gun that comes in a duffel bag that ACTUALLY SAYS “PLAN B”! I love it.
That was six years ago and we have the best little family to show for it. And he doesn't hate me. Sometimes he finds me incredibly frustrating, but who can blame him. And now if I have to take another pregnancy test I know, they aren't always negative. Sometimes you get a plus sign, and that plus sign could mean anything. To me it ended up meaning "It's a plus that you get to be a mommy and eventually a wife."
The cast of the Sopranos has given an oral history of the show to the new Vanity Fair. Even star James Gandolfini admits the final scene, in which his family goes out to eat and the screen went dark, left him baffled
And I will get back soon with a giveaway, HOPEFULLY Part 2 of the Motherhood of the Traveling Book, and much more. Just keep reading, watching, laughing at me, whatever.
My kids have taught me a very valuable lesson. They have taught me that all anyone needs is someone to believe in them. I believe in all of my kids. And, you know what? They believe in ME.
My plan is to start a diary, perhaps use this blog if people don’t object, noting the pain; medications; feelings; appointments etc. If I do it online I shall be able to copy/paste it ready to post along with application forms. If anyone has any other ideas I shall be very grateful? Get in touch if you do! Am willing to try all feasible options!
The plot of the Krotons is practically non-existant. The Gonds are ruled over by the organic crystalline beings, the Krotons; which no one has ever seen. Their ship, the Dynatrope crash landed on the Gond's planet leaving them powerless. In order to reform themselves and take off they need to harvest mental power, unfortunately the Gonds ain't the brightest bunch. Periodically the Gonds are tested and the two brightest people are welcomed to become "Companions of the Krotons." In truth they have their mental energy drained, after which they are killed. When the TARDIS arrives the Doctor and Zoe use the Kroton's teaching machine and have sufficient mental power to substantiate the Krotons. After learning what the Krotons have been up to the Gonds rebel, but it is the Doctor who manges to destroy them and their ship by using an impure form of sulphuric acid.
Have a fabulous week :o)
The innocents so fleeced also produce a touch of comedy every now and then. When Julian Burnside complained that there were no flush toilets in the IDP camps,[9] one knew that some of these secular evangelists were living in another planet – since the vast majority of Sri Lankans prefer to wash their bottoms with water and their left hand.
However, some time during my insane whirlwind trip to Babies R Us, my little guy did something amazing. He farted twice and pooped. I know this sounds really dumb but, I have never been so relieved to hear that farting and pooping allowed him to smile, take his 5pm bottle and fall fast asleep, no pacifier needed. I got home and broke down and realized in that moment how much I really, truly love my son. I didn't care what i had to do as long as he was OK. I know to many-a moms out there, this seems like common sense and and over reaction to probably a mild case of constipation and gas but, I don't care because I have never been so scared in my life.
But I don’t believe military service is the only factor. Many of the foremost male writers in this field have no more experience than I do, but still no-one queries the credentials of Bernard Cornwell, Conn Iggulden, Robert Fabbri or Simon Scarrow – and I doubt anyone asks if they write romances. There’s something else at play here, a long-standing perception that the subject of war is somehow unsuitable for women.
If the conservatives had their way, there would be no "public option" for educating your children.
But not this roast beef. It was actually a massive steak (I think it was a sirloin) but here they roast a whole cow or something at a very low temperature for a very long time (like 50 Celsius for a whole day) and then slice off steaks and flash fry/’broil’ to order. It was unbelievable good with a salt crust. And wine, of course. I havent had roast beef in the UK since for fear of ruining the memory.
An appointment with whoever is made for another couple of weeks time
Happy Mother's Day to all you fantastic mothers! I hope you have a day filled with things you love and that you are doted on by your families. :)
On balance therefore, the absence of a caution to Mr Coulson prior to that question did not render his answer inadmissible and so, as mentioned above, a charge of perjury would be competent.
Here comes the trick follows the template set by Hall's second solo LP, Pleasure Club - a melting pot of Stones influenced rock, punk, funk and soul. Opener Permanent Solution starts (and ends) with eastern wailing, percussion and sitar, before breaking into a driving punky rocker, with a subdued midsection providing a brief respite. High Stepping alternates between white-boy funk in the verses and driving rock in the chorus, and featuring a brief but great noisescape guitar "solo". Next is the Stonesy title track, which starts with acoustic guitar and vocals, developing into a swaggering rocker. One Hand Washes the Other starts with clean guitar and vocals, developing into Hendrix influenced heavy blues rock.
Women’s Rights
Before we headed home again on Tuesday, Chatsworth was on the itinerary. Of course, we couldn't have foreseen the torrentialness (if that's not a word, it should be) of the deluge in which we took down the tent, nor the extent of our bedragglement as we trudged - in wellies, gently steaming as we dried out - around the most magnificent house in England. Given time, Daughter #1 might possibly forgive me for making her spend her summer holidays visiting the dead, but showing up at Mr Darcy's house looking like refugees from Glastonbury may take therapy. The house guides were very kind, possibly because we looked like people who weren't really used to being Indoors, and the wallpaper was lovely, but a bottle of water cost £1.50, which made me think rather more kindly about the warm, free water in Buxton. It is a truth universally acknowledged that a man in possession of a large fortune probably got it by fleecing tourists.
Wasting very little time. My powers of concentration. Trying to return the kindnesses done to me when I was beginning to write - by enthusing, and enabling others. For all its rivalries and spats, the world of writers (and more especially of children’s writers) is collegiate.
I'm just me.
Casey Clunes has subsequently featured in a total of seven Woman’s Weekly serials. She’s been promoted to DI, got herself a romantic partner, journalist Dom Talbot and become a mum to baby Findlay, while solving a caseload of crimes along the way.
Yes, yes it most certainly could have.
I'm so pumped about having them!
the chance to blog, but I wanted to tell each of you
My new housemates are great we all get on really well which makes a plesant change, LOL. We’ve done house dinners a few times and chat lots too.
Today we may do a bit of sight seeing..weather permitting.. It will be good to get out of the hotel for a bit. Looks cloudy and rainy though..
Within the tax-payer funded pages of guidance issued by police forces offering advice on everyday living, the Police Service of Northern Ireland suggests officers’ shift the pounds by taking up ‘gardening, dancing or housework’. Durham Constabulary urges staff not to ‘expect your wife to do the chores’ and reminds them to ‘make dates with your spouse’.
But Matisyahu lives more or less a rock star lifestyle, with gigs and groupies and all the rest, he’s even had a song featuring Akon – isn’t that incongruous with his faith? He doesn’t think so: he still upholds all the traditions, and draws on Judaism when he writes his lyrics. He himself has said that “Chasidism [a type of Orthodoxy] teaches that music is ‘the quill of the soul’”, expressing things that words alone cannot. He prays and meditates before his performances, although after that he listens to Jay-Z and drinks wine. In his own words, “I’ve always had these two sides of myself … My music is about bringing them together.” A recent tweet saying, “Mazel Tov my bro,” also showcases this juxtaposition.
So this morning I feel like I am lacking in the emotional capacity to be a stay at home dad. My patience is low my ability to function is at an all time low. This could all be because Jasper is pretty difficult at this state, he is not sleeping and needs a lot of attention when he is awake.
3600 McKinney Ave
But unfortunately no Adriano Zumbo, although I was so close I got a glimpse of him (well Star City anyway), across an inlet in Sydney Harbour from a wharf where I was having drinks ..... oh well, maybe he will forgive me, as I have him.
We have been slammed to the ground.
Dark Ales, Stouts and Porters
If this sounds intriguing, and you’re not an avid electronic listener, I’d recommend giving this a try—think of it as the sound of household chores, but with artistic intent.
I find it incredibly satisfying to see an organised pile of fabric on my worktable ready for sewing.
Step away from the macro button.
Here is a pic before I coloured him.
The experiment is revealed, as is The Doctor’s devious side. The Daleks are wanting to isolate the human factor, the attitudes and emotions that they believe enable humans to continually defeat The Daleks. An experiment has been developed where Victoria Waterfield must be rescued by Jamie. However, Jamie must not know he is in the experiment. Thus, The Doctor must manipulate Jamie into cooperating under his own free will, from determining to rescue Victoria, to actually succeeding. Dalek technology will monitor Jamie’s reactions, responses, and feelings, and The Doctor will isolate the important feelings for transfer into a group of Dalek mutants. It seems somewhat foolish that The Daleks would trust The Doctor with this task, but since they cannot recognize emotions other than anger and hatred, they cannot do it themselves. The scene where Jamie confronts The Doctor about betraying him and working with Maxtible is quite uncomfortable and effective. The Doctor and Jamie have never fought like this before. Jamie is being a character rather than comic relief. Despite knowing he is being manipulated, Jamie is still convinced to go along with rescuing Victoria. The Doctor understands how his companion thinks and uses that against him. It is chilling.
His legend only became stronger when, through a remarkable confluence of the Fates, Perfume actually came IN AMERICA for the premiere of Pixar’s Cars 2 after their song “Polyrhythm” was selected for the soundtrack. Now, I don’t know what kind of connections Perfume444 has, but somehow he got a pass into the VIP area, crossed paths with Perfume, and had the experience of his life when he met the three girls who meant more to him than anything in the world.
That guild, however, is not solving the problems for many people. Keeva says:
~ Johanna
... that's exactly what it has been in most of Texas this past week. Where we live, we usually do not see many tornados, so it has been shocking in a sense. There have been a couple of times our family has had to camp out in the hallway in the past few years... but a lot of Texas have been doing it on a daily basis this week. It's been ugly... but thankfully where we live the damage was very minimal. Just praying other areas can say the same.
A few weeks ago, I created this custom stencil for my clients. They live in a high-rise, 15 stories up, located on the most desirable street in midtown -- Peachtree Street. A very cool location, in a corner unit, with windows on both sides. A fantastic backdrop for cool decor!
2010.08.30 Afghanistan Helman 1 0 An Estonian solder is murdered by Taliban bombers.
My fountain pen ran out of ink in a meeting earlier today and as the ink is upstairs at my workstation I delved into my stash of sketching pens and yanked one of those out to finish what I was writing.
On Diane's recommendation I read Madam Will You Talk. Totally and thoroughly delightful. I loved it! There's much more mystery and suspense then romance and the mystery was great. There were lots of surprises and adventure. The only problem I had was how fast the perceived enemy became the love interest. I mean 'snap your fingers' fast.
Place peanut butter into the freezer until firm, about 30 minutes.
"The robbers took R250 cash (US$25), a Plasma TV, bank cards and cellphones," said Metsi.
cupcake wrappers.
If you're using the old Blogger interface, Go to your settings tab, click comments, then scroll to the bottom, enter whatever address you want for the Comment Notification Email (this one doesn't have to be the one you sign in with, either.) Then click Save Settings.
While most of the poems are about animals, the last entry, "Eating Words," uses poetry and word roots to define insetivore, carnivore, herbivore, and omnivore.
going down the steps today the lady
Pay attention to your body language using these tips to ensure you are giving the best impression during a job interview.
Clean your pillows from the dust
Worth her whole life span,
Thank you for my family.
2. overloaded on balsamic in the 90's
Well, I sure hope I have this baby before I get the urge to blog again, don't you?
--770 retail jobs
“Aw no, I got a B for English.”
He was a small child, skinny and meek. That sure didn't help the situation any.
Several tequilas later and I seem to have decided it is a good idea to demonstrate the fact that I can put my legs behind my head. Note to self this is not a good thing to do in public especially not when wearing a skirt. Classy Kate really classy – is this why I'm single?
Ondaatje, M., Coming Through Slaughter, Marion Boyars Publishing Ltd, 1979.
As far as getting the film into production, it was surprisingly easy once I found the handful of people who were committed to the project. We had a very small crew, only about five us.
I used to have a box of half used strips that was more mangled than Medusa on a bad hair day. After detaching another new strip from the pack, I’d turn around and find I had a half used one I could have used up. Now I keep similar colors/weights on a page and they don’t argue with one another.
Today is the last Music Monday before the Third Day concert! I am so excited about the concert and getting to meet the band before the concert.
This sonnet ends on the famous note of resignation, “They also serve who only stand and waite.” But Milton clearly wasn’t resigned, since he went on to write Paradise Lost, and nor was John. He didn’t stand and wait, he stood up and was counted. Although he never ceased to love poetry, and went on to publish his book on Marianne Moore, his interests turned first to the representations of blindness in literature, and then to ways in which he, and other visually impaired people, could surmount their disabilities. He was what is called an “early adopter,” one of the first to see how the new technologies that have transformed our communication and information practices could enable people like him to be leaders in their chosen fields. His work on Web Accessibility turned him into an advocate for others, and the arc of his career stretched from the formal poetry of language through the practical poetry of committed activism, and ended in the linguistic immediacy of his blog, The Leukemia Letters, which many of you here have followed with pain and anxious sympathy. I was not an “early adopter,” I came in on the second wave, and when I needed help with my first computer, John and Ted Smith were at hand to lead me into the heart of the information revolution. I remember that it was John who taught me to use a long dead system called Pine, and sent me my very first e-mail. Since my inbox currently contains 6,148 messages, this was clearly the gift that goes on giving. Perhaps we could call blogs, in the words of Marianne Moore, “imaginary gardens with real toads in them.” The Leukemia Letters, a courageous account of his long dying, celebrated the usefulness of language, as Moore thought all genuine poetry should do: she wrote:
Tear Away Process for etching Precious Metal Clay
Kenneth Branaugh boasts an impressive CV, mostly film adaptations of Shakespeare of varying quality. He’s also a capable actor, although a bit overrated. On paper, he was an interesting choice. But he makes a number of miserly mistakes. He confuses scale with meaning. The action is improperly framed. It feels rushed, and lacks any coherence or physical sense of space. It’s all so apparently digitized, shot against blue screens. Even the shots of space—didn’t we master this sort of thing decades ago?—look cheap, constructed with mouse clicks and stock footage. Even the desert and the stars look fake.
Hey everyone! Long time, no see. I was out of town for a bit, and it took me a little while to get back into the swing of things once I returned. But I am back now, and I have some projects to share.
5. Clear Your Desk Top
TUASON, J.:
my heart a bit less constricted
…which quickly is broken when it dawns on me, as the flotsam and jetsam of our breakfast piles up in the sink, that THERE IS NO GARBAGE DISPOSAL (my second shocking discovery)! What the Sam-Dickens am I going to do with the pile of garbage that is slowly accumulating in the sink? It seems quite inefficient to haul the garbage can over to the sink every time I do the dishes but I stand perplexed and paralyzed by my dilemma until my wife steps in with a solution from her past. Her family had a maid when she was growing up and she saw that the maid would place a small plastic bag by the faucet and she would drop all the detritus from the meal into that bag, like so…
Music by Kevin Macleod
We ended my trip with drinks atop The Mixx, a rooftop restaurant/bar on the 62nd floor of the hotel. We looked out over the city with its lights and contstant movement. I do hope to return there one day!
I found a piece of wood in my basement that was suitable for the sign to be, which I painted in one quick, rough coat of interior house paint I had left over. Then I created and printed out my flipped image text on regular 8.5 x 11 paper as shown in the picture below. I used Photoshop to make the text, but any word processing program will do.
Pink Champagne by Don & Dewy
Patterned Paper: October Afternoon
Dump the coconut milk into a pot, turn your heat on fairly low since you don't want to boil it really, and stir out all the lumps. Add the yogurt (and jam if you are using that option), slowly add the coco powder, and then add the sugar one teaspoon at a time, tasting to make sure it's the way you want it and not too much. Let the sugar totally dissolve, and I noticed the liquid started to thicken a bit but not much. Pour into your molds and them pop them in the freezer!
Now here are this week’s challenges which are all optional. They are just there in case they act as a prompt or help you to reflect.
Hi everyone, I know Wednesday is usually reserved for my design post, but I am being lazy as I have the flu.
Source of review copy: Publisher
But Mary’s song was not a cut and paste version of Hannah’s prayer. Mary picked up the theme of God’s ancient Covenant promises. The word translated “mercy” in verses 50 and 54 is the Greek word eleos, the word used in the Septuagint (the Greek translation of the Hebrew Old Testament – ca. 200 BC) to translate the Hebrew word HESED, which meant much more than mercy; HESED (translated “lovingkindness” in the NASB) speaks of the LORD’s loving loyalty to His Covenant people. Verse 50 is a quote from the first line of Psalm 103:17. The rest of that verse and of verse 18 speak of:
I love it more than I ever loved the stencil.
I think if you can get to a place where you can do the thinking and say the words then you are on the right track.
Are these morons in MCMC really in charge of promoting and regulating internet usage in Malaysia? Are they so daft that they do not understand that internet security is the number one concern of internet users?
Here’s the video…
6. Because of my weight, a defense mechanism that I had to create for myself was to think dieting was stupid, lame and really hard. Only wimpy bratty girls eat salads, cool fun girls eat steaks and nachos. Sometimes I still feel the internal peer pressure to eat along with my friends, I feel like I’m being rude if I’m not partaking in all the same eating habits, even if they aren’t healthy.
And, also like the Tuscan White Bean Spread, I modified the recipe. I like modifying recipes. The main change this time around was that I adapted the recipe from being made in a skillet on the stove to being made in the crockpot. I knew I was going to have a busy day today, and being able to throw everything in one vessel and not worry about it was going to be a big help.
Did I ever tell you about Great-Uncle Ronan? He was my paternal grandfather's elder brother and he was the District Commissioner for Nairobi about 100 years ago. He's our family hero and we have the leopard to prove it.
Just One Bite Volume Four will also include stories from Debra Anastasia and Melisse Aires, among others. Be sure to get your copy! *Closer to the release date, click here!*
From the time Meghan Chase steps foot into the world of Faery, it's not hard to tell that fantasy is Julie Kagawa's strong suit. I'd been wanting to start this series for over a year, and as it turns out, I'm glad I did. She wastes no time jumping into the action and adventure, leaving no way for you to guess what will happen next.
Gillard was now prime minister and the US remained busy containing the fallout from Collateral Murder when the Afghan Diaries appeared on 25 July 2010. Less than a month later, on 20 August 2010, the sex allegations in Sweden against Assange materialised. Stratfor analyst Parsley Bayless confirmed the connection when he wrote on 1 December 2010 in an internal email released by WikiLeaks:
4) Hope, that the people, you have sent the award to, will forward it to their 5 favorite bloggers.
It became popular during the Iraq war to show one’s support for the troops with yellow ribbon stickers on trunk lids and rear windows. It was, we felt, fitting to show our support for the soldiers while not tacitly endorsing what was being done in our name and on our behalf.
I'm continuing this event this year...quite literally. See, the linky I created last year I didn't end until St. Patricks Day THIS year. I didn't want to loose last year's links, but there's plenty of room for more, so I just decided to invite you all to keep adding to it!
Some of you may respond with something like, “Well, it depends on how big the author is,” or “If it’s an author from a genre I don’t read, it’s not that big of a deal.” There’s no right answer. Some of you will agree with this and others (like my wife) will likely roll her eyes and think, that’s stupid. And I respect your opinion either way. I’m just looking to get some answers. What do you think?
From the perspective of elephant welfare, this retaliatory response is startling. Sanctuary is clearly in the best interest of the three African elephants, Thika, Iringa and Toka. Unlike the zoo quarters in frigid, urban Toronto, the western U.S. sanctuary offers a more temperate climate for elephant residents who graze in the desultory peace of California’s gentle gold and green foothills. Covering hundreds of acres, these expansive, natural grounds are a place to heal arthritic joints, cracked feet, and other maladies that accumulate after years of close confinement, concrete, and psychological trauma. Sanctuary guarantees lifetime care with no threat of transfer. Elephants are able to stay in their foreign home and, barring the eventuality of death, remain with their companions for life.
The tax returns often bring in $9,500 to $10,000 each.
She has a baby den. A lovely quilt made for her by Grandma Mack, a big V pillow in case she falls backwards and a box of toys.
First, please allow me to credit multi-published author and LSFW secretary Caridad Pineiro for introducing me to WP. Several years ago, this ever-generous-and-amazingly-patient soul gave several hours of her very packed schedule to this ridiculously green newbie writer. Caridad did her best to show me how to create a site and add content that evening. I took notes but may as well have written in Polish, Slavic, Chinese or some other foreign language; I couldn’t make sense of my own notes.
5 egg whites, beaten
of rocks that begged every straggler
Sweet! Its that time of year again...tomorrow I'm headed a couple hours out west to the Brimfield Antique Show!! Brimfield is one of the largest outdoor antique shows in the world. Its held in a small town here in Ma three times a year (since 1959) with thousands of dealers attending. I'm so excited! This will be my fourth year in a row going. I'm meeting my friend Dena there in the morning (she's actually there shopping now as we speak and spending the night and hitting the show again tomorrow for a second day...my kinda girl!)
He’s gonna buy me a mockingbird
Q: I think many of people who read your mum's book wouldn't know satire if it hit them in the face. Do you feel the same?
This is why; I long to know,
The message was clear to the ancient Israelites: semen was to be used for one purpose alone – procreation.
“Casa Loma took three years and $3.5 million to build. Sir Henry Pellatt filled Casa Loma with artwork from Canada and around the world. Casa Loma stood as a monument to its creator – it surpassed any private home in North America. With soaring battlements and secret passageways, it paid homage to the castles and knights of days gone by. Sir Henry Pellatt enjoyed Casa Loma for less than ten years before financial misfortune forced him to abandon his home. Today this unique piece of Canadian history is open daily as a tourist attraction and hospitality venue.”
You'll receive over 400,000 high quality articles, each between 400 and 900 words. These cover some of the hottest subjects online...
So there you have it! A sewn garment for grown folk! I also had the wherewithall to enter this into Rae's Spring Top Sewalong at the last minute, so that oughta be fun! Hopefully people like it as much as I do!
Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure. Ability to compute percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.
Danto, with an earnestness that will almost make you blush, lovingly finds Warhol in the second, non-cynical camp. Danto loves thinking about (it is almost cheesy to say it) Warhol’s love of the democratic openness of soup and how it was the same for everybody and sustained everyone. To keep it Catholic, which Warhol was, he was “thankful for his daily bread.” Danto describes Warhol love for collaboration, the energy that he got from those in his circle “the crazies,” and his close attunement to the surface makeup of things as that which animated his discoveries. My favorite moment is Warhol’s quest for the unified aura of stockroom, that making Brillo boxes was not enough, that he wanted the whole feeling of the store, its embedded and glowing totality.
Then there is also the "Planets" song from "Blue's Clues." If the government really wanted to get information out of the "enemy combatants" at Gitmo, they should put a 2-year-old in with the prisoners, and have the toddler demand that those poor bastards sing it over and over and over and over.... They will crack after a few days. Believe me, they will crack.
as the sun illuminates His majesty.
That doesn't mean that Topps can create a card comparing Bryce Harper to Mickey Mantle.
My quarrel is not with Roy McMillan's book, which I haven't listened to - it may be well and sensitively written, and the subtitle which the author apparently employs, 'Gruesome Alert', may be genuinely intended to warn rather than to amplify. My quarrel is with the careless tone of the reviewer.
The Wicked Games of a Gentleman
Most commonly, in schools where children still pay with cash for their dinners, pupils eligible for free meals are given tickets.
In order to prevent the current spread of evil and darkness..the forces of light need to wipe out the energies of corruption and contamination. Those that have high levels of spiritual value and compassion and have chosen wisely the path they have taken, will have a better chance of survival and the more of mankind that be saved in this time of upheaval the better.
OK, so I am loving the colored denim trend more and more everyday. It was so easy for me to transition my pink denim from day to night! What have you been wearing recently? Have a fabulous day!
Although I don’t make a habit of interfering in human politics, I do feel obliged to offer words of support to Monsieur Eric Besson, the 51-year-old French industry minister who accidentally publicised a twitter message intended only for the eyes of his shapely young wife. The tweet went thus:
The scared look
Thank you God for that release. She'll never know about, but it still felt great!! I can't stop smiling.
