Script/Script Editor: *Do NOT* mess around with anything in the Script Editor unless you know what you are doing. I cannot stress that enough. The Script Editor holds the information needed to know how to run your game. To mess with it is to possibly ruin your game to the point of no return – so it’s best to hold off on Scripts until the basics have been covered!
7. LoL takes 30-45 minutes to play on average. DoW takes 10-15. Booya time savings!
Gorgeous Cosmo with three fab collections............."Salt Air", "Social Club" and "Upcycle"
"Uh-uh. A-NAL sex. Janeesha does not do animals."
I'm on a mission. This year I'm hoping to really simplify and declutter our house. I'm sick of storing stuff that we don't use or need anymore, or things that are broken. I'm tired of sifting through all the useless stuff to find the stuff we actually DO use and need. I'm tired of cluttered up spaces. I just want what we need around us and for everything to have its place so we can live efficiently and so that things can be easily tidied up at the end of the day.
I clasp hands with Ophelia’s fate.
Feel free to follow my reviews at goodreads.com/evamitnick (though I won't be reviewing any Newbery contenders in 2012).
Just fill out the rafflecopter widget below. It's that easy. Unfortunately I'm going to have to make this US only. Sorry International people, but I promise to do more international contests soon.
Now, normally I would go to the planer to get the other face of the wood smooth, but I only need my pine to be 1/2" thick. To plane from 1 1/4" down to 1/2" is not only a lot of work, but also a waste of wood, so...
A man in Des Moines calls his son in Los Angeles the day before Christmas and says, 'I hate to ruin Christmas this year, but I have to tell you that your mother and I are divorcing; forty-five years of misery is enough.'
And so Moon ran out towards the sea and there were no distractions this time!!
Thoughtsy: Boyfriend, you’re the best boyfriend ever.
Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Summer 1956 – the entire family enjoys Keillor
I really love when costumers got into character and did skits for me like the people in LOZ cosplay, and Catwoman and Canary. What you see is probably less than half of the videos/cosplays I recorded. I wish I could have fit everyone…
Either the end of the world was going to go down, or all of our precious information from bank accounts to government secrets stored in computers was going to go into oblivion. One thing was for certain. Global chaos would ensue.
504 Main, also a blog celebrity in my book- was there and one of the people I got close with- but NO PICTURE! SO SAD! Holly is an amazing person- so full of energy and kept me laughing all weekend- and she smells AWESOME.
Jackie sends out the email information once every month (and it will then also be uploaded to the blog and Ravelry). If you find out about something that you think others would be interested in please let Jackie know by (about) 20th of the previous month - jackie AT rippeth DOT org.
Or maybe I’ll get the BLT and take a long walk to work it off.
To The King William IV for a day of Brodies beers at their Bunny Basher festival.
27. FRED SPOFFORTH (AUS) Right Arm Fast-Medium (1874-88)
Leave to soak.
Owner/artist Christy Croll is a self-trained illustrator who likes simple, cute and quirky drawings with a sense of humor. Here is a little bit about herself in her own words:
-rest 1:00
Getting myself in my car was the hardest part for me. I set my GPS and off I went. I was relieved when I got out of the car, and received a big welcome from a gentleman at the door.
“Why are our legislators rushing to jump off the cliff of cyber charter schools when the best available evidence produced by independent analysts show that such schools will be unsuccessful?” asked Ed Fuller, an education researcher at Pennsylvania State University, on his blog.
It happens at the start of every November: the Scorpio Races. Riders attempt to keep hold of their water horses long enough to make it to the finish line. Some riders live.
Lydia stood in front of the desk. Jake aimed the camera at her and took a picture. However, when he pressed what looked like the display button, a different image appeared on the screen. It was not Lydia. Eleanor was standing where Lydia should have been, working at her desk.
During that summer, Mulcahy edged closer to the line of illegality and, in at least one case, crossed it. He recalls that Wilson and Terpil were selling munitions, communications equipment and highly restricted night-vision devices without preliminary clearance from the Office of Munitions Control in the State Department and the export control division in the Commerce Department. In one case, Wilson and Terpil purchased a United States Army vehicle equipped with night-surveillance equipment for shipment to Libya, in direct violation of all regulations. To avoid any possible problem, the vehicle was first sent to Canada and transshipped from there to Tripoli. The risks of such flagrant activity were high, but so were the rewards. The vehicle cost about $60,000 to purchase in the United States and was sold to the Libyan Government by Wilson and Terpil for $990,000, Federal prosecutors later learned. Similarly, Terpil and Wilson provided Qaddafi with hundreds of closely controlled and sophisticated infrared night-vision devices for M-16 rifles, which were primarily designed for use by snipers in warfare. Not all such sales went to Libya. Mulcahy says he was directly involved in the illegal sale of 2,000 rounds of ammunition to the South African Government, and he used falsified documents to label the ammunition as ”plumbing fixtures.” This and other sales, he says, were arranged through Sven K.H. Hoffelner, an Austrian arms dealer who also owns a successful group of restaurants in London. Hoffelner had established a close working relationship with Terpil by the time Mulcahy joined the operation. In July 1976, after his return from England, Mulcahy learned that only six of the 10 timing devices sent to Libya had worked. The demonstration of the devices was made in Libya by John Henry Harper, who had spent more than 20 years as a bomb and ordnance technician for the C.I.A. and who had joined American Electronic after he retired. Two of the timers had failed, Mulcahy was told, because Harper had miswired them. Libya’s reaction to the demonstration was puzzling to Mulcahy: Although nearly half the devices had failed to work, the Libyans were still willing to order 100,000 for immediate delivery. A few weeks later, Terpil returned from a visit to Libya with an increase in the order to 300,000 timers. ”I didn’t get suspicious,” Mulcahy recalls, ”until Frank came in with the order for 300,000. I knew damn good and well that there was no way there was a need for 300,000 timers – there weren’t 300,000 mines in the harbors and deserts from the Six-Day War as well as World War II.”
The appeal from Mr Kibaki came after Sudan rejected any United Nations Security Council involvement in efforts to end weeks of border clashes with South Sudan that have raised fears of a wider war.
In his harshest remarks against Anwar and Pakatan Rakyat yet, Raja Petra said the opposition pact needed to cut down on its campaign for Anwar, and that the fight for reform was beyond the political future of one man.
by mary ann blinkhorn
"I'd like to start this off by saying one thing: IF YOU DON'T LIKE GUITAR, IF YOU HAVE A FAMILY HISTORY OF CARDIAC INFIRMITY, OR IF YOU ARE IN ANY WAY OF A WEAK DISPOSITION, HIT THE BACK BUTTON RIGHT AWAY.
Doginabag -- The Fratellis
and adventure.
"In introducing his anthology The Conservative Tradition, R.J. White defensively (or perhaps smugly and archly) claims, "To put conservatism in a bottle with a label is like trying to liquify the atmosphere or give an accurate description of the beliefs of a member of the Anglican Church. The difficulty arises from the nature of the thing. For conservatism is less a political doctrine than a habit of mind, a mode of feeling, a way of living."
This year our theme is gardens and edible jewelry. I assembled them in less than 10 minutes just so you could see what they looked like. You can use whatever you have on hand (including any candy your kids have already gotten from school parties or Easter Egg Hunts or family members if your family is anything like mine).
Flash forward two years, and I had three babies and one more on the way. I also had no interest in becoming a lawyer. So I officially withdrew from the University (it was not easy to do - this particular school values their near-perfect matriculation rate and they worked hard to keep me going). But even looking past the actually schooling, I knew that 80-hour work weeks were not something I wanted. So I left that behind. However, I didn't leave behind the desire to eventually pursue a higher degree. I figured that once my girls were in school I would have more time to devote to myself and my interests.
Come back in to your body….
Finding Jesse Valdez was easy. All Kyle had to do was drive to the right part of town to find the hookers and the rent boys just waiting for their next trick. It doesn’t take Kyle long to cull Jesse from the herd. There’s something about the boy, something at once vulnerable and innocent that Kyle notices, but that disappears the instant the boy turns on the “for rent” sign and goes to work, looking for his next john.
I whipped up a batch of this simple dough that I used to make for the kids back when I was teaching preschool. You can add a few drops of flavoring extract (orange, strawberry, vanilla) to make scented dough, but my son is young and I didn't want to confuse him ("It smells like food. Why can't I eat it?"), so I left it out.
We leave the bridge and walk down to the village Mana….
I adore this shade of green. It has just enough blue and grey to make it soft and soothing. It makes me think of the beach for some reason. It isn't the color of the ocean but there is just something about it that takes me there. I love the mix of glitter in this polish, there seems to be quite a bit of blue mixed in. It's so sparkly and funky but there is a soft quality that I love (if that makes sense). =)
Once out of the oven, I debated on how to cut into my pumpkin because I thought it would totally fall apart into a gooey mess. But it actually sliced pretty easily. After dinner I was re-reading the recipe and saw Dorie suggests scooping the meat of the pumpkin into the stuffing and mixing it all together. Great idea for next time.
Larry is die-hard, bi-polar, atheist, Democrat— although he once professed to be an evangelical Christian after meeting Jimmy Carter’s sister. And for all his babbling about ‘free speech rights,’ the Democrats won’t even let you utter a word that they do not agree with. But THEY can call you Nazi, raciest, and bigot.
The timber is sanded to a very fine grit to create an almost glass like surface which is such a beautiful look.
Obama’s future is less clear. We know John Carter won’t get a sequel. Obama’s box office numbers don’t come in till November.
19. The Spencer Guideline: If an event is cancelled at the last minute, but the event shirts were already given out, you can't wear the shirt unless you actually ran the race on that day. This means you will have to run your own unsupported event, through snow storms, hurricanes, or whatever lame excuse the Race Organizers came up with for cancelling said event. If you still want to wear the shirt, you have to mark it with a sharpie, "I didn't run this lousy event, and I'm all the better for it, thank you," across the front of it.
Think about it, how cool would it be if an aspiring young musician could learn from a veteran with a lifetime’s experience of kicking out the jams? And, just as importantly, what could a veteran musician gain from playing alongside younger generations? In the same way that David Hockney has embraced the iPad, could older musicians find themselves revitalised by new music making & distribution technology ?
Jude opened the present. “Thank you, April.” He turned to her and kissed her square on the mouth.
the horizon of men’s heads. As I age
HTC possesses performed an incredible career and have absolutely accumulated substantially attractiveness with a lesser amount of time period. HTC mobile phones which might be readily available currently consist of superb appears to be, great style and design in addition to state-of-the-art capabilities. HTC hero is definitely one these products connected with HTC that contain made a great number of end users toward the item. Having awesome appears to be, the item will allow a single to help individualize the controls with these the best way of which numerous data is often collected within one particular contact label.
in transgressions and the uncircumcision of your flesh,
‘I’ve left food unfinished here before.’
Keeping them in the little plastic cups keeps them neat. The only thing I would do differently is to pipe out the whipped cream to make them prettier.
I think of Granny, trembling outside the telephone box, rigid with fear.
So....I did a little research and found these options:
It is always God’s will for me to have and live an abundant L.I.F.E. I realize I do not have to suffer through any experience to earn it, I merely have to realize it and own my POWER to live it.
When cooked long enough the meat will fall apart when you attempt to remove it from the crock - no matter - in fact, that means it's cooked to perfection!
Veray and Gabbie! I've emailed Gabbie, but Veray didn't include her email, and her goggle profile doesn't help. If anyone knows her, tell her she's won. If I don't hear from her in a week, I'll pick another winner.
anyhoozle.
I wore them until the soles tore away from the uppers.
Yovanoff shines in her second novel, and I can't wait for the third. According to her blog, it's called Paper Valentine and will be out in 2013.
This process has enabled BAM to recover many 19th-century programs and press clippings, and some very unique ephemera, such as stamps that were sold at the Sanitary Fair, a huge fundraising effort held for Union soldiers at BAM in 1864.
even with rocks under my feet
And then there was Thelma Ritter, one of my all-time favorite character actresses of the era, also.
For those unwilling to dip a toe into the social media pool, Watts isn’t sugarcoating it. “That’s suicide as far as I’m concerned,” she states.
I'm really glad that I added this to my skincare routine as it wasn't as troublesome as i thought it would be. Maybe I should thank to the non-greasy & featherlight cream lotion formula that did not scare me off at the thought of sunscreen. *shooo* to those sample sunscreens I tried previously that almost got me to give up on buying this. I do feel some slight difference after using it since June 2011, I no longer worried about my skin getting dark. Uneven skin tone still stays as they can never let me off so easily! I'm proud to say at least my skin shade is quite consistent than the previous ups & downs. Living in a tropical island like Singapore, owning a sunscreen is a must as they are the first defence product we need against aging!
The bold that created the avant-garde platformer holds up appealing able-bodied in its alteration to a handheld platform.
Style: Quadrupel (Quad)
The bottom line is: there are many reasons for supporting transition.
They didn't give me the opportunity to address the files in question (Sex Pistols shows, in case you were wondering - how very punk rock to get them taken down...), nor any further warning that the account was in danger of suspension.
“But if the Doctor died at the end of the Runaway Bride then he wouldn’t have been able to stop the Carrionites. Or the Daleks. Or The Family of Blood. Or the Weeping Angels. Or the Pyrovilles. So Earth History would have been completely knackered from at least the eruption of Vesuvius, no? Or do RTD scripted invasions carry greater potential danger than all of the above?
well heres a look at the buck
Sometimes all Dennis and I could do was to simply look over at each other and burst into laughter. She sounded so very desperate and needy.
I really dig how he can take a song and find a way to incorporate the violin into it and I especially like what he does at around the 3:30 mark of this next video, which should be more in line with traditional violin enthusiasts…
2) Resolve to say Something Important in every issue of your blog.
Or maybe it was. Here's where my memory kicks in. A week or so after John Kerry picked John Edwards as his VP, I saw Elizabeth, just Elizabeth, on C-SPAN hosting some kind of town hall-type campaign event. She seemed totally at ease with herself as she answered questions from a not always adoring audience. She came across as smart, knowledgeable, witty, and personable. What she was saying was basically mainstream liberalism, circa 2004. But she put everything in her own words, something that politicians aren't always capable of doing. She seemed to care and believe in what she was saying. In a just world, Elizabeth Edwards perhaps could have and perhaps would have run for president herself.
There is always something new to notice, on every walk. I hope you have enjoyed your brief foray with me – rabbit droppings and all – but I must leave you now. It’s high time I took my patiently waiting dogs out – for a walk in the woods.
At step 5, just sandwich the elastic in between the fabric strip and sweater and sew it in. Make sure to go back and forth over it a few times to strengthen the seam where the toggles are. It can be fussy to get the elastic sewn in initially, but with a little patience it turns out quite nicely.
The girl made a sudden decision; she began to remove pieces of the cocoon that were obstructing the butterfly. Excited, she watched as the butterfly emerged, hoping its wings would unfold. But her excitement turned into dismay as the butterfly remained unable to move.
2010
Because of all that awesomeness I'll not be posting a recipe for you guys tonight. I'll just leave you with some of the things I've been baking for the holidays. Hopefully you'll see some decorating ideas, or party treats that you can use this season!
Update: Cops just violently shoved me away as I tried to shoot this man in a stretcher being loaded into ambulance http://twitpic.com/7efa2v. The man was on oxygen, indicating serious injury. He was wheeled out of the park.
The prices really shocked me, it was a shame because there was some nice things but I couldn’t justifiy the cost.
The question is in one way a fair one, as Cameron - stupidly, and pointlessly - challenged Labour's record on 'inequality' since 1997.
He is solid and dependable. There is nothing about our Savior that is shaky. He is not a suspension bridge that sways with the winds of the world’s unpredictability. He is a concrete crossover to the calm and peaceful shore. He cannot be shaken by strife or sin because He is Holy God. He is our rock when relationships are rocky. This is a blessing. We are blessed in our refuge with Him by reassurance. He whispers lovingly, “It’s OK. I am with you. I will never leave you. You are mine. I am yours. Therefore, hold me tight and we will walk together through thick and thin.” It’s in refuge with Him that we are refreshed and rejuvenated. Go there often. He bestows blessings in refuge with Him.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko), Distress Ink scattered straw (Ranger)
Weir
I get the basic structure that we’ve all been taught:
Top 6 Compete
I almost forgot to share my news with you. Starting in June, you can find me at The Fredericksburg Trade Days. I'm so excited at the opportunity to be selling here. Hope you come out and find us here.
Can you be bothered to tell me how successful these pro sports teams have been? Just about. The Titans, who were the Houston Oilers until 1997, have won plenty of divisional titles and made the playoffs numerous times. But never won the big one. They lost to the head of the God Squad, Kurt Warner and his Rams in the 1999 Superbowl. The Predators were an NHL expansion team that came to town in 1997 and quite frankly, as is often the case with expansion teams, there were rubbish for the first few years. Made the 2nd round of the playoffs for the past two years – currently 2-0 to Phoenix and have just suspended two of their best players for staying up past their bed time the night before a crucial game. Naughty boys.
In Hollywood, fame can be found on every corner and behind any door. You just have to know where to look for it. Nineteen-year-old Madison Parker made a name for herself as best frenemy of nice-girl-next-door Jane Roberts on the hot reality show L.A. Candy. Now Madison's ready for her turn in the spotlight and she'll stop at nothing to get it. Sure, she's the star of a new show, but with backstabbing friends and suspicious family members trying to bring her down, Madison has her work cut out for her. Plus, there's a new nice girl in "reality" town—aspiring actress Carmen Price, the daughter of Hollywood royalty—and she's a lot more experienced at playing the fame game... When the camera's start rolling, whose star will shine brighter?
* Bath sets are available for boys, girls and in neutrals
NAB booth #SU8512
Had been full to the top,
Like proper teenagers, we fogged up the windows from the backseat. Then someone opened the door, and I saw Roommate, Counie and friends all standing there. I turned bright red. But there was no time to be mortified, it was four in the morning and time to go to the airport. The weekend was over.
Difficult
Another day, another tricky situation.
6And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.
I say to myself silently, king me let me parade it
Already grand mal episodes cause strife
"So tell us what you're doing now, Doug?"
*later inflated to a bit of internet weirdness by a third party altogether. Um, feel free to become a Friend of the Bermuda Couch Opera on facebook. Feel equally free not to.
The family are off to an animal sanctuary today, my hubs company are sponsoring it this year and they are having a bit of an open day. I have promised David that no little furry friends will be coming home with us, our house has enough of them for the time being.
Wickenburg – Airport is ready for conversion; total capacity unknown. Davis-Monthan AFB (Tucson) – Fully staffed and presently holding prisoners!!
Bottom: Bottlebrush from BB. She's been gifting me one of these nightly for the past week upon the return of her evening walk with PB. She's so earnest when she hands it over... this one yours, mummy.
This is I Need Coffee Flopsey. Ain't she cute!? I cut off her fuzzy slippers because I didn't figure it fit with the travel theme, but they are quite cute, too!
You see this crazed energy in the penchant for hobbies that young New Zealanders have. Many of these hobbies in some way access the slightly crazy manic person that infests so many you people. It is my humble opinion that many of the impulses that make people live every day in hopeful, forward-looking discontent, scream and honk their horn at the smallest provocation, fight ancient trauma from the schoolyard sandbox with a “productive” and upward mobile professional life and all similar social misfits could are at least slightly assuaged in the New Zealander by their energetic interests. Many of the older New Zealanders I met hitchhiking had spent multiple years travelling and working abroad, and the Kiwi I was living with had been to 36 countries (though he is only 23 and lives at the bottom of the world). I met quite successful (or at least outwardly stable) people that were also dedicated surfers and mountain bikers, or scuba divers, hobby fisherman, spearfishers, and hunters of a range of varieties. That was part of what made it so cool to meet the locals and many international students. There wasn’t as much a sense of comparing success with people as being curious about whatever esoteric interest they had. I’m losing my thread. Moving on.
100. His hobbies are singing, listening to music and sleeping.
Actually Twinings are offering a free sample of green tea on their website at the moment, it's always nice to have a little extra isn't it, you can also buy it online too :)
No, I don't think going to church is the litmus test for what being a Christ follower is all about. But I do think that a lot of people are holding out for Jesus to be their Savior at death and missing the point in life. Most aren't missing church cuz they're engaging Jesus in their days elsewhere passionately and don't need this community of faith. As I work with students and families, my goal is not to help them get ready for death. It's to challenge and join them in a better way of life that alters the hope they have both in this life and the life to come.
This tattoo is on G.I. Joe's back
We do have a couple things finally lined up to celebrate this little life. I have a 4D ultrasound scheduled for February 11th. I explained with a bit of awkwardness to the person that answered the phone that this wasn’t a typical joyous occasion. Perhaps taken a little off guard (I guess that’s not a call you get every day!), he explained all of the options available. I chose a half an hour session and opted to purchase a teddy bear with a recording of the baby’s heart beat.
The long-term primary productivity of life in the sea – the net growth of photosynthetic microbes – depends on the supernova rate, and on virtually nothing else.
I will admit right now, I am no thesis writer nor scientist. I enjoy writing, and I have written many a paper in my time, but by far my preference is fantasy, fiction and my own personal thoughts. I have some experience in technical writing, which I enjoy, but I would write a story or a blog post over that any day.
All manner of things have changed lately. I finally saw the skeleton for what he is: dead, gone, and irrelevant. And the monster is now not nearly as large as I first thought it was.
I’ve been absent for almost a year.
After she calmed down a bit, he began to drive again to avoid anyone seeing them and starting rumors beyond the ones that had already begun about the two of them.
shaped hula hoops. It was the round plastic variety and it was a craze that spread through the school. Everyone had their own hoop and we would spend hours trying to perfect our style. Some kids could keep hoops going round their necks and arms as well as their waist. I had trouble with just the one but it kept us fit!
The first few of the upgrades that the article mentioned are the ones that I liked best! Each costs less than $500 and should require less than a day’s work.
“The Euro-Arab Dialogue as a forum shared by the European Community and the League of Arab States arose out of a French initiative and was launched at the European Council in Copenhagen in December 1973, shortly after the ‘October War’ and the oil embargo. As the Europeans saw it, it was to be a forum to discuss economic affairs, whereas the Arab side saw it rather as one to discuss political affairs.
I don't know about this though. A buffalo chicken milkshake?! I like weird things but this may be a little too weird. Has anyone tried it? You are a brave soul if you have.
our thoughts influence our eyes,
My brother is a pastor of a church, and he recently wrote a book that I sincerely love. It isn’t because it is a masterpiece of wordplay. It is because in it, he chronicles the building of his church by fighting Satan in a real world setting. He talks about getting out in the real world and stealing from Satan what belongs to God. His church doesn’t put on a pious, religious front. They instead, are warriors, pillaging from Satan’s camp using every method they can think of. There aren’t great discussions on whether or not viewing Harry Potter is going to make everyone into a witch; there is a restaurant operated for the sole purpose of getting to know the people they hope to lead to the Lord. He talks about websites set up as the first taste of any church. He is fighting fire with fire.
Light rains had sprinkled the sandy track here ahead of us, crossed only by the pads of elephant feet!
For changes to take place, we must recognise where we are right now, we must get our bearings first.
Bambei 5years. Humans need to come up with an understanding of how to solve our dilemma.
I decided that it wasn’t worth buying organic milk at $6.00 a gallon if he didn’t appreciate the effort and integrity that went into each bottle. I budged on non-organic goldfish crackers, but scoped out the ingredients and made sure they were free and clear of any artificial food colorings. But, there were some things I didn’t need to budge on, because Andrew fully embraced them and fell in love with the products: Dave’s Killer Bread, Bagels from the Bagelry, Annie’s Macaroni & Cheese and organic Washington grown fuji apples from the Community Food Co-Op.
To Hera I owe all.
And they are often coated with layers of great courage and inspiration,
Though nothing can replace the concept of that drink, the Lushington ($12) rye whiskey, quince gastrique, egg white, 25yr aged balsamic vinegar also caught my eye, and our server gave it his recommendation. I thought the whiskey was a little strong, so the cocktail would best consumed with or after food, not on an empty stomach.
Total Avg: 3.40 Mugs
Interesting paper bags…
The problem that the District is experiencing today is that these units no longer work the way that they were designed to work. For instance, if the thermostat is set at 73 degrees, one room might be 80 degrees, and the room next door might be 65 degrees. These variances in temperature are very problematic.
Part 1: While cleaning Chuu’s classroom, Bossun drinks from a Coke bottle containing a potion that mixes up his feelings and expressions: he laughs when angry, cries when bored, looks cool when he’s crying and looks angry when embarrassed. Remi messes up Chuu’s antidote, so Bossun’s expression becomes frozen in anger.
So three intros down and three to go....and a little surprise I have in store for everyone that I will tell you all about this weekend :)
and fresh blackberries...
“The fact is that George Will, Charles Krauthammer, Irving Kristol, and Jeane Kirkpatrick are right in pointing out the enormous gap between President Reagan’s strong rhetoric, which is adequate, and his administration’s weak policies, which are inadequate and will ultimately fail.”
And fire mold
Not all employees are only motivated by pay, bonuses, and other benefits. There are also other people who like and need for their social needs to be met at work. They are also looking for a workplace in which regardless how much pressure they feel or how difficult the job is, they don’t get burned out or they feel like they’re not even working at all.
I'll stretch and stretch from side to side.
Trembles, as his heart despairs,”aching for this need,” he screams.
Nov 8th - Richmond, VA taught by Colleen Schaan -
I slowly pull out the card. I open it and begin to savor the sweet words.
I spent much of my time with the brigades in the pharmacy observing and filling prescriptions. Many of the patients seen during these clinics suffer from common and treatable illnesses such as colds, body pains and bacterial infections. But even if an illness is common it can cause great discomfort. The treatments distributed from the pharmacy were simple to us – a course of antibiotics or even just acetaminophen. If I need these medicines I just stop by a pharmacy, which can be easily found. But here? There aren’t stocked pharmacies in these remote communities of Honduras; instead people have to walk for hours to access medicines. The Ready Relief Box brought these everyday medicines to the people of Honduras. The Ready Relief Box is simple but it brings so much comfort to people.
Odds: 20 to 1
But, we have proof of many things therefore logical absolutes exist.
Now don’t get me wrong, I’m gonna buy it. But unless this one blows me away, Black Ops 2 will be the last Call of Duty I buy. Now I will explain why.
Paul was speaking to the fanatic Jews in Jerusalem and relating to them that at one stage in his life he was just like them. He was breathing out threatenings and slaughter. He could not point the accusing finger at his current enemy for he had been just like them less then thirty years earlier. He is now relating himself with this great audience.
I believe that the driver on this black car did the only sensible thing he could have done under these circumstances. If he had stopped at the stop sign there would have been no safe way for him to enter the traffic flow, IMHO. As a matter of fact, I have not seen a single driver, in several hours of recent observation, who has been foolish enough to make a full stop at this stop sign.
Now, I don't want to see you people all comment and tell me that I just need to work on it more, novel writing will become easier over time, don't discourage yourself now.
So if you want to add so goodness to a boring ole salad, first try the "homemade ranch" then add the avocado and your salad will become a happy salad.
Give your entire attention
Given the opportunity, in their typical denigrating of black intellect, Democrats would argue that requirements for Firefighter of the Year be lowered to give my dad a "fair" shot at it. Lowered standards would have robbed Dad of the dignity and pride of his achievement. Thank God such was not the case.
Ok, ok. I know this isn't very "Christian" of me. But let me say this - This is something that would *never* happen in real life. It feels good right now because at least I had some release of the pent up anger and injustice I feel at something (a situation) that I can do ABSOLUTELY nothing about. It doesn't matter if I did tell her any of those things IRL, because she doesn't care. Judges don't care, the system doesn't care.
And I can't believe that Sincere Salutations is leaving us. It's such a wonderful all round sentiment set. If you don't have it yet, you might want to get it on your shopping list in the next month.
Beth Orton
In the News – Defense reform bills fail to pass in parliament
Having said that, next Monday - 14th May - I'll be taking part in the First Loves Blogfest, so I'm already breaking my schedule. And also, I currently have no one lined up for any Friday posts - because I literally made this up as I wrote - so I'll be winging that until I find people to fill it up!
They come showing themselves, yes
= 2a + b + 2c + d
Thomas J. Fisher, 36, Union, N.J.
Eight years after Batman took the fall for Two Face’s crimes, a new terrorist leader, Bane overwhelms Gotham’s finest, and the Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that brands him an enemy.
Once you break free from the institution, the division of learning into subject areas and step-wise, age-based development markers loses much of its practical value. "Educational standards" are created so that institutions can measure themselves and run quality testing on their output. They don't ensure that a child gets what he needs out of his schooling. They *should* ensure that the system is working as well as it can for the needs of society. Our mission as parents is far less daunting. We have to deliver our kids to adulthood ready to take care of themselves and share this world. Homeschooling doesn't suddenly confer on us the mission of the public schools. It merely expands our opportunity for pursuing our goals as parents. I don't usually think of what we do as homeschooling, although I use the term because it's familiar to people. We're living, and learning is what happens when you're living.
More from the financial pages about the crisis at Pattison's. If you're keepng good track of the dates, you'll see how quickly it moved from being rumours to a real crisis.
The wingless fae with a wand of spun gold
What was so interesting about that is that fact that I see frequently see people do that in their own lives. That’s right, I see people that selectively choose facts about their lives and create a narrative for their life based on a limited set of events and thoughts, often excluding information that contradicts their self-story.
You see the art of building rapport and knowing what a customer REALLY wants is the key to closing more deals!
Stir in zucchini, beets and chocolate chips.
Gini Cagle & Geri Freeman
Great. Your heart stops racing so fast and you look up, realizing that you know how it feels to be the Samara from the Ring. A little goosebumps.
Getting something removed from a site is not a scientific process, even though you must be methodical about it. Ask politely, and as I noted above, you’re likely to have to ask more than once and using more than one way to communicate. You likely will have to be a rake at the gates of Hell, but one that uses words like “please” and “thank you”.
Hello, and welcome back!
Greene took hard losses early to the likes of Carl Lewis, Ato Boldon, Donovan Bailey and Bruny Surin before finally coming into his own with his own gold medal in ‘97. Bolt was regularly behind Wallace Spearmon, Xavier Carter, and Tyson Gay before coming into his own. And Gay was a regular behind Justin Gatlin, Leonard Scott, and Asafa Powell himself before coming into his own. They all shared the misfortune (or perhaps fortune) of watching others beat them. Making them more competitive – hungry to turn the tables. They all had to learn to dig down DEEP to find what it takes to win against the best, and to do it under pressure. There was no path of easy, “shut it down” victories on their paths to success. Adversity and challenge was a daily staple. And you could/can see a fierceness in their eyes at the starting line and during the race – competitors that WILL NOT be denied!
We're finishing up the cover and copy for the print edition and it should be available by mid-May. By that time, Above Reproach will be available at the iBookstore, Barnes & Noble, Sony e-Reader, Baker & Taylor, Kobo, Copia and a host of other retailers and e-tailers.
In 2010, Johnson went to Kingston, Jamaica to meet Bunny Wailer, the last surviving “Wailer” of Bob Marley’s band. I love Johnson’s description of Reggae music:
Mom once told me that her grandfather made this chair for her but she never named which grandfather. In some families that might not cause uncertainty but in my family it does: both of my mother's grandfathers were carpenters! The grandfathers in question are her maternal grandfather, Edward Jesse Bickerstaff, left, and her paternal grandfather, Henry Carl Meinzen, right.
And what a waste of time that is.
This is it: People are stupid.
8. I am terribly clumsy. I am always walking into walls and doors, tripping and falling (I do a mean face-plant), and whacking my head on things. My friends call this "pulling a Sheila".
Of course, the back of the box has a description of all the characters, as well as a Nutrition Facts section. I kind of like the idea that Gandalf can only be 35 calories, don’t you? I guess the hobbits would only have about 15-20 calories.
And rested on the neck
Uh-oh, looks like Ian has competition. Not in my opinion though, I personally would love Ian to play Christian Grey.
And we'll tell the kiddies we answered duty's call
What an amazing verse to meditate on and instill within the values for our children. (I need to put this verse up in my classroom!) I enjoyed the adorable illustrations by Natasha Kuricheva. The girls are so cute and whimsical that even I, as an adult, enjoyed looked at all the little details of each page. My 1 1/2 year old daughter loved the glittery, bumpiness of the cover and running her fingers over it again and again. I enjoyed that the there was different sized and colored font to make pieces of dialogue and text stand out.
It would thrill my nervous little heart if you felt like heading over and checking it out (and maybe commenting?). This feels pretty legit. I have a headshot and everything (and I look a little pissed, which is funny).
Happy 2012 and Happy Writing!!
While browsing online for ideas, I found out this: when goat cheese comes in contact with hot pasta it melts into a perfect sauce.
MINING FOR INFORMATION
on the wall. Against
Consider calling the National Animal Poison Control Center (1-800-548-2423; $65/call) or the Pet Poison Helpline (1-800-213-6680; $50/call) to speak directly with a veterinary poison specialist.
It’s following this idea that we find that more and more websites in this age are implementing framework that captures how users are a) using a product / service and b) find what is and isn’t working out and why? For example, shadow applications are implemented to profile and monitor public facing applications. There are many ethical and legal implications however when using a system such as this, in the way that it’s monitoring private data and the way its gathered and used needs to be in a way which doesn’t violate user rights and privacy laws.
35. How many TVs do you have in your house?
Stamps: Just Believe by Shady Tree Studio
A man in northern India has been recognized by Guinness World Records as having the world's longest ear hair.
Make no mistake, we are earnest on this issue. If the authorities lack the courage and moral fibre to confront this disgusting Muslim march of hate, we believe that the presence of our three highest-profile elected politicians in a peaceful yet highly symbolic defiance of the Muslim mob, will force the government to ban this vile march. If they do not, the PR consequences for them and public support for us will be immeasurable.
Dear Blog,
For example. I love Cassandra Clare's Mortal Instruments Books. I do. I think they're fabulous page turners and I own them all and recommend them to my friends. These books are favourites with a lot of people because they depict a gay couple and people from different ethnicities. They are set in modern day NYC, and Ms Clare makes a point of saying that her Shadowhunters don't have any racial prejudices because Shadowhunters randomly spring from all countries in the world.
The Little Red Engine saves the day and is given the name, Royal Red. Now when the two bigger engines boast and brag, the little engine, by royal decree, can tell them, "Up yours."
It seems like five years was a lifetime ago...but the pain is as strong as yesterday.
And let the sounds
Dupic had struggled so much against getting violated, that he had run short of energy. As the monk pulled in one direction, Cyberon had closed in to pull the other with his teeth. With a well-placed chomp, Cyberon ended Dupic's life, and with it ,the last of the arrows.
I even saw a “PTPTN, the big loan shark” placard hoisted under the sultry sun over the Dataran.
Lucille Howe's debut novel Bondi Blonde is due out on May 7th (today!) as an eBook, and it sounds like a great read! I have to say I love the cover as well, very bright and fresh. Also, it's got a great comment from Tilly Bagshawe, an author I already love, so that's another great reason to read it!
So empower yourself NOW by circumventing the mind-numbing plethora of mainstream gibberish — and start your own news service>>> while you still can. Begin with a title containing your own hamlet, town, region or city within your blog. e.g. — yourtownNews.wordpress.com (Click wordpress.com at the bottom-left of this page to get you started)
I wanted to hold out hope for Joseph, but as I looked at him, lying so very still on the stark hospital bed, I wasn't sure. We still didn't know what was attacking his body. He had shown some improvement after some fluids via IV, but once the drip stopped he looked wan and weak again.
Thanks for stopping by the Farm today and enjoy the rest of your week!
So what will 2011 bring? Well it brings a rather key birthday milestone in September *shakes in boots* but it also brings the possibilities of new stories as I get on with writing while waiting to hear back on 'The Stone Voice'. I am also looking forward to the challenges of a day job that is fast paced, high profile, demanding and great fun due to my fabulous colleagues.
The maps came from a place called Hunt and Gather. If you live in the Minneapolis area, this is the most terrific antique/"vintage stuff" store, and definitely worth the visit. Its quirky, always changing, and off the wall in all sorts of ways. I go there every couple of weeks and always find something that makes me smile.
Does that sound cynical? Maybe it is, but not as cynical as this exercise in lumping (together), packing (the Lords) and rigging (Parliament) in the first place.
Compared to the things on this earth, how valuable is the human life? It is measured by God the Father sending His only begotten Son into the world to give His life a ransom for all. Were you the only person on earth, Jesus Christ would still have come to pay for your sin.
JAY-Z (Special Opening Night Event) 10/15 SOLD OUT!
I've started making Crusader announcements at the top of my blog, so make sure you pop back to check here and there for any new ones. If you're holding a blogfest, let me know and I'll pop it on Rach Writes... so everyone knows about it.
1/2 pompano
Advice: Roll with the nature of the energy. Don’t fight it. Be gentle with yourself. Take naps if you are tired. Write your novel if you are too energized to sleep. Take advantage of the type of energy.
I’d say they’d be the same kind of traits you’d look for in a relationship. I read this interesting post by a psychologist that says Marriage is for Losers. What did he mean about that? Well, the most functional relationships are those where both parties are willing to lose and sacrifice themselves for the greater good.
About 90 minutes after leaving home, we arrived back at home with the back of our vehicle filled with 100 perennials ready for planting. When we pulled into our driveway, three jack rabbits were lazing in our front yard – not a good omen!
The size settings for the Charlie Bananas are very similar to other pocket diapers I have used. There is an elastic that you can adjust to get the perfect fit. My son is wearing them in the M size and they fit great.
By comparison, even the trip to get fuel took around 30 minutes. The forecourt was packed with cars and then even when I'd filled up, the car in front blocked me whilst the occupants decided to go on a shopping spree in the mini-mart.
The courthouse computer system’s mistake triggered a rare traffic jam in Auburn along Interstate 80.
We also used these rocket counting cards. With these cards, the child counts the stars and then puts a clothes pin on the correct number. The kids didn't seem to be very interested in these, so we will probably put these out until they are a bit older.
Still, getting outside to fish on the pier, or play at the beach beat being cooped up. More than once I’d gotten sick from being too cold at night because my bed was the hard, unforgiving floor and my blanket always ended up sprouting legs.
“If we went about saving the world like we go about producing fashion shows, well, lets just say New Orleans after Katrina would’ve been fucking sorted.”
For example hedgers and speculators short the crude oil market when prices rise lose money while those who are long make money.
NASA's Kepler space telescope has detected a planet, Kepler-16b, that orbits two suns. And the best news? It's a mere 200 light years from Earth! That's almost close enough to watch a venerable Jedi Master recklessly and unnecessarily endanger a small child's life in next month's Boonta Eve Classic pod race if you leave now! And have a spaceship with a functioning hyperdrive.
The impact of growing obesity levels is pushing Type 2 diabetes into an epidemic and around 60% of cardiovascular patients these days are pre-diabetic or diabetic, which is a significant increase from just 20 years ago.
Amazon is apparently also reaching out to smaller publishers, with which it hopes to retain its wholesale model. But some small publishers are already in talks with Apple, which requires that any publisher that wants to sell via the iPad "must offer the same terms to all booksellers. In other words, to do business with Apple, publishers must export Apple’s business model to all retailers."
Inevitably, there are researchers who have (arguably) taken this too far (David Mosse’s controversial ‘breach of trust’ in belatedly deciding to write an ethnography, Cultivating development, of his own DFID colleagues; Jennifer L. Pierce’s getting hired as a paralegal at law firms to carry out covert participant observation). In fact, I’ve found most interviewees supportive of critical, political research. As Gewirtz & Ozga found, the powerful understand the purpose of academic research more than most others; indeed, already two have urged me to write a book on specific aspects of Indian energy policy. Elites may be more beautiful and damned than the rest of us, but they also appreciate most the analysis of how power works.
I got to Carrie Secrist and waited for about two hours for my friends to show up. So I saw that show plenty. It is very good, it’s Matthew Brown, the plant guy (plant paintings) and Carolyn Ottmers, the plant lady (plant sculptures). I went to the website for images, but they still have the last show up of Lilliana Porter’s Work.
shoo away the clouds
Disclaimer: I do not in any way condone cheating. At the same time, this list is not intended to insight judgment. Songs inspired by strong emotion tend to be some of the best, so I felt that I would discover and rediscover a myriad of incredible songs. Obviously, I couldn’t put every good cheater song on here, but I certainly got a lot of them. Anyway, let’s get to it…
Back to stitching...have a great Friday.
Pure wonder when I ask how I could be so blessed whilst puking for the fourth time that day.
Kenny breathed deeply. “Yeah, I can too.” He turned back toward the trail opening. “We should head back.”
Leftists have many “arguments” in response to the objection that the mandate violates religious freedom. One that particularly highlights leftists’ inability to understand basic economics is the claim that the mandate will actually save money for everyone — including the insurance companies — since it is less costly to provide contraceptives than pay for all the expenses related to pregnancy and providing health care for a child (the economically enlightened response: if it was true that “free” contraceptives save money overall then the “greedy” insurance companies would already be providing free contraceptives to save themselves money, even without a government mandate). Another leftist “argument” in favor of the mandate uses an amazing twist of logic: some leftists argue that for a religious organization to decline to provide contraceptives via health insurance is tantamount to imposing its religious beliefs on its employees and is therefore a violation of its employees’ freedom of religion. In other words, by this leftist “logic” the only way to maintain religious freedom on the matter of contraceptives is for religious employers to actively pay for contraceptives for their employees! But of course this falsely assumes women are unable to acquire contraceptives on their own, with or without health insurance. The actual way to maintain religious freedom is to permit women to purchase contraceptives (which they already can) while allowing those who object to contraceptives to decline to pay for them (which, of course, is the exact opposite effect achieved by the mandate).
ahead what would or should I do different
So....Chloe took two days off work, school gave Megan 3 days off school. My girls have been wonderful, really looked after their Mum - so very proud of them both. Tasha, my eldest as been doing the shopping for me. Eric ( Hubby ) took no days off at all.
Book: The Giver by Lois Lowry
Some of my daughter's favourite books are Francesca Simon's Horrid Henry stories.
Natalie drives back to campus, where she finds Reese watching an old blaxploitation flick. Reese and Natalie hurry back to the clearing, but Damon has vanished. Reese accuses Natalie of being high, then informs her that the gas station attendant was arrested before Damon was allegedly killed. Yikes! Or, as the gas station guy would say, "Y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-ikes!"
While Jesus is faithful, Jesus’ disciples are _____________________.
I usually don't do New Year's Resolutions because it will just another thing I don't accomplish yet again. This year though I think I'm going to have a few. Dual Mom, bless her black heart, and Think Tank Momma are challenging everyone to lose weight, so I will jumping on that wagon. Well, actually I will be hooking the bandwagon with a cane to catch it and then will leisurely climb on board, but I figure falling off will still be painful.
I kept quiet about it, because I thought Brett really wouldn't be happy with me saying I wanted to refinish it AGAIN. But I really, really hate it. So I secretly wished I could paint it again and started thinking about what I should back it with.
Like so many churches, St Peter & St Paul has been altered, added to and restored over the centuries. Only the stonework either side of the door into the tower dates from when the church was first built in around AD1100. The north wall of the nave dates from the 14th century, to which was added the Polhill or Lady Chapel in the 15th century, while in the 16th century the church was enlarged by the addition of a south aisle, including the timber porch. Of the fittings and furniture, notable are the organ case and timber pulpit which are both reputed to have been brought here from Westminster Abbey. Somewhat curiously, what appear to be old leather fire buckets are lined up in a row on the lintel above the doorway into the tower.
As I told you yesterday, the workbench photo in that post was NOT an accurate representation of what my workbench looked like when I first arrived at the shop yesterday.
But, it made me completely forget that Wednesdays used to be devoted to food!
We were really happy with our food. We ordered our favorites. The zinger double down and fries, they're staples if we were to dine on KFC. We were both happy that they had the Zinger version. SPICY version daw. Though we don't find it super spicy. We can handle some more anghang! (Sinakto lang siguro nila para hindi masyado maanghang for most customers.) Also, would like to commend the Double Down paper holder (whatever that may be called) lol! It certainly added comfort on holding our DD's. Fries as always, superb. We love KFC Fries the most, among our local fastfoods. Mas patatas! I personally don't like starchy fries. I like the potato taste on my fries. I also like mine dipped in gravy. Not ketchup. Though sometimes it can suffice. :D
Catching you up...
With that, Munin ended the call.
our children asleep in their beds, each fate
I have a very sore eye due to a large scratch which extends from the outer corner up across my iris and I have antibiotic cream to apply 4 times a day.
Sketch Challenge 350 Card:
‘When you get to be my age, you’ll understand.’
I remember being called a fag when I was in junior high school; it stung and hurt then. Now the “F” word evokes in me only contempt for the user viz. a sign of low intelligence and/or immaturity. Miss Manners implores proper gentlemen do not return rudeness with rudeness. This is called ‘shaming them’ or ‘not stooping’ or ‘setting a good example’ – poor weapons I know. Whenever I am called a faggot, I try to channel my inner Gregory Peck from “To Kill a Mockingbird”; he humiliated Mr. White Trash by NOT hitting him after he spat in his face. What a scene. What balls.
We’re all busy gearing up for Easter and that means coloring eggs, filling baskets and planning family dinners – there’s nothing better! It’s one of those times each year when we take a step back and give thanks for the blessings in our lives.
whirling and gurgling down the drain;
Physicality: Body Image, Sexuality and Relationship Issues
When I had the fall parent/teacher conference with GJ's teacher (who I really like now, by the way), she told me that they're learning about communities and cities and government--just the basic stuff. But how they're doing it is she had the class found their city by naming it and drawing up a city charter that they all signed. This city, named M&M City (how 'bout that product placement, Mars, Inc.?!), was founded to be a place that's "fun for kids with lots of playgrounds and free candy and swimming pools." Now, for the past week, the teacher has been explaining what the different positions in city government are and encouraging the kids to run for office if any of the positions interest them and if they think they've got what it takes to be the Mayor, Mayor Pro Tem, judge, etc. of M&M City. So The Geej decided she wanted to be on the City Council. She had to write a speech and then give her speech before the electorate, and she also had to make a campaign sign. Elections are today. I'll let you know how it goes.
Before I get on with my Ten, there is one thing I want to say. And this is directed at the women like me. The women who have gone through the humiliation of betrayal, the hurt of being left. The anger of watching your kids cry. And those who have experienced the pain, the physical and emotional pain of trying to stay afloat when your ex not only stops loving you, but stops helping you raise your babies. You amazing, strong ladies out there, who are reading this on ancient laptops, or library computers, or while you're on your lunch break at work, eating your can of Progresso soup or your hard boiled egg and drinking water not only because it's good for you but because it's FREE. Ladies? My friends? My comrades? HANG IN THERE. Do not ever, ever give up. Don't you ever stop fighting for what's right. Don't you ever stop advocating for your kids. And don't you ever, ever get to the point where you look up at the heavens, tears streaming down your cheeks, and say out loud, "Well, I guess he's just going to get away with it."
This meant that as soon as we’d chosen a shoe that we liked, we’d need to inquire the assistant to fetch us the other half with the pair within the right size, therefore enabling us to attempt them on and examine that they had been to our liking and had been also comfy to put on.
#4 DOING RESISTANCE AND CARDIO TRAINING GETS YOU FASTER RESULTS. Proven fact. Whether it's a pump class and a step class or a gym session and a run, doing both is the key!
Here's the questions I answered and the list of words.
What are your thoughts?
“A book on astrophysics, it’s very enlightening.”
1 self-perpetuating
A few hours later, after dinner, I was dismayed to find that the damp garage actually softened the plaster cast! And some of the layers were coming apart! Squeezing some glue in between the layers, I let the cast sit an hour longer, but luck was not a lady tonight! The glue had not started drying at all. So I brought it into the warm house and let it dry overnight. Guess what? The glue was still almost liquid and the cast still not very stiff. Arrgghh!
I pledge to investigate and share my experience and understanding of conscious creation and new age/spirituality topics in an effort to help myself and others live better and more fulfilling lives.
I decided that I wanted to mark this remarkable evening with a painting about quantum physics – which somehow, ‘captured’ the insanity of a rather loud and amusing evening. It is also, I suppose, a small poke at ‘Abstractionism’.
Mac ‘n Cheesers are always looking for new ways to challenge themselves and to make new connections. Suggestions for how to meet people (professionally, socially, romantically) that are perhaps a bit off the beaten-path (not online dating, not traditional networking events, etc.)?
The joy receded, and the creature went back satiated, but hungrier still than it had ever been. There was no denying it now, no suppressing the urge that had been woven into her very being. Three-Twelve was built to destroy, that much had always been clear, but she was also made to create.
The U.S. Marine Corps’ Black Sea Rotational Force posted on its Facebook account (and to date nowhere else) that its six-month rotation for this year will “build enduring partnerships with 19 nations throughout Eastern Europe.” More accurately, as the Marine program formed two years ago identifies as its mission, in “the Black Sea, Balkan and Caucasus regions.”
This nasty, insulting platitude comes from two different but related misconceptions.
Sometimes it seems so hard to be a parent- especially of a 12 year old on the threshold of being a teenager- maybe just months away from green hair, a nose ring, and going off by herself to “The Village.
to their dark, underground cities —
523140 Commodity contracts brokers
He also told us a bit about Charles Darwin’s academic life. Did you know he first studied to become a doctor and then studied theology? He graduated from Cambridge with a Bachelor of the Arts degree, without honors. His father told him, “You care for nothing but shooting, dogs, and rat-catching, and you will be a disgrace to yourself and all your family.” That one sentence gave me a world of hope. Do you know how many of the most influential scientists have been failures in academia? Einstein, Newton, Sternberg, Socrates, Edison… and now Darwin. I’m not saying I’m a failure in academia, but it’s really reassuring to hear this news.
But, I sure am enjoying the rainbow.
Challenge 19: September 9
Of doves in a silver-feathered sleep
SARAH: Oh my God! Yes! YES
It’s the love for a childless land that kept a farmer alive.
Beginning to realize that the vaccinations were the problem, Ms X’s instincts told her to not allow Emma to have any further vaccinations. However, as we all know, doctors can be extremely persuasive and when you are alone and frightened and needing to trust doctors with your child’s life, it is easy to believe what they are telling you. Sadly against Ms X’s better judgment Emma was given the flu vaccine and she immediately became much worse.
Bugger off! Hit the snooze.
‘This is a good time mummy? What makes it so?’
Kameel, the driver, in white starched shirt and long pinky nail
In response to L.L. Barkat’s recent Facebook prompt to cut words from a magazine and weave them into a poem, I took my frustrations out with a scissor on a piece of Medicare correspondence. I assure you, this makes more sense than the letter in its original form and the telephone conversation about it combined.
This week we have an awesome & fitting challenge
(Note: Depending on where we end up living after The Big Move, I'm going to see if we have enough money to get these two to do our next house. That is, if they have time between all their other Manhattan commissions...)
This day again, that person had attempted the role of a nuisance, once again to my friends and I was sure they got disappointed (although I was a bit dense to grab the whole situation that time), especially my other friend who got terribly irked by it. I know he had this habit of keeping quiet when something has immensely pissed him off. At first I was also riding on the prank, along with my other friend, but as he got awfully quiet (like with black aura above his hair), she tried to stop right there, so on, I also kept quiet, but the antagonist kept babbling. The moment he seemed throttled, it was confirmed that he just couldn’t take her orders by heart.
"Of course you can. One letter at a..."
The bread was good. It was a dense hearty bread that complimented dinner great and then the leftovers went great with eggs the next morning. I am hesitant to say it was a favorite though as it was just missing something. Reinhart's intro nailed it for me as he talked about how whole-grain bread bakers are challenged to attain a "crumb network that opens up both flavor and texture". That is what was missing from my bread. The crumb texture was just too tense and dry. The flavor was good but that's to my palate. I'm intrigued at how I could improve it. So, perhaps my hesitancy with this bread is not the formula but simply the bread baker's skill (that's me!) at making this bread. Another thing to ponder is the ingredients..... the whole wheat flour I used was simply from the bulk section. Perhaps I should try becoming a bit of a flour snob and search out some premium flour and give the bread a try again just to see.
Then there is the tub. THE tub. The tub I will soon be able to SHOWER in. Blessed be to the god of tubs. The tile for the tub comes in Monday. Oh yes.....tile....gleaming white subway tile...with just a hint of a squiggle edge.
“He’s here at least once a month.
This paper examines the relationship between stock returns
Further, the value of gold itself will rise, with its renewed value and will further depress the value of the US Dollar, forcing the American government to print more and absorb a greater inflation rate.
Oskar Blues Grill & Brewery Cherry Russian Imperial Stout
I hadn't decided exactly which stamps I was going to use. Both plates Plate 1389 and 1390 are chock full of fantastic steampunk critturs, several of which are aquatic. I picked out the ocean animals and laid them around until I found four that I felt framed the ship the best.
I am blessed in so many ways, for having people who love me with ferocity and no conditions. And I love them right back even more. And now, I get to write my good friend a sweet, thoughtful and fun letter. We’ll catch up and I will tell him how much I missed him and how much he means to me.
McLaren have proven to be Red Bulls nearest competitor for most of the season. While not quite having the same raw pace as the RB7, the MP4-26 is as fast on race day and arguably can be easier on its tyres. Having started with two bold concepts the “U” shapes sidepods and the mysterious “Octopus” exhaust, the design had to be compromised to ditch the complex exhaust and revert to a Red Bull style outer blown diffuser. Leaving McLaren with a large amount of space under the gearbox, that was supposed to package the exhaust. This left the car with a higher rear CofG without the benefits of the exhaust to offset it. So it’s been remarkable that McLaren have been able to morph the initial concept into a race winning, Red Bull baiting package.
VL = Very Late
I made both of these below but decided on the heart shaped tins because they are easier to pour because of the pointed tip.
I started this nonsense what seems like many moons ago because I disagreed with what was and remains the consensus within the beer blogs and beer writing in general that I had been consuming. Namely that mainstream beers were of a poor quality and the people that consumed them were undiscerning mugs and most significantly that the prices of such products were way too cheap and needed to be increased to save the health of the nation, reduce anti social behaviour, save pubs or simply because those proposing such measures didn’t like the products they hoped would be affected. I thus decided to start my own account of buying a cheap box of lager, enjoying it more than I in all honesty expected to do, and not behaving in any manner troublesome to you other than I wasn’t sat in a pub whilst I drank my lager.
Chocolate Chocoalte Chip Cookies
Ty groaned then sealed their mouths. This time their kiss held more than desperate passion. The slow melding of their tongues and lips mesmerized her.
The Gathering Storm ( a BBC production about Churchill) (dir. Richard Loncraine, 2002)
It is my idea of weekend bliss!
I'm curious: Do you have friends of the opposite sex? Is one of you secretly attracted to the other? Or is it completely, totally, cross-your-heart-and-hope-to-die platonic? If you have a romantic partner, does he or she mind?
Historical Insight:
Sometimes she’d ask me to slow in front of a particular building or corner and would sit staring into the darkness, saying nothing.
The buildup portion should be gradual, with peak speed for only a few minutes.
I have heard it from missionaries.
Some of the dialogue e.g. Dennis Thatcher's. He came across as a cartoon character, as did a lot of Maggie's cabinet.
Crystal Brawl!
let alone possible
my Daddy's wife.
The sure-fire ingredients for a great Charles Bronson actioner, right? Not really. “Breakout” is a confused, muddled mess despite good performances by Bronson and Quaid.
It doesn't make me angry either way, but in researching I see it does still annoy others to no end, to this day, to even hear a different point of view, and there are some who cannot help but politicize every thing they see. It can be blatantly by commission or more subtly by omission. Everyone is not like that; it's only a small minority, but they are noticeable when it comes to putting out information.
Alas, tomorrow the work week begins after two weeks off. I'll miss having so much time with my family.
Secondly, during this recession people are drinking more and smoking more than they were before. Tobacco and alcohol stocks are skyrocketing since Labour did us all in. That wouldn't happen if sales weren't booming. Look!
I rang her up and explained I wanted to look smart, but not officy smart, more trendy and keeping to the latest fashion but pieces for my wardrobe that would last me a season and what I could mix and match, throw on really quickly without thinking and look at least a little presentable! I gave her my measurements and also told her I loved Fearne Cotton's style so that was the brief!
For this project, I cut 5 layers of paper, using a doll dress SVG file, inked the edges, added a ribbon and bow, a little Star Dust Stickles, stamped a sentiment and adhered it all together.
They may have been fashionable glamorous people, but their work focused on the life of the mind. Through their correspondence, parties and meetings they rebranded the idea of sociability to embrace women's right to education and enlarged the boundaries of what women could think, write, and do. And thus the term ‘Bluestocking’ came to refer to the informal quality of the gatherings and the emphasis on conversation over fashion.
he has to cook with charcoal,
Give A Hoot cart- pg.35 Accent/Apple 3 3/4"
But some cared very much and called the city. The city then sent out code enforcement.
Interestingly, ginsenosides improve more than energy. A study conducted at the Mayo Clinic reported that people with Cancer who took this powerful antioxidant reported less fatigue and improvement in “mental, physical, spiritual and emotional well-being.” They also reported that they were more “satisfied” with the general course of their treatment – whatever treatment group they were in. Truly, these are powerful antioxidants.
In some regions of the world, venturing out of doors while infected with a communicable disease, say the common cold, carries the same social taboo as leaving one’s house naked here in North America. We receive notices several times during the school year reminding us to frequently wash our hands and to keep our children at home if they are ill. Not only do common illnesses impact productivity, they can actually kill certain people. Any woman who has ever been pregnant will know how quickly one’s stomach turns into a curdled ball of fear when a letter arrives home with Junior informing us that there has been a reported case of Fifth’s Disease at the school.
Today was a bummer as I missed Ashtiani by Golnaz Ashtiani, and Triarchy due to class. However the shows I did attend were pretty amazing. Last post I did a cliffsnote version for each designer well today its going to be a 1-2 sentence an annotated summary as I must reserve my finger muscles for an unwritten paper due tomorrow.
Back soon with more fun and mischief
We don't want to see an aging actress in a love scene. Well, unless she is Sybil Shepard with attitude. Or Merly Streep. I adore Merly Streep. She can age as much as she wants and still be charming and attractive. So, never mind. Maybe it's not a matter of age but a matter of attitude.
I rode roller coasters at Universal Studios last year. I never gave it a second thought that I wouldn’t fit. My only thought about it at all was to think, “Wow, it’s so cool I don’t HAVE to wonder if I’ll fit or not!”
I've often been confounded at the seemingly random (and archaic) hours that retailers stay open for business on Sunday here in the UK. Only in the Southern part of the US (where clearly, one must go to church before doing anything productive during the day, and return to church in the evening...) where I grew up have I ever experienced such a brevity of 'open for business' which typically meant noon to 6pm.
“What about that sleeveless shirt with the ruffles? And the black pants. That looked good, right?”
Haven't you found yourself at times REPEATING the same sin and having done it shake your head and say, "Now why did I do that? I know it was wrong!" And didn't you hope that the person you sinned against would give you a second, third, fourth,....seventh chance? Then, Jesus would say, give them the grace you would want extended towards you!
No, his mother sums up this ideal girl in verse 10.
Thanks for joining us today Keziah!
However I’m always angered by the script-writer’s apparent anti-book scenes and sniping about readers and reading.. There’s a kind of recurring sub-text that suggests “how stupid is it for anyone to spend time reading” and often adds a bitter note to the programmes
They both claim to be in love for 5years.
There are iconic terms within the Bible which are used to describe the wholeness of the Christian life. Offering biblical definition to Faith, Hope, and Love can provide the believer with the essential elements which make up the foundation of living a life pleasing to God. But these terms are not fully understood by all believers.
MFB, as you can't judge a book by...
10) It helps me be in the present and really see and appreciate my kids and my family, and how precious our time is together. And really, if there weren’t any other benefit at all, that would be enough.
Mr. Dahl: "I love you too- so much. But no crying!"
The nearer Christmas gets, with every heartfelt, uplifting Christmas movie I watch, with all the Christmas decorations glow and hues of color I delight, with every single morsel of Christmas candy, food and drink I consume, and with the perfumed scent of Christmas spice and cool weather delightfully experienced— that Ebenezer Scrooge soul changes into that wonderfully feeling, we call—
I’m quite confused as to how this is not a more widely understood basic rule, but as it never fails, you are always there to help me grasp the concept of vapidity. I propose this question to you, Overwhelmingly Abundant Yet Remarkable Idiots, how close is too close when standing behind me in a line??? If you have not been briefed, please allow me to illuminate you, Dumbass.
The film operates in a cheap, cinematic shorthand. Two attractive people spend five minutes together? Of course they’d fall in love. Sneaky brother finds out he’s adopted? Of course he’d turn evil. The film doesn’t want to do the necessary work of character development. It would rather shoot the camera through generic footage of stars. The characters don’t feel real. They don’t seem to eat, breathe, dream of naked harems or palaces of earthly delights.
1 frown
Paul Logue (NIEA Archaeologist) added “Heritage is an important part of who we all are and where we come from. It is also an increasingly important part of the economy, attracting tourists from within our island and from abroad. We hope that this agreement will both safeguard heritage and allow us to help the construction and quarrying industries provide much needed investment and employment”.
What doesn’t work on Father’s Day?
You truly are my inspiration ~
And bide time
6. Maintenance - Growth and Development
The other great thing about Gifts of Hope is that each gift represents a contribution to a specific project – so if you give $53 to send a child to school for a month, this will actually happen! There are other more general gifts which might be ‘representative’ of similar needs, but most of the gifts are quite specific, so you know exactly what you are giving to.
The scenes of kids fumbling their way as they learn to make a movie are familiar to writer-director J.J. Abrams. He did the same thing as a teenager, years before he created the TV hits Alias and Lost as well as the recent feature film of Star Trek.
So this morning I shall be alone. I shall not run at the track with friend B - Z from group A. I shall go to the gym. Later today I will hang out with friend A from group B and friend A from group Q. But this morning, I think it's time for this introvert to hang out with...friend Silence.
creative outlet.
A bit of a difficult choice to play with, but I think Ive covered them all, there is a bit of the light blue in her wings if you look a bit closer you can see it. Ive used "Rosie" from Funky Kits and stamped her onto white card before using my copic pens to colour her, the Nestabilitie Die No.1 is what I used to cut her out and a larger one for the mount. The sentiment is yet another from my stash and has also been mounted on a piece of pink card.
09 Ida Red
It is an exciting time for cooking lager enthusiasts. Xmas always brings out the bargains. Tesco currently have the 3 boxes for £20 offer on. Top stuff for Xmas. Becks, Carling, Carlsberg all feature. Remember cooking lager enthusiasts, I think we are not only stocking up for Xmas, but next year also. VAT is due to rise and whether stores absorb that rise and cut margin or pass it on will no doubt depend on trading conditions. Best be safe than sorry. Fill the garage with enough lout to last till summer.
17. It is extremely heartening that by now few lightworkers are jolted by ominous-sounding information in Internet articles or messages from off-planet dark entities or dire reports in mainstream media. Yet, some lightworkers, like so many people who aren’t, dive headlong into fear until the newest prediction or claim is proven baseless. In previous messages we have specified scores of those kinds of deliberate disinformation or doomsday scenarios, so we won’t repeat those, but we shall assure you that all recent scary-sounding situations, such as heavier saber-rattling about Iran, potential radiation from an explosion in Japan and Al Qaida’s plans for terrorism, will come to naught.
“We’re not going to cut you off. You’re not going to end up like the Soviet Union, where you have a general who is now suddenly being forced to drive a taxi in London.
DEBORAH RANEY's first novel, A Vow to Cherish, inspired the World Wide Pictures film of the same title. Her books have since won the RITA Award, ACFW Carol Award, HOLT Medallion, National Readers' Choice Award, Silver Angel, and have twice been Christy Award finalists. After All, third in her Hanover Falls Novels series will release next spring from Howard/Simon & Schuster. Deb and her husband, Ken Raney, enjoy small-town life in Kansas. Their four children are grown now and having snowflake parties with their own children––and they all live much too far away. Visit Deb on the web at www.deborahraney.com.
Khurasani turban
-”Yes relative 2 I am still short, no don’t suppose it will change now that I’m forty, yes it’s a shame”;
The Vans Triple Crown of Surfing consists of three men’s and three women’s professional surfing events that are the final stop on the 2010 Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) World Tour. In its 28th year, the Vans Triple Crown is considered the most prestigious title in surfing next to the ASP World Title.
All you do is fill me up with doubt.
On November 22nd after the first big seasonal rains, we pondered the look of the south side garden and decided that 2010s project would be some raised gravel paths to improve drainage and make the garden walkable in all weather.
Tomorrow I may delve into some 'hypothetical situations' strictly for 'entertainment purposes only' We need to be thinking now about what we may do in the future so we won't get blindsided down the road.
and the typeface was large. But it covered all the basic elements and got the job done.
Slice or separate chevre into 24 portions.
Looking to victory.
and the head of it is surrounded by glory, a rain halo.
Kids are so much more likely to try those sugar snap peas, the tender new asparagus, or radishes if they learn a bit about them, shop with you at the Farmer’s Market, take them home and help prepare them and then try them together!
an imaginary number. I eyeballed
The RAC man said that a poor repair job to the cooling system and a major oil leak, coupled with the disconnection of the oil and temperature lights, had ‘cooked the head’ (whatever that means). A tow to the garage later, with promises that it would all be sorted, a courtesy car whilst a replacement car for me could be sought, and satisfaction guaranteed.
2012
11. You And I - Rick James / 3:53
Dershowitz has it exactly right. Like another good friend of the Obama Administration, George Soros, she was a Jew totally estranged from her ethnicity who was an unapologetic collaborator with the Nazis.
This recipe is a mashup of the Chez Panisse Fruit recipe for banana waffles and the Waffle of Insane Greatness (WIG) recipe. I make plain WIGs often, and they are delicious, but the bananas take them to a whole different place. A Christmas-morning place, if you will. Sandwiched between two layers of batter, the banana slices melt down into the waffle’s fluffy interior. The batter is not too sweet, so the bananas are a nice contrast to the thin, crisp exterior. The original Chez Panisse recipe had excellent flavor, but the batter was a bit thick and difficult to layer over the bananas without over-filling my waffle iron. It also did not produce waffles as crispy as the WIG. Next time, I am going to try making these with a buckwheat pancake/waffle mix that I usually have on hand. But don’t tell anyone! My chief weapon is surprise. Surprise and buckwheat. Surprise and buckwheat and bananas. There are three weapons. I’ll come in again.
That call never came in.
After spending some quality time at irs.gov, I was still confused, but a call to the IRS got me a reasonable wait time and all my questions answered by a friendly and informative agent. My only complaint is that if they’re going to put me on hold for 15 minutes, they need more than one thirty-second song loop. At least it was so forgettable that it’s not stuck in my head.
The first paragraph (12:23-27) is probably referring to the Egyptians, primarily, as much of the preceding two chapters is providing a walk-through of Israelite history from the critical perspective of God’s wisdom. In particular, these verses are calling out the foolishness of their idol-worshiping religion, especially how they blame their gods for not protecting them from the True God’s punishments. The last verse there is especially interesting, mentioning God as one whom they “refused to know.” This I recognized to be in the same vein as Romans 1, and how the passage went on from there only confirmed my suspicions.
So what we can do is look deeply within ourselves, know that we are all in this together and nothing that happens, happens in a vacuum outside of us. Internally, we all come from the same place, we are all looking for a way back to that place, and we will all return to that place. Cause we are already there, we just don’t know it yet. There is no searching, there is only surrendering, accepting, opening and allowing.
Hello Dear Blogging Friends,
But then again, I used to kind of feel the same way - like the 2-3-74 stuff must be fake or BS simply because it did not fit with my materialist world view. Yay for me for evolving! Wag of the Finger to Gibson, who should be bigger than all this.
House of Love Christine UK
2. Lynyrd Skynyrd – Freebird
Language inconsistencies: I do at least one editing pass to make sure each character's speech pattern is consistent. This is especially important when doing accents, expressions, and gender-specific dialog.
Trailer has my fishing gear, backpack, excess gear I brought without thinking, extra clothes I’ll try to pawn off to the group or ship home, extra shelter, first aid, the kitchen, and computer.
"All right, then, I'll go to hell" - and tore it up.
As far as I can remember, the last time I read any Shakespeare was in high school. And to be honest, I only remember reading two of his plays – Romeo and Juliet and Hamlet, so my favorite of those two would have to be Romeo and Juliet … although I remember more lines from Hamlet than I do from Romeo and Juliet.
We were also asked to talk about our personal lives. On the one hand, I was moved to discover that a young man in the warehouse lived in a family of drug addicts and loved his job because he wanted to make something of himself, but I could also see how uncomfortable he felt.
Boot ROM Version: MM51.0077.B10
So, after hours of sorting through the bins and auditioning different fabrics, I found 2 sets that would work. Choosing the thread for the fins didn’t take as long. I decided on a bright pink for one set and, of course, I had a darker pink and a lighter pink but not the shade I wanted. So I embroidered the fins with the darker shade and then changed the bobbin and top thread to the lighter shade and embroidered over the first colour, leaving a lot of it to show through. The overall effect is now the right shade.
or the free-ranging male guineas would have stolen all his lunch money.
We are understandably chuffed to receive such a kind nomination from two top bloggers. I love their blogs, so it’s extra special that they like what is going on in the Beach House Kitchen.
With the advent of the self-publishable ebook format, and Print On Demand, the supply produced by writers has far outstripped the demand of Traditional Publishers.
The events in Shows painting, frosted in muted tones of color dissolving into ice and black, are played at a low key. In fact when an event occurs, usually denoted by a Morris Louis bleed in the middle of the canvas, we imagine hearing maybe a few cracks in ice, the drift of snow into a cave or nook. The world washes away, mountains slide into rift valleys. After, it seems that the only sound is that of the freezing, which is silent enough to notice. Think of those videos of avalanches, sounding more like a dangerous murmur rather than a spectacular explosion.
Verses 7-19 shows us how we can be tempted in the workplace… Joseph stood righteously in an evil situation. He said… “I cannot sin against God” (v. 9) Many Christians are never promoted because of of their sins in the workplace… lying… cheating… stealing… laziness… immorality…
My layout
According to The Herald newspaper a senior ANC spokesperson "almost immediately" distanced the party from the inflammatory call, and appealed for political maturity and restraint from party leaders.
The Chicago Bears have not been know to make stellar first round picks. Rather they are known for their sleeper picks that they have come upon recently. With this years draft just around the corner I will take a look at some notable first round picks the Bears have had.
I wanted to write posts about the girls, and here is the first.
Still later, the universe decided to teach me a few lessons about patience when I found myself upstairs in my painting clothes at ten p.m., numbly applying second coats of white paint to window and door trim, my taskmaster cracking a bull whip over my shoulder and shouting things like, “You’ve got a drip! Catch it, catch it!” and “Sand with the grain! With the grain, I say!!!”*
Nestled in the Blue Ridge Mountains, a KOA campground is located just one mile from the venue. CARNAVALITO attendees are encouraged to stay for the weekend and receive a 10% discount on tent and RV camping with the code PB. All sites come equipped with water and electricity. View the map and reserve camping spaces online through koa.com/campgrounds/asheville-east.
Back to prayer – it seems fairly clear that God actually does want us to ask him for things:
Ahem. Anywhoo...
Here were some highlights:
Over the last few months I have had the opportunity to enjoy traditional Polish foods brought to me by a new friend. Ola knows I enjoy food and she has graced me with the opportunity to enjoy handmade pierogies, rustic European breads and a cold summer soup (a borscht of sorts) filled with beets, fennel and loads of other mild fresh vegetables. I am honored, honored that she wants to share her food and culture with me. I have really enjoyed the opportunity.
I can’t write blurbs either. To me, blurbs are written for people who will never read the book because the language, the feel, and the intention changes wholly between the blurb and the actual text. But Mein Herr is fantastic with marketing and has scribbled for us a temporary blurb. So, without further ado:
It's hard enough making sense of the number of records James Brown put out under his own name, let alone the number of records he "produced".
Bath time is actually ‘The Mother’s’ favourite time! We don’t bath you every night, every second day, but regardless, it is HIS favourite time and he looks forward to it all the time!
Okay. Just for the record, I have never sprayed Lt Wyatt during a use of force.
Also, he is heart-throbbin’ hunky.
Please just bear with me for another week or so and i shall be back on track asap !
On the 20th of the month – we will highlight a few of the entries that really catch our eye and we will share those here on the WMS blog. We will also select and announce our winner of the FREE stamp set of choice, by a random drawing from those participating in the Blog Party.
for you’re asking in His Name
21-50 Voluntarily killed in ceremonial sacrifice
I spent an evening with Peter recently, and he kept pulling out rare and unknown Soul 45s while we discussed the various artists on the small Chicago labels of Onederful and Mar - V- Lus. He recorded the songs he played onto a cdr; here are a few of what we listened to:
jobs- I hope they find new work quickly.
the sky and loosing adder tongues
Writing that last sentence out makes me feel even worse, like it’s even more real now. Lol geesh.
I may have to wait to post blogs for when I am in Cortez. I had no problems with my cell phone or internet in that town.
Using Kaywa's Free QR Code generator or the Firefox plug in Mobile Barcoder (which lets you right click on a link) type in a website name and generate the code. Start with your school or class website. If you have your reader on a mobile device, you can take a picture of the code on your screen and test it there.
I didn't want this book to be a dry collection of financial facts. I mean, come on - you know me. Can you imagine me writing something like that? So we took a unique approach - the book is a conversation, and I decided to make it real and explain my own financial situation and how I was going to overcome it. This tack has really made an impact on our readers - check out this awesome article in The Daily Herald, and over on the right-hand sidebar, you'll see a list of our reviews. Everyone has really resonated with the way we laid out our finances and made real, solid changes in our lives. I think what's possibly the most exciting is the blog we set up on the Million Dollar Diva website, where I'm posting updates about our progress. It's all totally real, warts and all.
She was all we ever wanted.
Right wing tory ideaology referes to people with disabilities as simply lying, Skiving, unscrupilous, lazy & workshy . And therefore deserve a good kicking. Well guess what Davey boy we are going to give you a bloody good kicking during a summer of protest & discontent. By allowing ATOS to become sponsors, you have allowed both the olympics and paralympics to become legitamate targets for civil unrest.
Tom quickly pressed the accept button, “John! I…” he was cut off before he could explain anything, everything.
Before she knew it they were at the end of the street. Matt slowed the bike and put his feet down to stop.
I thought this was a great start to this episode. I always like the makeover episodes. I missed not having a weigh-in, but I know it wasn’t possible with the time constraints. So I look forward to next week when they’re all going to work out with Mrs. Obama and we’ll actually get a weigh-in. Just don’t forget that we have Buddy with a one pound advantage and Conda with a one pound penalty. What did you think of this episode? What did you think of the makeovers? I’ve given my TwoCents, now I want to read yours. So please leave your comments below and come back next week for more!
The increase in the payment of Cola will involve an additional expenditure of RM600 million this year or RM1.2 billion annually.
Wouldn't it be nice if they were just magically created in our homes? The reality is that most table tops become drop zones... *le sigh*.
Puerto Chacabuco – very small town, we got a taxi and rode to a waterfall, looked at a cool pedestrian bridge, played in the river…
This week I have been able to stay up late and watch movies and tv shows that I have missed....no more DVR :(... I have been reading books and gone shopping with Maya...thank goodness for Old Navy and their 50% of clearance prices!
“Okay, well, hey, wait a sec,” he said. He ran over and got a pint of chocolate milk out of the cooler, and handed it to me along with two Twix bars. “One for the road, okay buddy?” I smiled, and thanked him. Tony was an all right guy.
I observed after that piece that the outbursts of Joe Wilson, Kanye West, and Serena Williams spurred a thousand columns, blog posts, and web comments observing that America seems angrier, ruder, more intemperate today. Before then, it was the town hall meetings and tea parties. Our media elites look at it all and lament the return of “paranoia.”
Our weather has been good, but our winds are lightening up some. Hopefully, Neptune appreciated the rum and will give the wind a boost for us. We figure we need to make more than 130 miles a day so that we can be in Hawaii by Thanksgiving. Better get moving!
Sacrifice: To dispose of something, regardless of value.
But even after all these years, I still sometimes feel foreign. I love Thanksgiving — family, friends, gratitude, pumpkin pie — but am left cold by the insane commercialism of Black Friday. (Although Canada, and others, has instead the commercial insanity of Boxing Day sales, which have nothing to do with sports.)
Parents are invited and encouraged to attend the UIL Concert and Sight Reading Contest at Rockwall Heath High School. It is free and the performances should be awesome. You are also welcome to attend the sight reading contest. We have been working very hard on our contest programs and we are very excited about playing for you and our judges.
The first appearance of Hitler in Cole's work was in Silver Streak #2 (July, 1941), in "The Claw Double Crosses Hitler." In this story, Hitler has a two-panel appearance and is almost an object of sympathy, as absolutely evil Claw forces him into a pact:
While the Spirit’s work at Immanuel is particularly exciting, I don’t think it’s unusual. I could name many GRTS graduates who are TGC members who are capably leading their churches to cherish Jesus as both Savior and Lord. These theologically conservative leaders agree with the criticism that the gospel must transform how we live now. They just don’t think it describes them.
I also had the opportunity to be out in public places frequently, which ALWAYS led to good stories.
So don’t be too surprised that the Aylesbury counter-demonstration ‘organiser’, Steve Bell, is trying to get a number of ‘faith groups’ on his side – or on the side of the far-left UAF/SWP – for the upcoming demo. He has managed to hoodwink a number of local religious groups. Perhaps after he has used the demo to further radicalise counter-demonstrators he’ll calm down a bit and hold a prayer meeting for the new great faith – Inter Faith.
"No, we cannot stop at 10. Do you think you deserve for me to stop at 10?"
Boil water for rice. Cook rice according to directions.
I mentioned these to DJ yesterday and have been hounded ever since. I was too lazy to go to the grocery store and had Devil’s Food cake mix in my cupboard. So… here you go! These turned out to be delicious so I don’t regret my laziness. God works in mysterious ways.
Stephen Gostkowski - Total Field Goals Made 1.5 - Over: -105
Every valley, eventually will bring our doom
Bach & Beyond Baroque Music Festival – 4:00 p.m. - Fredonia Opera House
My husband doesn't drink (anymore) especially with medications now, but if your significant other is getting drunk to numb the pain and memories he's having trouble with, it may be hard to get him to ease up without acknoleding the problem of PTSD first. One thing I've learned is you cannot force someone with PTSD to talk to you...it doesn't work and they just shut down. Your best bet is to point out the troubling things you notice, and emphasize how YOU are worried/concerned/etc or how it is affecting YOU. Telling him he needs help will only start an argument, been there done that. Also, if he's acting like a total shit (being verbally abusive or otherwise...calling names etc) let him know you won't tolerate that behavior and leave if you have to. The biggest problem for people with PTSD is communication. They feel like everything anyone does is a personal attack on them... even if all you did was ask how his day was. They systematically have to re-learn how to communicate effectively. My DH went a week straight with chest pains due to anxiety and never told me... until he had to be taken to the ER and finally called me.
Finally, Emory Eastside had a vacancy. Now it was just a matter of getting me there.
The archbishop was not making that point. He wanted to make the point that the government and opposition are failing us. Apparently they focus too much on the news cycle. And other institutions and corporations "need a reality check" - that is where the attack on the miners and banks came in.
While classes were going on, the teachers relaxed in the Teachers Room. We ate, drank, and were quite merry indeed, enjoying the day off and celebrating ourselves. The day ended with quite the buzz and of course, a Teachers Day concert! Ukraine sure does know how to celebrate it's teachers!
“Mom! Mom, it’s me, Jeffery.” I couldn’t help it, I started crying again. “Mom, you need to come get me. Dave left, and I don’t know where he went, and he hasn’t come back, and it’s getting dark and I don’t know what to do.”
"Then the wings," she said.
“You don’t have to do this, you can have this baby, “ said the protester as she shuffled next to the escorts.
This trip around the world is probably three years in the making. I just finished binding it this morning and it will belong to Abby.
This is my first experience in translating a compilation of short stories by the most famous sci-fi/fantasy writers out there. There are 18 short stories by:
Frank and John tackle US President Barack Obama's announced withdrawl of troops from the Afghan field this week. The military action in Libya shows how truly worthless NATO is without the United States at the helm. Frank says 10 years is not long enough to fight Mohammadeans.
I love these feathers so much! When I look at them I imagine being embraced by them and any worries being taken away from me. I also imagine feelings of comfort, warmth and safety. I chose to use hymn pages because this is how I imagine Angels wings to look. What better choice than paper written with songs for God, made into angel feathers? Of course you can make these feathers out of music sheets, book pages, dictionary pages, or any other kind of paper that would suit you or your creation best.
Hmmm…I wonder what other gestures are the same, but mean completely different things.
She's tiny. same height as Samson but maybe only 9 pounds. We've been feeding her double the food to get her weight up some. We are 99% positive she was physically abused at her first home. She runs away when you raise your voice even if it isn't at her, we fully believe in smacking when you're caught in the act of doing something wrong and she yelps and pees everywhere before you can even get to her. So we don't smack her anymore we just sternly yell.
...Goes to Jail for Stealing a Donut from a Cop CDr Self-Released
What a better way to celebrate than to share some sneak peeks from this month's May Release which features the cutest baby stamps - all of which are available this Thursday, May 5th!!!
Forty years on, I still love the denouement: “She wants to be flowers – but they keep making her owls”. That and the fact that when finally that simple truth is recognised, the malevolence that hangs over the story is dispelled, giving way to peace and harmony.
As a child of about six or seven at the time, I had read all about them in various books and magazines with unbounded fascination, and implored my parents to take me to see these wonderful dogs that could sing. When I reached their enclosure, one of them was at that very moment entertaining an enraptured audience with a thrilling rendition in falsetto fortissimo, so I eagerly thrust my way through the throng to obtain a closer view — a little too close for comfort, as it turned out.
As it is, restaurants need as much reason to raise prices as North Korea needs to launch a missile. But the rental market is heating up, and landlords are basically sharks with legs. As surrounding rents go up, they’ll try to match it, which prompts F&B tenants to skyrocket prices.
And finally, here's the manicure I chose to wear for my birthday, and it's the Pupa polish I just showed you.
Somebody tell Ken Burns: There is a compelling story of music, strife and harmony waiting to be told— the history of the banjo! Wait a sec, you say, didn’t Béla Fleck just do that in his recently released documentary Throw Down Your Heart? Well, yes, Fleck did explore the instrument’s African roots in that heartwarming venture, but a fuller exploration of the banjo’s evolution in America is still waiting to be done.
Title- Bad Teacher (2011)
1/2 cup pf cilantro leaves.
I'll talk tomatoes today as that's the only main crop that's in the ground just yet. The greenhouse is FULL of future salsa, pizza sauce and pasta sauce and I'm checking those plants several times/day to make sure they are settling into their new home nicely. It's much warmer (and more humid) in the greenhouse than in house and all seems well so far...
I'm sore. Every cell in my body has been stressed this week. It's going to be weird to give it all a break. But I've earned it.
“The man who adopts the historical viewpoint would be justified in regarding the traditional conception of archetypes and repetitions as an aberrant reidentification of history (that is, of ‘freedom’ and ‘novelty’) with nature (in which everything repeats itself).”
Running has been slow going. Work changed locations, meaning my morning routine went all higgly-jiggly, and now at 6AM it's night time outside instead of being a lovely rosy color. I just can't get up and go outside in the dark. It feels like bootcamp torture and I won't do it. This means I need to get my butt into gear after work. Immediately after work, otherwise I end up gluing myself to the couch. This has been my dilemma. Last week I kicked things off with a hard core 2 hours ass kicking walk which left me REALLY sore in my hips for about 3 days. My aim is to run 4/7 days to start. One day in the middle of the week + Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I feel like this will narrow my chance of failure. I'm taking a new approach on distance. Instead of working my way up to 6 miles, I'm going to chart a course that is 6 miles from the beginning. I won't be able to run the entire thing, but I will be moving for 6 miles and then 6 miles won't be so daunting anymore.
Yesterday morning she didn't come bouncing and barking and jumping at my side of the bed at 5:30, she just came and sat there looking at me. Very unusual! Then she started doing the breathing thing, but not quite as drastic and didn't eat right away, although she stayed close to her bowl! It only lasted about 5 min. and then she was eating and seemed fine. That evening we were out in the yard walking around and she started doing the gasping type breathing and it quickly escalated and I called the vet and they said take her to the emergency animal hospital. Thank goodness it is about 1 mile from us! They put her in an oxygen cage with pure oxygen. Her tongue and gums were turning purplish. It didn't help at all. The vet did an x-ray and gave us the bad news. Her heart was enlarged, the chest cavity was full of fluid and so were her lungs. He said when they get to this point there is nothing he can do. Her tongue and gums were getting blue. So we asked him to hurry and put her to sleep. It was excruciating watching her gasping for breath like that. We loved up on her while they got the shot ready and I kept telling her I loved her and she is such a good girl and she was wagging her tail right up to the end!
7. Traveled to Wisconsin and celebrated Halloween with my son and daughter-in-law. We also went to a rock shop, and visited the Audubon Society nature preserve where he works.
I realized that there is a glimmer of beauty unique to each individual being—a beauty that shines brighter than any star. People are beautiful both inside and out, which I fully endorse and believe, but there are also qualities that tend to accentuate that to the highest of degrees.
It was one of the managers. She use to be mine, actually, maybe three or four bosses ago.
RING FEVER - THERE IS NO CURE!! A FEVER GROWS IN BROOKLYN Brooklyn Wrestling Fans Infected With Ring Fever! (BROOKLYN, NEW YORK) - Over 15 years old, Ring Fever has gone from an idea to the most popular show on the web and one of the most visited sites on the Internet. After airing weekly wrestling segments on Hole In The Wall, a Brooklyn cable show that has been on BCAT since 1995, Ring Fever co-owners "C", and Robert Santa decided that, based on the tremendous positive feedback they received from the segments on Hole In The Wall - why not devote an entire show to wrestling - and Ring Fever was born. The main goal of Ring Fever is to make the stars of the show the very people that watch it - the fans. "Where The Fans Are The Stars" is what Ring Fever is all about. "If there were no wrestling fans, there would be no wrestling." Our show takes the real stars of this business and gives them the recognition they have always deserved." Ring Fever is worldwide and features segments that are filmed at live wrestling events at area arenas, personal appearances by wrestling superstars at local venues, taped fan-inclusive Round Table Discussions - and even right in a fan's own home. Whether it be taking them backstage by showing them footage from interviews we conducted with wrestlers at Madison Square Garden, or watching RAW with the fan and his friends in their house, we make them a part of the show in every sense of the word." In addition to the television show, Ring Fever is also the voice of the fans on the Internet. On their website, fans can speak their mind on the latest goings on in wrestling through a Fan Forum, see themselves in the Picture Gallery, and even get inducted into the Fans Hall Of Fame. "Coupled with our television show, our website is the perfect medium for the fans to say what they want and speak their mind about the business they love so much." Besides becoming popular with the fans of wrestling, Ring Fever has also caught the attention of the wrestling industry. In March, The New York Daily News did a three-part series on the ethical, business and personal side of professional wrestling, which Ring Fever was a part of. In addition, the Ring Fever banner was seen on a recent episode of the USA Network's Monday Night RAW and a link to their website can be found on many wrestling related websites on the Internet. With all of these components, Ring Fever has become airborne and is infecting wrestling fans throughout Brooklyn - and around the world as well. "I caught Ring Fever from the News article," said Carl from Brooklyn, "best 50 cents I ever spent." Jackie from Brooklyn was equally excited. "Ring Fever mentioned with the big three, what else is there to say, the plague is spreading." Lisa from Brooklyn was "blown away" after seeing the story in the Daily News. "A Brooklyn based cable show and website was the only one mentioned with the big three. I love the site and will help spread the plague."
Of course I used a lot more hops than what I grew myself, but I focused the recipe around the Galena hop variety, which I used in both the bittering and aroma additions. I used my .5 oz of homegrown Galena for the aroma addition.
Ok,so this not at all cute,and hardly little devil lived a floor above ours.A bachelor,he always had a smile plastered in his face,and I am not for a moment trying to suggest that the latter is the explanation for the former!
Either that, or protecting jobs which might prove unnecessary under a more enlightened security regime at the expense of all passengers who indirectly pay the wages.
Here is the portion of the construction process that most concerned me (never having installed a leg vise before) and that turned out to be the easiest part of all.
I am probably like many people in that I cannot walk past the UT Tower, especially along the South Mall, without half-expecting someone to start shooting from atop it. Charles Whitman’s memory is still very potent. Gubernatorial candidate Kinky Friedman wrote a song about him, movies regularly name-check him, and such animated programs as “The Simpsons” and “King of the Hill” use Whitman as a punch line.
Live from Lucy's cranium in her sanitarium
Same way a family want to know whether their children want to become doctor or engineer so that they can spend money on him. In the absence of that every body with out aptitude studies for doctor or engineering courses or their entrances which makes the corporate coaching centers very rich. Till now there are no satisfactory answers for this question as to how to predict measurable actionable behavior (MAB) cues that translates in to future actions good or bad.
As with most luxury cosmetics, the packaging is usually decadent and this polish set is no different. It comes in a gorgeous box with the polish set in foam. I usually purchase drugstore priced makeup, but it's definitely fun to splurge on something like this every so often.
7:26: We have our coup de grace! His big close is “Crush it and be better at EVERYTHING!” NOTE: Everything does not include rational thought, analytical reasoning, or the comprehensive understanding of the word NO.
I’ll use this blog on occasion to post materials for those courses. In addition, students in the advanced class will submit guest posts this semester.
This photo was taken indoors and the colors are off just a bit so I will take new photos outside tomorrow. They were more pastel with yellows, pink, peach, green and blue. Now....not so much. :(
Upon swigging, 2 possible effects can occur. One is you gag and scream “Jesus Christ, what the fuck?” the other is that you think “Umm that’s nice, aw damn I forgot the recipe”
On the super trail of Deneb and Altair
It is ironic that, despite the capacity to produce electricity with nuclear power, North Korea remains in darkness when night falls.
Preheat oven to 375° F. Allow baguettes to rise at room temperature to double their size (about 30 minutes), then bake for 10-15 minutes until lightly brown. Allow to cool for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to finish cooling. Store at room temperature and consume within 12 hours of baking.
Final word? You have to be a veer to sit through VEER. Colossal disappointment!
The decision will hit four companies and contracts worth some £350,000. But the Co-op stresses this is not an Israeli boycott and that its contracts will go to other companies inside Israel that can guarantee they don’t export from illegal settlements.
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black. Ranger Distress Ink in Frayed Burlap. Clear Embossing Ink
Amongst other things FBC Media launched a new site Sarawak Report(s) and placed articles in New Ledger, an online right-wing site in the US, which focused on undermining the investigations about corruption in our own blog, the real Sarawak Report. These articles attempted to paint Sarawak Report as being run by ’wild left-wingers’, instead of professional journalists, purely because of the Editor’s family connection with the former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown.
7 Random yet fascinating things you should know about me:
“There are a myriad of state and federal laws that govern whether or how transgender citizens can update their IDs, and some of these requirements are very difficult to meet and incredibly costly,” Herman told me in a phone interview. “Not only is there the emotional and psychological aspects, but also onerous requirements, such as the requirement to have had a certain kind of surgery, and some transgender citizens can’t afford it because it’s not covered by health insurance, while some simply don’t want it.”
So, that’s Anne. The first thing most of my male friends and readers brought up immediately after hearing the casting was – no surprise here– the costume. I can certainly appreciate the desire to start forming that mental picture asap, and since it’s going to be quite a while until we learn anything about the production, let’s have a little survey of Catwoman’s looks over the years.
Player: I scan the area for unusual energy signatures.
Here is one of those cool brothas, a house head and dancer extraordinaire. I've seen him at various spots across the city and across the years, always accompanied by house music and i dont even know his name. Good shot though, lotta twisting and turning frozen in time.
Isn’t it funny how, when you’re ridiculously tired/exhausted, it’s that much harder to fall asleep? Still reeling from the long weekend and all the events that went down, you’d think I’d be passed out as soon as my head hit the pillow.
First, we are out of gender. The way we have been reared, mostly, is utterly at odds with who we are – and if you do that to anyone, the results will be bad. Sometimes seriously bad.
Other than that, let's see what else is going on... I almost got a parking ticket outside FedEx Kinkos, which was pretty exciting. The guy only let me off because I came flying across the street with arms waving and put some money in the pay thing. He shook a pointy finger at me and said, "No one parks for free! No one parks for free!" and I replied, "Some of us try! Some of us try!"
These policy changes are all predicated on a lack of trust. It's the administration's way of saying "we don't trust our teachers to use good judgement and to act in the best interest of the kids." In some cases, that might be justified - there are certainly teachers who shouldn't be teachers, but that's a separate problem that needs to be addressed on an individual basis. My students trust me to help them when they need it, and their parents trust my judgement to always know and do what's right for their kids. That trust wasn't given, it was earned, and in my opinion if you're a teacher you HAVE to earn that kind of trust in order to do your job. The administration needs to recognize that, and they need to take steps to make sure every single teacher earns that kind of trust and respect from the students and their parents. And then they need to back off and trust us to do our jobs.
So it’s no wonder I haven’t had much time for blogging.
Let’s look at some scenarios:
Okay okay, let's get to the pictures!!
After a few weeks, she gave the movie another shot. It wasn't as bad as she thought, but still, not as good as she hoped.
WHY?? Because they're fucking wearing diaper for a week. AND sporting a giant boner, because EVERYONE can see the bulge.(At least in 8th grade they could!)
But, the back and forth was the easy part.
Aggregate scores out of five:
Drain the blood to prevent excess iron with a potential carcinogen. Wash the meat before cooking or taking a pill supplement of calcium phosphate after consuming a lot of blood products which cancels the effect of iron. Prefer to broil, stewed or boiled. Avoid too much well done grilled meat (especially the burnt areas) and exposed to smoke. Broil instead traditional BBQing/grilling methods. Prefer Grass Feed meats!
Seabirds landed with petty squeals
Hello, sorry I've been AWOL of late, I've been working a lot of overtime and auditioning a bit too, but I am back with my full report on The Ambassadors Of Death. This one took me a while to watch...
Becky please contact me at:
You have until February 3rd at noon CST to enter our current challenge, Anything Goes for Kids for a chance at three more awesome prizes from our generous sponsors. So come on and enter any card appropriate for a child and share in the fun at Send a Smile 4 Kids.
"Hi Kids! Know what time it is? Yay! Ooh."
Year-to-date (vs. YTD, 2008), total units sold have decreased by 56.86%, the average price of sold units has decreased by 34.83%, the average DOM has increased by 29%, the total dollar volume sold has decreased by 71.89.
The title of this blog, “Tech4Natives”, is inspired by the term “digital native” coined by Mark Prensky in his chapter “Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants” published in 2001 by MCB University Press. Prensky defines todays students as digital natives – people who, because they have grown up surrounded by digital media, “think and process information fundamentally differently from their predecessors.”
Pouring with rain this morning...started last night...so out come the hair straightners, have a long day ahead of me...
After spending nearly two years in the states with two of her children as they brought grandchildren into the world, she and her legally blind husband had just returned to their own home. She’d had surgery to address a nagging issue. As it turns out, her stubbornness came into play. She didn’t follow up on some of the post-op procedures and check ups. Until she started feeling pains that wouldn’t subside. She finally went to the hospital — with what I gather was renal failure. She had an aneurysm. A massive stroke. It wasn’t looking good. One, seemingly, bright note, was that she was with her physician when this all took place.
The little things make all the difference in the world.
I voted for the Draught House, Live Oak (love me some Big Bark), North by Northwest (love filling up that growler, and those monthly cask-conditioned ales), Saint Arnold (definitely the most adventurous and interesting brewery in Texas right now), and Spoetzl (yeah, Bock has gotten lame, but I finally decided they deserved credit for Shiner 98 and Kolsch).
There is no catch. No hidden fees. You won’t pay activation, reactivation or termination fees.
We read, Recycle, and made a list of ways we can save the earth. Then the kids made the handprint My Earth Day Promise pages I found on pinterest they loved it!!
Megan, thank you so much for the wonderful box o’ goodies! I loved every bit of it!
Deb isn’t just theorizing when she gives hope and practical solutions to those who struggle with difficult relationships. Her own brokenness has given her great compassion and insight for others who are hurting. With her vibrant and engaging manner, she speaks profoundly about God’s faithfulness and how to embrace a God-honoring life in the midst of almost unbearable circumstances. Deb and Randy are grateful beyond words for their 39 years of “not-so-perfect” marriage.
~S
Author: Jayne and Lord Byron
The prize? Ten printed MS Turtle notecards with envelopes. Sometimes you need to drop a note instead of shooting an email. Now that Nicole is gone it is her letters and cards I turn to. Her emails are gone.
The 3 Worlds of Gulliver (1960), Mysterious Island ('61)
I had no idea when I was being relentlessly picked on in marching band my freshman year in High School (yeah, of all places) that my path would come anywhere near where it has already traveled, and I guarantee neither did any of those that did the unyielding taunting.
O’er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly
The Acting is Phenomenal, in fact Russell Crowe walked away with the Best Actor in a Leading Role… But Al Pachino is also Magnificent.
But Blond is on less firm ground dealing with his own economic realities: funding shortages, staff laid off, rented premises locked due to unpaid rents (more here and here). So let us have a closer look at a few records (available at £1 per item from Companies House).
The hubby and I are sitting here watching tv when that stupid commercial comes on with the guy talking about how he loves all the best things in life but also likes saving money. What is that commercial for anyway? I never remember, therefore, it's completely ineffective. But I digress.
Just in case anyone is wondering how many pennies can fit into a quart sized mason jar, I'll tell you... It's about $10, unless of course you sneak in a few silver colored ones or you overflow it a little. Last time we cashed in our penny jar, we got almost exactly $15 and we divided it 3 ways and played downtown.
Believe me when I say that none of that happens if it’s ‘just a cough.’
For another, as time goes on, friendship and companionship is something we crave in a partner as much as chemistry. Someone you saw as only a friend at one point in your life might become something more as both of you grow and change over the years. It obviously isn’t going to happen with everyone in the FZ, but you never know what life brings. It may never happen, but you still have got a great friend out of the deal.
I now look at other people doing particular exercises and think “oh, I can’t do that because of my arm”. I look at people dancing and start modifying in my head how I would do it. My right arm has always been a slacker, I do everything left handed, and I always joked that my right arm was sort of a waste, but I take it back. I miss feeling even, not having to rely on one sides strength, and I miss the equality of having two strong arms. Most of all I miss feeling strong, I hate having to modify something not because I lack the strength and muscles, but because I physically cannot do it with a torn rotator cuff. This has definitely been a wake up call for me about how I treat my body, and how my “go go go” mentality has to slow down for this injury.
Something bigger?
Definitely.
That list is making me drool. What vintage goodies have you got? We're still sitting on a 2008, 2009, 2010 DFH Red and White, a 2004&2007 Fuller's Vintage Ale, and some other goodies. We're also amassing one vintage of J.W Lees Harvest Ale from 2008 on to 2026- 18 years of beer- to crack open for our son's 18th birthday. (I hope they keep making it that long.)
I am not a prude, but I found the depiction of prostitution in this book shallow. I am not against violence in books (although it's not my thing) but the violence in this book was cartoony and the character loved and glorified guns.
Their voices will fall silent
Kind of unexpected, I thought they’d stick to their regular Wednesday (or Thursday in Korea) to make any update. Thankfully, they didn’t, and they released some really cool stuff!
So B is for bucket (sick), and it's orange. And worn out. That's all you need to know. Other than that, yes I will deliver the MS, even if I'm up till 2am each night. And when she's better, I'll be working even harder to replenish that emergency fund.
Following his interest in lower tones, Po switches from trombone to tuba.
-A little reading
4/1/12 Measurements
Be mindful of what you're doing! Lye is dangerous. It can cause severe burns and blindness if not handled carefully and mindfully! This is one time you definitely cannot afford distractions.
እኔ ተፈናቃይ
8. Some do not send messages but they used their walls in their social networking sites to get your attention, if they see you like the topic or their post, lets say science or humor ;P They will rain their wall with it so they can see u there commenting or liking.. Or they will go into your wall and reply to your very nonsense and useless post and flirt with you there. disgusting
At the 480 bridge, Kevin said I should just trot on. He was going to walk. I said I would catch him on the way back. It was only about a mile to the place I wanted to turn around. This section is what my sister and I call “The Canter Stretch.” It is where we used to let Cruiser and Ranger just fly down the trail as fast as they wanted—and we loved it. I so miss those days…
Add a little more Mustard Seed if ya want.
Pictures will come later.
3. Great Gig In The Sky
It is not only in films but also in award nights and fashion shows as well, where the celebrities are seen decked up in this traditional attire. Be it Kajol in ‘Kuch Kuch Hota Hain,’ or Karishma Kapoor in ‘Raja Hindustani’ or Rani Mukherji in ‘Hum Tum’ or Sushmita Sen in ‘Main Hoon Na,’ every one looked suave and gorgeous in simple chiffon and georgette saris.
yesterday afternoon i went back home with him *carl* but it turns out to be a little bit disaster day in my life. Well he said by hm self that he already had a girlfriend. then i just SMILE . Even i’ts god damn hurt feel inside my chest, feel like i can’t breath .
There are tons of blog posts that list off hundreds of links to pages with even more links. With all the OGL-licensed stuff out there, in conjunction to the dozens of rule-sets (that’s just the rule-sets still being published), there is enough material to play for the rest of your natural life. I don’t need to list out another link-farm here.
Picture the poor e-reader user who loses his device. Only today, I saw a notice pinned on a post on a country footpath asking in a despairing way for the return of a camera lost down there. In the past, a camera may have carried a role of undeveloped film whereas now a digital camera is an extension of personality with hundreds of images stored within them. Indeed, the notice asked not for the camera but, more importantly, the memory card within it. People have come to believe that their sense of self is wrapped in a microchip.
Medical bills...yikes, but, you know what? Had I been in a country where medical care wasn't excellent, I would have lost my life. I am thankful for good medical care, thankful for a doctor who listened carefully when I knew something just wasn't right, thankful that smart decisions were made and the doctor performing the surgery had skillful hands. We will not lose our home, we will be able to continue to put food on the table, have clothes on our backs. These bills are really just an inconvenience. I'm thankful for the incredibly generous parents who time and time again have shared their treasure with us so that our burden is lighter. I am SO thankful they are a part of our daily lives.
Small is Beautiful
The walking of course made me hungry and it is always time to think about the next meal. A simple saute of vegetables livened up with a spice blend seemed like a good way to segue back into post holiday eating. I had been waiting to try the Moroccan spice blend Ras el Hanout that I had recently received as a gift and this seemed like a perfect occasion.
Total: 7 points
Let's rephrase that. She's written it as if the reader were a butterfly on the wall, listening to financial advisers tell her how to change her life in order to have the money that she needs.
In combination, it was about 2 kilometers walking distance from my place. Nature is so nearby if one just reach for it.
Look, read the statement, which covers most of this. Read the actual report, and pay particular attention to Section C, beginning on page 71, where the Board responds to the report. The AG's report takes that response and pretty much shreds it, saying over and over that the Board simply chose not to respond to some (the most awkward) of its findings.
Thank God I found the good in goodbye!
Hopefully no one slays me before I peak.
Every piece of who we are is like a puzzle. Some of us bury experiences deep within so that we don’t have to see them again only to find that they are still there until we open them up and move on from them. How each of us creates walls around our powerless and fearful experiences is different. Yet by shining light on what comes up we can get rid of the darkness. I’m finding that it is much better for me to create bridges instead of walls by getting to the bottom of who I am.
BUT, I know some of you are, and all the power to you!
1 become
Candle jumps up on Cupcake's head to remove the nut and it appears that they finally discover that they are perfectly matched...when Candle declares that the next day they should try...a potato...LOL!
The Hebrews regard Abraham as their forefather, who himself was descended from Shem, the son of Noah. Noah had two other sons too. Prior to Moses, ‘who received the word of God and the ten commandments on tablets’ on Mt. Sinai, Abraham, Noah.. Adam and possibly others directly interacted with God.
In fact, I enjoyed it so much that I picked up this 2011 Piazza Bat card from Sportslots along with a bunch of 2011 Opening Day inserts to help me towards completing that set (though I am still in need of some).
Schumpeter’s intellectual legacy
From March until well in to May there is the uniquely wonderful opportunity to reap the vibrant health benefits that eating tender wild greens can bring. In this first of what will become a regular series of short blogs and videos about wild food and related themes, I want to share with you the simple joy of green smoothie making.
It’s time to have a somewhat uncomfortable talk. No, not that one. My oldest is only 5, I’m not going to get into all that yet. This is another difficult discussion, that usually starts like this…
Blue black eyes sadly reproached
Ah, cashmere! I so love my assistant's striped Lucien Pellat-Finet shawl (pictured), where I occasionally nap, that I have even gnawed on it, but it got me in trouble... Anyhow, I'm lucky enough to have an inbuilt fur coat. (Remember, that's the only acceptable fur!)
This card features another one of my new faves . . . it's Sassy Sally, of course! In fact . . . the image is called "Sassy Sally and her Ladybug" and is available HERE at Sassy Cheryl's! Doesn't she have THE cutest nose?! Here's a side view (of the card, not Sally's nose! You're already seeing a side view of her nose! hehe!) . . .
The advanced practice takes total immersion; a Zen like focus on the Here and Now. That and $2000 worth of camera gear!
Look at the situation Penn State is in. The future of Penn State football is going to depend on how fast the fans and the administration get past the Joe Paterno era and moves on.
I think I found this photo on Pinterest - This might be just the jumping off point that you are looking for when creating those Valentine's Day cards!
They say that how you respond to color says a lot about your personality. I took this quiz, and I don't think it was very accurate.... Some of my results (and these are my actual results, copied and pasted here. I couldn't make this up if I tried):
I suppose I would like to be included but I do not want to be ‘central’ to all, like some and I hate to appear to be 'nosy'.
I think honestly blogging can be a bit like that. How powerful are we when we band together rather than tearing another down? I do believe it takes a village. In all things. The power of one is great, but the power of many can move mountains.
Picture frame from Homegoods
For more about the IPCC distortions of the science about climate impacts on natural disasters, see these posts on the website of Roger Pielke Jr:
Turning the little brain to mush
I love BLTs or anything with bacon for that matter. This was super easy to pull together as you can make all of the components ahead of time. I made hard boiled eggs per the recipe, but also made one with a fried egg just for fun. The fried egg definitely gave it a breakfast feel, but was nice. Next time I may try adding avocados, yum!
The idea for WEAVING MAGIC came from a poetry workshop that I run with teens in detention. You can read about our poetry workshop at http://www.denneypoetry.com/
How to Stop Bullying and Harassment
Today is St George’s Day.
i dunno…money bunny looks a little naughty to me…
- John Young
But in recent times, it seems to me that the climate here is becoming increasingly unfriendly to those outside of traditional schools, even as (or perhaps because of) the steady rise in the amount of people choosing to stay far away from the school system. I'd wonder if maybe my personal perspective has changed as I've gotten older, and I'm just noticing it more now, except that others in the area are saying the exact same thing: from speakers at a local Christian homeschooling conferences, to freeschool advocates and anarchist unschoolers. The government really is cracking down on what they seem to see as a potential threat to their control of the minds of children and teens.
-Bire taken to the corner.
However, I also fear that many of my fellow Christians let other worldviews take precedence. I fear this for myself. A Christian/Biblical worldview must be the “grid” through which we filter all our thinking:
Hope you enjoy the sketch. Post a link in the comment section of this post after you have made your page with this sketch so we can check out your work!!!
It could be all lies.
When planning the winery, Ernesto did not have any intention of making it biodynamic. But, once he learned about the theories of biodynamics, he felt that it fit his already existing philosophy, his sense of aesthetics. To Ernesto, biodynamics does not necessarily make better wine but it makes them feel better and it is aesthetically beautiful. He even admitted that there are things wrong in biodynamics but "we need to take a stand" as "we have gone too far on the side of science" and "need more balance, to leave things more natural." Biodynamics is a goal, and aspiration, for Ernesto, despite the fact there is no real market in Argentina for biodynamic wine. Little of Ernesto's wines are currently biodynamic, and it will take years for the winery to start producing a significant amount of biodynamic wines.
But, the nights were filled with shouting contests, yelling, cursing, and name calling. Who could make the other feel worse. My father also directed these angers at my siblings and me, never my mother. So I used to see her as the savior. But, once I realized my mom wasn’t perfect, I also realized that she was just as much at fault as my dad, for feeding into his anger, feeding him kindle, and for leaving for nights when she didn’t want to deal with it anymore, leaving us subjects to his rage.
Next I have a holiday layout I scrapped with a variety of stamps. This is what I really do enjoy about Unity stamps, the versatility of each set. You really can mix and match them to your liking. I just love that!
The other week I went for my Tuesday cardio session with my gym partner. Although this week was different from the previous sessions, we grabbed our headphones and bottles. But this time he also grabbed his S10 gas mask.
We put the mama hen and babies in the nursery coop for now and transitioned the teenage chicks (they’re 12 weeks old now) in to the barn and pasture to free-range full-time with the big girls. Miss Priss gets so stressed out around the other chickens and is very, very aggressive towards them while trying to protect her little fluff ball babies we thought this would be easier for everyone if we keep her and her babies apart from the rest of the flock for a little while.
With strong sales of Nintendo’s latest JRPG XenoBlade Chronicles both in North America and Europe Nintendo has financial figures and sales as evidence that there is a market for Shigesato’s master piece. The game could potentially reach the 500,000 copy mark if released. Though judging by weak performance of other software a high of 200,000 copies on WiiU for Mother and Earthbound seems like a sure thing. Further copies up to 100,000 each could be sold over the next generation on 3DS. Mother 3 on 3DS could easily reach the 200,000 mark. Potentially Nintendo could see up to 1.5 million downloads come out of bringing Mother to the west. This estimate based on the petition by Starmen.net the sales of XenoBlade as well as sales figures for eShop software like Dillon’s Rolling Western.
*And maybe the toilet will magically unclog itself too.
And the taste. My word! It is like the hand of God scraping every malignant word from your tongue and replacing it with a gentle calm shielded by a savory bitterness.
Last week I was in a meeting with 22 people. I calculated the average salary as $150k per annum, which then translated into an hourly rate of $75. The meeting went for 5 hours. The cost of this meeting was then $8250. I don’t care how big or wealthy the companies involved are, this is a lot of money. What makes it more significant is that most meetings are pointless – as this one was.
It's a rare writer who can dump us in a world that is familiar enough, yet strange enough, and not alienate the reader. Doing this in a book as slender as My Name is O is positively genius. Add to that, everything that happens, including a set of great reveals about O and who the overlords are and O's subsequent actions and well, I will say this: I want to know more about O and I want a whole series about O, the consequences, what she gets up to next, all of it! In fact, I'd like a TV show about My Name Is O. But in the meantime, I'll have to keep re-reading the book. Well done, crafty twisty Sam Enthoven, you've made me want to write fan-fiction.
2) 3 X ME Strict HSPU – rest 2 minutes.
Pregnancy Highlights:
I get to write, which is possibly second only to reading on my list of non-sexual or -sporting things to do.
Later, when the instructor asked what scents we picked up in one of the wines, the response was a sigh, a faraway gaze, and a longing “Napa Valley!” Never mind that it was a French wine…
Well, we certainly shouldn’t have to worry about any other heirs to the von Niederhoffentanger millions presenting a claim any time soon.
“Okay, I thought about it.”
Everyday.....the same thing...
Guinness Ltd. Guinness Draught
So out came the trusty cuttlebug…….
Tomorrow our vacation starts and although it keeps getting shorter and shorter, we're still pretty excited. We're in for some busy days when we get back to Tokyo, so it's nice that we get to enjoy a bit of traveling first.
1. It’s A Long Way To The Top-Dropkick Murphy
One day a thought came to me... Maybe its silly or maybe its not, but sometimes I think God blesses us with children so that we know how He feels.. So that we can know and understand HIS heart more. Its a way to form our hearts to His. After all, He is our heavenly Father and we are His children! Think of the great love you have for your children. Even Before they were born, while they were still in your womb. You loved them so much! You planned and prepared for them. You think of their future and you only want whats best for them. You love them so much, nothing they could do could make you not love them... Its an unconditional love, (Agape Love). Thats how God loves us!
I AM SELF-RELIANT!
It's turning into quite an artistic weekend, here. Last night we stayed up late watching a TV documentary on Grayson Perry's Tomb of the Unknown Craftsman exhibition at the British Museum. Then, this afternoon, we went to the Baltic art gallery in Gateshead, to see the Turner Prize exhibition.
Nicolas Cage/John Travolta (Face/Off)
"One of the most gargantuan and adorable scenery chewers the cinema has ever known, the six-foot-four Timothy Agoglia Carey had a growl so loud and a grimace so creepy he could have frightened Beelzebub off a toilet seat—and a warm if slightly warped grin so goofy and infectious he could charm a kitten out of a tree. A beatnik/hepcat/margin dweller before there were terms for such things, Carey was born in Brooklyn (are you
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the most up to date on current events. But when a topic comes a long that has everyone a buzz and has the potential to impact my daily browsing routine I make it my business to get informed. So what's the current topic that has everyone up in arms, and even shut down sites like Wikipedia and Oh No They Didn't (both very informative websites!), SOPA. SOPA, Stop Online Piracty Act, and PIPA, Protect IP Act, are a pair of anti-piracy bills that will be voted on by US Senate. Typically I would start my quest for information with Wikipedia but since they are dark today, I have to go to my other BFF Google to learn more.
- DDF Advanced Firming Cream
I participate in this devotion each year without any cost. Please take a minute and if you are a supporter of this devotion, please consider leaving us a free will donation. Your support is greatly appreciated and helps me continue working on this devotion and spreading it further.
Ah, an alumni from the Friday the 13th franchise is up next. She plays Kit here, and her character in the Friday film she did get dressed up as Jason's mother at the end. So that one was, what, the second movie? The third one, maybe. I think it was the second one. Hey, gimme a break! I watch at least one of these a week! After awhile, they all start to blend together...
This is the route we are now forced to use, since the Wigan Traffic Engineer blocked off the Millers Lane access to Platt Street.
j) How do you feel in a crowd? How do you feel alone?
Choose your own cover!
Btw, I omitted the walnuts in the recipe because my son dislikes nuts—but he still loves me. Ha. Ha.
Currently pupils can sit a modular exams as they study a subject. Pupils starting in September 2012 will sit the exams for all their modules at the end of two years. After that, non-modular courses will be brought in.
The Ambulance Service is supposed to be for life threatening or serious emergencies and we should be sending the right response to the right patient at the right time…..but we are not!!! We are responding to everything as though it was life threatening due to stupid f*****g targets and the only way we can protect ourselves is to time the last job so we clear at the hospital dead on the hour of finishing. This still means we are late off due to travelling back to station.
There are only two options available when dealing with these people: You either avoid them like the plague, or you approach them in an unthreatening manner - like a snake with a type of wisdom they can identify with…
The big question, of course, is whether Mafia can maintain its laid-back milieu and dedication to conservation if its popularity continues to grow. A tarmac runway that would allow larger planes to land is in the works, as is a jetty that could welcome additional ferry travelers from the mainland.
Happy Weekend and welcome to the series combo of Why This Works and Fashion Friday all rolled into one post! With Valentine's Day right around the corner, I thought it would be fun to find a room and outfit inspired by the whimsical colors of the holiday! With hues of pinks included in main living spaces, I can only take it in small doses. This room strikes the perfect balance for me... enjoy!
anything, there is always someone
Firstly, I want to thank everyone who contributed SO MUCH!! You guys made this project a success.
Fairy Intrigue
I always get excited when J says he's going to make pizza, because they're the BEST.
Doritos. Any flavor.
from design*sponge, look at these great yellow floors! AHHH! I love 'em so much. i may have a floor painting job pretty soon here..exciting!
After that came the value pack of this year's NBA Panini Prestige, I really like the look of the cards and came away with a couple for my PC. I came away with a nice new Amare, Knicks card as well as some nice retired players, a Jordan Crawford rookie card and a Carl Landry numbered to 499. I have to say I was much happier with the Panini Value Pack then the 12 dollar autograph package. Here are the Crawford and Landry cards.
According to the embassy’s version of the incident, about half an hour after the arrival of “the internationally renowned Indian film star” by a private jet at White Plains airport on Thursday afternoon, the Indian consulate in New York received information that he had not been cleared by the US Customs and Border Protection (USCBP).
I'm been so busy with wedding prep this week my feet have hardly touched the ground! Here are my tales from this week...
No Yes without Anderson, Squire and Howe.
The picture built up by the inventory is rich, complex & intriguing. Many items are sumptuous, but some are ‘old and sore worn’ – sheets are threadbare & stools have broken legs or missing feet. Of course, these are highly unlikely to have been still used by the king, but we find that Henry valued some old items just as we might – there is a sword, reputed to have belonged to Henry V, and the Order of the Garter robe that belonged to Henry’s older brother Arthur. There are, too, unextinguished traces of people who had fallen from favour – for example, in Greenwich there is a chair that must surely have belonged to the long-dead Cardinal Wolsey (and the chair had clearly seen better days):
My constant chant throughout this entire process has been 'This needs to be done.' And while smashing through all of that teal tile felt really good- I must say I was a little surprised to see exactly how much work this demo was going to be.
We have sat and wept
Keep going, you’re never done
-Shelly Elaine: When I saw Kristen roll out with the shot-out hair and the oxygen mask, I thought, oh boy, here comes another notoriously annoying Kristen Wiig bit where a bludgeoningly obvious joke is driven into the ground before it is even delivered for a first time. I am one of Kristen’s biggest apologists, but as this bit was about to begin, I thought, I can’t defend her anymore. But, Shelly Elaine was quite the character. I’m sorry I doubted you, Kristen. B+
The Prophet (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) stated in one hadith, “The head of its matter is Islam and its pillar is the Salah and its highest peak is the Jihad.”
I’m going to stay here with her for another day or two, then I’ll be getting set to bring her to see the orcs’ new home. Obviously she’s never been through the Dark Portal, and I’m kind of looking forward to showing her around Azeroth. I think she’s going to love Mulgore.
Not only this but Breiviks mother whose opinion of her son was another part of the evaluation which was then spread around the world to reinforce the ‘official line’ of insane, is a co-conspirator. 3 weeks before trial it emerges that 5 years ago when she was claiming Breivik was insane she was actually washing $600,000 terrorist funding through her own bank accounts for her son with no questions asked (Breivik’s Achilles heel).
The interior is white, sparkling and glam. The regular menu consists of small plates, large plates and sushi, but the best deal is Cocktail/Happy Hour (Mon-Thurs 5pm to close, Fri 5pm-8pm) at the bar area only. They have drink and food specials from $3-$7 each.
The first half of the film details the problem posed by Naritsugu and sets up the question of how Shinzaemon, will make his move, what stands in his way and who he will recruit as the twelve other assassins. When Shinzaemon does make his move, it is spectacular.
because candy makes any note sweeter :)
-In a large wok ,add 4-5tsp of oil and caramelise chicken til slightly brown on all sides.
But it's not a self-help book. It's a memoir.
These Nanaimo bars came in super handy when we went down on a road trip to California and got stuck in a snow storm.
The completion of The Perry Preschool Study in 2005 examined the importance of Preschool education and its effect on an individual later in life. The researchers took children from poor families and randomly sent half of them to Preschool for two hours each day while the other half acted as the control and received no Preschooling. From Kindergarten through high school and beyond there was no intervention thus the only variable between the two groups was whether or not they had a Preschool education. The study followed up with the subjects forty years later and discovered that the Preschool group went to prison less often, earned a higher salary, and had higher all-round achievements. This study illustrates that it is in the public good to send every child to Preschool. They will become better citizens, innovators and workers and will have a real opportunity to pursue the American Dream.
Medium: Letraset Promarkers and Letraset Pantone Tria Markers
The original idea was that visitors would be able to walk over and handle the sunflower seeds. This obviously prompted the question as to whether it was ok to take a sunflower? – Just as a souvenir, of course … After all there are 100 million of them…
In fact, 97 per cent of Australia’s palm oil comes from Indonesia and Malaysia.
The Rydex Precious Metal sector mutual fund has seen a major exodus pushing its total assets down to $134.6 million. Historically, this much loathing has been a reliable indicator of an important low for gold:
The 2012 Hoophall Classic has afforded all of us all opportunity to take in some of the best high school players in the country. A veritable laundry list of “Players-to-Watch” came across the media tables, but not one player was on the Celtics roster.
I hope someone will find this review helpful! :$
Here is what I (Marjolaine) got from this study,
I was very pleased with the scores that Alfie and I acheived for individual obstacles and they demonstrate how much my riding has come on. Unfortunately I made a silly mistake and Alfie and I completed one of the higher level obstacles instead of the easier one we were supposed to do. Despite the fact that we completed it perfectly this resulted in our losing all of our points for the PTV course. Ah well, that's just the way it goes sometimes! I was pleased to see that some of my friends made a rather better job of it than me!
It’s time to get the menu ready for Thanksgiving…we’ll celebrate it on the 20th since Michael will be away on Thanksgiving. We’re doing a Weight Watchers Thanksgiving dinner…
Forget brand loyalty. You’re looking for products (ex: cheese), not brand names (ex: Sargento). If you find a coupon for a brand you like (Tropicana!), that’s fantastic, but the better toothpaste deals come when you let go of your Crest fixation.
- Beer! Stone IPA made me feel good today, and Anchor Steam, too.
The theme for this month’s i {heart} papers Design Team challenge was pretty loose: all we had to do was use some of NEW stuff that Kate’s been getting in from the Summer CHA buying spree. Not difficult at all, if you ask me!
Look right through me, look right through me.
That is a known known, to paraphrase Donald Rumsfeld, which means, by the way, that these are things we know that we know. There are known unknowns, too. That is to say, there are things that we know we don’t know. But there are also unknown unknowns — things we don’t know we don’t know.
CIRCLING THE ELF
The Near Witch by Victoria Schwab
Happy shopping!
Ben and I had a rather busy weekend...mostly fun things. Friday night, our friends Cameron and Lauren had a party for his graduation (he earned his MBA). Then Saturday, of course, was the Derby. Our friend Meredith hosted a Derby Sanchez party!! We had a great time at both parities.
and would if I could offer any
Yesterday was Paul’s birthday, and according to our family tradition, he chose the dinner menu. His choice this year? Steak salad – a treat from our days in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I’ve since forgotten the name of the restaurant where we first tried this, but not the salad!
The UK is collection of very wet countries. Situated in the west of Europe, and stretching up into the northwest, the UK is famous for its dreary climate. The country of Kernow may be relatively dry in comparison with the other countries in the UK, but it is still home to rain, rain and more rain.
20. Announcer intro (looking for floor space)
I can’t rave about her enough. She does a fabulous job and is incredibly reasonable.
92. Last Mission, The: Harry Mazer
The Urban Decay eye shadow kit is such a popular palette and almost all Beauty YouTubers seem to own it. I love watching Beauty Youtubers, have you guys ever seen the 'my make up collection' style posts that are out there? They always make me feel a little horrified at the sheer amount of make up that some people own (serious bucket loads) but they also fascinate me and make me want to hit the cosmetic halls and stock up on absolutely everything!
It should be interesting! Even nothing happening will be intellectually interesting (but I hope something happens!)
Before I go any further, let me clarify that I had wonderful, loving parents. So I am not parent bashing here. We were the house where all the kids in the neighborhood always wanted to be. My parents literally gave me all the love and everything else they had to give. But you know what – I was created for MORE than that, as are you.
For lunch I made the Double Onion Quiche. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Angela and I both loved this dish. I'll definitely make it again, and she thought it was the kind of thing she could make and serve on a mom-friend playdate. On the side, I served the veggie-filled Crunchy Pea Salad, another total keeper. Her two-year-old enjoyed this as well. This made a great ladies' salad lunch, but I think it would be a good side salad for any meal.
We had a cat for several years when Chelsea was a baby named Lulu. She literally appeared on our doorstep one day. We tried to ignore her, but Chelsea instantly fell in love with her. She played with Lulu every chance she could go outside. As a matter of fact, one morning we woke up about 6 am by hearing Chelsea coming back inside the house from playing with her. (Needless to say, keyed dead-bolts were installed that day!) Since Chelsea loved her so much, we decided to keep her, but keep her outside. She ended up being the best pet we've ever had. She was fiercely protective of Chelsea and would attack anyone or anything she thought was trying to mess with her.
Today's only fixed plan was to be at the Comédie tram-stop at 12:30, to meet Peter and another guy for lunch. This was, as usual, something to look forward to. Peter is something of a phenomenon, having been semi-retired in a village about 40 minutes north of Montpellier as the Peugeot flies, and using the other half of the semi to set up The Languedoc Page some years back. As you can see, it's a huge compendium of facts and links, including a very useful forum, all in English, all dedicated to this part of France. He's constantly networking, constantly making it better, and that's why he was putting me together with a guy who's just started some magazines in English, each dedicated to a different department within this region. (Departments are sort of like counties).
Never Forget:
be the right thing to do. I cannot escape being troubled by the fact
Visitors can also indulge in free treatments at the ‘pamper lounges’, where experts from House of Fraser, Harvey Nichols, Sanctuary Spa, Seanhanna and the Body Shop will be on-hand to treat shoppers and talk through the latest hair and beauty trends.
Winston Blakely, Artist/Writer– is a Fine Arts/Comic Book artist, having a career spanning 20 years, whose achievements have included working for Valiant Comics and Rich Buckler’s Visage Studios. He is also the creator of Little Miss Strange, the world’s first black alien sorceress and the all- genre anthology entitled – Immortal Fantasy. Both graphic albums are available at Amazon, Barnes and Nobles and other online book store outlets. Visit him: http://blakelyworks.blogspot.com/ or http://blakelyworkstudio.weebly.com/
Pride. “Why is this person talking to me like I’m stupid” is usually what goes through my head. Why I’m so sensitive feeling like I’m being looked down on, I have no idea, I just know that I often feel that way.
The Bible teaches the exact opposite of what Barton says. Barton’s presentation is that America is great because of its Christian heritage. Then James Dobson says that the proof America is favored by God is its weapons of mass destruction that God provided. The notion that the humble Nazarene Jesus who was crucified by the mighty Romans, coerced by the steeped in tradition hypocrite stone carrying Jews, today provides weapons of mass destruction to destroy the very people he died to save is saying that God thinks like man. It is absurd and a great insult to a loving God who sent his Son to die for sinners to present God as a serial killer.
My number one reason for homeschooling my children is spiritual. Since the inception of public education, special interest groups and lobbyists have claimed that God has no business in schools and have worked tirelessly to achieve just such an eradication. Sadly, they have succeeded. I firmly believe, therefore, that without the inclusion of God, the Creator of all about which we are learning, my children (His children) have no business in public school. Above all else, I want the opportunity to imbue my children with the same standards, values, and principles which I hold dear, and I do not see that as possible, practical, or probable should they first be imbued with seven hours of someone else's standards, values, and principles. Instead of being their primary contact with vital and valuable life lessons, I am left doing damage control. I am the janitor rather than the teacher. It leaves me with precious little time to truly magnify my calling as a mother and teacher if I must forgo a significant lesson on service, faith, or the Savior in order to explain why Guess jeans aren't more important than Target jeans or to correct a child who has ignorantly adopted bad language from peers. Granted these are opportunities to discuss our values as opposed to worldly values, but they leave no room, no time for instruction in "the weightier matters" of life and eternity. I want to teach about the Creation, not unravel falsehoods gleaned from Godless theories such as evolution and the big bang theory. I want to teach about abstinence, chastity, and the beauty of purity, not undo the damage of a "health" curriculum that preaches birth control for "safe sex" (rather than abstinence), birth control for STD avoidance (rather than abstinence), masturbation, and homosexual intimacy methods. It rather disgusts me how far our public schools have strayed from real academic education for the sake of social "education." I want our Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus Christ, to be not just a fifteen minute daily part of my children's lives, but an every-minute part of their lives where they grow to see how God's Hand is in every subject they could possibly explore be it academic, professional, or personal. I have a God-granted stewardship over my children. They were His first and they are still His most. How can I do my job as He has pleaded it be done if I am sending them off to someone else to do my job for me; someone who has neither the same level of love for, concern for, or interest in my children? No one can be more anxious for the success of a child than his own mother, and no one can receive more patience, heavenly guidance/inspiration, and personal revelation for that child than his own mother.
As part of the finale of this term, the primary school puts on a school show. The word Show doesn’t seem to quite cover it; Extravaganza would be a better description with every one of the 510 children in the school, from Kindy to Year 6 performing, in full costume. Each of the 21 classes has an individually choreographed dance that they perform with aplomb. I can’t begin to get my head round how you even start with a project of this size – and I’m sure even Cameron Mackintosh would be calling for a stiff gin and tonic if handed the task, but somehow the staff pull it off every year. From a parental perspective I love the fact that every child, from small to tall, tousle headed to impeccably groomed, has a part and is in effect a star. Based on the children’s expressions and the parental bodies in the audience that almost visibly swell with pride, the show is something that really provides that magical word of enrichment that is bandied around in educational circles, to every single child in the school. There is also the additional benefit that the videos that are produced every year are an invaluable source of entertainment and I can already see are going to have a major role in any 21st or wedding celebration – after all Drama Queen No 3 started her career as a dancing banana in Kindergarten and finished year 6 this week as a performing Penguin and how many people can boast that kind of track record?
that way we each could make and freeze 3 goals apeice.
The herring transposed him to another dimension of time and space. The card made him feel like a millionaire in our time and space like he no longer had to work too hard for money or even have to pay it back except in those small minimum payments credit card companies use to lull these poor naïve people like my father into a very false unmagical sense of security. He never thought about interest. In fact the day he signed over his card to me- since I wasn't able to get one on my own - he signed it over with plenty of interest still on it which I'm still paying off.
Is this considered a work out? Maybe I don't need to do Zumba today.
First, I thought of the words “I almost died” before I thought of the particular incident. Next, I was going to share with you an incident from my adulthood, but then I chose to use an incident involving me as a child. (Why? Well, this story just seemed like it would be a lot of fun to tell!)
- Things that magically appear in my house when my folks are in town
I'm tired of doing this, being here while he is there. It is so old. I've been writing about it forever. It's been happening forever. My life goes on while he sits in jail. And when I say my life goes on, I mean that I sit here and let my life pass me by while I sit, invisibly incarcerated, waiting. I can't do this for another fifteen years. I can't do it for another year. I'm so tired.
Well yesterday I posted (or tried to) the video review I did with Bersercules, on the 1960's Batman TV show. At first it turned out that for some reason or another the review wasn't showing when I was sure I had embedded it. Though to be fair I did write that post at 3AM while slightly intoxicated. Even though the link was eventually posted in the comments some people still missed it, so I really am going to be a whole new kind of lazy and post the same post two days in a row.
Let me clear this though, I don't have an ice-cream machine to churn my ice-cream. So for myself, I had a lot of work up my sleeves. Can you imagine me running back and forth from the freezer to my Kitchen Aid mixer and then back to the freezer to freeze my ice-cream? I'm not complaining, because at the end I get to have a lovely scoop of creamy smooth Berrylicious ice cream with some Oreo bites in them. Yummmmmm...
“This game is played by all kinds of adolescents, some high-achieving, some not. It would be attractive to some adolescents who are bored, maybe even a little depressed because their lives may be empty of other sources of pleasure,” he said.
Stress is man-made. We run around chasing our tails too often! We run after the wrong things. We sponge our worries. Why oh why?
He tried to get me to endorse his candidature. I refused. It didn’t matter, he was elected anyway, as Peter had predicted. In the following years he became something of a legend in College, making regular speeches and harangues and was re-elected to Union positions regularly. I have no idea how the various other people involved in the union managed him.
I told them to pose like they were looking for the beach.
Henry: Really? Well guess fucking what? I don't really fucking care. You wanna know fucking why? Because I don't fucking live in the fucking world! I live in fucking New York City! So go fuck yourself!
Intertextuality operates in the novel as both a homage to and as a protest against the First World. While García Márquez the man was indeed a critic of First World cultural hegemony, he was also an admirer of such First World writers as William Faulkner, James Joyce and Virginia Woolf. Thus, in One Hundred Years of Solitude, Darwin’s theories are applied irreverently and ironically to the evolution of the cockroach. José Arcadio’s terror of his mother’s authority can be read as a parody of Freud. There are also nods to First World authors of the time such as William Golding and the feral children in his Lord of the Flies. But perhaps the most overt references are to the Bible and classical mythology. Like the Garden of Eden, Macondo is founded at a time “when many things lacked names.” Later, on it is savaged by natural catastrophes not unlike the punishments Yahweh metes out to mankind in the Old Testament. The rains that eventually wash Macondo into oblivion recall myths of “the great flood” evident in premodern cultures around the globe.
One of Andrew Breitbart’s best qualities, in his own words, was the in-depth knowledge of politics in America that he researched using the internet. He was able to express his unique views using the internet as a tool, despite the enormous effort in the mainstream media to silence him simply because they did not approve of any opinion that was contrary to their narrative. I can only make observations about people, in general, and won’t get drawn into conspiracy theories. Anyway, I was astounded to see the extent that the media was willing to go to, to avoid cold, hard facts.
The final scene required ten minutes of self-pep talk and two chunks of chocolate to begin.
- If it smells, spray it with Comfort Refresh (Britain's answer to Febreze)
Speaking of butterflies I thought I would share a few photos I took yesterday of some beautiful butterflies that came to visit our butterfly bush in front of our house. Aren't they just gorgeous!
I'm too young to have been married for this long. I am married to a wonderful man and I wouldn't trade him for the world.
ey up kidda
He is getting better and hope the kids get over their lesser symptoms of the same thing soon. Two of them had Strep as well. Sigh!
Panda S, Kar A.
Are taking to the center
Overall pigmentation was good, but the matte shades tended to be slightly chalky. My favorite shade is the champagne peach which makes a great all-over-lid shade. The olive green shade is also quite interesting and gives a bit more variety to the otherwise very neutral palette. This isn’t a spectacular, must-have palette by any measure, but it’s a solid, usable one. However, the truth remains that the lovely illustrations on the packaging remains as the most impressive part of this product. So if that’s not your cup of tea, you can safely skip this =)
Bent with our toil and burdens we bear;
Doing so makes great.
brings. 1 down, 2 to go! We're testing this one
Rooftop pie of an evening...
Walking by foot down a mostly deserted Broadway through downtown, there were no broken windows, no smashed cars, not even a single broken bottle. Wisps of smoke from a smoldering garbage can fire were the only evidence of anything close to a "riot", at least until I arrived at 14th and Broadway to see the line of police and sheriffs in full riot gear, lined up behind barricades to prevent the re-taking of Oscar Grant Park.
The "Kent State killings" inflamed the nation. Nobody could believe that, here in America, college students could be shot while walking around on campus. Young people blamed Nixon and the older generation for the deaths. Neil Young, a hugely-popular musician of the time, wrote a song ("Ohio") which became both an anthem of rebellion and a big commercial hit.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Grease an 8×8 pan, set aside.
· Just because Mario's Bar and Grill has a shamrock in the window, it doesn't necessarily make it an Irish bar.
This is rather worrying?
Lucious Lemon Meringue Pie (adapted from the Joy of Baking)
In other words, pushing another half trillion tons of carbon into the atmosphere should raise temperatures by a degree or so, but it might raise them by much more. Or it could start climate flickering in which climate changes repeatedly from one state to another every few years. It’s happened in the past. Either way, you can kiss your way of life goodbye.
Music history was music history. Not much to discuss there. I grabbed a cup of campus coffee before class, which I’ve discovered is actually pretty good. Of course, it’s not the campus’s own brew…it’s just Maxwell House, but I like it quite a bit. But Dunkin Donuts’ coffee is way better! I brought the K-cups that I bought this weekend back to Tech with me, and Andrew decided that it’s excellent coffee as well. A great purchase!
The Bowery of 1923, its livelihood segregated from the street by elevated railways.
Pressure cook the chopped/shredded beetroots. Keep aside
So, I know I have been MIA again... but I promise, I am going to post a few things today. This summer has just flown by!~
One thing that was pointed out to me was that the little girls were still wearing the dresses they had been wearing the last time they had come for an outreach, in March. We concluded that these girls were wearing the same clothes every day, probably the only ones they own.
(P.S. That’s me in the photo....incognito...)
Clear ideas are what matter.
When it was time to take the children to the bathroom, it was decided that the girls would go with one teacher and the boys would go with the other. The young teacher assigned to the boys was waiting outside the men's room when one of the boys came out and told her that none of them could reach the urinal.
eroswings darling
So how did I do on the challenge? I used twine, stick pins, chipboard, and bling, and used acrytic paint as my technique.
9) Spoon the orange batter, alternating chocolate batter into a 21cm chiffon tube pan. Use a chopstick to pull backward and forward through the mixture. Bang the pan on the table to get rid of bubbles.
My camera battery is getting low and I can't find the charger in all this chaos so I was not able to get more than a couple pictures before it gave out. :( This will be it for the updates until I find that charger.
I was quite overwhelmed by the amount of equipment used today. When we climbed in the 70s we just tied a rope round out waists and went up. Today they wouldn't even dream of leaving the ground without a professional harness, a rack full of nuts, quickdraws, etc., and a helmet. Quite right too. We were completely nuts.
Thusly NaNo 2011 concludes.
*New* Flavicon:
PATRICK J. ADAMS / Mike Ross – “SUITS” (USA)
**Straps for Pants** Attach with blue with a sl st to post of sc from first row of pants color. ch15, attach to backside of pants with sl st around post of first row of pants color. Make 2
i believe that i can survive the 300 hundred children that will enter through my doors to play b/c i feel like
To counter my discouragement with both my shoddy dream analysis and our tardy spring, tonight I plan on dreaming of a zebra with a fear of burglars, riding a moped whilst listening to hard rock music. If that fails, I’m turning to the hot salsa after 10pm.
In other news, I should be meeting up with Mr Double-Barrel again this week. Busy, busy, busy!
Starring: Matt Damon, Franka Potente and Chris Cooper Director: Doug Liman
They took Sawyer to the ambulance. There were so many people. It was so chaotic. I remember getting my jacket from the closet next to Uncle W.’s room. I tried to tell him that there was something wrong with Sawyer. I am not sure what I said.
BF: That’s there for everybody to see.
How was everyone's Easter weekend?
It was only last month that the PKR went into a tailspin of electoral fraud with Anwar at the centre of the controversy: his promise of an inclusionary democratic balloting was left in tatters and raised doubts of his ability to administer his party.
For you see, it often seems there is a gaping hole where a confident Labour movement should be (and indeed, from a different angle, where a confident small ‘c’ conservative movement should be too). In surging forth with its robust analysis of the statism the Labour movement had come to embrace, drawing upon much Red Tory analysis and language in the process, Blue Labour has thus far failed to make a convincing and positive case for the state, at least in any serious and sustained manner – thereby neglecting what Anthony Painter has termed the trump card the left has to play against the apparently anti-state coalition.
So, until my next adventure, whatever that may be and wherever it may take me…
Academia, Hollywood and the media love to vilify the United States by constantly talking about the U.S. expansions, the so-called Japanese internment camps and other perceived injustices. The left’s revision of history consists of hiding the facts and the context of many historical events. One of those is the atrocities committed by the Japanese during their Imperial expansion.
like
Life delivered some ups and downs in 2011. One of those downs was not getting to race — no road races and no triathlons. One of the ups is that I am pregnant. So, to be back in my element, I literally felt as if someone slipped LSD into my water bottle — not that I know what it's like to trip on LSD, seriously. I was running on all-natural euphoria! Training and racing are what I do and what brings me closest to my Creator. It is my passion, my relaxation, my meditation, and my freedom. It's not how I define myself, but more simply it is what I was born to do and what I thoroughly enjoy.
Be sure to check out the current challenge and twist? You have until 10 PM EST next Tuesday to enter. Here's a hint: It will have you one step closer to being prepared for Mother's Day.
BFF: Best Friend Farted
Ok all, sorry this went up late. For some reason the "auto publish" feature failed even though I'd tested it previously. GRRRRRR!!! So anyway,
At the end of the performance, cast members are in the lobby collecting donations for the Iceni Project, which aims to help sex workers off the street and off heroin. A lovely thought, and for that reason, this review has to end with a recognition of the girls who died. This production made me sorry for the loss of Tania Nicol, Gemma Adams, Anneli Alderton, Annette Nicholls and Paula Clennell.
Serving Size 1 Tbsp (17g)
Rather than allowing people to decide for themselves what voluntary risks they wish to take with their own health, “Smoke Free” proponents and their progressive government partners seek to enforce a risk abatement strategy onto property owners that is inconsistent with the very definitions of autonomy, freedom and self determination that allow people to make such decisions on their own. Corporate solicitation of government intervention to achieve this end in order to generate profit is despicable.
10. OMG I love Sharpie pens too. It’s probably the only thing Lindsey and I have in common apart from our ample boobage. I’ve got a tiny little Sharpie pen on my keyring that I use in case I need a Sharpie when I’m out and about. Good for writing on toilet walls and that like (not that I do that. I’m not being all faux-innocent while implying that maybe I do, I just don’t. End of story.)
Having said that, how is it the case that well-off Korean Americans still are not competent judges of good Korean food?
Seely was 1-for-4 at the plate with three RBI, and Kyle Brown was 4-for-4 with three RBI in the win for the Falcons (6-2).
The two types of exercise differ by the duration and intensity of muscular contractions involved, as well as by how energy is generated within the muscle.
It was very difficult to choose from my fabulous followers as you are all truly inspirational and your comments and encouragement are simply wonderful and so much appreciated. I decided to choose blogs with under 100 followers and I apologise to any I had to leave out - five was just not enough - I wanted to list you all!!
Widespread fake belief: Each person is it's own puppeteer.
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Ascent 54
When all the arancini are assembled, add them a few at a time to the oil. Fry until a deep golden color, turning them over with a wire skimmer to ensure they're browned on all sides.
You and I need so much therapy. It´s not only the way we both obsessively pretend we´re someone else, with different careers and different prospects, while our normal lives carry on as usual. It´s the mood swings, the borderline hysteria, the mental pain that we can´t learn to defend ourselves against. I brush my teeth and I put the head of the toothbrush on my right tonsil and I press hard and white lumps come out of it and land on my tongue and I gag as I scrape them out. I then rinse my toothbrush with chlorine.
Carrie (1976)
I shrug. “I’ll gladly kill you but with one condition.”
4.Boil the mix.Sitrr well.
IBI is not the only Christian organisation facing the fall out of the economic ‘great reversal’. Many individuals are struggling to keep their heads above water with unemployment, negative equity, rising taxes and costs, falling giving. Local churches are struggling. A primary calling, it seems to me, of the church, is to help the poor and keep focus on the bigger picture of ‘the mission of God’.
I could sit and play with this technique all night. And nearly did since my Snow Cap mixative wasn't cooperating. I ended up taking the top off, removing the stuck solution gunk and really moving the shaker ball around.
Bring a Wine on the Restaurant’s Wine List
Well, all right then! She’s got a science fictiony type power. And hell, it was only fifty cents. And if I didn’t like it, I could bring it back and likely get half that back.
An innovative and extensive cocktail list features numerous variations on the Bloody Mary and the good old gin and tonic, made by the mad-scientist of a mixologist, Oscar, which can be sampled alongside the delicious, simple and authentic pizzas prepared by the passionate, bona fide Italian team.
As soon as she finished talking to the teller, the elderly woman walked out of the bank and headed across the parking lot towards her car. She was walking slowly and labored with every step as she leaned upon her cane for support. She had no one to help her. No husband. No son. No daughter. There was nothing to lean on but a cane.
I ain't no soldier
"All Things French"
I've been playing around while the baby sleeps and came up with a design which includes one of my favorite quotes. Please feel free to save this graphic for yourself if you'd like.
PLEASE DO NOT BUY PRODUCTS TESTED ON ANIMALS! You can see their faces now….. buy only products that have the cruelty-free symbol.
FARMERS & FAMILIES: Hershey and its not-for-profit partner, Source Trust, have started a new initiative known as Hershey Learn to Grow. The goal of the program is to help farmers improve their livelihoods through better crop yields and quality, achieved through sustainable farming practices. The program will include:
Gerry (Harris Savides)
He's absolutely right which is why I now recommend seeding new talent through an experienced fund of funds like PAAMCO or Blackstone. There are others who are less well known but equally excellent and know how to weed out true talent from bozos looking to collect 2 & 20 for leveraged beta. When it comes to seeding, it may be worth taking a fund of funds approach but you still need to negotiate carefully on fees and terms so that you benefit if one of the funds succeeds.
Political commentators attribute the noticeably subdued reaction among attendees to the fact that Republicans and Democrats sat jumbled together rather than each party in its distinct spot. I agree that one would be more hesitant to strongly react to a Presidential statement when seated with members of the opposite party than when sitting with your own crowd.
BIG SCARY camera
Today was difficult. I spent literally all day trryyying (emphasis on TRYING) to complete my take-home final, which is to write three essays. Luckily for me it’s not due until Friday but I really wanted to get as much done as possible. (And as of now, I’d say I’m about 80% done!)
“Umno people are easy to appease”
20.Because I Love My Daddy So
102. Read Great Books about Brain Health. There are thousands of books available. I recommend some below.
Akov: Sounds lovely.
It was actually some of the navel-gazing generations that followed him
bare bones of winter
I love that life allows us the opportunity to constantly reflect and evolve; to recreate ourselves.
The point is, I've been making conscious decisions all with one goal .... lower my cholesterol. And I did! It is still higher than it should be, but my doctor sees the improvement and is giving me a year to keep at it and reassess. And while I was meeting with her I learned I was down NINE pounds! But you know what tops that?? After my shower and getting dressed today I had to grab a belt or my skirt was NOT staying up. I guess the fact that I bought a bunch of new clothes this weekend all a size smaller than before should have been a clue. .... I decided to weigh myself - which I never do dressed or with wet hair, but I did. TWELVE. My magic number. I've lost 12 pounds!! It wasn't even a goal to lose weight, and it happened. 12 minutes/12 pounds... interesting!
Little may have changed on the surface but I would be at the grocery buying milk, some cans of tuna, a bottle of vodka, perhaps some detergent and toothpaste and I'd see a couple laughing and teasing as they make their way into the aisles. And then a thought would come unbidden into my head. That could have been us. And I'd squash the idea quickly, vowing never to entertain such notions.
Acts 22:28
Did this catch your eye?
Such thought, that in it bound
I cannot see you clearly,
I am screams splintering the silence
Birmingham Small Arms Establishes Factory Branch at Nutley, New Jersey – article about Ted Hodgdon History and BSA
The world is a beautiful place and I love life! Most day, I feel like the most blessed woman on the planet, but this wasn’t always the way that I saw things. It’s not easy getting from pain and blame and negativity to a place of peace and radical acceptance, but I know that if I can do it, anyone can. So, let’s saddle up and ride and get to the other side, because the other side is a glorious place!
Daniel Wong and his buddies were celebrating 4/20 at the house of a friend when the feds showed up and busted them, took them into custody, and confiscated lots and lots of drugs (shrooms, ecstasy, pot, and a white powdery hallucinogenic substance) and several weapons (a Russian rifle, handguns, a plethora of ammunition). Well, that’s the first brow-raiser, there; perhaps those guns were legal and registered, but I always find people who insist on owning lots of weapons bizarre– people who insist on using drugs and owning lots of weapons are even more so.
remembering to be merciful
The Answer: Social Media
Don’t forget to check with your insurance company and car seat manufacturer. Some insurances replace car seats and some manufacturers will give you credit toward the purchase of a new seat or will exchange your damaged seat for a new seat.
“Why is he so special? We all went through the same thing! All we had to do was be smart. The stupid, uneducated, depressed types were the ones who didn’t survive.”
11. Do you remember that time 5 years ago when you were extremely upset? Does it really matter now?
(Tilda goes to dinner.)
1/4 cup chopped nuts (I used walnuts because they were already chopped)
Than mine, milky and faded.
6. I collect cookbooks. They're kind of taking over. Hubby likes them too.
He was said to be wearing a puffy black coat and a blue scarf.
Colonel Qaddafi is relentlessly anti-Israel, supports the most extreme factions in Syria and opposes the moderating influences of Jordan’s King Hussein and Egypt’s Anwar el-Sadat as part of his campaign of political expansion in North Africa. Qaddafi’s ambitions were strengthened early this year when he successfully invaded Chad, seizing an area believed to be rich in uranium ore. The war also meant more profit for Wilson, who has established his own trading company in Tripoli, known as Meprico, to supply Qaddafi’s army. Libya, relying on its estimated $25 billion in annual oil revenues, is a major purchaser of Soviet arms, and more than 5,000 Warsaw Pact military advisers are believed to be on duty with Qaddafi’s 60,000-man army. A former high-speed-communications and computer-technology expert in the C.I.A., Kevin Mulcahy was no innocent when he came forward about the way the export-import business had worked. He had gone into business with Wilson and Terpil at a high guaranteed income. Within three months, Mulcahy realized that his partners were routinely selling restricted military and communications gear. He himself offered to sell such sophisticated equipment as second-generation computer systems and coded communications machinery. Mulcahy did not hesitate in his talks with the authorities to acknowledge his own role in questionable activities, which included the sale of embargoed ammunition to South Africa. In all of these dealings, he says, he believed or wanted to believe that Wilson and Terpil were somehow part of a covert C.I.A. operation.
"Aww...she had a baby! How sweet! They moved? Who knew? I hope everything is going fine for them....."
Speaking of books, 2 lovely new bloggy friends are hosting their first linky parties! Since, I am hosting my first one too, I just had to link up!
But, I should probably back up.
But you know what else? Even in its unpredictability, life (and all its parts) means something significant.
and Pokémon Sapphire
Of our moral outrage
How to Grow A Novel: The Most Common Mistakes Writers Make And How To Overcome Them by Sol Stein
"See ya, dude." The kid started to jog to catch up with his friends.
Clive Pickering (Barnsley Independent Group) 665
idea of helping someone else to make a record, 'cos it's a
When I get up, I usually feel this urgency to grab pen and paper and get the thoughts written before I lose them. This morning was one of those days. I walked into the kitchen, poured myself a cup a coffee, poured my spouse a cup of coffee and said, “Don’t say anything to me.” He just smiled and nodded. He knew immediately what I would do next.
Pants Down Potluck Port Circle
The titles for episode for 10 and 11 are confirmed as official titles and episode 12 is yet TBC.
109) i’m gonna put this blind fold on, ok? and now i’m gonna sing you a song, and if you are still standing (or sitting) there when i’m done singing and I take the blind fold off, then that means that either you like my singing, or else you think i’m a hot stud and you want a date with me. ok, here I go… today i’m gonna be singing, “someone’s in the kitchen with Dina”
Weight: 140
*smile*
This is how I use to view math when I was in elementary school. There was one teacher that changed my mind about math.
Council completed a scheme whereby all ‘Free’ parking bays were converted to permit holder or paid for parking bays in the borough’s Controlled Parking Zones (CPZs). As a result of the changes made to the Mill Hill East CPZ, a proportionate level of displaced parking is occurring on both sides of Bittacy Hill on the outskirts of the CPZ boundary.
9. Exfoliate once a week. If you don't want to spend money on buying expensive body scrubs, you may use sugar instead to take off all those dead skin cells. Do it on the affected area such as back and buttocks.
02. Yes Sir, No Sir (dialogue) (00:23)
….apparently stands for Spa, which is where we were on Saturday! (although this acronym may not actually be true)
After some time in this practice, deeper joys began to express themselves. I felt more abundance radiate through my being. I felt more possibility. I started to allow myself to fully feel what the realization of my joys would feel like, how that would affect every aspect of my life and how it would touch everyone in my life. I let myself expand into the fullness of my heart's desires.
As the end of summer nears, it feels we're over the hill in the garden. We've had a pretty successful year, our first as "farmers". There have been successes, failures, but most of all, a lot of learning, with a growing list of improvements for next year.
the rooftops
Only time tells us what to do, we can think we are in control of time, but in reality, time is its own boss. Time dictates everything in our lives and if you say other wise you’re in denial. Nothing matters without time, there is nothing without time. Be it out clocks, our TV shows, our work, our school, or our lives. Time takes it all..
Honey/Agave nectar, to taste
But the Welsh are not as conquered as they seem, and the suffering in the countryside is rapidly turning to discontent. The murmurs of revolt may be Gwenhwyfar’s only hope for survival – and the last thing Cecily ever hears.
See the difference? Rather eye-opening.
Peter Amor takes his bow-tie to Elgoods, a brewery like you have truly never seen before, that's over 200 years old. The young whippersnappers who took it over are now in their fifth generation, and there's a lovely laid-back feel to Peter's brewery chat.
Friday: Grilled Cheese Sandwiches and Tomato Soup
One short year ago, the girls used to hide their phones inside their purses on their desks, and text with one hand; and guys in the back of the room leaned against the wall, baseball cap brim pulled down, and cradled the phone just below the edge of their desks. Now, they are unabashedly overt, nestling the phone in their laps or laying it in plain view on the top of the desk and texting “unobtrusively.”
Did you receive a green innocuous little green postcard from the city of L.A.? You might have mistaken it for a new years holiday card from your local dispensary. That it is not. It's your business tax renewal reminder. If you make money as an artist, consultant, photographer, street performer, chainsaw juggler or are some sort of independent person getting paid outside of a normal 9-5, guess what? If you be stacking up loot in the city of angeles, you gotsta hand over some of that chedda to Mr. V and the gang down on 1st & Main.
Looking down at her
One of the things I miss about living here is my friends back in England. We've been here 3+ years now and there are some people who have slipped down to just being FB contacts and some have dropped off my radar altogether**. My friend Al is a different matter though, whereas in England we would meet up probably once a week for lunch or minor (sometimes major) shopping and gossip incessantly, this has now been distilled into a weekly chat. I always make sure that that particular evening has no other plans or possible interruptions because we can and do chat for an hour or so, without necessarily discussing world peace or the latest political scandal, indeed if Si were to ask 'what did you talk about?' ( an unlikely scenario) I'd probably have to think hard to find something concrete to offer. Children and schooling inevitably get a look in, the whereabouts of our husbands always crops up (hers travels as much as mine) and Al's work but other than that...
If you don’t like this course, or for any reason, you can just ask for a refund within 8 Weeks and that’s it – your purchase is refunded, no questions asked.
-WR Chad Hall had a good day at camp, making a diving over-the-shoulder grab on CB Joselio Hanson in 1-on-1 WR vs CB drills. Hall also had a couple other nice grabs, but did muff one Henry punt.
I was very, very upset for several days - a day before the block, the day of, and the day following. This is my heart horse, the best partner a rider could ever hope or dream of having. It hurts to my very core to know that we've shared our last trail ride, we've done our last dressage lesson, we've run our last pace. I wish with everything inside me that things could be different.
Joffe M, Villard L, Li Z, Plowman R, Vessey M. A time to pregnancy questionnaire designed for long term recall: validity in Oxford, England. J Epidemiol Comm Health 1995; 49: 314-319.
For I know the plans I have for you," declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. Then you will call upon me and come and pray to me, and I will listen to you. You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. (Jeremiah 29:11-13)
With combined album sales of almost 125 million, Enrique Iglesias, Jennifer Lopez and Wisin Y Yandel are more than just superstars, they are some of the most dominant powerhouses in music today tallying countless chart-topping hits, sold out tours, and accolades from around the world. Known for their spectacular and engaging stage shows, each artist plans to give fans the ultimate summer concert experience.
And thus the New England Naughty Hog was born. Here's how you make one.
(‘) Its mcdium was Kunyarora. the son of Chit in,midomho of Nhohwe.
And now for the next yummy freebie!
Ranahan before you compete on Monday. The Zones for Juvenile and Senior
I went to Tokyo to meet my best friends to have a picnic last Sunday. And we went to Shinjuku Gyoen.
My recipe calls for just five ingredients: vinegar, oil, shallots, Dijon mustard, and salt. Taken alone these ingredients aren't so sexy, but when married they create a perfect culinary union. This weekend I'll be drizzling vinaigrette on some tender spring asparagus. Et toi?
I usually let the subject do their thing while shooting but I do actively give model direction. I think a photographer should be involved in the direction and should not hesitate to suggest variations of a pose or to look a certain way, etc. A good model/subject certainly makes things easy, but they cannot see what I am seeing through the lens and the slightest variations of body positioning and/or eye contact or looking away can make a difference. Marlo is really fantastic, with an incredibly fine sense of styling and and fantastic presence.
(And it's meant sweetly; it's not short 'for the love of God'. That has a somewhat different tone, no?)
The Boat That Sank, more like. Richard Curtis’ appalling comedy about a 1960s pirate radio station was noisy and busy and extraordinarily lengthy, but never funny. Not even once.
Now is the time of year that people are turning their attention to planning their crops and sewing seeds etc. A great way to join the ‘grow your own’ revolution is to build your own raised vegetable beds and Kebur Garden Materials can supply all the materials you need to do this.
Rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars … A very easy read but is definitely better the second time.
Bullying is becoming a wide-spread threat to Jewish and Israeli students across American college campuses. It is Anti-Semitism that is being disguised as “merely” being anti-Zionist or anti-Israel. Israel is being falsely smeared and portrayed as being an apartheid state on these campuses. Jewish and Israeli students are being out-right harassed, bullied, and even physically harmed in some instances. The colleges are doing little or nothing to protect these students.
The Troy Pork Store was founded in 1918 by Charles Komerz. It made its own sausage, pepperoni, liverwurst, salami—anything you could think of—and served local families and businesses, as well as those throughout the Capital District. But its greatest fame came, perhaps, from creating the tiny hot dogs distinctive to the Troy-Albany area. The mini-dogs were bought and sold by classic local restaurants such as the nearby Famous Lunch, which always bought its dogs from the Troy Pork Store. Don't know where they're going to get them now.
Outside of playing music, I do a little woodworking for a friend at his shop. I also enjoy going to see live music, Pilates, walking my dog, working on guitars, watching Treme, and most of all hanging with my wife.
THE GOLDEN RULE OF COUPONING
The theater in the movie is actually the donation drop dock of our sorting building and the kitchen side of our main building was used as the Confederate recruitment center.
I LOVE the way it turned out.
The similarities with telecoms are non-existent. Firstly, you can live without telephone service, sometimes for months at a time. Then there's the fact that it's fairly east to get hold of flat rate telephone service plans, but a lot harder to do it for electricity. A bored and snotty jackass like yours truly can be bothered to ask questions about how an ESCO goes about doing what its being paid to do (note I didn't say business model, because I'm not sure that it's supplying electricity that's making Ambit's founders rich). What are the odds than anyone else wants to?
When we grew up we realized that Boxing Day is a bank holiday. Boring. When we got even older and wiser, we further realized it's not even celebrated here in the States. Actually, I don't know if it's technically "celebrated" anywhere, but rather observed. (Although, if I were a banker, I'd sure celebrate a day off, not to mention a mention on calendars all over the world.) Which brings up good question: Why in the world is Boxing Day in my way every time I go to write my anniversary every time I get a new calendar? This kind of higher knowledge* helps keep me pretty humble, because I've yet to figure that out.
Coming back to the buses, lets face it, if those guys on top for so many years cannot perform, let those who want to and can run it take over. I think there are many people inSingaporecapable of running protected business. There is no competition at all.
3. BAGS UNDER THE EYES. More than anything, this is a sign of sleep depravation and is a sign someone needs more sleep. But, it is also a sign of not getting the vitamins and minerals you need. That’s why people assume vegetarians are like that. They assume they didn’t get enough protein and so they look like that (down there).
There are 14 ayaaths (verses) on Sajda (prostation).
1 association
Instead of frying the bean curd and yada yada, I just bought tofu puffs from my Pasar Segar (Fresh Market) and sliced in half.
It seems they must be floating there still,
To both my lovely wife and myself, salsa is a condiment that is frequently used to dip tortilla chips into, but is also employed to enrich the flavor of many foods. Regardless of how one uses salsa or how many additional spices and peppers are thrown into the mix, salsa is tomato-based.
A programme designed to tackle both the high energy prices currently faced by households and the amount of carbon emissions produced by domestic heating in poorly insulated homes. Such a programme could also function as a Keynesian economic stimulus. The programme could be partly funded by a one-off tax on energy companies.
- Edmund goes to bed at nine-ish every night, so I have a few hours (hours, people) of unoccupied time. My last school exam is tomorrow, so then my life will really feel...free. Or something. I'm hesitant to crowd the uninterrupted hours with too many activities because I know I need to seriously take a chill pill for a while. But at the same time, I don't want to always waste it away on re-runs of Supernanny. I need small happy projects that feed my creative bents without making a huge mess. Pinterest, here I come....
As an author, think of sending out your stories as being like going to a shoe shop. You look at all the shoes. You try on those you like the look of. Some don't fit; some don't look right; some you decide you don't like after all; some don't go with your outfit; some are lovely, but not what you need right now - super winter boots, but no use for a flashy party. The rejected shoes are not rubbish, they're just not what you need. It's the same with editors and stories. You might have written some totally brilliant high heels, but the maggots wanted new Converses.
Obama: ask all the guys i’ve killed if
The next menu in PhotoWall HD deals with bringing images and text into the app. You can take a photo, access your Camera Roll, and add text.
Vassilios G. Haramis, 56, New York, N.Y.
Too late to salve your wounds,
Finally, he arrived, changed out some rusted pieces and recharged my unit with coolant. And then he put freon in the air conditioner--hiyo! Anyway, the air was running fine for a while. Things were cool. Not frosty, but I didn't need to wring my pillow out at night in order to shuffle off to dream land.
Oh well, I'll share a card with you instead :-)
I have to check this again and can’t say much more about the Lederhosen scenes. Maybe also spanking or Schuhplatter or smooth finish Lederhosen in some of these. Quite funny nowadays. Good scene and I also like the hat. But can’t rate more than 2 for now.
I would note that they’re also incredibly drunk; the fall-on-your-ass-and-sing-from-the-gutters kind of drunk. I just got my first glimpse of one of these chaps as he stumbled from the cabin, got tangled in the privacy curtain, fell onto the other side of the train, then leapt back into the cabin with a cry as he suddenly remembered that it will automatically close and lock him out if he leaves. It won’t, by the way. It just looked as if he remembered that nonetheless. Fascinating. The best part of my passive observation, though, was when they had a slight chafe with the Gestapo-like border patrolman as he came across them smoking in the non-smoking compartment and without passports. It was lovely.
I can't really begin to put into words how incredible I felt when I found out that I was going to be released. I went from wanting to slam my head against the badly wallpapered walls to wanting to kick up my heels and do a little jig. I think the doctors and the nurses were starting to feel sorry for me. My mental health had really started to decline, and I was having a very hard time being locked up in what I considered to be a prison-like environment. Sure, I had some very wonderful nurses to keep me company and I had round the clock medical care in case something went wrong, but there's something incredibly difficult about being stuck in the same bed, in the same room for days upon days. I really tried to make the best of the situation, and I knew I was doing the right thing for my girls, but slowly I was finding myself sinking into a major funk--and after one particularly bad evening where I contemplated backhanding the night nurse and making a run for it, I was convinced that Antepartum room 3B was going to be the death of me.
Noble, romantic.
to read how they made their works of art,
This is a really great Springbank and one I would heartily recommend. It's not the usual flavor profile at all, but very lively and flavorful. Great stuff and it's still in good supply.
She loved talking to him, and didn't even have his home phone number, nor had been healthy. The Hawkeyes then visited #5 Penn State and shocked the dhs cedar rapids iowa in their home stadium 21-10. Many thought Penn State would use that as motivation is the dhs cedar rapids iowa, the dhs cedar rapids iowa an investment, so it's important to invest somewhere your home is bound to gain value over the dhs cedar rapids iowa of the dhs cedar rapids iowa of 2008 hit the dhs cedar rapids iowa and residents are still recovering from the dhs cedar rapids iowa of Iowa's territory.
One of my goals has been to quit buying all those packets of mixes and learn to make my own. It saves money and is better for my family and I.
For example, using a linear sequence from our above sample for the number 1 you would have 1,2,3,4,5,6,7, then 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 and then 1 through 30 etc.
Sam wished her sister would be nicer, but she had to admit Abby was right. Sam might have been only five, but she was sure she'd have some recollection of something so weird. After all, more and more other details were coming back to her about Fletching, things she had previously thought were dreams. A storybook village at the top of a mountain. You rode a cable car down to the crystalline, jewel-like water as aqua as her sister's eyes and as warm as a bath. It could change in an instant when a storm blew in, turning grey and angry and wild. She had loved it, even as a young child, for its moodiness and beauty. But she didn't remember anything at all about magical, talking dolls.
the incline before stopping and rolling back again.The drum got so big that it finally turned into a storage-tank of toxic debt that glowed like radio-active fuel-rods. It crept ominously downwards towards the town at the bottom of the hill.
Also of Canliterary note, Charles Foran won in the nonfiction category for his biography of Mordecai Richler, Mordecai: The Life and Times.
-the finger prick hurts almost worse than the donation itself
Still, even my own home here on earth has no comparison to the real home I have in Heaven, waiting for me at the end of time. And whether it's a mansion or apartment, a tent or an RV, doesn't much matter because of who I'll be with. You see, this world is not my real home, and for any Christian this is true. Our home is in heaven. And waht a family reunion we're going to have when at last we come home from this 'battlefield.'
lith developed in rollei vintage classic 1+7, 3 mins @20°C
I woke up in the morning feeling really happy and excited as I thought it was already Saturday morning. I thought that I could finally meet dardar. This was because I have night shifts on Fridays. Obviously I woke up thinking it was Saturday. Then reality hit me. It was still Wednesday morning! Total devastation. I realize how much I really miss my love. The 2 weeks of separation is probably the longest we have ever been apart.
Muhyiddin said the emergence of non-traditional security threats would destabilise the region if not checked. “These threats, which are transnational and trans-regional in nature, require collective and multilateral responses from all Asean member states and Dialogue Partners.
Our friends said, “Tell us when and where and we will be there.”
“Whatever…”
Just showing the revamped classes with some cute monsters :). And no, I’m not playing on Bera, it was just selected when I took the picture.
By Bonnie Harris
So back in February, I mentioned that I purchased parts to build a mash tun as Muckney Brewing's first step toward all grain. Well, this evening, after a quick trip to the hardware store, I finally finished building what I've affectionately dubbed "Mashie" (I'm still working on the name). Mashie has a capacity of 12 gallons and should easily do 10 gallon batches. For a lautering device, I've employed a steel braid by connecting both ends to a T-junction with barbed hose fittings and high-temp resistant zip ties.
The attack plays out like a microcosm of American military force in the later 20th Century. A fleet of helicopters, blaring “Ride of the Valkyries,” descends on a sleepy Vietnamese village at dawn. The impressive fleet gives way to a scene of children quietly playing in a courtyard. Then we hear the same music, far distant, swelling rapidly, before we ever hear or see the choppers. The American military does not sneak. It doesn’t need to. It steamrolls and presents, putting on a show for the natives it proceeds to slaughter, Kilgore ordering men to dress in trunks and get in the water while mortar shells are still going off around them.
For those DPRK scientists who survive the purge, I predict a long and painful stint in a "re-education" camp.
“This is a political issue, and it’s about much more than the security of children. It’s about how our society allocates it’s resources, and about how corporations encourage fears and capitalize on them. It is all the more interesting as we move from a period of unmatched prosperity and uncontrolled consumption to the era of financial uncertainty, peak oil, and global warming.
Kenny made five changes bringing back Gerrard from injury, Shelvey, Bellamy, Carragher and Downing, Andy Carroll was left at home. No doubt all this was with Wembley in mind but with Kenny’s team selection, although not in the league Rafa’s rotation, you don’t always know what he’s going to do so it’s pointless trying to speculate!
It's certainly interesting to read the accounts of how they came up with the trippy visual effects in the film--pouring milk through funnels--but who came up with the soundtrack? Better they should have gone with the guy who did the amazing score for THERE WILL BE BLOOD, or Wendy Carlos, or The Stooges' "We Will Fall." You can get by with being spiritual and non-alienating to atheists. But pick a hymn and you pick a fight.
It’s easy to see why the connection was made but I never saw it coming, #randomashell. It’s not exactly a classic like Sonic or Super Mario Bros. Which leads me neatly on to my point. It’s impossible to predict sometimes what is going to trend on Twitter or what reference to cult classics they will bring up next, #mixingitup. Ok so half of them are games, where you put odd words onto the end of film titles to have a giggle at for a while, #interactive, or something about a celebrity news story that I’m not interested in, I mean, I follow NASA for goodness sake, #massivenerd.
Somebody told me there’s always better for you
J: Hey Daniel, whats going on? Why did you tag me in this?
But when you need to mill rough cut boards—none of which are flat enough to run through a power planer and are too wide for a power jointer—it's time to break out the handplanes and play some workout music.
When I was finally done slicing, I sprinkled the apples with cinnamon and sugar and poured the mixture into a pan to cook. I’ve never heard of sautéing apples for a pie, and I’m sure my grandma would be opposed to this “highfalutin” step. But I wasn’t about to argue with the recipe. By the time the kitchen was filled with an apple-cinnamon scent no candle could ever imitate, they were done. I added a little flour and lemon juice and spooned it into the crust.
I actually made these a couple of weeks ago,
We’ve gotten through other ‘stuff’ too—again, via a conscious choice to do so. We’ve drawn lines in the sand and made up our minds to agree to disagree on certain subjects. We’ve learned to joke about topics that were very hot a few years ago (not that we agree on them either and probably never will).
There were other pictures too, either too strange to recognise or gone too fast to place, but Rel pushed his groaning brain through the haze and confusion, chasing Rissad. His eyelids tightened, fighting to close against his flagging drive to keep Seeing. Then he caught Rissad’s trail in a glimpse of the man walking through a ruined city. By the language on the signs, not old Federas.
The key concept here is passive income, which is money you get from your investment returns. You can work for the rest of your life, or you can retire early and have your money work for you. Forget all the calculus, integration and differentials, the most important formula you’ll ever learn in high school is the compound interest formula. The most important factor here is not the starting capital or the growth rate … it’s the time/term. You have to start early to truly see the benefits. Assuming you have the chinese market growing at 30%, invest one dollar and after three years you’ll have two dollars. Leave it there for ten years and you’ll have thirteen.
Some have mentioned that taking pictures of prostitutes is a little weird and I am glorifying or demeaning this practice. Well, not really, and if my naysayers take a moment to peek at the world around them they might learn something about their fellow human being. Although i do not participate in this profession i have gained a lot of insight by casual conversation and realize anyone different is not that far removed from you or i. Nope, not stopping, not going to give in.
I believe, on the one hand, that the emergency power of the President had ceased not in May 1946, when Congress held its regular sessions, as Mr. Justice Tuason and Mr. Justice Feria maintain, but on June 9, 1945, when Congress convened in a special session to consider general legislation. The emergency contemplated in Commonwealth Act No. 671, is “total emergency” which means the state of actual war involving the Philippines, with the impending invasion and occupation of our country by the enemy and the consequent total disorganization and paralyzation of the Government, principally, the impossibility for the National Assembly to act. This was the only reason and justification for the total relinquishment of legislative power by Congress in favor of the Chief Executive under Commonwealth Act No. 671. Such relinquishment was total because the emergency was also total. Clearly, therefore, the inability of Congress to act was the soul of the law, and the moment such inability ceased, the total emergency also ceased and the law likewise ceased to validly exist. On June 9, 1945, the Congress of the Philippines convened in a special session “to adopt such measures as may be necessary to meet the existing emergency” and “for the purpose of considering general legislation.” I hold that from that date, June 9, 1945, Congress was able and ready to act on all matters, and the emergency powers delegated to the President in Commonwealth Act No. 671, naturally ceased to exist.
As I was traversing the park, I noticed a few people rambling like they had no particular destination. Some students were also reviewing their notes. Some were reading hardbounds in mental comfort under the shades of the trees. Some were doing uninterrupted shutter executions through their D-SLR cameras. There were also couples spending quality time with each other and corporate guys, just like me, trying to get rid of unwanted echoes that interfere the signals on our radar screens.
Time to get away
It was passed unanimously by the House that:
28. Eva Alone (dialogue) (00:10)
2 anticipated
- Republican Mike Grimm, former Marine and FBI agent, defeated Democratic Rep. Michael McMahon for the U.S. House seat that represents all of Staten Island and part of Brooklyn. According to MyFoxNY, Grimm took the seat once held by fellow Republican Vito Fossella, who didn't seek reelection two years ago after a DUI arrest lead to revelations that his fathered a child in an extra-marital affair.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen,
A lot has changed for us in the last six years, but a lot has stayed the same.
Another of the most enduring myths about the present conditions of the world is the so-called “post-industrial” turn and the emergence of “immaterial labor” as supposedly embodied by the meteoric rise of the “virtual economy” amidst the slump in the real productive economy.
–Chicago SlutWalker
Add in oil, banana and vanilla to the dry ingredient, stir until well incorporated.
Direct action is a dramatic event, and it reflects a deep issue underlying our society: who has the power, and when does this change. Power lies with the people, with the general public. In a political dictatorship, then, where some group has grabbed power, the people have the right to rise up against them, including through the tactics of direct action and perhaps even armed rebellion, if the dictators are waging war against them. (In Burma, numerous groups are fighting the military junta that rules the country.)
The front of the console is a smorgasbord of hardware delights.
I think you can guess the next bit!
1 diced Chipotle + 1 Tbs. adobo sauce
During the 1970s, and after his return to the UK from Australia in 1991, Murray has been often in the United States on speaking engagements and two of his best-known books, Jonathan Edwards: A New Biography(1987) and Revival and Revivalism: The Making and Marring of American Evangelicalism 1750-1858 (1994), reflect his close interest in American church history. While authoring several biographies (John Murray, A.W.Pink and John Wesley), Iain Murray’s main intention has been to use history to recover commitment to the doctrines of Scripture, particularly the doctrines of grace. He did this first in The Forgotten Spurgeon (1966), and again in Pentecost—Today?The Biblical Basis for Understanding Revival (1998). More general is his Evangelicalism Divided: A Record of Crucial Change in the Years 1950 to 2000 (2000), which, despite its controversial nature, became one of his best-selling hardbacks. Almost all his titles have been published by the Banner of Truth and remain in print.
seasons!
in my HEART OF DARKNESS:
Are you seriously asking if a grown man dealing with a divorce and an alienated child has the same need of help as a 16 year old girl who is making money to support a junkie boyfriend by whoring?
It is also a story of relationships, the giving of oneself to another, but at what cost? And for what reasons? This is also a tale of England nostalgically coming to terms with life post World War One, of subtle melancholic references to their obviously homosexual relationship together and of reflections of better times. We know the outcome of Francis’ journey into madness before our journey begins and the genuine remorse that our narrator must feel becomes even more pertinent as he observes and fights the deepening madness and depression of his lover.
Proudest DIY: Our dining room table that we built together was a great project. Finding the kitchen sink in Massachusetts was exciting. But maybe building the garden… When we “moved in” the house was not actually near being finished. We diverted our attention to the garden for a while. We used the old bricks from the back of the house to build a retaining wall and planting beds and used bluestone window sills from the back of the house to top them off. The two of us transported 25,000 pounds of soil, stone and mulch one bag at a time through the house to the garden. It was a labor of love.
This letter, written before Lee’s passing on July 1, was also posted on the site by David Fritz, president of cruises:
So I’ve decided to scrap that challenge all together and take a different approach for May keeping a few things in mind:
the Laser Flash Gun and is “rumored” to have been
So, to continue with detective fiction, firstly with the novels of Nicholas Blake , the pseudonym under which Cecil Day Lewis penned detective novels. His prime detective is Nigel Strangeways, based originally, according to Wikipedia, on the poet W. H. Auden. He’s rather effete I thought when I recently reread one of the books The Widow’s Cruise it was. Still the books are civilised and quite readable.
Following My Paint Brush by Dulari Devi and Gita Wolf (Tara Books Pvt. Ltd, 2010). Following My Paint Brush is the story of Dulari Devi, a domestic helper who went on to become an artist in the Mithila style of folk painting from Bihar, eastern India (Grade 5 & under).
I needed an undergarment for my new sweater dress which hugs my curves a little too well. However, it was Sunday night when I decided this, and in Marshall’s all I could find was Spanx.
A little depressed.
Goals for this Week: Have fun!
cargo volume in my car= 65.3 cu ft/ 1.85 cu metres
This card is interesting and a bit harder to read in this position. It shows power and creativity which leads me to believe that you're feeling empowered with your writing. I don't see a lot of fears right now but I sense some in you.
Tommy now had a decision to make. Would he shrink back into oblivion in embarrassment, or would he use this new fame to his advantage?
Preheat the oven to 200°C and butter your baking tin. Separate the eggs and whisk the whites with a pinch of salt until it forms stiff peaks. In another bowl mix the egg yolks and sugar until pale and fluffy (with a handheld mixer for about 5 min) and add the butter. Sift the flour, cocoa and baking powder and add to the mixture. When the dough gets too thick add the rum and milk. Now gently fold in the stiff egg whites. Bake for around 30-40 minutes. Rotate the tin after half the baking time so it will bake evenly. If it gets too dark on the top cover it up with baking paper for the last 15 minutes. Let cool and cut into 3 layers. Place the sponge layers in the fridge for about 10-15 minutes before you assemble the cake. Cook the custard according to packet instructions and leave to cool. To make the butter cream the butter until pale and fluffy, add the sifted icing sugar, mix some more, then add the cold custard and cinnamon powder. Spread an even amount of the icing between the layers, stack the cake and apply a thin layer on the the outside. Place in the fridge to chill before you apply the rest of the icing layer. Brush the malt balls with the gold dust and place on the the top and sides of the cake.
Before we get into the eleven principles, let’s first talk about intimacy because this
in contact with somebody in your family. The only
Someone had broken a Corelleware plate the day before and I must have picked up a fragment in my sock that morning. During the walk, it had worked itself through the thick sock and suddenly into my foot. I'm so glad it happened AFTER I'd gotten home! I think I've gotten it out, but it still hurts sometimes, so I may not have. The piece was so tiny I couldn't see it, just feel the sharp little edge. And couldn't grip it to save my life.
If Congress had been aware of the extent of the Fed rescue, Kaufman says, he would have been able to line up more support for breaking up the biggest banks.
Having given few examples of African Churches’ involvement in global missions, it is important that European mission agencies and organisations recognise and possibly partner with these African Churches in working together for God’s kingdom on earth. Gone are those days when Europe and North American mission organisations can claim the monopoly of world missions. This shift in global mission must be recognised and co-operation is needed on both sides to work together. Let us drop our agenda of doing it alone and work as partners in reaching the unreached!
Doctor: I see you're wanting an abortion.
5) Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? Would you be willing to spend a night alone in a house that is supposedly haunted?
The Paper Craft industry is overflowing with Chipboard products inspired from cameos to gears. They can be distressed,painted, misted, inked, crackled, embossed, covered with paper,stamped on and oh so much more!
5. Zhang Dali at Walsh Gallery, Chicago
Seriously, I know we are all good parents and parenting does not have to be that hard and heart wrenching, it is I think about how we put ourselves in their shoes kind of things and with loads of prayers and I am sure all of us will succeed.
Make Me Iconic
When Decker is finally relieved of command of the Enterprise, he hops into a shuttle and drives the small craft right into the mouth of the planet killer. Sulu notices that this act slightly damages their enemy, so Kirk ends up piloting the Constellation into the maw of the massive ship, destroying it.
Conference president Garry Frank described the document as “the unanimous statement of the officers of the Conference of District Attorneys,” and confirmed that the executive board reviewed Nifong's handling of the entire case.
Please click here to watch the re-conquesta of Catalonia at The Death of the Grown Up. Warning you will find the video depressing, but it is one you need to watch.
"Actually, I made up the previous statement.
Each summer, the 71st Precinct hosts a family day picnic in Lefferts Park (Albany and Lefferts Aves), to celebrate unity in Crown Heights. This year, the event is this Sunday June 5th, and will also serve as the kick-off event for the Crown Heights’ Summer of Celebration series of events. The picnic will host the Crown Heights Connects resource fair, a project of The Crown Heights Community Mediation Center's LTI program to help connect residents with local organizations and help create meaningful connections for people wanting to help people.
One of my favorite things to do in the summer is to pour my coffee,
When sexy HSN vendor and “Top Chef” judge Padma Lakshmi was pregnant, she was totally mum about the paternity of her baby. Now the whole world knows.
