They were arrested after worried neighbors in Chernovtsi, Ukraine, called police.
Please Note: Amazon states that you can cancel subscribe and save at any time, including right after the order has shipped. So if you do not intend to continue having them automatically delivered, cancel the subscribe and save soon after your shipment arrives so you do not forget! Do not cancel before your order ships though as it will cancel your current
It did not occur to us that we were doing anything special; we had not learned that death was final when it did come.While Alice was in college, she got a telegram asking her to hurry home, Mr. Sweet was dying. She made it in time, but this time there was no bringing him back. He was really gone. Such a tender story! And such an affirmation that "I did not need to be perfect to be loved. No one does." Mmm...
circle stitching
Hi - I'm Val of Flissy's Crafty Haven. I have been married for 38 years, with two grown up sons, and three cats - an old lady Persian who is now 18 years old, and two naughty boy Chincillas. I live in a small village in Hampshire, southern UK.
Average monthly return: +2.14%
GM CEO Akerson has driven his own Chevy Volt more than 3,000 miles, with the Volt consuming only one gallon of gas.
easy-going attitude.
Now on to some blog candy. I have some amazing sponsors for this hop. I am so grateful to have such wonderful friends in the crafting world. I think it is so wonderful that there are so many generous companies out there. I want to say a special "Thank You" to each and every one of you. I really appreciate it.
2. Ask your stakeholders … and listen. Reach out with surveys, focus groups and interviews to learn what mobile services and features your various stakeholders really want.
These increasing prices for NLG UL policies have led to a newer UL product, age limited NLG. In these policies, the guaranteed benefit ends at a set age selected by the client, typically 90 or 95 years old. The premiums for these age limited policies are lower than for those without age limits, with the difference ranging from 5 to 20 percent.
These bee look a-likes are actually flies and don’t have a stinger or anything cool that could inflict pain. It all adds up to easy money. Plus, these flies hover in one spot a for a long time, plenty of time to dramatically sneak up on this scary beast and impress the kids.
-3/4 teaspoon salt
The epaulettes of Commanders to be plain.
-Post pregnant stomach and enormous nursing boobs suck.... totally depressing
Steve Wynn's goal for his second solo LP, Dazzling Display, was for the songs to have a cinematic feel, and in turn for those songs to give the record the pacing of a fine film. This resulting audio film that Wynn has created is lyrically and musically dense, owing to the cinematic and literary works that sparked his writing. A cover of French filmmaker/ songwriter Serge Gainsbourg's "Bonnie And Clyde," featuring Concrete Blonde's Johnette Napolitano, perhaps best represents that mood/sound upon which Wynn was focusing. In the moments when Wynn's lyrical scenarios are stark and cool, his music offers itself as a rich and seductive companion, never acting as a backdrop for the vocals, its nervy guitars and kitchen-sink instrumentation providing a tempting dialogue for Wynn's wit and anger. In this sense, Display is clearly more Rock Art than Art Rock. Dazzlers: "Drag," "When She Comes Around," "Dandy In Disguise" (with John Wesley Harding) and "405."
-getting a giant ice pack taped to said arm from above and then having two immobilized arms.
I called the parents on Christmas day. I hadn't gotten a period so we pretty much knew what to expect. I dipped the stick and almost immediately it changed to positive. Both parents were of course ecstatic. Those first few weeks are so nerve wracking. We were onto yet another next step, but of course we still had more waiting to do. I tested everyday just to make sure it was STILL positive. We got the first blood test results back (which was taken at 4 weeks of pregnancy) and the levels were at 265. That's a good amount, but what we really needed to see was it going up. The next blood test was at 5 weeks of pregnancy. These hormone levels were through the roof at a whopping 3816!!! Woo! Those are wonderful numbers! That left us with the nagging question of is it one or two??? Not only were those numbers quite high for a singleton pregnancy, but I was also beginning to show already! I had to keep reminding myself that it had only been a year since I had my youngest daughter and this is also my third pregnancy. My body may respond a lot quicker this time. The questions were just killing me! The unknowns and the what ifs. It was really nerve wracking. It feels so nice to actually KNOW something. Seeing that one amniotic sac on the ultrasound screen really washed away all the stress that I had been feeling. It has been a long few months waiting and more waiting, but now we are finally here!
Before I took the first sip I amused myself with the idea that most men’s wives worry that there is a woman in the hotel room with their husband away on business. My wife instead is concerned with how much money I am going to spend on beer.
She's my latest to be be coloured with my DI'S and I'm more pleased with her lol,
Our website is still under massive attack and keeping it online is causing enormous strain on the time and resources of our internet department. It could crash again at any moment.
Please shed the silence with me,
Garlic pods - 7-8
Probably my favorite thing about using a digital program was how easy it was for me to throw some GOOD pages together. Over the years of having kids I have found that my hobby took a back burner because getting my stuff out, or packing it up to go somewhere just took too long. Playing with this program the past week......I did so while sitting on the couch, catching up on DVR and still spending time with the husband. I never had to worry about not having something that I needed because I was either using already put together kits, or just finding cute stuff on the website. The program itself is priced WAY less than it should be, and adding on extra stuff is only a few bucks. There is also TONS of free stuff to add into the program. I used a lot of those kits too. All that and no mess to clean up? Yes please.
34.2%: Households That Receive Either Food Stamps, Subsidized Housing, Cash Welfare Or Medicaid. ( The Wall Street Journal , 10/5/11)
“Maybe. Your attitude could use some adjusting.”
Second, though veterinary professionals are in the business because they love animals, they also have a job to do, and the longer any procedure takes to accomplish the more stressful it is for the pet, the owners, and the staff. So, in the back, though your pet will be handled with respect and care, it may not be handled with the same loving kid gloves that you yourself use. If the situation calls for it, cats will be scruffed, dogs will be muzzled.
I boxed them all up and left them in my room so each time I went to my moms house I could grab a couple instead of trying to figure out how to get them all out at once. If there is something you have a large quantity of like this, I definitely recommend moving them in increments to save your back the stress.
Jonah’s been punished this week. He lost the privilege of watching television along with playing video games for a week. Due to his punishment, he awoke Monday morning sad. He moped as he got ready for school not saying much to me and I don’t blame him. I handed down a pretty harsh sentence. Off to school he went. When he arrived home at the end of the day he asked if he could go outside and play. I was completely surprised and thrilled to hear his friend was coming over to play. He, his sister and a bunch of kids from the neighborhood played outside for about four hours. They only came in to quickly eat dinner and dash back out to play. My husband was surprised to see the activity in our cul-du-sac. When asked, Jonah said he was sad he couldn’t watch tv and play video games, but he was still having fun. Go figure.
Despite his historical accomplishments as an abolitionist, Frederick Douglass hasn’t made this list for that. Rather he is here as a representative of the thousands of hard niggaz who had the heart to take the perilous journey from the South to the North in eluding Slavery, a decision that obviously most of our forefathers didn’t make. Ironically, Douglass recalls in his “My Escape from Slavery” that the closest he got to being caught during his exodus was by a fellow Negro who seemed tempted to rat him out.
So last night after I finally got them all to bed and asleep, I pulled out my stash and went to work like the little Valentines fairy I had turned into. I pulled out all the red, white and pink balloons from the party mix bags I bought. The plan had originally been to blow them ALL up and cover the apartment with balloons. About 3 balloons into that plan, I nixed it. I ended up with 4 each of red, pink and white. Good enough, right? haha! I taped the balloons and the silver and red sparkly garlands to the bedroom doors. I tied the balloon bouquets to each of their beds. I laid out the gift bags all pretty on the table for them to wake up and discover.
Title: FALLING FOR THE FIREMAN
Kim, who said his video made his family proud and drew attention to his work as a Los Angeles-based comedian, said he thinks Ali and Sugano should have been invited.
I just used scraps of paper trimmed to slightly smaller than 8cm x 8cm, and, after finishing it, decided that the brown square was a little dull, so I added the green Thickers for our name. They're all old scraps, but if you're interested (clockwise from top right) WeR Memory Keepers, Crate Paper, WeR Memory Keepers, KaiserCraft, Scenic Route, WeR Memory Keepers, My Mind's Eye, WeR Memory Keepers.
“Is patience the most important quality that an American man needs if he wants to be with a Latina?
My next novel, BRAVE NEW GIRL is out on November 3rd published by Frances Lincoln. It's funny and warm. Honest.
I've been meaning to update you on the hexagon progress (good), but I have no photos. I feel a sense of having let down the blog but I'm never home in daylight. It's dark grey dawn when we pull out of the farm, too early even for the dog to have done much but stumble out of bed and gaze blearily at me as I whisper goodbye nothings about rabbits in his ear. Uhhnh, says the dog. I know how he feels.
I'm afraid.
In a video portion of the same story, Dr. Paul Ragan of Vanderbilt University states that risk for violent behavior among individuals with PTSD may increase if symptoms are severe and left untreated, if other psychological issues- such as depression- are present, and if the person is using drugs or alcohol. Another factor is exposure to previous violence, such as child abuse or domestic violence. But even that will not a violent person make. Much, I believe, comes down to a person’s nature and character. If anything, a person with severe PTSD is more prone to hurt his or her self, rather than someone else. This disorder can leave a person emotionally numb, which often leads to social isolation. In severe cases, deliberate self-harm or even suicide offers what seems to be the only relief from a personal hell. I know…I’ve been in that place.
From the findings of Lam’s report, it is clear that students (61.2%) think sex education is necessary and desire a change in the sex education curriculum to include issues related to self-development. The most interesting topic for students’ inquiry is self-understanding (86.6 %) followed by personality development (82.2%) and development of self-concept (81.8%). Although a high percentage of students are knowledgeable about HIV related issues and the risk of unprotected sex, knowledge seems to have little impact on the attitudes towards condom use. From these findings it becomes apparent that secondary students are concerned with sexuality, self-identity and sexual behavior, but it is also apparent that the sex education curriculum has become inadequate to meet students’ needs, especially in the time of HIV/AIDS.
A. influx of immigrants to the west coast.
As the coolness of one shoreline surrounds it completely…
From the description, it doesn't sound too hard to make, in fact, I would say it's quite simple. So when I had some time last weekend, I was determined to make this. I have never made nougatine before, so I also learned something here. I used chiffon type cake as the base, made pastry cream with lots of rum, simple coffee buttercream, and the peanut nougatine. Making the nougatine was pretty straight forward but it did take me a long time chopping the peanut and the nougatine in pieces. I tried to use food processor but it just grind it into a fine powder, which I did not want, so I chop it manually with a knife.
As I watched the waitress pour me a Kenwood Cabernet, a woman came over and asked if I have been helped, then asked my name and if I had been here before. She introduced herself as Karolyn and took my order.
Your product will also go into the "hall of fame" (where we are now, under the Giveaways tab) where the product, link to your blog, and the lucky winner will remain posted forever (or as long as this blog is alive)
Obviously, there is some news value in the first public statement by a desperately private public figure. My astonishment is in the amount of attention that was laid upon a 15-minute prepared address, in which Woods didn’t exactly shock the world.
“‘Come now, let us reason together,’ says the Lord, ‘Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool.’” Isaiah 1:18
This is at least the third cheesecake I made in just a month (this was made a few weeks ago) and that surely is a lot of cream cheese. What I love about making cheesecake is that (given that you understand the basic method of making a good cheesecake), they're pretty straight forward, it is very versatile, you can modify it all you want and they will come out good, and it's always a crowd-pleaser. It takes longer for cheesecake to bake, and more time resting in the fridge, but technically, there's nothing you need to do really at those time, unlike the multi-component cakes which takes a few days to finish due to the many complicated components that go inside the cake.
L
Do vacuums really kill spiders? Or have I set a spider death trap in the basement, and my poor husband will go downstairs to empty the central vac thingy and instead be attacked by the spiders I have sucked up?
International or local titles released in 3D accounted for a small but growing slice of world 3D box office in 2010. Globally, 3D screens generated 19.3 percent of worldwide box office.
Just sneaking in here with a mid challenge post for you all. We are having a DT call!! I am looking to add a few new members to our team. So just take a look below and see if this may interest you.
February 4, 2011 Clip No. 2793
Just another sad chapter in this violent war that has raged for the last 46 long years.
OKAY. SO. As much as I'd love to keep this secret to myself, I love you guys THAT much that I'm going to share it with you. Consider it my easter gift. If you live in Melbourne scoot your kabooses over to Victoria St. Go to the centre where Woolworths & Aldi hang out. Ride the escalator upstairs. Walk into the Japanese Daiso supermarket. Allow a few minutes of recovery after your brain implodes at the sheer awesomeness of this place. Everything is $2.80 (equivalent to 100 yen) & it is a world of fun.
Women's clothes, mostly size M to XXL
Use a knife to loosed the marshmallow from the edges of the pan. Invert the slab onto a work surface. Cut into piece and dust again with more coating. Eat 'em up!
8 TBS raspberry jam, stirred to loosen
The whites will not be the aggressors, they'll be the defenders, the survivors, just like in the days of Blood River, which is why the whites will survive.
Wednesday - Deer Back Strap, English Peas, Corn, and rolls
I like the new church. But the “get-to-know” you part is painful, vulnerable, and a mine-field of potentially awkward questions. Which in a small town you are expected to answer. My mother told me this week that she believes I am a “bruised person”–that whether people mean well or not, any contact hurts right now. I guess I would have to agree. The people are nice there, but I find myself tearing up in their midst at the pain of being apart from my kids.
Rather than join in the gluttony (well, rather than join in it right _then_), I drove up to the Rim country yesterday--about 90 miles north of Phoenix, 50 south of Flagstaff. That's where the Pinon (there's a tilde over the first "n" in Pinon, btw, but I haven't figured out how to insert one and am too lazy to go find out)/Juniper woodland begins, and thus the closest place in which to cut greenery for the family Advent wreath.
It took 2 coats of spray paint and a little touch up on a couple spots I missed.
This next outfit wasn’t as girly and ‘free’ as the first one, I felt it had more confidence about it, which would be shown through the poses she’s do. I felt that with this dress. the poses should have more attitude. Therefore I got her to pose on an open road to portray her confidence. I also got her to lie on a ‘keep clear’ sign, which would show attitude and confidence, however, I think I would have had to have directed her to do a more confident pose for that technique to have worked better and more successfully.
1a.m. approached too quickly and it was time to leave the venue and make our way to the after party. We wait for a cab. Vinnie sits on the ground, leaning against the wall, right next to me. We’re chatting; joking. I leaned down to listen to what he said and he pulled me down to sit with him. To the exponent of aggressive, I guesstimate my chances at 80%.
If you are speaking specifically about NSW, it happens that NSW, for reasons that have nothing to do with the state government, generates a lot of funding applications. It would seem that a lot of artists and writers live in NSW.
‘There are strange things here,’ said Gilbert. He searched his pockets for a cigarette. There was only one. I had tobacco and cigarette papers, so I made one for myself and one for the old man. He examined it carefully.
Where – Victoria & Albert Museum, SW7 2RL
(Cask ale only; not exported to the USA)
Winner: Hardknott, with the twitter presence, the blog and now an online shop. World domination is next.
With “99 Red Balloons” to the “Milky Way”…
She's nearly all stripped down to nothing and we'll be rebuilding her basically from scratch. Yeah. Wish us luck. LOL
The Ascendancy of Gold
I stamped the Halloween fence by Magnolia all around on the acetate. This cute little witch is also a Magnolia stamp from the new "So Spooky Collection".
Dimitra
We have never, ever been better setup for a new term in Children’s Ministry, Worship and Hospitality. Interesting, this is the first time we didn’t have some special activity or event to raise awareness, welcome new volunteers, cast vision… that kind of thing. Most of this setup has happened through personal relationships, sharing the need, the opportunity one on one, through the normal course of church life and discipleship. So, this is remarkable on two levels. One that we have that level of communication going on through the body. And, two, that we are actually setup before the term starts.
It is very me and my header now has all three of my littles on it.
Cardstock: Bazzil Basics
Indeed, the most interesting thing from Silver’s horse race type of analysis is probably the variables that have norelationship with vote outcomes. And while these may also be the result of random noise, there is one that is worth mentioning, which is unemployment.
The rule must be equal airtime for all mayoral candidates.
Time to go now and start on Easter. Happy crafting to all.
Thanks, Mom.
The line between “happy” and “holy crap” is a mere half-glass thick, as I experienced shortly after the event.
You have been my rock, my sister and my friend. You have been there for me when no one else was. You could have me breaking a smile while my insides were full of pain, hurt and neglect. To me you mean the word. Back in high school 2001, when we first met you shone out of the croud.. No matter where we were we'd always be together. I wiped your tears in some of the hardest times in your life and you wiped mine. You'd skip a class if you knew I was hurting just to hold me, to comfort me and to promise you'd always be there. Our friendship remained as I moved states. Letters from you would fill my heart with love while others left me wanting to come back and hold you so tight. From day one my heart took you in and although we lost contact it never let you go. I'm so blessed to have had you beside me through Matt and my break ups, Nevaeh's birth, our 21st but most of all my wedding! I only hope you one day realize that God was the one who placed us into each others lives. The months I'd wish for guidance struggling with an alcohol addicted father it wasn't by coincidence or luck that you became a part of me but by a higher being, by the creator of my heart.. and for that I'm internally grateful each and every day. I love you!
When I mentioned this item of news to the manager of the safari camp, he grinned like an alligator:
In Fjordman’s opinion, Sweden is more of a basket case than any other European country. Caught in a self-destructive spiral of immigration, high taxation, welfare spending, and denial, it faces a looming catastrophe.
Q. How much of an effort is it for you to hold back from saying something, critical or otherwise? What have you learned about your spouse today, simply from listening?
I am trying to decide if I need to go back and place pin it buttons on old posts? If you use Pinterest can you please leave a comment and let me know if you prefer the pin it button on each post? Any advice is welcome. Thanks so much, Mama King
Sharon had a Mario cake pan from when her son was a little boy. So we changed the colours to look like Luigi.
Gosh, no one could have predicted Georgia invading Ossetia.
Too bad they couldn’t have held on a little longer until the next “weekend of miracles” so a greedy “anointed” faith healer could lay hands on them and convince them that there is guaranteed physical healing in the Atonement.
“Still,” I interjected, “pre-millenial clothing was so simple; so easy to read.”
UPDATE: 10th March, 2011. The Irish Times continues with what seems like a series of essays on the subject of upward rent reviews and today the Head of Investments and a director of agents, Lisney, Anne Hargaden gives her views on the matter. She starts her essay with an attack on “ill-conceived arguments presented through the media” and then goes on to make what must be the most vacuous arguments you are likely to hear on the subject (1) She attacks government’s interference in property rights disregarding the fact that governments constantly interfere in rights of citizens and companies all the time and she might consider that fact the next time she sees people having a cigarette outside their offices (2) She produces calculations which show that a 30% reduction in rent will have a, er 30% reduction in capital values (3) She claims that Irish citizens and banks and pensions are exposed to property and will be disadvantaged by reductions in rent (4) She says that existing commercial arrangements should see landlords willing to reduce rents when the tenant is at the point of insolvency and (5) Using wonky arithmetic (20% of 5% is 1%, not 2%) she claims that rent is but a small part of a retailer’s cost base and insolvent businesses which produce vacated premises will soon be filled again. It is to be hoped that the property industry does not let this woman near ministerial offices if it wishes to moderate the effect of the manifesto pledge – “ill-conceived argument”, highly-selective facts and wonky arithmetic will not impress.
After two wonderful years working at the top home furnishing store Perch on Magazine Street in New Orleans, Valorie announces that she has left the shop, to do her own decor, styling, and event design projects, as well as working on her writing assignments and her book "New New Orleans Style (New NOLA Style)", and of course writing her ever popular blog, Visual Vamp.
Jinja Safari
And it left me with that same shitty feeling as wasting hours facebook stalking random wedding photos. Brain cluttered, slightly nauseated, majorly disappointed in my fellow humankind but mainly in myself for having even gone there.
Rape Percentage - 50% (2 references in 4 issues)
West Midlands Police and the Crown Prosecution Service have apologised for accusing the makers of a Channel 4 documentary of distortion.
over medium high heat. Add the leeks, garlic and turkey and cook, stirring until the
Sometimes you just gotta step back and have your hair done.
2.San Antonio Spurs
Besty!!!
Fuck yeah Mayhem
time but because they’re metal, they held up pretty well over the years. Even though the front of our house faces North and doesn’t get direct sunlight (just from the sides), you can see how the original house color has faded quite a bit from what is under the shutters. We actually got these down before we got sick
I haven't been very good so far about replying to my comments. And I haven't put up a blog roll or fleshed it out in any way. It's a new room with a fresh coat of paint and lots of windows and I have a table and a chair there, pen and paper, cup of coffee, and space enough. Would you come to visit? Perhaps I'll even make pie.
A few days after Estrada was ousted, the Philippine Star reported that Lim “urged all officials and employees of the DILG and its attached agencies to extend all-out support to the Arroyo administration.” Lim, who served as Manila mayor from 1992 to 1998, sought to reclaim his old post in that year’s elections but lost to incumbent Lito Atienza.
Dan use of philosophical thinking to analyze this complex network and your inner thoughts，clear and wise！
I have been considerate and good,
While I did this exercise, I realized that I forgot about a lot of the good things I have done. It’s as if I decided to only remember the bad times of my life. My mind can easily rehearse all of the wrong turns, wrong words, wrong thoughts, wrong ideas, wrong everything that existed for me. However, I began to remember awards, changes in attitudes, completions of tough challenges, and right decisions (whether on time or late). I recalled wonderful feelings in my life that were connected to things that I have done. I felt so proud. I am so thankful I did that.
I think I mentioned earlier, that there are only about 3 acres of this hop anywhere in the world. There just isn't that much of it to go around. I was in our hop freezer this afternoon, and we have a solid 250 lb bale. I think that's it. Total. End of story.So, for the moment, anyway, SN has cornered the market on this hop, and will own the characteristic flavor it imparts. What is Citra's lineage? In a small article in the Hop Science Newsletter (.pdf) they're described this way:
Mr. Cole’s crew members made it into China and were rescued. Mr. Griffin and the rest of the crew on plane No. 9 safely bailed out over China.
In my defence, I hasten to add that I've been collecting stuff for at least 20 years now, and there's a lot which I'm very lucky to have been given or inherited. For instance, my mum, bless her, used to make her own duvet covers and various other things, which she trimmed with ribbon or lace. She bought miles of it, far more than she could ever have used in her lifetime, so now I've got it all. I'll probably never use it all either....
KAZ!!!
By the water
“Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading:
I’m no psychologist, but I can definitely see many Freudian’s reading into this statement. Just stop right there. I’m a Jungian and believe very little of what Freud wrote and if you keep reading you’ll see this extends far beyond this water-land aspect.
These earrings are made entirely from copper. The earrings use the same ear wire findings as we used in our Earrings from Steel Wire. Theshape of the ear wire finding is the same. The gauge wire is the same. The look is very different. I love wire; wire techniques changed little since early man and yet the jewelry making possibilities are endless.
The most striking feature was the number of masks being worn, or scarves carefully pulled almost up to meet headgear, so that only eyes peaked out! You may try to intimidate us, was the message from the young men and women alike, but you can’t stop us!
30Then Phinehas the priest and the chiefs of the meeting and the heads of the families of Israel who were with him, hearing what the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh said, were pleased.
1 burden
Hey guys! We're so excited to have you be a part of our blog. Our goal is to help and encourage all of our young, single sisters in Christ in their Christian walk by posting our own personal studies and experiences.
A: Well, that’s the only thing I do. That’s one thing I have to do before every game, or I won’t feel energy, and I’ll just feel slow. When I do I just feel light on my feet and everything, and I feel faster, so that’s what I do.
I would like to highlight to all people interested in art law issues the forthcoming Conference that will take place on 17 and 18 of May in Rome at MAXXI (Museum of XXI century arts). This conference, jointly organised by the Art, Cultural Institutions and Heritage law Committee of the International Bar Association and the Italian Contemporary Museum, will have top international speakers (lawyers, artists, art critics, museum directors).
April 2012 Carnival Of Children’s Literature
Writing those long overdue cards to my loved ones, listening to a friend who NEEDS me to just listen...for as long as it takes to pour her heart out, kissing my husband goodbye when he walks out the door, playing with my grandson, talking to my girls, savoring the moments of stillness with God, long phone conversations with my son, chatting on the porch with my favorite neighbor, laughing at my little dog as she runs around in circles, holding the door for the lady with the overflowing grocery cart and four fussy kids...
But it was so worth it…
And speaking of identification—when prints are sent through the computer system, the results are NOT the names of their owners, complete with pretty pictures. They get back a list of "likely matches" and they're numbered. Eliminates any bias on the part of the examiner who might have a suspect in mind.
But if you never cry then your well becomes dry and your storms seem to be prolonged and thirsting for relief. So cry out to God and release your tears so you can be free in His will for you. Trust me your tears from man are not going to carry you, cry to the Lord and He will deliver you. That is the truth. Man believes tears are signs of weakness and lack of faith, but tears to me are submission to God’s will to rescue us. Keeping my eyes on Him.
(on a side note: To everyone who has seen my baby and commented on how cute and sweet he is instead of discussing his eczema and all the things that your nephew, cousin, uncle, etc did and why haven't I done those things, THANK YOU. I am grateful beyond words. It's nice when people look at him and treat him the same as they normally do. I'm getting weary of the scads of unsolicited advice, judgment and disapproving stares that I have been receiving at the grocery store, etc. Why do mom's judge other mom's so harshly?)
Timeline - eight days in Dec 1865
Right now, I'm really wishing I had a DVD of this film on hand to illustrate the kind of attention to visual detail—right down to seemingly meaningless props—that I'm talking about. Perhaps in the near future I'll do an image essay (or maybe even a video essay?) on Ray's mise en scène in Bigger Than Life. For now, though, I will say this: After coming out of the IFC Center midday, I felt, in the course of one single theatrical screening, that I had perhaps experienced a personal breakthrough as a film-watcher. It's almost as if I hadn't actually realized what mise en scène was until Ray shook me and opened my eyes. Certainly, at the next film I watched yesterday (more on that below), I found myself doing that same eye-wandering even within a narrower aspect ratio.
The DC Court – which is the most stridently conservative – says that you do have a reasonable expectation of privacy.
The End Credits Sequence, created by Prologue, for Sherlock Holmes : A Game Of Shadows began in a very differenbt place from what ultimatlt apperaed in the Film. Although i love the new peice, i think its a sghame the origaonal idea never made it. as Danny Yount of Prologe Explains:
7. Lisa Lutz "Curse of the Spellmans"
I’m Speaker7, and I fight crime with Metamucil.
At 45 minutes:
I can appreciate a cathedral without studying medieval architecture, but the experience is surely enhanced when I do. In the same way, while knowledge of Lewis’s medieval, astrological architecture is unnecessary to the enjoyment of his Narnia books, knowing it only enhances the experience. Ward’s book serves such an illuminating purpose, and Planet Narnia is an invaluable guide to any lover Lewis’s Narnia.
A grand total of 37000 people saw iCarly’s first webcast! And the gang celebrate it by throwing a Crazy Hat party!
The Typogami typeface is available for free on our facebook-page download.
You see I have tried the French way and it did me no favours. It might have worked if I had eaten like a French girl with controlled portions and limited carbohydrates...but I found that not so much fun. It wasn't entirely my fault...France is a bit naughty....she lures you in with temptations that are impossible to resist...delicious wines and champagnes, succulent roast chickens and golden deep fried pommes frites, soft and delicate cheeses that melt in the mouth only to disappear on the hips, tartes, macarons and madeleines that are extra sublime when you can have more than one....because generosity is important...isn't it? And bread....to say no to French bread is a cruel and nasty blow...and ...well...almost rude..and I would never want to appear ungrateful in my adopted country...that would be too grim for words...
Well, I am pleased to announce that we are putting these hops on a pedestal again with Samuel Adams Hallertau Imperial Pilsner. This one-of-a-kind brew uses enormous, almost reckless, quantities of Noble Hallertau Mittelfrueh hops from the Bavarian region in Germany, 12 pounds per barrel to be exact, which give the beer an unmatched flavor dimension and complexity. To put that in perspective, a barrel of Samuel Adams Boston Lager contains about 1 pound of hops and ordinary beers contain about an ounce and a half. So that's about a hundred times the hops of an ordinary beer!
when i was a young mom there wasn't a lot of books to read about mothering like there are today. of course there was no internet either. the best advice i ever got as a new mom came from a quote and i can't even remember who said it. but i never forgot it and tried my best to live up to it.
The backs are numbered and have bios and stats on the player
But the Singapore Government maintains a net asset position with deposits in the banking system amounting to 46 per cent of GDP at the end of last year, while the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s forex reserves were equivalent to 92 per cent of GDP. The Government of Singapore Investment Corporation’s assets are known to be well over US$100 billion, or at least 40 per cent of Singapore’s GDP for last year, Moody’s said.
"He wanted sex almost all the time, but I’m just not that sort of girl," says Kristin of her Viagra-loving husband."
You are now free to blow smoke up some queer's ass and go straight to hell where you belong - right next to the heterosexual hating feminist queers as well.
Roy: A grifter...yes.
Both the Labour Party and the EPMU which covers most of the miners knew about a report critical of lack of inspection made in 2008 but they did not act on it. Pike River even had a dangerous build-up a few days before the explosion and workers were out for the 20 hours it took to clear the gas. At that point the EPMU should have stepped in and insisted that the cause of the build-up be investigated and better ventilation put in place.
Commander, U.S. Central Command (‘07-’08)
The Super Harvest Moon occurred this year only 5 1/2 hours after the autumnal equinox.
2. yourtruthdiet.wordpress.com – She is a constant reminder that you need to appreciate yourself now and every day because there are a lot of days in between getting to your goal weight. She has this awesome idea about having a Sexy Day where you really appreciate yourself… at least once a month! This could be anything from looking at yourself naked in the mirror for five minutes, to getting out of your comfort zone and wearing a tighter outfit instead of those baggy sweatpants!
That is what I did for my book bins above, too.
The box below is for challenge #1. I used Twinkle Toes Cartridge and Once Upon a Princess. I stamped the face with PK-640 Princess Face Assortment.
My voice may become rebellious and say NO! Not that. Yes! This! My voice will never give up. It comes to me from the deep well, the river, the source. It is more powerful than I can imagine.
A Shiiiiiiiiiiitttttttzu
Much of yesterday was about preparing and preparing the chickens and eggs to go to the market. So I helped packaged eggs and load up the canopy. My friend Karen butchered and prepared the chickens. It was going to be a hot day by Oregon standards I think it got up to the late 80’s early 90’s. By my Texas standards it was still a pretty cool day out.
And the rain left the footprints on the path that led to the dawn
For centuries, pagan rituals have sought taking human blood to appease the blood-thirsty lust of spirits and forces of darkness that target humans made in the image of God to mock God's handiwork. Distortion of the purpose of blood is a satanic mockery of God’s intent for the sacredness blood represents. Scripture teaches, in “the blood is the life" (Deut. 12:23) and in the shedding of blood is the remission of sins. “And according to the law almost all things are purified with blood, and without shedding of blood there is no remission." (Heb 9: 22). In the Old Testament, a substitutionary lamb was required to be sacrificed by God's people as an offering for their sin. In the New Testament that Lamb was God's gift in Jesus Christ Who offered Himself as the Lamb who takes away the sin of the world! (John 1:29)
values of inflation we find a negative but not significant effect of
I have acquired a decent stack of free blank dvds and cd's.
Taste: Hop/Malt Balance (0-4): No hops detected. Malt flavor is a bit low, except for the roast flavor. 2 points
“Only this government could be so out of touch as to cut taxes for the richest people in our society but at the same time single out those who are trying to do the right thing for a tax rise.
After college, Suzanne was a freelance writer for magazines and became a contributing editor to Christian Parenting Today. Her work has been featured in Today's Christian Woman, Marriage Partnership, Worldwide Challenge, among others. She took the plunge into books a few years ago and now she's hooked. To learn more about Suzanne, visit her website at www.suzannewoodsfisher.com
Then it was down to the tranquil, sun-drenched garden of Place Louis Achille -- one of my favourite hidden gardens in the Marais. It was deserted. Just me, the little man (who was slumbering in the pram by now -- hallelujah, praise be to God) and an explosion of colourful tulips.
If you enjoyed Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (the book, not so much the movie) as much as I do you may want to read this book too. We even visited Savannah when we were in the states and I loved it.
stop it or i'll be forced to squirt you with a water bottle every time you mention your member (let's pretend i wouldn't enjoy that last one).
a wind is blown
LISTEN to God for his direction.
Challenge Issues: For a teen book, it is pretty tame, but there is some mild language (a-shat, sh-t). Gabriel is called a “fag” because, according to Cullen, that is what boys call other boys who don’t participate in sports and are smart. The book contains sex, but it is not described. In the beginning of the book, Cullin must identify his cousin’s dead body who has overdosed.
Narrated in alternating diary entries, emails and instant message chats conducted in a jargon that at first requires some effort to decode, SUPER SAD is set in New York City, in a United States whose near collapse, revealed in small but ever more disturbing increments, is close enough to make us squirm with an uneasy feeling of recognition. The economy is in tatters, “an unstable, barely governable country presenting grave risk to the international system of corporate governance and exchange mechanisms,” in the words of a menacing figure known as the Chinese Central Banker, whose country, along with the Northern Europeans, controls the U.S. economy. The Bipartisan Party manages a one-party police state through its American Restoration Authority (checkpoints manned by heavily armed security forces blanket the city, and incoming passengers at JFK Airport are met in the middle of the Van Wyck Expressway), and the country is reeling from a disastrous invasion of Venezuela. Restive veterans, denied their bonuses, huddle in tent cities in Central Park and Tompkins Square.
THE STORY OF THE HUGUENOT CROSS.
Before I go all of us here at Creatalicious would like to wish you all a Very Merry Christmas and a safe, happy and prosperous New Year!!!
well... in my dream i was too busy for the past few days, not to notice that he had forgotten.
so glad you could all attend! what a fabulous month and a half of handmaking amazingness it's been!
Luke tells us that immediately after Mary was told by the angel that she was to be the mother of Jesus (Luke 1:26-38), Mary went “in haste” to the home of her cousin Elizabeth, who was also pregnant, with the child who would be named John. When Elizabeth heard Mary’s greeting she pronounced a blessing on Mary and her child (Luke 1:39-45).
While Dr. Wertham and the anti-comics hysteria received a large part of the media’s coverage, behind
For more info click the Candor Team Button here.
Decide that, even without my new diet of sushi and water, I can run him down if I have to.
Sunday Select-type products, which deliver FSIs to requested or targeted subscribers, are a common type of a verified branded edition for U.S. newspapers. But verified circulation, whether for the main or branded edition, is new to many publishers.
Cover stories on Obama Beer and good places to drink in Washington DC (with Metro-based pub crawl guides).
We were both growing and both changing....together.
Newt is only pretending to run for president, but is really looking for a younger and prettier 4th wife.
And when that memory returns to him, I wonder if he is proud of what he did. Or if, sometimes he feels at least a part of the enormous guilt he bears. For it is not just that he murdered a man. He murdered a very special man -special to him, special to many others, not just special to me as any man is to his wife. And he killed him in a special way. He is not just a murderer. He is an assassin.
Use any of these fairytale wedding favor ideas for a big day that will go down in history as a classic.
Right now I feel calm and happy, my mind is at ease after seeing my little one dance on the screen. I get to see my Butterfly again next week when I go back for my genetic screening and NT scan. I feel lucky to have a doctor who listens and understands my worries and fears. I'll be monitored very closely during this pregnancy, which is giving me some reassurance, but I know it's impossible to prevent or predict everything that could go wrong.
As promised, I'm giving away my new vocabulary packet, click the picture to get the preview from TpT.
11. Twisted Blues
Freelancers, how long did it take you to build your initial client base?
Emma trembled. But I didn’t think she was afraid. No, this was something else. I breathed her in, clutching her to me, dizzy from all of this contact. Our chests pressed together, and I couldn’t stop wondering what it would feel like for our mouths to touch.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?! My original plan was to have you take these six semi-finalists and have you vote again for the top three. But after thinking about it, I've decided to make it easier on everyone and just use the votes you've already made.
I told you had this shit down pat.
When I made that point, two things occurred to me:
- I'm sure there are some misspellings here, definitely check the street names with your concierge.
Due Date: Friday, April 20th at 11:59PM PDT
Opponents accuse Mr. Preval of being a puppet of Mr. Aristide, a Marxist former priest ousted in a coup d’etat and put back into power after the US invasion in 1994. Mr. Aristide was barred from consecutive terms by the Haitian constitution but still “won” a November 2000 election with 92 percent of the vote, after an opposition boycott. Not even the United Nations could stomach this farce. It announced it was closing its civilian support mission to Haiti, which was supposed to promote democracy and human rights.
Sunday night we were watching Mad Men and some random commercial came on in memory of Ray Charles.
So she stepped aside and gave Katie the space that she needed. She allowed her to be angry if she needed to be; she allowed her to feel whatever she needed to feel; she allowed her to sort it all out for herself; she gave her as much time and space as she needed. And today, it's clear that she did everything right.
- In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
In the story Kate, along with her sister Georgia, has moved to Paris from America to live with her grandparents after her parents were killed in an accident. Kate is a quiet girl who spends a lot of time alone reading and is still coming to terms with the loss of her parents. Georgia, however, deals with things in a different way – she is outgoing and has a great social life. It is Georgia who suggests that Kate should leave the house to do her reading so that she might actually meet people, when Kate takes her advice and meets the handsome Vincent she has no idea how much her life is about to change.
Quote of the trip:
Braid yarn and ribbon together to create handle and attach coordinated ribbon to basket. Stack your “eggs” in the top!
The South African government has put a hold on administering fracking licenses until a more comprehensive study has been completed, which could be by the end of March.
This is the setting in which an establishment high on the ‘development’ narcotic and tantalized by the apsara of growth rate has decided to commit India to building no less than 30 new nuclear reactors in the next 20 years.
6. The fact that she had memorized the complete dialogue of every movie (minus one) that David Tirlson had ever been in. And the minus one was not her fault. Beggars at the Feast was listed on the Internet Movie Database, but had never been released...well, as far as Rachel could tell. She had searched her local video store, and frequently searched on eBay No luck. Yet still, the fact remained. Rachel had memorized all the other movies. All five of them.
Q:�Is it common for 60-plus year olds to have problems with short term memory storage?
And what follows is a lesson to cafe workers on how NOT to treat someone with a gluten intolerance:
I think that the Educreations whiteboard app is better than the original app because you can write with more colors
For those who wanted the pub stock to fall the clearances brought a huge result. Over a dozen pubs in the area bounded by what is now Prince Street/Merehall Drive, the south side of Halliwell Road, and Higher Bridge Street were swept away with just two as the Cotton Tree and the Spinners Arms were built in their place. The whole landscape between Halliwell Road and Chorley Old Road was altered for ever but the area’s pubs were hardly adequately replaced.
I know this letter is late, but I would like to apologize for a few pranks I pulled on you in high school. I guess it was pay back from junior high when you pulled my chair out before I sat down and I fell to the floor and all the boys saw my underpants when I landed in my little skirt. Some things you just remember. Just know that I feel slightly horrible about my foolishness. Well, now that I am thinking about it after all these years, it was pretty funny…….Ok, nevermind.
That was the second batch. I had sent a dozen a week earlier. I admit I cheated, I took
So this is love.
Perhaps for many quilting and patchwork fill in the hours and provide woman with a common bond, an excuse to gather with others. To chat and to share ideas, projects and a little bit about their lives.
Numbers are only meaningful if obtained neutrally. Ask any researcher. With the police already coming down harder each day on Bersih and driving away participants, Najib might succeed in showing Umno that he is still the most popular man in Malaysia. And with all the free transport, lodging, ‘makan’, door gifts and possibly cash allowances, it would be a slap in the face if Najib failed to get the 1 million Umno members into Bukit Jalil.
Thinking virus, I started to uninstall the last few things I’d installed. With the time to reboot so short, I could barely get one thing uninstalled when the phone rebooted.
My mind has been swirling with happiness over the fact that I am allowed to have this experience of working so closely with my research animals and anger that I have been allowed to do so because of the emotion it creates.
The idea and possibilities behind the project are endless – I am an ideas person after all. I will enjoy the research and coming to a definite positive conclusion. I will not enjoy taking to the podium and speaking to 100 people about it. The mere thought of it sends me into a spiral of shame following past presentations and how I came across as somebody with basic English.
Extremely pleased with myself.
I'm getting a head start on my list for the new year. I turn 47 on Saturday and my husband decided a few months back to take me on a cruise for my birthday! So, on the day I turn 47, we'll be sitting on a dream-like beach in Cozumel, Mexico, drinking something with an umbrella. I hope this is the first of many traveling adventures I'll have with him. I'm leaving the states for the first time, people!
Makes 2-3 dozen.
There is a lot more revealed in The Zurian Child, but those are some of the more important pieces. It was definitely fun to create this planet and the species who live there.
THE FUNDING PROBLEM
Is fall'n into thy ear! What false Italian,
No, there’s no compulsory hallucinogens. No, there’s no requirement for nudity. No, there is no flying carpet.
NOAA has launched a retooled version of their Fish Watch site, which is supposed to be more accessible and easier to understand. I have taken a brief scan of the site and it seems fairly information and well composed, though I do want to dig deeper into the site before making any real judgments on the revisions. But it does seem to be a positive change, creating more transparency on the methods and information used by NOAA in making their determinations.
Movies, video games, and comic books have also influenced me a great deal.
I was pleasantly surprised to see this trailer a couple of weeks ago. Also, very happy to see the dapper Johnny Depp playing the lead role.
The day after Mohamed Bezeid was taken to hospital, on Friday 11 February, a peaceful protest march by the ‘February 25′ activist movement was planned in Nouakchott. An hour before the scheduled start, three buses parked in a back street about 500 metres away from the advertised departure point were set on fire. There were no witnesses, but the fire was reported as an ‘arson attack’ by ‘unidentified youths’. Several social media commentators have speculated that it was more likely that the police or security forces themselves were responsible for the arson. Their logic is appealing: it would create an atmosphere of instability and lend credibility to the simultaneous police attack on the Art College of Nouakchott University, which resulted in 11 arrests; and also the subsequent police attacks on the peaceful ’February 25′ march, which were severe, disproportionate to the event itself, and resulted in dozens injured and 20 arrests . The point was also made that activists are unlikely to destroy their only means of public transport, and that anyone who did wish to burn public transport as a political statement would choose a time where there were no competing events, and a location that would allow a crowd to assemble.
So we resolutely bought a kennel, for housebreaking. No more vinegar, not in our new house. This puppy, whoever he was, would stay crated when he wasn't in the yard.
I've wondered about her intelligence ever since I adopted her and subsequently discovered that she was unable to figure out how stairs worked.
My favorite item on this awesome list of things you should have a handle on by the time you’re 30 is “14. Not to apologize for something that isn’t your fault.” To take it one step further, I’d like people to stop apologizing insincerely. It’s OK to not be sorry. We’re no longer bound by playground school rules, and no one is forcing you to say or do anything.
This will be the first post in a four part series. I want to bring up and provoke some thoughts about differences in people’s attitudes toward religion and spirituality in both rural and urban settings. The Church is at a critical moment in the 21st century. Either we work to survive and thrive, or we curl up and die in a corner. What has Christ called us to?
The cute turkey is made with the 1 3/4 x 7/8 oval Punch and the Body I used my cricut and the Create a Critter Cartridge (one of my favorite cartridges)
I decided to go with the monochromatic theme over at the Greeting Farm's Farm Fresh Challenge. Haven't participated in one of their challenges in a while, I'm slowly trying to make my way through all my stamps and rotating back now through TGF. Now I have to ink up the matching Amelia, maybe to make a girl version of a graduation card. Used a variety of star punches, Quickutz die, and a cutting file from Kerri Bradford when she offered it as a freebie a few months ago. Added blue "Waterfall" stickles, but for some reason it looks gold on the enchanted evening PTI cardstock. Light blue cardstock is Bazzill and patterned paper is from Prima, actually from the quite girly Sweet Fairy pack.
Please observe the following guidelines to ensure a quick reviewing process:
“We made it.” he pants following with a boyish yelp.
And so when you say, well, faith has nothing to do with it, faith has everything to do with it. If rights come…
Barley and Hops Old World Tavern in Temecula.
Hahaha nagulat ako ang haba ng reply mo. And at the risk of sounding like your philosophy teacher, I will say that while we do not change completely, we do change. Some more than others.
Place rice and water in pot at a ratio of one cup rice to two cups water.
not.
This conviction comes nine years after the crime: the murder of 15-year-old Nick Markowitz.
The FDA is packed by pro-business, pro-corporation advocates who often have massive conflicts of interest when it comes to protecting the health of the public. In fact, the revolving door between private industry and government oversight agencies is so well established these days, it has become business as usual to read about scandal, conflicts of interest and blatant pro-industry bias, even when it flies in the face of science or the law.
Due to their condensed cities and lack of sprawling suburbs, driving is not nearly as critical in the Spanish daily life as it is to Americans. In recent years, the disparity between the rich and poor has lead to government initiatives to increase the size of the middle class. As the middle class income bracket has begun to grow slightly, there is a higher need for automobiles in these earnings ranges. Our focus will be providing vehicles to people who fall in the middle to upper level earning bracket. We want to make our automobiles as affordable as possible and with the involvement with government’s VIVE program we will likely appeal to this vast array of people. Since, Spain is a collective-minded group of people we do not want our line of vehicles to appear inclusive and “American-like”, but simple and intelligent. For instance, our line of automobiles will not have leather seats, power seats, or high-powered engines, but they will encompass a simplistic, yet beautiful design. Our eco-friendly line of hybrid models will be able to bring “green” transportation to Spain. We propose to introduce a small line of electric and gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles. Models would include: an ultra-compact two-door electric only car, a three-door hatchback with hybrid engine and a slightly larger five-door hatchback with hybrid engine. All models will adhere to the strict government standards, with maintaining affordability being our focus.
It’s not just isolated instances such as the Suarez incident. Ask most Liverpool fans what they think of Alex Ferguson and you’ll probably hear (once you’ve picked through all of the swearing) about his propensity for a glass of wine, his oddly coloured nose, his famous temper and why he shouldn’t have Sir in front of his name. There will unlikely be any mention of the numerous titles that his Manchester United team have stockpiled over the years.
I went to the bank today to pay my health insurance, update my bank book and take out cash for the month. I don’t think I’ve told you about the way banks work here. You go up to the counter and tell the person what you would like to do and fill out any appropriate papers (they are quite nice and walk me through that part since I can’t read the instructions). They take the paper, bank book, money, whatever, on a tray, and give you a number. You take a seat and wait for your number to be called. Then you go back to the counter and pick up whatever you asked for. That’s how it works even when all you want to do is exchange large bills for small! I’ve figured out what button to press to get money from the ATM, but I wanted to have my book updated after I did that, so I tried pushing various buttons that opened little doors/drawers, etc. did other things, but I couldn’t figure out which one did the updating – or switching big bills for small – so back to the counter! I’ll have to bring someone with me who can read the kanji and write everything down! I suppose I can do the most important thing – take money out! One really nice thing – they have 3 different strengths of reading glasses for customers to use when filling out the forms! Very thoughtful!
Who is your social media audience?
IBU 41
Just going with the flow
In the end, I wound up wearing the jacket to the Walk, ignoring the great risk of looking like a fool for donning apparel that had been deemed "too young" for me. I'm wild like that. But even if I had been the slightest bit worried about looking foolish, that fear would have vanished quickly enough. When we arrived at the site we saw hundreds of other walkers, many wearing "team" shirts that proclaimed support for loved ones. Suddenly I remembered what the walk was all about. Childhood cancer.
Anywho i have made two pages...yes thats right TWO with the kit so far and here they are.
After the meeting, Mrs Leadsom helped present a petition to the Department for Education. The petition, organised by SPUC, was signed by 47,000 people and called for sex DVDs to be banned from UK primary schools :
ps. I'm finally buying a new camera in a few days! What can I say, maybe I really am a material girl. ;)
the reason air travel is such a safe travel option is because innovation in the aerospace industry is almost totally constrained by improving safety and therefore inch by inch incremental safety improvements.
ceiling medallions turned wall installation?
This year I will stand in front of the Abhithian High Council and marry a human girl. It's my duty as heir to the throne during the year of Reparation. I only have six months left to find my Anam Cara, my soul mate, among the humans. Otherwise I will marry a human girl of my parent's choosing.
Although many older sources mention the striking similarity between pickled nasturtium pods and actual capers (also a pickled bud), I gave them short shrift; it seemed just one more example of a foodstuff born of scarcity while users convinced themselves it was just as good as the real thing.
“The first thing she would do in the morning was to have a drink of Coke beside her bed and the last thing she would do at night was have a drink of Coke,” Harris’ partner Chris Hodgkinson said in a deposition. “She was addicted to Coke.”
Speaking of love, while rummaging through boxes in the basement, I found my "LOVE" candles. I brought them out for Valentine's day.
"...late this afternoon in Townsville, the monitor recorded a maximum wave height at Point Cleveland off Townsville of 6.6 metres. This is the highest that has ever been recorded since measurements began in 1975. Similarly in Cardwell, we are planning for a storm surge of higher than seven metres over the high tide mark; Lucinda Beach, 4 metres and at Cairns around the 2.6 metre mark. These are extremely high levels of water that will come into those towns and inundate all those low lying areas at a very high level.
Lexy and Avree went outside to pop their poppers.
Oh yes and while we are on the subject of movies, I also had the requisite Bond moment. I loved Quantum of Solace and thought it pitched perfectly the emotional depth and tone for a direct sequel to Casino Royale. I've also just started to read the Bond books in order of publication - I read some of them when I was at school years ago, and have to say that Daniel Craig may be blond, but he seems to be the actor whose got the closest to Bond, well in my humble opinion!
And by us, I mean the chronically sick and disabled.
According to Shawn, Wren's House used to be owned by a sweet old lady who sold pies, but was arrested for running a gambling ring. Then there was Bruno. He ran an Italian restaurant but hated kids. Folks got sick eating his food and he went out of business. And finally, there was the mysterious case of Corky, the prior missing owner. And so solving a mystery begins.
One of the things that you did quite a bit this month was to use your hair as a napkin. Yes, take messy, sticky hands that have been grabbing your dinner and rub it into your hair. This has resulted in quite a few unplanned baths, but it is looking like this phase may soon be over, thankfully
La Feria Modernista de Terrasa began in 2003 and has recently become one of the most important cultural event in the Catalonian diary. Every year in May hundreds of thousands of tourists come to see the cultural events, spectacles, expositions and to taste the local gastronomy. The festival celebrates Art Nouveau – a reaction to academic art of the 19th century. Art Nouveau was inspired by natural forms and structures, not only in flowers and plants but also in curved lines. Architects tried to harmonize with the natural environment. It is also considered a philosophy of design of furniture, which was designed according to the whole building and made part of ordinary life. The city has preserved its architecture public buildings and factories from this age.
When I visit schools, or give other talks, I often read a particular scene from my book, The Sterkarm Handshake. It’s an everyday tale of time-travelling folk and, in this scene the young 16th century reiver, Per Sterkarm, has been badly wounded, and brought to a 21st century hospital.
in my own right… So I guess it’s time to make dreams a reality!
One: She believes Islam should be a source of inspiration not legislation. That is a no no in his book! And I would say in the book of the Muslim Brotherhood as well. Karman is clearly pushing the envelope on this one.
Zulkifli said the Department of Irrigation and Drainage (DID) had built the leeves 20 years ago but since then hardly any maintenance had been carried out.
The morning after we lost him, I wrote in my journal: “Buster was the best dog ever. He was the smartest, most intuitive, most precious, loving, tough, cuddly, faithful, handsome dog ever. Nothing will ever be the same without him.”
Garage punk, indie rock and post-hardcore come together in Ofvitarnir’s debut album "Stephen Hawking/Steven Tyler".
‘Oh, Richard!’ she replied. ‘Don’t tell me that you’ve forgotten!’
mixed media and bees wax on cardboard, 'Cotton Candy'
means to attract, to pull towards you, to sway someone else towards your side, to allure
We weren't trying to divert from the original recipe (and we really didn't that much.), but halfway through when we realized we had no baking powder, we knew we weren't going to get quite the same result.
Jeannie DeGruccio
face-hugging, chest-ripping alien?
he was still not thrilled but not digging into a good cry, either. i told him that i understood that he was getting really frustrated with his toys and before i could say anything else he let it rip. he just needed a little nudge.
Dr Eileen Duke, Scottish Greens
A default by either of those large countries would have disastrous implications for the banks and other financial institutions in France and Germany. The European Financial Stability Fund is large enough to cover Greece’s financing needs but not large enough to finance Italy and Spain if they lose access to private markets. So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default, private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks.
Senator Jose M. Serrano will be sponsoring free mammogram screenings on Roosevelt Island Day – Saturday, June 9 – at the 591 Main Street Plaza from 1:30 pm to 5:00 pm. Part of Project Renewal’s ScanVan Program, the screenings will be available for women 40 years of age and older who have not had a mammogram in the past year. Please call 1-800-564-6868 for an appointment. The event is being co-sponsored by Council Member Lappin and Assembly Member Kellner. We thank all of the sponsors for this generous service.
The power of our awareness of our inner world can enhance our everyday experience of existence and drive it beyond anything that could be hoped for without such awareness, and it makes the study of consciousness all the more compelling.
Card Blank - Kanban
Also, I am planning the launch of a new blog on education that will extend beyond the unschooling audience and be helpful (I hope) to parents, educators and self educators a like. I am working on a name for the blog which is is in itself a very revealing exercise.
Once all necessary evidence was collected, measures were taken last Wednesday (April 25) to localize, arrest and subsequently take into custody a person under suspicion of the criminal acts already investigated.
Tomorrow - maybe we'll just switch to WORDSMITH!
The suggestion raises the prospect of prosecutions of British soldiers nearly 40 years after the demonstration in Londonderry that cost the lives of 14 marchers.
I love pretty much all online shopping, bu...
So to cheer everyone up, here's another shot of the lovely Kelli, smouldering in her smalls at Michael Lau's studio.
I then ask him what he’s looking for that he hasn’t found and some other questions. I was thinking, “He’s right – they’re happy with what they have and she’s not pressuring him, so why shouldn’t he date her just because he wouldn’t marry her?” He’s a fair gentleman.
Rosen stresses that tablets are a new breed of devices that require new methods of management, and not an extension of existing IT systems. And with this comes a thoughtful, planned approach.
possible blog names
MARISOL: So this is gonna come back up?
child brides, or under the yoke of another person, as in slavery, but no matter how hard they may try, people do not own people, in the truest sense of the word. No one owns our minds. No one owns our spirits. No one owns our souls. And no one owns our bodies.We are all made in the image and likeness of the Divine Creator, all of us, no matter what country in the world we live in, no matter what type of religion we have or don’t have, no matter what type of government we have, no matter how rich or poor we are, no matter how young or old our country is or we are; if we are human beings anywhere, we are made with the Divine blueprint, which no man, woman or child owns.
I know no one (friend, acquaintance or co-worker) who welcomes the carts. Even if the automated trucks thoroughly clean each bin before returning it to the curb, three is too many carts & they are all oversized beasts. A stackable design would make more sense. They will be eyesores in front of townhouses with/without garages because folks won’t have room for them in their garages.
These ribs came from a book by Charmaine Solomon but I modified them a bit and they are a super tasty alternative to barbecue.
In the morning when I woke up and tried to keep all the pieces together, it suddenly struck me that it would be a fantastic novel idea. Within minutes, it turned from the shadowy fragments of a dream into a chock full of ideas to flesh out the novel. Tonight, I finally began writing down my characterization, timeframe, and some place details in my Moleskine while riding to Five Guys for dinner.
My joy is actively being attacked, and my life is messier than I am okay with, and I’m supposed to write about hope when in reality I’m considering running away from this. Running away from chasing after my passions, because my enemy isn’t happy with it, he’s actually pissed, and I’m not prepared to deal with it.
The most recent invention in the Social Networking world that I encountered is called Klout. This is a Social Networking site devoted to tell you how well you are doing at Social Networking. It grades you on a scale of 1 to 100, and tells you how much “influence” you have in the Social Networking world. As far as I can tell, what best determines a high value is a lot of activity on all of your Social Networking sites. In other words, to insure that you are well-known and have influence online, you basically have to spend all of your time online.
It might. Publishing on FB is not the same as publishing in a regular journal. There is a a kind of dry-run sense to it, a built in obsolescence. I actually think of it as a place where genuine poems may be hung out to dry, as on a washing line.
Wagner continued, saying, “A city can survive a little bit of a cut, because they can raise property taxes. The transit, if they lose some money, they can raise the bus fairs or the train fairs. With regard to universities, we don’t get to tax. What we can do is raise tuition. I’ve heard this called low-hanging fruit. They can take a million and the school could be in fine shape because they could raise tuition.”
Using technology from films like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and X-Men: The Last Stand, Paterno will be transformed into a terrifying zombie and multiplied to fill the screen with digital clones of himself. The zombies are created when vicious “headcrabs” attack human beings and turn them into mindless manifestations of violence bent on devouring and multiplying.
So I am officially crap, a let down. I was determined I was going to do this 30 day challenge every day, and five days in, I failed it. I never follow through on anything, I am spineless.
"Open the box!"
I certainly have not been the one to jump up to thousands of followers overnight
* Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment
Your presence with fullness of joy…and Your pleasures forevermore. Amen.
And if your soothing voice and calm approach do not work, just shoot her with that rifle you use for the wild animals. Or set a trap. Oeh maybe even smack her on the head with that big bottle of booze!
27. A Shetland pony is £20.
Ju Jeung-nyeo (Dong-sik’s wife)
all you can think is one at a time, one more.
Then come the Atheists, the non-Christians and anti-Christians that always think they know the Bible better than the Author Himself. I've seen so many times how white South Africans who consider themselves "enlightened" when speaking on Christianity or about the Christian Bible would expose how low down the scale they really are by their hatred, the spitting of blood and vomit from their mouths, because they hate Christianity so much, but they consider themselves "enlightened", and they want to "ascend" somewhere? This country is so screwed it could not win a toss-up in a bar let alone a war. We're doomed. The one thing that used to be our strength, Christianity, has become our greatest weakness.
- Finely diced onion
The first is the dancing, which does not merely extend to the formal dance sequences, but encompasses a wild Irish jig of a high which the friends experience after they snort cocaine off a bible. They are duly dumped into a scene of extraordinary macabre irony, which affirms that the grief that they felt for Henry has ultimately drowned in their aloofness and indifference, leaving just a ripple of blank regret.
James Casebere‘s pioneering work has established him at the forefront of artists working with constructed photography. For the last thirty years, Casebere has devised increasingly complex models that are subsequently photographed in his studio. Based on architectural, art historical and cinematic sources, his table–sized constructions are made of simple materials, pared down to essential forms. Casebere‘s abandoned spaces are hauntingly evocative and oftentimes suggestive of prior events, encouraging the viewer to reconstitute a narrative or symbolic reading of his work.
Lily's comments were replied to by Frustrated Mess who called them
i hold on and i know longer want too
She combines witchcraft with her extensive knowledge of uranium mining in the book, where she tells the reader about the subjects she has covered for the Independent. She has been a reporter, based in Tuba City and Fort Defiance for longer than a decade and is well-known for her stories on uranium, water, and Navajo issues. These issues have changed over the years and she keeps on top of the change and throws into her book many of her flashes of insight, her dreams and her connection with Keanu Reeves.
Guests can apparently attend wearing pink or blue clothes, depending on what gender they think the baby is going to be, and there are pink and blue balloons, and baby-themed party games. There's no end to the fun.
cycles of wait for events, run , stop and wake up.
I see my mum, young and pretty and I realise all the things she's done for me and all the sacrifices that she's made and continues to make for me as I walk my path.
Heading back through the hills we headed toward the mysterious structures from earlier in the day, only to discover the road was barred, with a large notice proclaiming that we were approaching MOD property. Heading back into the mountains where we had stopped to overlook earlier, We found an information board from which we discovered that the Loch had served in previous wars as a Naval refuelling depot, and indeed still performed that function. There were also hints that the loch may also contain submarines.
Agents who sell disability insur­ance (DI) to high-income profes­sionals often admit that the call they most dread receiving from a client is the one that begins with these five words: “My claim has been denied.”
- My lime was pretty large, so I probably ended up using extra lime juice.
Carefully mix the two preparation together.
Mr. Jindal joins Indiana’s Mitch Daniels in passing the most far-reaching school reforms, and now they’ll have to follow through to produce better student outcomes. Unions will seize on any troubles as a sign of failure, but success might catalyze similar reforms across the country that could finally improve the life prospects for all American children.
Without further adieu,
Me: "Yes, you look like a stud."
Ovation Trophy Day 2 (Forgive and be a winner!)
She was shocked to see the bruising in both elbows and my right wrist but miraculously extracted plenty of blood for all of the tests to be done.
10. 157 Riverside Avenue
Anybody who goes to my church can tell you that he or she feels more like the audience to a TV talk show than a congregant. I swear it, I wouldn’t be shocked if one of these days, our pastor or Jimmy Gathu just leaps up and exclaims, Oprah style, “You get a car! You get a car! Everybody gets a car!”
Today I am reviewing....
Australasia
“There will be world peace before boys become smart” – Stephanie deleo
I think Cámara makes a great central character, and we get some insights to his personal life – there are problems with his long-time girlfriend and we’re also introduced to his unconventional grandfather. In fact all the characters seem well written and credible.
In those thirty years, they have had their ups and their downs. But they loved one another today as they did all of those years ago. You could tell it in their voices on the phone. And in their posts back and forth to one another on FaceBook. He looked out for her, and she for him. They were “newlyweds” for the entire time that they were together, and rarely ever apart.
She would rest her head
“Awesome. Come on, babe … I know you’re gonna love it.” Matt walked the bike to the driveway. He pointed out a few safety things to Riley, but due to the loud palpitation of her heart, she couldn’t focus on anything he said.
Well anyway. I don't remember exactly when this happened, but Sly and Doris' CD player breaks. Fortunately, for them, we have an abundance of CD/DVD players at our house. More CD/DVD players than we have TVs or stereos (but not as many as we have remotes) so Primo mails the extra player to them.
This mini-challenge is hosted by Lynne of Lynne's Book Reviews, who asks for a photo of my pet and the title of my favorite animal book. She also wants a sentence written using words starting with the first letter of the main character's name. What a coincidence! My cat Kiki and I have been reading Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World by Vicki Myron. Here's a Dewey sentence:
Introduced in 1976, the Eagles are the comics industry’s best-known fan-selected awards, giving the entire comics community the opportunity to vote for the finest publications and brightest talent of the past year, with categories covering the whole world of comics, including manga, movies and web comics.
Let's say your child is tired from too little sleep and a long day of play. They have been irritable all day, although not to such a degree that you couldn't handle it and diffuse it with a kind word and a snuggle here and there. As the day goes on, however, your "to do" list has increased a bit, and your child's needs and frustration have increased right along with it. Suddenly, you remember a doctor's appointment that starts in an hour, and you have to get your child ready to go. Of course, they are resistant and tell you "no, I'm not going." You reply calmly for a while, but as the time grows shorter so does your patience.
“Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu has therefore advised us to avoid bhakti-siddhanta-viruddha and rasabhasa. In this way the devotee can remain pure and free from falldowns. Everyone should try to remain aloof from bhakti-siddhanta-viruddha and rasabhasa.”
Onward. Is it linen time yet?
We happened to shoot the photos during azalea week, when every lawn in Laurel's historic district bursts into bloom with vibrant colors. These photos were taken on the museum's property just a couple weeks before Ben and I moved in to our 1925 craftsman cottage across the street, and a few days before I cut all those longs curls off and got back to my short hair for the summertime. I'm glad Bethany captured such a picturesque spring day. We're so thankful for her time and talent!
A few weeks ago I asked Luckett what she was reading. Her reply:I’m not really one for reading non-fiction, but lately a few titles have caught my attention. I’m nearly two-thirds through this one: The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America’s Great Migration, by Isabel Wilkerson.
As Tabletalk continues to discuss the doctrine of the Trinity, it is mentioned that some refuse to believe it because they believe it is contradictory, teaching that God is both one and three. Others won’t believe it, because they don’t understand it. Personally, I don’t understand gravity. But I’ve experienced it, so I believe it. How can a body that is spinning around as fast as the earth, actually hold things on it’s surface. Logic declares that we should be flung off into space by centrifugal force. Anyway…
I don't have to tell you what a twister can do. Fortunately, most of our homes are set far from one another, so there wasn't as much damage as the folks further south of us suffered in Lancaster and Forney.
If his sense of humor is above average for a politician, then they must be an exceedingly dull and humorless bunch of people. Nevertheless, New York magazine has discovered “photographic evidence … that Obama may, in fact, be the funniest person alive.”
Shouted Moon.
She details her life from her early life as a single mom to her beautiful daughter and the trials and triumphs they experienced.
Through this award-winning documentary you will witness the outstanding abilities of John of God, one of the most powerful and respected healers in the world today.
In The Wall Street Journal story that the Manhattan district attorney had opened an investigation into Davis, this sentence offered a poignant flashback to his March 22 interview:
-Brody
He lent an air of credibility and realism to popcorn fare like The Lost World. And he riveted my attention with his unshakable confidence mixed with just a hint of threat as conduit to Keyser Soze in The Usual Suspects.
rule by decree
And then they sneak out the window.
They know that people are tuning into their series because of breasts and they go for it, all the way, in the second episode, called "Yōkai: Big Breasts". There is no way to dance around it, its an episode about boobs. The episode starts out with a male teen looking at an adult (non-nude) magazine featuring big-breasted women. One of his male teachers catches him with the magazine, takes it away from him, then runs off to look at it himself.
We gathered in Morgan Hall for orientation into the graduate writing program, sizing each other up as we sat in neat rows of student desks, tuning our ear to the spoken tongues from New York and Chicago and the small towns of Dixie, wondering what our peers would sound like on paper.
Julia Donovan is played by Kendall Cross. Cross had a minor roll in Snakes on a Plane in 2006. Although that is four years after “Prometheus,’ one cannot help but be amused of Adrian Conrad’s Goa’uld, essentially a snake, hijacking the Prometheus. Snakes on a Spaceship, folks. One of the hijackers reveals they want the ship because an ancient tablet maybourne’s rogue NID team’s stole told of a large cache of weapons hidden somewhere…out there. This may be the first reference to Atlantis. Or it could be a throeaway line. I have no idea at this point.
For yes, I love him, he is adorable.
Billionaire donor and friend of Tony Blair and Lord Mandelson charged by SFO over £700million fraud: here.
"All we ever do is fuck, can't we just cuddle" (FYI in my world cuddling is foreplay).
Fun tip: I used the salvage edge of the red gingham fabric for the little tag on the side of the bag. It has a great fringed edge and gives the bag added personality.
“So what are we left with? Perhaps nothing more than the realization that much of life is devoted to things that in the end don’t matter very much, except to us. . . . I can’t tell you why you should bother to read poems, or to write them; I can only say that if you do choose to give your attention to poetry, as against all the other things you might turn to instead, that choice can be meaningful. There’s little grandeur in this, maybe, but out of such small, unnecessary devotions is the abundance of our lives sometimes made evident.”
A computer program helps schedulers to identify potential problems, before they happen. For instance, a manager in a large bookstore with a cafe, when inputting employee information into a new software program, may discover how few of her employees are actually capable of working in the cafe. A shortage of trained workers will lead to a bottleneck in the cafe during busy hours, which will lead to lost revenue.
Cold Process: The soap has been brought to trace, all the colorant and scenting oils have been mixed in, and the soap has been poured into the mold. The soap stays in the mold for 26 hours before it's cut into bars. Cold Process takes the longest to cure, for it's curing (going through the saponification process) at room temperature. Any of my cold process soaps are cured for 4-6 weeks minimum.
:: I only used the ivory fleece for all the fabric pieces on the jacket (no contrasting fabrics used)
Whereas trundling home on my bike seems to free my mind.
Eddie: Hey dude! Not the nipples!
Now it must be said, I am a sucker for fruitiness, pretttty much all my perfumes, body products, hair products and scented candles/ home fragrances are fruity in some description or another. I love sweet smelling delights, perhaps the reason I love cake and candy so much! It’s not that I don’t like floral bouquets, but, well ok, I don’t like floral bouquets. Give me anything with coconut, vanilla, strawberry (or any type of berry!) and I am yours!
The meat and flour issued were crawling with maggots. Emily Hobhouse writes: "I have in my possession coffee and sugar which were described as follows by a London analyst: In the case of the first, 66% imitation, and in the case of the second, sweepings from a warehouse."
In other news: see that tray thing the bowl is on, well it's a tv tray, you know, with legs ($4 op shop treasure).
Kuhn said she doesn’t usually play, but plans to buy a ticket for tonight’s drawing.
CalSTRS's funding gap isn't alarming yet but clearly they're in far worse shape than Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP) whose $9.6 billion funding shortfall means they're still 92% funded (and OTPP uses a lower discount rate). Unlike their North American peers, OTPP delivered exceptional investment gains in 2011, up 11.2%, and yet the media kept harping on their deficit as if it's the end of the world!
Chen also called on governments in the US and Europe, China’s top two trading partners, to act responsibly and get their fiscal houses in order. Chen’s comments echoed a report issued yesterday by the Chinese central bank, saying the US faces “debt …
But what’s the big deal?
With now less than a week left to vote in the Awards (again, go vote here) it's quickly dawning on me that I have to count all these things. Perhaps I should be encouraging less votes at this point...
* How state legislatures across America successfully limited or eliminated nudity in strip clubs;
It seems like Spring Break rolls around and you just feel that need to get out and have a little adventure. That’s what we did. We took a little trip down to Utah.
JULES as the winner.
In Mavrix Photo Inc. v Brand Technologies (09-56134) (Ninth Circuit August 8, 2011), embedded below, the Ninth Circuit reversed a district court's dismissal of a copyright infringement lawsuit brought in California against an Ohio celebrity gossip website http://www.celebrity-gossip.net/ by Mavrix, the operator of http://www.mavrixonline.com/.
So brief, and at the end of it
Quartered lime wedges
Speaking of Busacca, AW the Alchemist and Nasri have received touchline bans for letting the World know that the ref is a dimwitted cuntbutling wankhammering fucktard for his red card brandished to rVp.
All living things fear being beaten with clubs.
I was also struck by how few of these companies had a one line statement that answered the question 'what's this about, then?'
shot
rdrav2000: Ha ha ha, In your dreams lmodi2008!
If you are reading this, plummeting space junk has not pulverized you. Yeah, you!
No matter what I eat for breakfast or lunch, I always find myself craving a little something to snack on mid-afternoon. I start thinking about lunch pretty early, and we eat dinner fairly late most nights, so I need something in the middle there to bridge the gap! I make a conscious effort to keep healthy snack choices on hand, but sometimes the bag of potato chips we hide way up on top of the cabinet will catch my eye and I sneak a few. Lately I've started keeping popcorn kernels in the pantry as an alternative. I make my popcorn on the stovetop and add just a little salt so it satisfies the same cravings as the chips (crunchy and salty). It's definitely a healthier choice and I never feel like I'm missing anything picking it over the potato chips.
From 1996 to 2008 business investment was flat at 10 per cent of GDP; bank lending to productive business fell from 30 per cent to 10 per cent, while bank lending to other financial firms and to property developers soared.
jeans - stormy sky
Let It Rise is a comprehensive resource for worship leaders
Next will come London-Paris, then, after a longish layover, Paris-NY. Then, by land, NYC-New Haven, where they will finally be reunited with their car for an hour’s drive through the night to Old Saybrook. A hard day’s work.
6.Recently, I read of something called “yogasm,” and I thought it was a joke until I looked it up. It seems to be very…pleasing for an appropriate term. Could you explain what “yogasm” is, and how could it be beneficial to your intimate life?
to begin again.
Here it is hence once again covered in slush ice.
Lyrics post jump.
Zip Fizz
From starting out in the book I thought it would be a simple story of two young adults resisting a marriage to each other but there is so much more to the story. Balogh will have you falling in love with the characters as the story progressives.
Today's theme on Erica's Design Team is Birthday layouts. I have to admit, this one was hard for me because I have been so busy. Between CHA, 2 sick cats, and babysitting an 8 month old I am exhausted. I just couldn't think. But I missed my cousin Jenny's son Owen's birthday party because it was the first day of CHA, and I knew I had to make him something. So I went for this layout:
No… the truth is that the dollar only has value because of one simple and quite disgusting truth.
The next day, April appears in Chris’s office and he’s obviously still upset about losing Millie. To make him feel better, she gives him the tickets she won for raising the most money and he notices there’s a third ticket. The third ticket is for Chris, who is welcome to join her and Andy at the movies.
I realize I threw a whole lot of stuff out there on fb and on here and elsewhere and then left you hanging. I need to update what is going on and I just can't do it here. I know that if William came across this blog, which he hasn't read in forever and I assume he believes I no longer use it, he would be pretty upset with that last post. He has never been a fan of me putting our issues on display. So I do have a lot to say, and I find I am spending my days talking to out loud to myself trying to work my own issues out. Just to let you know quickly, we talked. And we talked. And we talked some more. Things right now are okay. When I am with him, things are good. When he is at work though... I wonder and I question and I am a little lost. I question what will happen. I am 95% sure nothing will happen when he is in Australia, but if you had asked me the day before I found out I would have said I was it wasn't even a question. I had complete and total faith in him. Not in her, never in her, but in him? Never, ever would it have entered my head that he would do anything. Now that I know that the thought was in his head I will wonder. Those 10 days that he is gone are going to be the worst 10 days of my life.
This is truly repugnant and sad and makes Indymedia.ie no better than any other corporate-controlled media outlet. In fact, it makes it worse because you EXPECT more from Indymedia.
For the background I used coordinating DP cut in triangles. (My original square for each was 1.75 inches.) I then placed the paper triangles to create a chevron pattern. I selected ODBD's Flower Border along with scripture from Scripture Collection 8. I lightly colored the flowers/leaves with Copics before applying a thin coating of glitter glue. Some "green" dies complete the look! Thanks for stopping in and be sure to check out what my other Sister Sticks have for ya... Blessings...
the sound of
So far the Cayman Islands has been the location of a around two dozen movies, short films and TV shows including the blockbuster The Firm, as well as home grown director Frankie Flowers’ Haven and of course who could forget the celluloid masterpiece that was The Cayman Triangle.
so I married them along with some other
Now onto week 2.
Set design and player selection: 8/10 A few things here: first, I generally like the set design. These are clearly premium cards and the chrome-like design works, even if it's prone to fingerprints. I don't love the backs because they only show a year of stats plus career totals. The design I like best (and wish was used for the base) is the Refractor insert (which only appears to refract around the player's outline, but still looks cool). All that said, the Rookie patch/autographs are sweet. Mine had an actual one-color jersey piece, not an actual "patch", but I value the autograph more anyway. I also don't mind sticker autos as long as they don't look ridiculously out-of-place. Finally, my one biggest gripe: this set is a 165 card combination of veterans and this year's rookies, and yet you didn't have room for Brandon Graham, a FIRST ROUND PICK?!
I may be giving me Fun but – sometimes – not a great deal of Respect.
Learning that my child was transgender was like turning a key and feeling all the tumblers fall into place. Everything made sense: his firm conviction at 3 that he was a boy, his refusal to wear dresses, his persistent dis-ease throughout childhood, his reaction to puberty (horror), and, most alarmingly, his bouts during his teens with suicidal feelings. He knew who and what he was — he always had. When he finally told me, I knew in my bones that it was true. I’d even had inklings before he summoned the remarkable courage to come out. None of that makes the emotions any less raw upon learning that the child you raised as a girl for 26 years is, in fact, a boy. This is the child to whom I gave a girl’s name, imbued with my own girlish hopes, nurtured the mother-daughter bond that I had with my own mother — a bond based, it seemed to me, on our common gender. What was my relationship with this person if he is my son? How do I learn how to have a son? I’d thought of myself as the mother of a daughter for a quarter of a century.
Woman occupies a position all her own in the eternal economy of the Creator; and in that position she is as truly superior to man as is he to her in his appointed place. Woman shall yet come to her own, exercising her rights and her privileges as a sanctified investiture which none shall dare profane. (James E. Talmage)
“Well, I think you saw it in Avengers. I think that’s one of the many amazing things Joss Whedon can do. I think people are going to be surprised by how powerful Scarlett is in this movie, and how evolved her role is. We have already planned her next appearances and where to take that character because we believe in it and we believe in her in a big, big way. When will there be a standalone? Both is what we’re heading toward. A lot of it is that we’re only going to make two movies a year, maybe sometimes it’ll be one movie a year like this year, maybe someday it’ll be three movies a year just depending on what comes together. But really, it’s two movies. So there’s kind of a backup on the runway right now in terms of when can something go. We do like when some of the characters appear in other people’s movies…that’s probably where you’ll see Black Widow next. But my favorite scene in Avengers is when Loki and Widow are having their scene together and Loki’s in a cell, and he’s trying to rile her up by mentioning things like “the hospital fire.” Who knows what those things are? We haven’t seen any of those things in other movies! What were those things, what do they mean? I love that. I’d love to explore that deeper.”
75008 Paris
collegiate edition.
Cole's story isn't the only goodie to go along with the paperback release. In the back of the paperback itself, you'll find the first chapter of Victoria's new book, THE ARCHIVED, which doesn't come out until January!
breaks the wit that I had borne.
This walkway, so crowded in the day, was deserted, just another couple of people ahead of us, and Mr. Optimist by my side decided he would like a beer, vaguely remembering seeing a bar in the parallel street.
So I go on with my days….
The flight will
While the kids play putt-putt and scoff down a kilogram or two of delectable treats from the Little Miss Piggy Ice-Cream Parlour, check out some local art at Zulu-Lulu, Mutasa Arts and Crafts and Sterlings Wrought Iron (these guys also offer classes on how to make your own awesome wrought iron creations). If you have a nose for vino, make sure you pop into Meander Fine Wines or if literature is more your taste, then spend a couple of hours browsing the shelves at Huddy’s Books.
The main thing to remember is to enjoy the experience, the whole process runs much more smoothly if you relax and have a giggle. There’s nothing more fun than helping a fellow girl find her ideal dress, try on shoes, throw on a tiara and prance about in a veil – that’s why at times my job can be perfect, follow my little guide and you’ll make another Bridal Consultant’s day super special too.
1 scant cup sugar
Come out to Draught House Pub & Brewery to chat with the board members of Open The Taps and join the movement to make Texas more craft beer friendly!
On our first trip, a busy Friday night, there was some kind of snafu and I ordered the Lentil burger. Mildly disappointed, we decided to consider it a potential twist of fate and tried it rather than revising our order. I’ve had the lentil burger at Blanc, too, and the two were similar but the one at TBS was the tastier of the two, hands down. I’d suspect a lot of people would have considered this lentil patty over-seasoned. It was, indeed, quite salty. But lentils have an otherwise dull taste, so I was appreciative of the added flavor. Also adding unique flavor to the lentil burger were green beans that seemed to be pickled and a roasted red pepper sauce. At blanc, the lentil burger seemed like a consolation – not something they were as proud of. And I remember its wheat bun being very wheaty and dry in the mouth. Advantage TBS.
Just in case you've done temari before and are interested (and so I will remember!), the method I used to mark the C10 was to just use the V-ruler to place 12 pins on the ball. Your other choices would be to start from a simple 10 division or from a simple 4, apparently. It worked out pretty well...only one of my triangles was off, but I suspect that happened because my ball wasn't totally round (and I suspect THAT happened one of the times it flew across the room and thunked onto the floor...as opposed to the times when it just zipped over and thwacked my hubby. Hilarity!)
200. Lego!!
Kortney Ryan Ziegler, 25, shut down her blog, Blac(k)ademic, because of the onslaught of negative comments she received last summer. Ziegler, who lives in Chicago and is pursuing her PhD at Northwestern University, blogged under her alter ego, Nubian, about the racism, sexism and homophobia she experiences and observes in her life and in the media.
Collect tokens by doing the quests at the Darkmoon Faire. You can get up to 145 tokens per Darkmoon Faire so you could do it in three Faire’s but most likely it will take 4. I intend to farm one of these.
Before I had joined the praise team, while attending a ladies retreat, I was standing beside a woman I didn’t know at all. We were in a circle holding hands praying, and this lady raised my hand up to her mouth and kissed it! I was in awe as this was obviously the Lord. In kissing my hand, something in the spiritual realm broke off of me and I heard a rhema word as God revealed that my hands had been cleansed and from then on were pure and holy, to be used by Him, for Him.
with good kitty energy before I set off for the weekend.
Other shades I like the look of: Raspberry Rhapsody, Scandal and Electro Peach.
Last year, I blew it off and...gasp!...sent out little bags of Fun Dip. This year, however, out of respect and out of the fundamental need in me to not.break.the.rules, (nerd alert!) I came up with this...
Below are the original liner notes I wrote up for the (aborted) original mastering of the mono transfer, so as to keep everything together in case this post gets linked elsewhere. And on that note, I'm happy with people linking or using the language on this site in their own articles/writeups; all I ask for is accreditation and a ping in the comments.
On Wednesday I did not sell a single PB & Gender! Customers claimed that it sounded “too sweet”, “too desserty”, and “like not a ‘real’ lunch.” On Friday, they went gaga.
Heard on American Freedom Radio promo spots:
Riga seminar reminder. If you happen to be in Latvia later this month and are looking for a pleasant blend of education, excitement and networking, there's a neat little seminar coming up in Riga on Friday 27 April. It's called "IP Protection in the Digital Environment" and it is the brainchild of the AIPPI Latvian National Group. The seminar team consists of two members of the IPKat team (Jeremy and Annsley, both of whom have written chapters in the freshly-published Google and the Law, here), as well as 1709 Blog team blogger Eleonora Rosati. If you want to join us, check out the programme here and register here.
When our doctor walked in, though, she just calmly said, "well, the fluid has gone up, but it's not in the baby's body, so that's good!" I thought...um, okay? Our doctor looked that baby up and down, clearly looking for some sort of clue that would lead her to the cause of all of this fluid. Nothing. At this point, our 13 week old baby is showing no signs of a cause for this fluid. She looked at the baby's heart, measured it's arms and legs, you name it, she looked at it. And although it's so nerve wracking to watch someone, so intently look at your baby, searching for something wrong with it, I'm so glad that she is.
The third one is literature field. It is related to different literature types including poetry, novels, short story, literature critique and writing plays. The first winner of the Sultan Qaboos Appreciation Award for Culture, Arts and Literature will be granted the Sultan Qaboos Order for culture, Arts and Literature alongside a sum of RO 100,000.
Fernando ALONSO: Well I don’t know. It is difficult to know. I saw the problem in the pit-stop with Sebastian and we were in the lead at that moment. I didn’t know as I was also fighting with (Lewis) Hamilton and with Mark and I left the pits and I found myself leading the race and then pulling a good gap. You never know. The race was in different conditions. We started with a very wet part of the circuit and then it was a little bit dry, but still with intermediate tyres. Then the intermediates were struggling a little and we were very quick at that part of the race and then with the dry tyres it was again the same thing. Very slow at the beginning when the track was damp and very quick when the track was dry so I knew that it was a race to be calm, to put the car on the track always, no mistakes, not being off the track at any moment as the grass is very wet and with no mistakes I knew the car had enough pace to fight for the victory. At the end it came.
The older neoconservatives are of course ex-Trotskyists so lack the traditional conservative suspicion of the State. They just want to use the State in a more realistic and genuinely benign way than their former brethren on the Left. But lovers of the State they are. I personally am very glad that no type of neoconservatism seems to have any mass following. Their influence seems to be solely of a think-tank kind. Note this report by Corey Robin titled "Grand designs" about the current thinking of Irving Kristol, probably the leading light among the founders of neoconservatism. He has what I can only call a horrifying vision for America. He wants America to become the world's new dictator, no less -- for the "good" of the rest of the world, of course. He won't sell that idea anywhere in mainstream America. I think Rockwell voices the libertarian reply to the neoconservatives pretty well here.
Nutella and hot tea is served nightly at 9 PM and we are practically lining up in anticipation by 8:45.
The three days will feature readings, presentations, food and fun. Some of the presenters and panelists are Charles Trumbull, Jerome Cushman, Gayle Bull, Marjorie Buettner, Charlotte Digregorio, Francine Banwarth, Melissa Allen, Bill Pauly, Aubrie Cox, Mike Montreuil and Lidia Rozmus. The fee for the three-day festival is $45. This will include all presentations, workshops, readings and the reception and Saturday night picnic. We encourage pre-registration to make it easier to determine the amount of food and facilities needed.
Everything was perfect! So perfect that the first thingt Jasper asked the next morning is, “Can we have a baby again today?”
However, everyone has a dream.
Bruce Lee saw that special thing in Wing Chun that made him use it as his basis for his own martial art, Jeet Kune Do.
I don’t even want to name specific movies – that’s shooting fish in the barrel. The number increases further if you substitute a writer or artist for a scientist. If you’ve seen too many Hollywood films and don’t know better from your own experience, you could be excused for drawing the conclusion that it’s somehow the mental illness that’s responsible for our creativity. I mean, scientific discovery – not to mention art – boils down to blinding flashes of brilliance, and those come hard and fast when you’re seriously kooky, right?
We did close at precisely 3pm EST.
I have loved. I know what love feels like and I also know what love doesn’t feel like.
Glitter for survival
Photo Booth uses the front-facing camera, so hold up your iPad 2, smile, and snap yours truly like crazy. Before Photo Booth captures your photo, it flashes bright white to add light to your face. You can see a preview of yourself before you snap away. And if you think it’s fun for one face, wait until you squeeze in a few.
As a note of reference, vendors please man your booths with people who can speak English in an effective manner. Also, fanboys for your product are great, however, they do not make great employees or demonstrators.
These day-to-day things we go through, the good and bad, the comfortable and unsettling, it all works together to create a larger plan. We can't know it, that plan, but we have to trust it. We have to believe in it. To do anything else would be unproductive. To do anything else would give disappointment too much power.
The big problem is that my wonderful husband is an avid carnivore and I need to be able to continue to at least cook with chicken. My proposed compromise on this issue is that I am going to attempt to change the source of the chicken meat. Living, as I do, in a country where I don't speak very much of the language, certainly not enough to engage in any meaningful debate about the whys and wherefores of the origin of any meat with any shop vendor, this is not going to be easy. However, my plan is to try to get my meat from the traditional markets. They have live chickens at the market and they will kill them for you on the spot. Although this may not sound like much of a compromise to some people out there, trust me if you had read the description that I had of how chickens are slaughtered on masse, you might change your mind.
a serious waste of time and space.
Giving it a shape and a new face with glow,
Have a Happy and Safe Carnival to All. See you Ash Wednesday!
Keep telling yourself that these people are ‘working hard’ for you.
I did not know that he was in the movie! Do you guys recognise him? If so, can you tell me where he’s from. No not his origins i.e. country but what TV series is he from. And for the girls out there … what do you think of him?
Let other dogs snarl and fight,
There were many more highlights in that short time, these are just a few, the atmosphere was always jovial and I thank my travelling companions for making it so enjoyable with some great anecdotes from everyone especially Mr.G and great organisation from Edge, thanks to all :-)
Enter: Park Howell
SCHLESSINGER: All right. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Can't have this argument. You know what? If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race. If you're going to marry out of your race, people are going to say, "OK, what do blacks think? What do whites think? What do Jews think? What do Catholics think?" Of course there isn't a one-think per se.
Spengler, a ponderous interbellum Teuton, was not keen on jazz or any other form of "negro" music, so it's fair to say he would not have enjoyed Mama Africa's democratic syncopations any more than the on-beat flow of Ices Cube or T.
Dress wear guidance
As of January 1, 2012, Dewey & LeBoeuf had 190 equity partners (one-third fewer than the separate firms’ combined total in 2000) and 114 non-equity partners (twice as many as in 2000).
Indeed, each month in your calendar is and has ben crucial to the bringing-forth of so many pure energies and to the continual building-up of the disclosure announcements that are to hit you like a ton of bricks whenever you see such things on your TVs.
So starting at the top we concentrated on securing what's still standing and patching up minor damage. On the top two or three terraces the damage isn't too bad except some bits near the messy neighbour's land. On a few places just a bit of the front of the terrace has slumped down by a few feet. So the strategy here is to first support the remaining bit before it also collapses and takes the rest down several terraces, then build another support wall on the sunken bid like so:
I remember reading an article on one of the conservative websites about our President. A lot of Christians were bashing him, and one liberal voice stuck out to me in the comments section. She said, “Why are you so disrespectful to our President. The office deserves respect.”
A world where all your decisions are laid out before you. Who you will marry. Where you will work. Even when you will die. A strictly regimented Society where everything that you have ever done and ever will do is predicted by the Officials and their computers. Almost everything from the past is destroyed. Only one hundred poems, songs, and movies that were chosen long ago, remain as a window to the creative minds that once were. This is where we meet Cassia on the day she is to be Matched.
It is that time again! Inky Impressions is having a Design Team call. We are looking for enthusiastic, friendly and talented stampers to help promote our products and to provide inspiration to the stamping community, through your personal blog and online galleries!
Honestly, I find that writing is a great form of self-therapy. I get the chance to reflect upon my own flaws & ills, I get to self-examine my own problems, and I get to learn more about myself, as a Muslim, as a Man, and as a Human.
Well, The Bitch too has had a novel written about her, and she too knows how it feels, and therefore, like Greer, how certain people in Brick Lane might feel. God, what a nitwit that woman in that novel was! And what a sly, self-seeking cow, the way she did the dirty on the wonderful, sensitive, generous yet tortured hero (my ex's vision of himself). God, did I feel defiled, picked over, used, abused, you name it - and the effects were physical, I really did feel voo-dooed and possessed, my identity stolen, I was a trembling wreck and stopped eating for weeks.
Marlene slapped her hand on her forehead. “That’s it! Lyddia! That’s it! We get the dirt from Molly Pitcher’s grave! Pitcher! Get it? Not a pitcher of dirt! Dirt from Molly Pitcher’s grave! You are a genius. She jumped up and rushed over to a drawer on the television console.
To register please contact Alyssa:
December 29, 2011 Thursday
2) "Good luck figuring out what I did to your engine"
I’m thinking they’d be easier and prettier if they were simple circles filled with jam instead of the long rolls. But I guess that would mean taking the twist out of "twist on the thumbprint cookie". Oh well. Luke liked them, so they were worth the trouble. And while they don't have any chocolate chips or peanut butter, I'm still guessing these won't be around for long.
Sadly, most Americans are not fired up about turning this country around. Way too many of them realize that things are getting worse, but they have "checked out" and are just going through the motions of life.
Remember HE. IS. GOD.
"O for a life of Sensations rather than of Thoughts!"
The lady stuff. My periods are less the 3 weeks apart. It is screwing up with my hormones and other stuff. A couple of years ago I had a biopsy done and found out I have an enlarge uterus. I can have it taken away or just let nature take it’s course cuz sooner or later I’m going to be old enough for it to just shrivel up and quit doing it’s job. I opted for the wait and see. It’s not dangerous, just annoying and I will pray to God that he’ll one day agree with me, that it can go away anytime. Here’s the goody (NOT!!), I ended my period on the 7th of this moth, guess what came today for the ladies tests, yep…it’s here, again!!
“The commission will address country-specific (economic) recommendations to member states and warnings in the case of inadequate responses.”
This whole experience risks upsetting my method of operation, however. If, every time I say a beer doesn’t taste quite right, the makers send me fresh bottles, where’s my incentive for saying that it’s excellent the first time around?
Don’t let people tell you what to think… um, except helpful movie bloggers like yours truly of course… Just check the movie out (or better yet the stage version it’s based on) and decide for yourself…
"I'm so hot that I'm sweating like a meatloaf!"
The Jerusalem Inn is Grimes’s 5th Richard Jury mystery, and considered by many to be her finest novel. Five days before Christmas, Scotland Yard’s Jury meets a beautiful woman in a graveyard. Shortly afterwards, she is found poisoned to death. During this time, Jury’s friend and amateur detective, Melrose Plant, gathers with friends at a medieval manor house for Christmas. The guests are snowed-in and a second murder occurs. As the narrative unfolds, links are discovered between the two murdered women, and Jury and Plant join forces to solve the mystery. This cleverly plotted novel will keep you guessing until the end.
Nowhere did this become more apparent to me than in New Brunswick. There I was, en route from Point A to Point B, zipping right along and making real good time. Funny thing though was how, even as my roadmap was indicating towns all around, it felt like I was in the middle of nowhere. All I could see for miles in every direction was forested hills. And yet there were exits every few miles. Exits to where? I saw no evidence of anything but wilderness!
It turns out that the broker, who did disclose he was related to the seller (his to be in laws), was under some sort of enormous pressure to retain all of the items in the home, and give them to the outgoing seller. This, or course, was despite an agreement we had in both the offer and the purchase and sale. In the end, the sellers reconsidered, and no further legal enforcement was in fact necessary. However, this begs one to further examine ethics in this crazy business of ours, and how we handle ourselves when we are out there selling. The truth is, all he would have had to do was call me and talk with me about the situation he was in, and I am sure we could have come to an agreement of some sort. Instead, he took the “low road” and basically dared us to stop them. Not the right choice, and most certainly, not the ethical one either.
9. No, fish don’t take baths. Why do you ask?
14. (announcer)
The machine, as she calls it, is the hand-held device/micro-ATM that scans her fingerprints to authenticate her unique identity or the 12-digit Aadhaar number for bank transactions.
Mustard seeds - 1/2 teaspoon
learning about the immune system in science the day before we learned about The Black Plague in history!
Do you like the colors? I taught my sisters that my older one looks good in summer/spring colors and my younger one looks good with autumn colors, so they got t-shirts according to my girls’ colors. Well done! I got the purple ruffle shirt for my second child and my sisters gave my first child the ruffle dress almost in the same color. They looked cute together in almost matching outfits. I combined the J.Crew shirts with a white CHEROKEE skirt which was only $10. Don’t you think they go well together? Gotta love CHEROKEE.
It is harder to get approved today as compared to 5 years ago, but for those that try and succeed, the reward is access to the lowest mortgage rates in a lifetime. Mortgage rates continue to push home affordability to all-time highs.
Needless to say, she usually has the 'pick of the litter' when it comes to my scarves. But her life is not all that glamorous! She owns a small farm, raises chickens (and contemplating sheep, also) grows her own vegetables and is an expert woodworker as well as an unbelievable sewer and knitter. She also speaks like 5 languages......I give her hell whenever I see her. It keeps her grounded.
The old saying ‘when you’re a hammer, everything in the world looks like a nail’ is, mutatis mutandis, true of America’s oversexualized society. When sex is all a society thinks about, it’s everywhere in everything.
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC95. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!
Sweet potatoes (Ipomoea batatas) are yellow or orange elongated tubers with tapered ends. The paler-skinned sweet potato has a thin skin with pale yellow flesh. Despite its name, it is not sweet and its texture is similar to a white baking potato. The darker-skinned sweet potato (the one that is often mistakenly called a yam) has a thicker skin and bright orange flesh that is moist and sweet.
Conversely, the prices of the leading companies in the US and the world are selling at historically low valuations; even after the recovery since March, 2009. Further, unlike the income from bonds, dividend income from stocks can rise over time…in addition to possible share price growth. Additionally, and of particular importance for long-term investing like retirement, bonds offer you no ability to protect against loss of your buying power.
Anyway, Gurtash, Mortimer DOES take a lot of time and attention, not that I really mind, but a little help on busy days or when I have to be away from Orgrimmar might be handy, come to think of it. I’ll see about bringing you over to Grommash Hold for a visit and see if we can set something up…just watch the talons until he gets used to you! Seriously. Wyverns are cool and all, but until they decide they can trust you, they don’t take any crap from anyone. If you do a good job with him, who knows, maybe next Winter’s Veil there might be a stray wyvern cub flapping around needing a home. Who knows?
heat, stirring often. Add rice
-First.. our very own Josie has accepted and is now going to be the freedigitalstamps DT Lead!!! :) WOOHOO!!! She is amazing and is always stepping up to the plate to help us out!! So let's Congratulate her okay!! Oh for those of you who have offered to help.. she will be emailing you and letting you know what you can do :)
BAD STUFF: This could have been a lot better, given what it was. This kind of movie has high potential, to me, and it failed to live up to it.
New drawer pulls- $2 for both
I come to you once again with a heavy heart. My beloved Duchess passed away this evening. She died peacefully in my arms. I pray she knew how very much she was loved. I think she did. The time we had together was far too short. I am not ready to say goodbye.
Over the next 2 weeks I will be setting up and settling in. I am looking at probably a March 15th re-opening. I will keep you all posted as things progress. So far I'm loving it!
“We encourage The Washington Post to consider the arguments presented here to provide better coverage of these issues,” the message from the Cuban Interests Section in Washington concluded.
But let's back up just a little shall we? Say....30-35 years or so. You see, the only evergreens that grow in this part of Alabama are either pines or cedars. Now, when I was a child we always had a cedar tree. They grew prolifically on our land and if we couldn't find a suitable one there, our neighbors would always welcome us to look on their land for one to cut. From what I remember we always had a good time, going out to choose the tree. Sometimes we would even hitch the horse to a little sleigh-like contraption we had. We would all ride on the way over and then let the tree ride back to the house so it would not get torn up from being dragged. And we were happy with our cedar tree...until we got older. Then we began to see what other people had and what they had in town and our little minds began to turn and we began to think that maybe what we had wasn't good enough. And sure enough, it wasn't long before the unspoken truth crystallized in our minds. Cedar trees were what poor people had for Christmas trees. Now, we were by no means wealthy but we were not what I would call poor, but God knows, Christmas is certainly THE time to keep up all those appearances, so we confided to our parents that we needed a "bought" tree. You know, one of the real Christmas trees, the Frasier firs, even a Douglas fir! Anything but the homely, scrawny little "corndogs" as we so derisively began to call the cedars. I suppose in the spirit of the season, or the spirit of just getting us to shut up, our parents went along with us and from then on we had our bought tree. Smug in our self satisfaction and conformity we all carried this on into adulthood and I must sadly admit it has been my one weakness, my one last holdout in my personal Christmas vigil against the rampant consumerism. Boycott Black Friday? Of course! Handmade presents? Certainly! Have a local, native, unendangered tree? Uuhhh, I think I smell the ham burning, excuse me please...Oh, I've used every excuse in the book; 'the firs are so pretty and they look like what a Christmas tree is supposed to look like!' 'I'm supporting a local merchant by buying one' and on and on and on. But it all comes back to that little unspoken suggestion I learned as a child by observing, a little too closely, what other people have. Cedar trees are what poor people have for Christmas trees. In all of my unconventional life spent thumbing my nose at what society thought, I could not admit to myself my true aversion to this simple thing. This simple and stupid thing.
“I was interviewing a young man for a customer service position. He had worked at a hair salon, and in describing his experience there, he said, ‘I had to deal with a lot of old biddies.’ Needless to say, that’s where his candidacy ended.”
48. Dragonslayers: Bruce Coville
Were they important to you?
This was one of the first shows Atticus and I ever watched together, back when we were dating oh-so-many years ago. A few months back, we watched it again and though it's now rather dated, it's really lovely, and funny and poignant and I loved it as much as I did the first time around.
“Few performers of stage or screen can claim as diverse a legacy as Deenie Nast. She’s shone as a star in film, theatre, television, radio, and vaudeville for more than 9 decades and shows no sign of slowing down. The world was first introduced to her incorrigible talent and personality when, at the age of two she stole the vaudeville stage from the headlining dwarf. The unplanned interruption was quickly incorporated into the act and Deenie became the main attraction of what came to be billed as “Little Deenie the Pipsqueak!” Deenie learned quickly using her strong personality and unique voice to create her own vaudeville routines at a very early age until she was eventually controlling her own career by the age of 17.
by Audioslave
To listen.
c. A knife
The journey was well worth the effort and I will be returning in June to see everyone again.
The movement of the politician is influenced by how many other people cluster around her. The Higgs particles are like these party activists and the former Prime Minister is like matter itself.
Three marathons bagged and, by far, Big Sur was the best. Just a truly remarkable experience.
I have never liked the N word, and back when I was 18, a girl I liked a lot told me how much she disliked people that used the C word, so I don't use that one either, although Lenny Bruce could do it and get away with it! I have been known to throw around the F word on occasion, but for the most part, I hate the whole alphabet, it does nothing but cause problems! All that aside, I'll bet you that the fried chicken and french fries for a dollar and a quarter was all good at this restaurant!!
Here are a couple new state ATC's I made for Swap-Bot - Missouri and Montana:
But they answer, "Are your cowslips of the meadows
We had four guest lecturers today in my classroom -- all from the Columbia Astronomy Department. They had an engaging presentation about galaxies, light, telescopes, and gravity.
Unfortunately, we live in a country where paranoia has become standard operating procedure.
Date added
A most unexpected, thoughtful, wonderful surprise.
This chap has appeared in a little grove in the Botanical Gardens. Though without any labels that we could find, it is Thomas Houseago's Untitled (Lumpy figure) from 2009. Back in November in my Edinburgh Mostly blog, I featured a sculpture I didn't know the origin of. Turns out this is also by Thomas Houseago and is called Rattlesnake figure (aluminium) - the botanic gardens say it is made of bronze on their website and in reality looks a lot like wood - they're trying to confuse me I see. There are a few others by Mr Houseago at the gardens.
The reason why I want to organize, other than the fact that I HATE looking for things, is because I also hate clutter and mess. Living in an apartment, we don't have that much storage space. And maybe, just maybe, we have too much stuff, but then again maybe not ;)
Yes, you read the title correctly, strep for Christmas. Me, Husband, now possibly Grandson and Youngest.
Nov 5-6 – Blackfalds Field House – Inland Concrete
border- sc on row ends, 3 sc in leaf tip, sc other row ends, sew to stem.
Tip-toe Thru' The Tulips With Me
I know we can afford it.
I Sell Soul by Rocket From the Tombs
Even if we don’t know who wrote Hebrews it is still clearly quite accurate and consistent with the rest of the bible. But since you have disqualified Hebrews since the Author is ambiguous here are some other places in scripture where the change between the Old and new Covenant is mentioned in Galatians 3:24-25, 5:18; Romans 6:14 and 10:4. When Jesus told the disciples to obey the laws in the old testament he meant that they should follow the authorities of the law at that time, which were the pharisees. As for the Old Covenant, it wasn’t a matter of the Covenant being flawed. It was flawless. The problem was…we weren’t we were still flawed. And again this Covenant wasn’t with the human race as a whole, only with the Israelites, his sole chosen people at the time. He made the New Covenant so he could save not only the Israelites, but the whole of humanity because he loves us that much. And yes to a degree the Law was flawed for the purpose God wanted it to fulfill, which changed from getting his people, the Israelites, to follow him to saving the entire human race from their own sin. And God didn’t create Hell, we did. Hell isn’t so much a place as much as it is a state of being in eternal separation from God. And our choice to sin separates us from God thus creating Hell. As for actual Historical evidence for the bible, the bible has been proven and tested many times to be the most historically accurate book ever written. The only other piece of written literature that even comes close is the Iliad. As a matter of fact that is the biggest thing that separates the bible from the other “Holy Books” as you call them. The Bible is unbelievably accurate both historically and prophetically. The other “Holy Books” are no where close to it. Even Homer fell short. Here are a few examples of the bibles historical accuracy:
The cost of an in-person reiki session is also $45, and can be combined in a 3-session package for $115. For distance reiki, the cost is $35 per session, or $95 for three. Again, feel free to save those sessions for yourself, or give someone the incredible gift of receiving reiki.
Dungeon Defenders
Perhaps I lived another life,
In pursuit of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, negotiators have overlooked an important element pertaining to the Arab-Israeli conflict - the uprooting of these 850,000 Jews from Arab nations, the loss of their assets and property, and the difficulties they underwent upon migrating to Israel and their absorption.
The sweetest handcrafted items, like these paper flowers with button centres, are just waiting to catch your eye. As are the little bottles filled with juice that later become tiny vases or small drink containers to pair with the striped straws.
There was a whole fictitious story behind why I was getting the camera,which of course I found to be false, but I’m super excited. I got in last night about 3 am and didn’t go to bed until about 6am. I’m was and I am way too amped to sleep. I am forever grateful to receive a great gift!!
My peace, my peace is all I’ve got and all I've ever known
their ends painted an intrusive shade of red.
Boo had to have surgery yesterday and some of her hip bone removed. She came home this morning with a cone and a bare tushy and is resting in her favorite spot on our bed. We are glad to have our little girl back. She is always around to help with card making, homework, any computer work and as always to pounce on our dog Barney.
Spike we need these sequels quite frankly this generation has been deprived of intellectual film making. It’s seems black means to wear dresses and fat suits. it looks like the message from bamboozled didn’t get through. Not quite sure how this can be maybe you should re-release all your films in 3-D.
And we’re back
okey dokey, i think mom's breakfast is ready! time 2 wake her up and get her out of bed by telling her we barfed monkey chow all over the family room rug!
We can never go home.
I'm working on a few smaller projects in my free time (which is sadly less these days) until we settle. We've been traveling about doing our homework from place to place. As anxious as I am for my family to get situated in our new place, sometimes it pays off to be a little patient. So, in the meantime my cold hands are getting a new pair of mitts. Ry's likely to score a pair as well...we're not used to these temps anymore. :) It's a simpler, small design fit for travel - perfect for me while we're out and about. I'll post on them later. I also busted out another Buttercup Scarflet in a gorgeous deep gray yarn (my 1st time using this...and not the last) via special request...something I rarely do with my full needle load, but made an exception...I only hope it's well received. My real excitement currently lies in a special pattern I'm finishing as well. It's a rewrite this time around, of one of my older scarf patterns. I've redesigned the entire pattern and made her a reversible cable scarf with a seed stitch frame. The scarf is Cupid. That one is coming too - along with the finished yet unreleased prior patts...when all comes together in the land of relocation. :) More details on Cupid in a coming post as well.
This is about three-four weeks of IMM, so I know it seems like a lot, but really, it's not. :) Here goes! (Just click the pictures to enlarge them!)
I went out for a drink with my dad tonight. Now, dad and I don't always see eye to eye. He lets me run the bar as I see fit, and he's happy with the result. In the kitchen, occasionally he'll over-rule me a suggest I do a special in a different way, or with a different sauce. But on the whole recently we seem to be agreeing a lot more, which is making life a bit easier for both of us and work a bit more fun.
With my eyes on the blinds.
Downhill now, along a lane between dense hedges, then onto a barely discernible footpath through unkempt hedgerows and more overgrown fields of seeding wildflowers. Then, my planned route seems to peter out altogether: no sign of the footpath that on the map at least heads to the edge of woodland at the foot of Wickham Cliff, just another field of bird and bee food, including deep claret millet. A different footpath, this one along a track, heads along a bearing only a few degrees to the west, so I take the well-trodden path downhill to the edge of the reedbeds of Pannel Valley Nature Reserve.
Chondayengerwa Chogurweyi
marionettes on severed strings,
James Bond movies sum up all the things I love in life: Guns, men in black tuxedos, beautiful women, sex, music and the lifestyle.
Studying abroad for their junior year of high school, they run wild in the Tuileries, hold clandestine parties in their host families' luxe apartments, take over tiny crowded cafes and generally live the glamorous life.
F: No, quite honestly. I’ve spent the last 13 years being a Mom and I haven’t really had much time to keep in touch with the music scene around the world. It’s not really a priority. People send me interviews, or they ring me up for an interview and then they send me their magazine or they send me their book after publication. And then I read about it. But I haven’t really heard anything. I haven’t heard any Riot Grrl music. I don’t even know what it sounds like!
this makes me sad. but hardly surprised. i am not a preadolescent boy, but i have done my share of hiding knitting through my life. it's a complicated subject, and one i still don't understand, why it's this way. back in 1974 elizabeth zimmerman wrote that knitting is almost an orphan among accepted crafts. have things changed enough in the last forty years? would she be happy with the way things are now? although this book was written in 1992, now twenty years later, i am not sure. (i haven't read the book yet, maybe it'll have a different story than what i'm imagining).
But then in the midst of all that, trying to inhale the water in the tub, he suddenly thought of his parents who loved him so much.
I was a model child. In the year since I started nursery I was never even scolded. I was quiet and withdrawn and spent a lot of time staring blankly out of windows. I had a wonderful teacher for that first year (of her, some other time) but my best friend Sandra had got her dad to have her transferred to an older group and I made my parents transfer me too so we could be together.
Where have you been all my life?
We are proud to announce the start of a new adventure for The Fitness Retreat. Not only offering the best Weight Loss and Fitness experience in Europe, We have now expanded to work with US Equipment Giants Hyperwear (www.hyperwear.com) and EXF Perform Better (www.exf-fitness.com) in the UK.
While watching the news on Thursday evening, I was saddened to hear the report about an eleven year old boy who had been hit by a car while crossing avenue Gambetta in the 20th arrondissement. He was on his way to a fencing class with a friend and lost his life in the process.
Meanwhile, Liu is still in jail, serving out an 11-year sentence. Liu Xia, who had enjoyed relative freedom even after her husband was sentenced in December 2009, was placed under unofficial house arrest in Beijing shortly after the 2010 Peace Prize announcement, where she still remains.
That very night he had quietly slipped away into the darkness shoving a few apples from the kitchen rack in his bag on his way out.
Now of COURSE we want to promote our new books, but because cozies are so fun, we thought we'd SHARE the fun!
Öl/øl is of course also the Scandinavian word for beer, and it makes sense that Rostock beer would acquire the name Rostocker öl — it’s nothing more or less than Swedish for Rostock beer, and Rostock is very near Sweden and there was a large export trade.
We must..be content with the simple French word place ; it has the advantage of being essentially the same word as the Italian piazza and the German platz ; and if at present it does not convey a sufficiently definite idea, perhaps it may be possible for us to pack more meaning into it.
Foodie Contest
Here are the gorgeous creations of Team B...
One of the guys said (a little dully), "Yeah."
Add the water and coconut milk, stir and close with a lid. Let it cook for about 5 to 6 minutes on medium-high heat.
Here’s the best of the photos:
Chad: A wooo oOOo
I used cod to be in keeping with the traditional fish digit and to get that customary orange crumb I've dry fried some chorizo then whizzed it with the bread to make the bread crumbs. There is enough oil in the chorizo to then just bake them in the oven - simples!
There was a living room/bedroom when you entered the house, next to that was a bathroom on the right side I think, on the left side there was a kitchen/dining room I think, and there might have been a small laundry room next to that.
www.7-election.com
A scrummy stick pin from Meg's Garden and an acrylic star pin tucked in there on the left next to the photo.
A most excellent meal!
various technology industries.Each program lasts one hour; is downloadable; and
Colleen never once put a bouquet of flowers on the table. There was never room anyway because she typically fed a table full of folks with an array of serving dishes full to the brim — fried potatoes, gravy, corn, green beans, meatloaf, biscuits, food she could whip up on a dime.
"Bar Rescue" is a bit of a misnomer. What Taffer, a noted New York hospitality industry guru, deals with is full-service eating-and-drinking establishments. And, his shows deal with the food as well as the drinks, along with service, decor and marketing. His on-camera persona is alternately gruff, encouraging, teaching and, ultimately, decisive. Another altogether satisfactory alternative to Ramsay.
Adrenaline pumping from the power walk to deliver snacks straight to the classroom (which, from the main entrance, is the very last freaking class room in the entire building) I managed to get back out on to road to zero traffic. Remember, there's no shoulder and the window doesn't work. So I scooch far over in the lane without dropping mom's car into the boggy ditch and get out of the car and start snapping photos. I'm taking my last photo when I see a logging pickup come around the corner and the look on his face confirms what he's thinking....
Well said, Ellen.
Of course, no one is perfect. When we first got married, one of our first arguments involved me yelling at Patrick for leaving a dirty bowl in the sink for days without washing it because as EVERYONE knows, you're supposed to rinse the bowl out and put it in the dishwasher as soon as you're finished. Consequently, I also learned that it's weird and annoying when I leave multiple used paper towels laying around on the kitchen sink to use for later.
Given old Mr. Shakespere a run for his money
Experts testified that postpartum psychosis prevented Yates from knowing right from wrong. With treatment, the delusions and hallucinations cleared and Yates realized what she had done.
They inspire me,
i am pleased i found shoes
It’s an absurd excuse to say that after a task has been given and clarified, it is a basic expectation for the subordinate to deliver the goods on his own and take it upon himself to ask questions and clarify details when needed. It’s like saying it’s not any supervisor’s responsibility to follow up on the progress of the tasks, to check up on the person to see if he’s doing well, and to give feedback to correct or improve performance. What’s worse is when supervisors say they don’t have the time or they appear that they don’t have time, which is on purpose.
T.J. was a big draw for us back in the day. It was, and most probably still is, a typically scruffy border town with a downtown area populated largely by bars and strip clubs and otherwise deriving its livelihood from the plump pockets of tourists flocking there to buy cheap booze, leather goods and Mexican bric-a-brac. As teens we heard much about what went on in those bars, most of it secondhand. Avidly interested in such things, we, of course, passed the information on to one another like telling a secret in a circle until the stories grew to involve scantily clothed women, elephants, a midget and a flock of Canadian geese. For most of us, what went on in the smoke-filled rooms beyond the swinging doors was left solely to our active imaginations.
-Reactor vessels for light water cooled reactors are manufactured of low carbon alloy steel to secure strength
‘Oh’.
Dave Alexander was the original bassist for The Stooges, who were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010. However, Alexander was fired from the band in 1970 after his drinking problem became too much, and he showed up too drunk to play at music festival. Five years later, he died in an Ann Arbor, Michigan hospital due to pulmonary edema, relating to pancreatitis. The disease was due to his heavy drinking. Iggy Pop, the vocalist for the Stooges, mentioned Alexander on his solo album The Idiot, with the lyrics, “How about Dave? OD’d on alcohol.”
Anti-racist is just a code word for anti-White!
I therefore put it to you that there is reasonable doubt
We can also see this softness in the fact that the broader U6 measure of unemployment (which includes discouraged workers, the marginally attached, and the underemployed) has been stubbornly high. Even during the white-hot labor market of 2000, when U3 fell to 4% and we actually started to see some wage growth for the first time in a long time, the U6 rate never fell below 6.8%. U6 stayed quite high throughout most of the early recovery in 2003-5, and stayed above 8% at the best of the most recent recovery. And in each business cycle, the nadir of unemployment ratchets upward – 7% in 2000, 8% in 2007, and I shudder to think what our new floor will become.
And of course, they are right to say that “Marx also argued that they cannot conceivably replace the capitalist economy, bit by bit.” Yet, unlike the Stalinists of the AWL, who openly argue against the building of Worker Owned Co-operatives, wherever Marx makes this statement it is combined with an open demand that workers SHOULD establish such Co-operatives. Rather than arguing that workers should not establish Co-operatives, because they cannot simply replace Capitalism, Marx argues that ultimately, this limitation will mean that workers have to struggle to win State power, and that they will be better placed to do that, the more they advance their own economic and social position, transforming themselves into becoming fit to rule in the process, and a central component of doing that will indeed involve the building of Worker Owned Co-operatives, as part of the overall class struggle. Moreover, Marx makes clear that he does see the building of such Co-operatives both as occurring within the continuation of the market, and extending nationally on a gradual basis. In Capital Vol.III, which was published by Engels near the end of his life, and without any note to say that changes had invalidated Marx's earlier argument, he writes,
The destruction caused by Maggie Thatcher and how we're all paying for it now.
Speaking on a conference call Friday, Donovan heralded a bill introduced this week by Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., that encourages homebuyers who don’t have a Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Federal Housing Administration-backed loans to refinance.
Our own USDA inspected butchering facility! Organic certification! A booth at the farmers market! A store front! The possibilities are endless, and endlessly thrilling.
I had no idea, except that if you're following directions, if someone tells you to turn at the McDonalds and it should be the Burger King, odds are you're not going to even look at the Burger King unless you never find a McDonalds, which is more or less how I figured out what she meant.
And to wrap things up for the weekend, I made this breakfast that I had mentioned in last week's breakfast post HERE. I thought they were really tasty and came out perfectly! If you have to make breakfast for a large group, it's a great way to get the eggs cooked all at the same time.
Paint happens but it can be controlled if we are aware of our environment.
What happened? Ever since the spinning class I started thinking what I wanted to achieve. I also started thinking about achieving, reaching my little goals in life. Let me give you an example:
About nFusion
Point One. The Victorian "spirit theater" atmosphere would probably have been even stronger and more obvious than it is today. In an earlier post, I argued that it was the Gracey-Crump team who gave the Haunted Mansion the unique feel of a 19th-century magic show or house of illusions, using tricks and gimmicks taken from that era. Judging by the feedback I've received, this "magic show" analysis seems to have set well with some veteran Imagineers. Also, in looking through the materials, I keep finding things that confirm that Rolly and Yale did indeed conceive of the HM in this way. Jason Surrell says that "many of the gags Rolly and Yale developed were inspired by some of the grand illusions and stage magic created by 19th-century magicians," citing Rolly in this regard: "The illusions Yale and I were perfecting were based on the 'black art boxes' and 'spirit cabinets' that had been used for many years by magicians" (Surrell, The Haunted Mansion, p. 20). Don't know how I missed that quote the first time around.
Using a standard population forecast model for animals, the results of this week’s work has prevented 5,092,000 dogs and 4,070,000 cats which could have otherwise been born over the next 6-7 years.
The college was then ordered, by Elizabeth’s Privy Council, to hand over the MA because ‘it was not her Majesties pleasure that anie one emploied as he had been in matters touching the benefit of his Countrie should be defamed by those that are ignorant in th’ affaires he went about.’
LH American Pale Ale
An acrid hint of stale cigarette smoke
So was the price.
Insurance Agents, Brokers, & Related Activities
There's little doubt in my mind that No. 1 - and the similar products from other Scottish breweries - are the origin of Belgian Scotch Ale. The only difference being that the examples produced in Scotland (and England, oddly) for the Belgian market retained gravities at a pre-WW I level. So like this beer.
The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan (and Brandon Sanderson)
Waller CL, McKinney JD. Three-dimensional quantitative structure activity relationships of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds: Model validation and Ah receptor characterization. Chem Res Toxicol 1995; 8: 847-858.
- 1 can coconut milk
Look at the picture with E and J feeding the horse.....did you look at it? Because you can see my parents house in this picture.... Okay now look at the horse's right ear. You'll see some trees off in the distance right by his ear. Then you'll see to the right of those trees a roof top that is grey-ish, that looks like it has a tree with red leaves coming out of the top of it.... you see it? Yep, That's my parents house! We're that close, and we love it.
Dress; Rose Pink-Pink Carnation-Blossom
This past Saturday night, my long-time band herbie had the pleasure of performing at the familiar O'Reilly's Tap Room at the Best Western Premier for the launch party of the new Millbock Brewing Company out of Dauphin County. Just to give a brief bit of history, O'Reilly's has since become my Thursday night home away from home for the past two years, as I perform there every week with The Think Tank. Lucky for me, they also have a fantastic beer selection! So I was equally thrilled to be playing a herbie show at a familiar place with lots of good beer. For the past two years, we'd limited our gig roster to just a single gig, a holiday show held at Appalachian Brewing Co. in Harrisburg dubbed "A Very Herbie Xmas." So we doubled our schedule for 2012!
My C-section was not even routine. It took 5 tries to get the IV hooked up and even then they had to put it in the wrong hand. They had a heck of a time giving me the anesthesia. They tried several times and it was only after he hit a nerve that sent an electric shock down my leg and made me jump did he get it in the right place. When they did the surgery, they had troubles with scar tissue and I ended up bleeding a LOT. They never told me during the surgery but they were worried about the bleeding. The only signs I had is that they asked me about my willingness to get a blood transfusion and I started to feel my blood pressure dropping really low. I couldn't breath and I started to get weak and I could feel myself starting to pass out, my eyes were getting too heavy to keep open. The anesthesiologist gave me something to bring it up but it dropped several times throughout the surgery. After my beautiful 8 lb 3 oz baby girl, Princess Sleeps-a-lot, was born, they had to take a long time to clean all the blood out of me. They were moving organs and lifting them up and really giving a working over. The anesthesiologist apologized to me for the pain but said that this part of my body wasn't effected by anything he could give me in my spine. He also asked me if this was my last child. When I told him it was, he looked at me and said that given how this surgery went, it was probably a good idea. At one point, they were lifting and moving things in there like crazy and it turned out that they had left a sponge in there underneath one of my organs and they had to find it!!! When I awoke the next day, it felt like I had been beaten up from my neck down. I was in considerable more pain than I was after having Princess Magpie 17 months previously. The doctor and the anesthesiologist said it was because of all the moving and digging around they had to do in there.
In honor of Blogging for LGBT Families Day, I want to thank all of you who do blog about your LGBT families and your steps towards building them. We are happier, more confident, and, dare I say, better parents because of you.
27) I have been married twice, and engaged three times. I broke off the engagement with that one I didn't marry, and I hope he never tracks me down. He was a cunt.
The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Plant-Based Nutrition, written by Julieanna Hever, M.S., R.D., C.P.T., is an easy to read, information-packed book. Hever focuses on the value of "whole, plant-based foods, with little or no added fat, salt or sugar."
Hey Peeps,
The Prophet opened a page and read from it, ‘A woman needs chalk and cheese best served cold.’
Christmas is drawing nearer now and hope you are all getting organised
Thank you so very much. Some of your blogging friends have visited my blog as a result of your kind gestures, and in turn, I just be making some new blogging friends. And if they are anything like you guys, I am a happy camper.
Todays pattern of the day is Vogue Couturier Pattern 748 dated 1953. Very vintage, very appropriate for today!
Boil the tea and put some toast on.
The nose on this is really sweet and caramelly. The palate is sweet and woody with a fair amount of acid. The finish is sweet bourbon. I have had a number of bottles of Weller Centennial, both Stitzel-Weller and Buffalo Trace, which were excellent, but this one doesn't quite live up to those.
the officer how scared she was and
There is no question that historically Jesus existed.
parents trash.
Judging from your voting record Ricky, you do.
And here’s why. To a writer, the Industry Professional seems a mysterious creature. When we submit work, we think about what the person on the other end might say if they do like it, if they don't, and if they detest it with everything they have. Even if we know what the Professional looks like, we don't tend to think of them in that way when we know they have our work in their hands. We don't think of the person sitting at the other end of the e-mail, we only think about their reaction.
Option 1: 1 cup SMART START Cereal (1 cup skim milk and banana)
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!
Saturday Night
‘What?’ Felicity yelled in objection, but before she had a chance to properly formulate her fears and doubts, the rope jerked upwards and they began rising at breakneck speed. The wind whistled around their ears and their clothes flapped and waved. The acceleration was so sudden that Felicity felt she must have left her internal organs at the top of the tree; but after a few moments she habituated to the movement and began to find a sense of peace. The park, the street, the neighbourhood all shrunk as her field of vision expanded in a smooth and all-encompassing growth.
As it is St George’s day, we are going to acquaint ourselves with one (or two!) of the town’s 19 watering holes this evening… There is exploration to be done!
I forgot I raised it and jammed my right forefinger into the wall at the same time my right big toe got stuck in the lattice weave on its way over....
For the past few months I have been exploring the relationship between food and health as it presents itself at the FeelGood kiosk. As the semester comes to a close, and FeelGood’s George Forman grills are set aside for the summer, I would like to reflect on the experience.
McDonald AD, Lavoie J, Coté R, McDonald JC. Spontaneous abortion in women employed in plastics manufacture. Am J Ind Med 1988; 14: 9-14.
You can see the peyote tube in this picture. I also discovered that I like short fringe using lentils or glass rings in a bead embroidered piece. Some fringe with the glass rings are coming out of the peyote tube.
Quisiera yo renegar de
Plastic file folder tub (recommend the see through kind)
Okay now back to this exciting news that I have to share with you.. or have I just blurted out everything on top? Anyhow, do pop by Little Wed Hen or give Marda a buzz. Check them out and read a little more on what they have to say.
When I came across these polkadot flip flops 40% off at H*bby Lobby,
It is indeed a Herculean task facing Pakatan Rakyat, to repair more than 53 years of damage and counting as BN is still in power.
And here's the finished garment........
I want to vomit. Vomit up such ecstasy of the terror and caffeine pumping up against my cage yes like I am a wild heart. I will vomit and I will most likely apologize and I thinking about this why is Katie apologizing for all the mess why does everything need to be clean and tight and orderly please please don't let me die in the house not the house the clean house.
What I seem to myself, do you ask of me?
I used Stampin Up dimentionals on this project and both layers of the flowers. Stampin Up dimentionals are a lower profile. When doing multiple layers I like the lower profile.
Years ago Lynn visited a gourd show in Virginia and was intrigued by all the creations. There she realized that this was something she wanted to try. When they moved to their farm, she had lots of room to grow gourds, so she dove right in and actually taught herself how to carve.
I have always loved poetry despite its lack of widespread appeal compounded by the likes of Martin Amis who proclaimed it dead several years ago due to lacklustre sales at a particularly turbulent time in the publishing trade. Perhaps the best retort to counteract Amis’ claim would be that of Robert Graves who, when questioned about the subject, some 40 years ago, surmised it with the following: “There’s no money in poetry, but then there’s no poetry in money, either.”
The mandate means to sell our crude to China
Rose Gray, the co-founder of the River Cafe restaurant in London, has died at the age of 71 after a long battle with cancer.
“We negotiate and compromise in everything we do and so far we managed, to issue a Common Policy Framework in 2009 and the Buku Jingga (Orange Book) in 2010, which will give a clear-cut idea to the rakyat on how PR is going to manage the country should we become the Federal Government,” commented Nurul Izzah.
Let us wait how Ocean Tomo does the London auction before giving the final verdict.
There’s less volume here than you’ll find on other tablets, so we recommend investing in a decent pair of headphones to go with it.
carbohydrates, and with the Atkins Diet you can eat everything you like and stay fit in the same time.
Good morning all..
I have been waiting for this day for quite a while! I love spring and all the things that come with it. The beautiful weather, the sunny days and everything blooming and turning green.
When I really needed something to do, I decided to spend the night at Achibadem with my friend Patty. Patty got sick and went into labor at 34 weeks. The doctors were able to stop labor, but with her husband Yamil in England, I decided to be the honorary spouse. Praise the Lord baby Troy hung out until Patty hit 36 weeks and Yamil was back at her side. He just arrived on May 10th!
Which is why I feel guilty when I complain, like when I unloaded on Karla May the night I found out about Papa Turista. Even though cancer has become part of our daily conversation (and that of this neglected blog - I know! I said I was going to ease up on the cancerspeak!), we are still so very blessed. As difficult as it is, especially for Peach, this trial isn't near what some people have to endure every day, forever. And while I wouldn't ever choose it, wish it on anyone, or want to repeat it, we have learned so much, met some unbelievable people, and watched our baby rise to her fullest, best self. So there are some gifts to be had, and things to be thankful for.
Just think…
Please look out for my next post where I will be talking about Tree Preservation Orders.
Thankfully we packed them off home once George had snored his way through most of the Peter Kay DVD. We ended the evening watching The Inbetweeners movie: I hid behind the cushion for most of it. Rory, completely unfazed by his parents watching him with it, roared with laughter and Dougie, rather taken with a whole new supply of rude teenage slang, tottered behind me as we staggered up the stairway to heaven, wondering hopefully if, perhaps tonight, the pony needs feeding....
and it couldn't have been more fun!
**A memory: I went through this phase where I had this deep fear that the toilet seat would be left up and one of our cats would fall in. This horrified me, and every night I would have to ask the parent tucking me in to double check that the seat was down. But I was too embarrassed to say the word “toilet” (I had the weirdest, shyest neuroses) so we made a deal that I would just sign the word for toilet and they would double check. Such patience!
FATE (PC)
Under the Dome-Steven किंग
Thanks for referencing the historic Treaty GW Bush provided with India.
I am very proud of my daughter for making this journey. I am even prouder that she spent the last mile and a half of our walk asking me all about what happens to people when they have cancer. Needless to say this walk made a bigger impact on her this year than it did last year. I think it made a bigger impact on me as well.
This month's kit was packed full of inspiring summer-y papers and embellishments, with samplings from Pink Paislee's Indigo Bleu and Prairie Hill collections, and Lily Bee's Double Dutch. Everything in this kit went so nicely together, and it's so versatile, I was able to make three layouts in one day!! That's pretty much a record for me!
Sponsor: The Tampa Bay Times, NBC News, the National Journal and the Florida Council of 100
Ten submissions have been chosen from proposals put forward by local authorities.
But the phrase “political questions” can of course have a broader – you might be inclined to say ‘more natural’ – meaning. It might refer simply to questions with political significance, questions that are part of public debate. No one in Canada actually believes that courts should, or can, keep away from all questions “political” in this broader sense. Could Québec try to stamp out Communism? Could Parliament create a federal securities regulator? What rights should people suspected of terrorism have? Those, and countless others, are political questions in the broader sense, but there is no question that the Supreme Court was entitled to rule on them.
The dead in Christ shall first arise
Enjoy the process because it's worth it in the end!
11. I love your crazy logic.
An anonymous reader is donating this beautiful, pair of diamond cluster earrings....
I've also noticed more of a pattern with her kicking (love that I can now say "her"). It makes me wonder if that will be her sleep awake pattern once she is born. The one time frame that is consistent every night is around midnight until about 1:30am. It might even be longer but I'm not awake for it. Apparently she is supposed to be sleeping about 12-14 hours a day but she kicks so intermittently while I am awake that those sleep hours must mainly be in the middle of the night.
In America, we aren't taught a lot about Canada other than it's generally north of the United States and there is an over-abundance of snow and ice. But there's so much more to Canada. They also invented Arctic Air, Windchill Factor, and Ice Beer, so named because Canadians are an industrious bunch and discovered there's no reason to let frozen beer go to waste. Canada also exports such commodities as Aluminum, comedians, and methamphetamines.
I haven’t been very still lately. We spent a week in March in Whistler, for our anniversary, skiing with old friends. We flew immediately back east, to celebrate the life of a dear, close family member I’m still not sure how to miss and love and cherish properly. We came home for a few days, then I went back east again, for a conference in New York. There was drinking and eating and learning and exploring and cursing myself for being so bad at New York, but there wasn’t much sleeping.
In my dream, the pot rack will come down, and beams (color of the floor, prolly faux beams if I can find them), will go on the ceiling. Maybe a pendant light or simple chandelier because cooks need all the light they can get.
So surely would I trade,
Often when it comes to sex, we get in our own way (in our modern culture and society), because there is so much social judgment about sex. It can take YEARS for a person to let go of all their hang ups and actually discover their own individual sexuality. So if you’re the partner who has been worried about porn – perhaps it’s time for you to watch some (alone) to see if you actually do dislike it… or if there is perhaps something about it that works for you too! Once you let go of concerns or feelings of guilt &/or shame – you may find that it excites you too. If so – problem solved! If not, so what? We’re complex creatures, we’re not all wired the same, so there’s no guarantee that you will become a porn lover… but there are LOTS of kinds of porn, so perhaps there is a type that works for YOU.
In an era when extending State power was all the rage opposition to it could be calumnied as motivated only by dislike of any change. Political "Conservatives", of course always denied that charge vigorously and in fact have always clearly believed in "progress". For instance the major "conservative" political party in Altemeyer's own country (Canada) for a long time called itself the "Progressive Conservative" party. It is that very belief in progress that now tends to bring "conservatives" into conflict with environmentalists so that it is they (the "conservatives") who promote change while the environmentalists oppose it. The obvious lesson is that we all now seem to have no alternative to accepting what the "conservatives" have always claimed: That it is your attitude to State power that determines where you stand on the Right-Left divide of practical politics. "Conservatives" (Reagan, Thatcher) want limited State power, influence and intervention while Leftists (Stalin, Brezhnev, Li Peng) want a lot of it. Altemeyer, however, shows no awareness that this debate ever took place.
your interviews are done, don't forget to send a thank-you note. Handwritten please. Sending a electronic mail is okay. However, a handwritten note has more of a personal feel to it. Write it directly after the interview ends. Therefore, key details will be fresh in your mind.
“I made it up. A lot of people come here to let their dogs run free. They follow behind in their cars, and when the dogs stray too far, they honk to bring them back.”
but I don't trust the future.
There is a solution for those who care about animals but want to raise children: adoption. By adopting a child, you will not only be giving a needy child a good home, but you will also be able to have a positive influence on his or her life. Not adopting and insisting on having a biological child or children is not only detrimental to a child who needs a good home, it is detrimental to the thousands of animals that may die as a result.
Well, not really a boyfriend, we have decided to put off dating for a few years until we are eligible for the senior citizen’s discount at leading establishments. We’re not getting to know each other, we met nearly thirty years ago. He scared me to death back then.
When we were kids, art was a GREAT thing to do. When we became adults, art was something you could only tell other artists you did for a living (and preserve your self-esteem). I never took myself for an art apologist, but then again, there are lots of things I didn’t take myself for.
and yes that was the best frittata I've ever had.
In addition, there is the problem that the three NotW witnesses were not, by and large, prosecution witnesses. Bob Bird was called by the Crown to give evidence about payments to witnesses and about the video tape purporting to show Sheridan “confessing” to his former friend, George McNeilage. Sheridan’s cross examination of Bird lasted much longer than his examination in chief. The questioning ranged through many areas. As I have written before, Mr Bird has some questions to answer in connection with his evidence regarding missing emails. He told the court that a large number of emails had been lost when transferred to Mumbai and thus could not be made available to the defence. However, after an investigation by the Information Commissioner, it transpired that the emails were still in existence and that there had been no transfer of them anywhere, especially not to Mumbai. Mr Bird will maintain, I am sure, that he made an innocent mistake. That is one of the issues I imagine Strathclyde Police will be investigating. Clearly also the recovery of evidence sought by the defence is relevant to the case, even if ultimately the emails contain nothing that would have assisted Mr Sheridan.
To obtain the life and career we as writers have so greatly desired, we must dream, visualize what we want and work hard. At first, we are the aspiring journalist.
On the cleaning side, I've been working through the entire list of equipment with a PBW soak, a rinse-rinse-rinse, and a sanitize. I should be able to kill off anything wild and get down to producing the clean beers like normal.
Yesterday I was out of sorts all day. It was a feeling of oppression and I prayed against it and it finally lifted. Then I remembered, it’s Beltaine and the light bulb went off! Walpurgis Night or Beltaine is being celebrated by covens all over our country. They know what this day is and those who are immersed in the occult look to it to gain personal power. Human sacrifice can be a part of this day and we should be on our guard and be in prayer to offset what those who embrace The Fallen One are up to!
What was interesting is that this year, he boldly added a new category "Manufacturing" and dropped last year's "Technology" push.
Today we are sharing projects made with Apple Blossom and Sun Kissed, and we are holding a 24hr mini blog hop to celebrate!
7. Dress the salad just before serving.
So, to honor this day, here is my review of green beer.
It was a book called The Crow and the Castle by a writer named Keith Robinson, and I read that when I was eight years old. It was a childhood favourite of my father’s actually, and he remembered it, and he went to the library and was looking for some of the books he remembered, and they had a copy of that, and it was the first mystery I ever read, so as you can see it had a pretty profound impact.
1 1/2 to 2 lbs sweetbreads, preferably veal
Let me point to the many wonderful things I’ve already accomplished that are both Democratish and Republicanish:
Chikako headed to Auckland to see some friends for a week or two, and Sylvia would return the night before our departure. Preparation swung around me. It’d be another fortnight possibly month before we departed. Sails needed to be washed, new lines bought, charts photocopied. Photocopied? Why not buy new charts? How would a patchwork of black and white copied charts reflect the Pacific? Trust. How new did lines need to be? How strong? Ignorance. A dingy would suffice as life-raft. It was always best not to leave the boat unless there was no boat left. Luck. The dingy needed painting. Les also found a huge swathe of fishing nets he wanted us to fix before we left, to see if he could sell to some guy he knew. I spent a few happy afternoons on the beach knotting a practically nonexistant net back together. Knotting my certainty of this being the best thing I'd ever done more and more tightly to my thoughts.
From the outside, my childhood may appear to have been quiet, boring even. Born to Dutch immigrant parents, I went to church every Sunday (sometimes twice), and often during the week for other programs or events. The Calvinistic work ethic was alive and well in our home, and money was handled frugally.
seeing far in the distance
1 introduce
The police, union members after all, have done little to prevent the violence and property destruction. And their inaction, as we heard many say, has simply emboldened the thuggish elements among the protestors.
This has to be one of the best angel books to ever hit the shelves! Not just because the angel lore was completely original or because there's a boy with an English accent, but because Wendy Higgins must be an angel in disguise since she writes them so well.
I also managed to find 3 tiny pumpkins at the grocery store (it was only a small display of pumpkins – nothing like the humungous bins of pumpkins you see at home for the entire month). So we carved them out, and while we were doing so, we got our first trick or treaters! I was totally unprepared for that eventuality, so I said “uno momento” and raced inside to raid the candy shelf, and in the end they got those same stale chocolate Easter eggs that Rob was eating that day last August when he jumped in the pool with his phone. After dinner, we left Erich in charge of the house with a bag of candies that we’d quickly bought, and went to a neighbourhood about 5 mins away which is known for its Halloween activities.
Jog Back to the gym
Wasted dollars with nothing in return, it never ends. The insanity never stops. Every time we hear about this type of insanity and waste, the need for term limits come to the forefront. Reminds one of an old Henny Youngman joke:
Recipe later...
I'd love them in a little girl's room as well. And they come in every color imaginable so you're sure to find just the right shade to coordinate with your room. Bonus: They're just "up the road" from me in Boone, NC!
I have to agree with the concept behind the name, 2009 was the year the market finally corrected a bit. Anything over 7,000 on the Dow is inflated to me, but hey, I'm a lawyer not an investment broker. Looks like I'll get to sue a lot of them, though.
He looks so young. Back somewhere else, I'm older than he is now...
The world itself is fairly bland. Unlike other recent first person fantasies, Among Thieves (Hulick) and Prince of Thorns (Lawrence) coming quickest to mind, Scourge has very little that I would call world building. Other than a brief section in the latter parts of the books where Arki learns who the Syldoon are, and what they represent, the nuance and the texture of the world could be anywhere. It's not unique, or vibrant. The reason isn't that Salyards lacks creativity, rather it demonstrates a commitment to his narrative style. He never breaks out of Arki's perceptions to become didactic. He creates a sense of wonder and mystery not by the specialness of his imagination, but by withholding his narrator's access to information.
Massoud Shadjareh, chair of the IHRC, said:
2) 1 teaspoon of sugar
Motherfucker!
Using a large (#10) ice cream scoop, scoop 6 dough rounds onto the prepared sheet. If you don’t have a ice cream scoop, do your best to divide into 6 even pieces and use your hands to gently form into semispherical shapes. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through the baking time. I would start checking at about 20 minutes. Cool the shortcakes on baking sheet x 10 minutes. (Cooled shortcakes can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and kept on the counter for up to 24 hours.
* “No Good (Attack The Radical)”
The giveaway will be open to all who participate in the read along each week. There will be a Grand Prize and a Runner up prize pack.
“Yes, yes it is exactly like a suit jacket from the formal hire shop that we used to work in together, only back then I didn’t have to fork out SEVENTY #%ING BUCKS to hire it!!!!”
Speaking of Texas, this was my haul over the past week. Most are beers new to TX and all I am excited to try.
Hi there :)
Puffy paint, people. I haven't bought a piece of clothing with puffy paint on it since 1989, and with good reason.
I am now over 6 months pregnant. We are so blessed with each of our children and this baby has been such a surprised blessing. We didn't plan for this baby yet, just as we didn't plan for Jacob...yet God knows best and we know this baby is loved by GOD and loved by us and we're so thrilled for her or him to make his/her appearance in a couple of months. This is our 6th child and I have to tell you that feeling the kicks and punches from this little one, is just as amazing as with our first one. There's no way to describe how it feels. I wish every woman who ever wanted to, could experience the joy of pregnancy. I didn't really enjoy my first two pregnancy's. With our oldest, I was just so excited to have her, I was more focused on her being born and being with us. With our second, I was in such deep grief over the death of Jordyn that finding joy in his kicks was not to be found in my heart. I made a mental recognition that I WOULD find joy in my pregnancy and just enjoy it with our 3rd and it was amazing how different his pregnancy was. With our 4th I made sure to just enjoy her, and again with 5 and now 6. It is a mental choice. I have had severe morning sickness, I was sick the whole pregnancy with Emma and Noah (5/6) but I still found joy in my pregnancy every day. I still was thankful to GOD for the blessing of the pregnancy. Some women only get the joy of pregnancy of feeling the life of their child, so how dare I not enjoy that blessing...because here's a fact: I do not know what the life of this little one is going to be. My goodness I never could have imagined our little girl would be diagnosed with AML leukemia at 6 days from turning 1 year old. I never could have imagined 14 months later she'd be in he arms of Jesus. We have to enjoy each day that the Lord gives us.
The way things ought to be
The peaceful Bersih sit-in protest turned violent in the afternoon when police attempted to control the crowd after some protesters breached the barricades at Dataran Merdeka.
Remove from the oven and immediately lightly press one peanut butter cup cut side down into each cookie to form a basket. Allow cookies to cool completely. Pipe a flower and stem decoration on each cookie. For the cookies pictured above, I used a drop flower tip for the flowers and a round tip for the stems and flower center. Makes about 4 dozen.
Welcome to the 3rd annual Mother of All Blog Hops sponsored by There She Goes Clears Stamps! Over the next two days, we (customers and trendsetters!) will be featuring some of our favorite There She Goes Clear Stamp sets! Not only that, we’re going to give YOU a chance to win some fabulous prizes!
Does anyone else care for mealworms or silkworms? We do chicks in the spring too and I am about pumped up for that! It's the greatest time ever!
Logical device number 1
Valentine's Day is a day some people refer to as a 'Hallmark made-up day' in order to get people to buy greeting cards and flowers and candy. Who knows? Maybe it is. It does rank right up there with Sweetest Day and Grandparent's Day. But the latter two are recent inventions and St. Valentine's Day has been around a long, long, time. Evidence of this is found in the intricate and beautiful Victorian Valentine's Day cards found in Ephemera shops or sales.
Beach was renowned for fostering the careers and supporting the literary efforts of such luminaries as James Joyce and Ernest Hemingway, among others.
I should note traffic was very busy that day – three lanes of I-95 traffic moving over at speeds in excess of 60 miles of hour. Upon reflection, I think the “brake smoke” I saw and smelled came from a marked Florida Highway Patrol vehicle parked on the left side of the busy highway driven by a middle aged female Trooper who came charging across three lanes of busy I-95 traffic at great risk of life and limb to back up her fellow Trooper she thought was a potentially serious incident with an alleged presidential assassin.
salt/pepper
Sliding gracefully along the outstretched limb, a native arboreal commando shimmys, with the dexterity and grace of a tree-borne predator. Sleek and confident, glistening droplets on his cocoa skin, soaked dreadlocks drip into the now-placid pool below. He lowers his body onto the snaking rope and winds adolescent limbs around its spiral. Once in place, he begins to swing. His body becomes a pendulum, each arc gaining momentum as he's encouraged by his fan club's chants, emanating from below. Swinging free and strong, the arc is right . . then back, release.
Taken: 05/18/2011
On a side note, yesterday in my Women & Politics class my Professor called one of my classmates out on using the word 'girls' instead of 'women.' It made me think about which word I would use to describe myself. I'm almost 21 and yet I realise that I've never called myself a 'woman'. This is partly because I find myself in that in-between stage of life, as a university student who is not yet financially independent, and therefore feel odd about using the word 'adult' to describe myself. And I suppose I aligned 'woman' and 'adult' as two words that don't yet 'apply' to me. But my Professor's comment made me think because 'girl' doesn't feel right either because there is no doubt that 21 constitutes an adult and using any word other than woman implies a certain subconscious lack of confidence in my own self.
So………this made me think for a minute. If we were looking for the answers to prayers, direction, life challenges, and various situations, where would we look? And to take the question further, how HARD would we look? Would we run to God first? Or would we find that we’d be looking at another resource if we thought it would be easier? After all, if we want an answer right now, we should just search for the remote control. In fact, how long should a person look for a remote? But, if all it took was prayer, why wouldn’t we pray right then and there? Would we spend all day looking for a remote, or a book, or a person whom we felt qualified to answer our questions, sort our issues, or tell us what to do? How long would we look? How hard would we look? And if we ran to another resource such as television, a book, or other item, would we forget to run to God or His word first? If we always ran to something other than God and spent our time looking for answers in other things, what would we find we would run to?
This is it for now.
other words, now that you have connected with this person, a bond is formed and it is
200g whole eggs
However, some protestors breached the barricades that the authorities had erected to cordon off the Dataran, Bersih’s original venue for their sit-in protest, and provoked the police into firing tear gas and water cannons at the crowds.
While the tofu fries are cooking, combine the hot sauce, Vegan butter and agave in a large bowl and whisk.
Don't bite the hand that.....looks dirty.
Save $0.40 when you buy any TWO Pillsbury Sweet Rolls OR Grands! Sweet Rolls.
Angie used the Japanese Scene and elements from the Japanese Pack, available from Squigglefly, on her very peaceful card. Angie said "I've never done putting a scene together so it was different!".
She has daily periods of astonishingly high energy. We call this Satan Cat Mode, and Honey Badger has nothing on Satan Cat. What Satan Cat Rigby needs is someone to romp with her. It doesn't matter that we'd rather sit on the couch or go to sleep. (Cats are mostly nocturnal, remember.) We have acquired a collection of toys and other items that she finds entertaining, and I spend close to an hour every day creating opportunities for her to chase, tackle, climb, pounce, sneak, destroy, and gnaw. Very often with me as the target. This is in addition to the time that Frank, Chloe, Emma, MJ, and whoever happens to be visiting contribute to the cause.
I know lots of people love the evil gory stuff
Southernwood. At least, that's what I think it is. It certainly smells strong.
I said that this was a picture of the nation of Israel, the Jews. A look at Romans 11:25 will show that.
Abenhaim L, Lert F. Methodological issues for the assessment of clusters of adverse pregnancy outcomes in the workplace: The case of video display terminal users. J Occup Med 1991; 33: 1091-1096.
“...part of being an Englishman is being white. Now I think that's reasonable, not just from my own experience, but it seems to me you don't get someone taking on the whole of a new culture when they come to a country.” (8)
Self: “A final question from the man with the beard, glasses, shirt, pullover, trousers and underwear.”
Favorite Unique Ethnic Restaurant: Sometimes delicious food can be found in the most unlikely places. Moby Dick, located on Huntington Avenue, looks very unassuming, the kind of place you might walk by and never give a chance. But their food will surprise and impress you, from their moist and tender kabobs to their intriguing rice dishes. Very reasonably priced, portions are good and there are plenty of options, including organic and vegetarian. Don't pass this place by!
Industrial hemp, the kind grown for seeds, oils, fibers, etc, is known as Cannabis Sativa L. Cannabis cultivated for medicinal or recreational use, on the other hand, is known as Cannabis Indica (more commonly referred to as "marijuana"). This variety is bred specifically for its flowers, and THC (Tetrahydrocannabinol - the psychoactive substance that produces the "high").
I said bye.
*Allow yourself to enjoy each step of the journey and make mistakes along the way.
I was also drawn to what I saw as a devil-may-care attitude. The cluricaun is likely to hijack a dog or even a sheep, leap on its back, and go off for a wild and drunken ride in the moonlight. Iʼve known people with that sort of attitude, and frequently theyʼre infuriating and charming in equal measure.
"Well, for me. You can totally pick up this butter fish again. Good pick!"
Nana Kwuku Danso, 47, New York, N.Y.
swing it passively like a pendulum to keep the joint mobile but that's about it.
My project today is a ...
Contemporary art fairs are frequent events in Paris and generally something to be viewed with suspicion. I know little of the art that will be featured at this sale beyond the fact that it will focus on graffiti and street art, but it should be worth visiting for the architecture of the venue alone. The Halle Fressinet was built in 1927 and served for 80 years as a freight storage facility on the Paris – Orléans railway line, before being reinvented recently as an exhibition venue.
This is a meatless dish, but you can serve it with meat or add meat right into this recipe. This dish is so versatile: take things out that you don't like or add things in that you love!
But a few of us decided to stick through and came back later when the ride started functioning again. When it came to that upside down position, it did cause a slight jolt to the heart. But then, we all started to laugh. Of terror? Oh no…we were having fun! Started making faces to everybody watching and checking out each other on what was hanging out there.
I have seen a lot of cute items on pinterest that are purple. So I thought I would try it out.
Poor immigration controls will see Africa’s desperate masses heading here and this will speed up the infrastructural decay. Political meddling in sport will increase racial disharmony and reduce the likelihood of reconciliation. This will cause investors to give us a wide berth with devastating implications.
Therefore some of the stories loop around
-The United States government covers around 28% of the US population's health insurance through programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, etc. (U.S. Census Bureau, Income, Poverty, and Health Insurance Coverage in the United States: 2007)
The panel members will discuss their contributions to the book, answer audience questions, show samples of their artwork, share their personal creative process, and sign copies of the book. The event runs from 10am to 12pm and is free. Please note that although The Ink Pad is sponsoring the event, it is being held outside their store at Westbeth. Seating is limited and you must reserve a place in advance by calling 212-463-9876.
-Add the 2 cups of water and salt.Bring to a boil.
1 carrot, chopped
ATTENTION ALL COMMUNITY MEMBERS AND STAKEHOLDERS:
Consistency is the biggest fault of our refereeing in English Football, whether it’s from match to match or even worse in the same game. You could understand why both Managers felt the referee hadn’t been consistent yesterday. In the first half the ref stopped play for Johnny Evans for a non head related injury after going down from a hard but fair and legal tackle, in the second half Osman goes down in the build up to our second goal, again a non head injury doesn’t warrant the game being stopped but with the fact that Mike Jones stopped for the Evans injury in the first half you could understand why Moyes would be annoyed to say the least. Ferguson also felt aggrieved when Rafael was fouled on the edge of the penalty area causing Fergie to run down the steps to give the fourth official a hair drying experience. At first glance a penalty would of been the shout but upon viewing the replays a freekick on the edge of the box was the correct decision although we got neither.
i left the hospital for a long walk home.
Sun, Oct 14 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center Sat, May 12
When all was dry, the jars were attached to the underside of the cupboard with the magnets. They are easy to retrieve when needed and easy to put back when finished.
In all that excitement, I forgot to breath.
Connor: “THERE!! THERE!!”
written by: Tim Krabbé and George Sluizer
At a relatively early stage of the emerging renewables market where some basic technologies are already old, investors and businesses want to protect their investments/technologies by securing patent protection, hence the sharp rise in patent filings in various different green energy sectors since the late 90s (wind energy patent applications in 2007 were around 1400 compared to about 100 in 1995; carbon capture energy technology patent filings have trebled since 2000). Stronger government policies in key markets and growth in private investment have encouraged this rise.
Why does our history show Africa always trailing behind Asia and Europe when it comes to economic and political development, safety and security, health issues, etc..? Why does a high quality ‘western’ lifestyle not appeal to the majority of Blacks, even if they are given ample opportunities, productive land, and vast sums of money to achieve this? Do the same hormones that give Blacks an edge at sports, also makes them restless in school and prone to crime? These are only a few of the 100-and-10 questions directly related to genetic racial differences, but yet there is not one single module established in our democratic system of government that officially acknowledges these differences. The modules that exist vaguely recognizes cultural differences only, but there’s a big difference between culture and race!
I want to know!
Two-Color triple time Display: Green for time, Amber for alarm Times
Meantime, I have been sitting and staring into space all week; too tired even to do therapy sewing, if you can imagine that. And I have been working on revamping my website: a daunting task that may or may not get done soon. While I've been staring into space (and reading posts on several lists) I have noticed mention of the late-lamented Art/Quilt Magazine. No point going into the reasons for its demise (which had nothing to do with the high-quality of the magazine) or whining about how our subscription renewal funds have vanished.
He commented on female cab drivers, and how there weren't many. He said he was glad he had a woman today because most of the men drivers, they weren't nice to him. My prejudices could imagine that some cab drivers weren't very nice to him. In fact, they could imagine that most people weren't nice to him. And if I had been around him for more than this seven minute cab ride, I might not have been nice to him either. I felt sad for him.
In other news, just 6 days left in my original art raffle / giveaway. Leave a comment or follow me to enter. I'll announce winners on August 9th. Find the rules HERE.
On this sunny mountain day.
I really could go on but I do have to stop and tell you just how much I enjoyed this film. It’s really a whole lot of fun. I mean, they shipped in Frances McDormand, John Malkovitch, Alan Tudyk, and Ken Jeong for goodness’ sake! Those four bring some brilliant touches to the film even if they do wallow in clichés half the time. Plus, where did all the cussing come from? Not that I’m particularly complaining but in my mind the first two Transformers were clean mouthed for the most part. This one made me burst out laughing with its inventive and colourful vocabulary, even if they did have to cut one particularly coarse phrase mid sentence.
Ashar: I don't understand. I am the one wronged. You cheated on me with with....I can't even take his name. I forgive you. You should be groveling at my feet.
“I don’t know what good any of that will do. Maybe I’ll just be as confused and end up having the baby by default. It seems so unfair that that’s the default position when it comes to being pregnant.”
Turlo was quick with a response. "We're there." He looked at me looked back down over the canopy of the engine car. "The Emerald City. The Jewel of Oz. The Crown of the Continent."
1. The winner can put the logo on their blog
People need to find the list of top unlimited smtp with the best offering of unlimited email service including Bullet-Proof Bulk email Service for unlimited email support.
On our summer trip to the US, we tried loads of beers from Delaware-based brewer Dogfish Head, one of the drivers of America’s great craft beer renaissance. There were super-hop IPAs like Dogfish Head Squall IPA and Dogfish Head 60-minute IPA; stranger offerings, like the historic beers, Theobroma and Midas Touch; and, of course, the astounding Bitches Brew.
He'Brew Rejewvenator (Year Of The Grape) 2010
‘GCB,’ which is produced by famed ‘Sex and the City’ executive producer Darren Star, follows the lives of Christian women who carelessly live in sin and constantly find themselves caught up in salacious gossip and lies, which critics like Vallone say mock Christianity.”
Spare brake and gear cab les
by Robert Pozarycki
How do I organize all the empty jam jars I've been collecting?
The article then recommends other useful articles on various iPad functions, such as “Page Flips Are Better Than Infinite Scroll”, which lays out the pros and cons of both, but then argues that ultimately the page flip, when kept simple, is better than infinite scroll because it helps one keep their place when reading whereas the infinite scroll one can accidentally lose lose their place.
Who has heard about the Spartan Race?! Looks crazy challenging but very enticing at the same time. I am a huge fitness enthusiast and am always looking for a way to challenge my physical strength and mental capacity. This would be the ultimate challenge. Seriously not like anything I have ever seen before!
Before I go I just wanted to share with you my favorite SSD stamp set. Remember, If you buy this set or any other before midnight on the 23rd of September $2 will go to the Komen Foundation.
that love costs all we are
In this time, only the Priest-Kings and Priestess-Queens served as Simulacra for the Nephilim. From their positions of authority and power, they imparted the wisdom of the immortals upon the people of Tarshish, and all benefited thereby. The Compromise required that toward the end of a Simulacrum's life, the current ruling Nephilim would offer its life up in ritual sacrifice, returning to its Stasis. The next Nephilim in due succession would be wakened and allowed to manifest in the body of the next priest-king or priestess-queen chosen to house the "divine reincarnation". Within this environment of co-operation and enlightenment, human culture flourished as it has not since. However, here in Tarshish, jealousy flourished as well. This tradition effectively denied whole castes of servitors of the ruling hierarchy access to the divine power of immortality and fostered a resentment of the Nephilim and their rule. Ironically, it was the co-operative nature of the Great Compromise that allowed one of the greatest enemies of the Nephilim access to their power and the opportunity to turn it against them.
レコード・ビジネスが最もおもしろかったともいえる、ポップ・ヒットのゴールデン・エイジ30年のコロンビア社のビッグ・ヒット。20世紀中、RIAAからのミリオン・セリング・シングル曲認証、つまり百万枚突破を果たした、Billboard HOT 100のNo.1ヒット曲のみを並べてみました。エピック等グループ内レーベルの曲も含んでいますが、配給上の関わりのみだったフィラデルフィア・インターナショナルのようなものは外してあります。ものによってはようやく近年認められたものもありますが、ボビー・ヴィントン、バーズ、ジャニス・ジョプリンを始め、’90年のマライア・キャリー等、後に認められても、20世紀中にミリオンセラーと認められなかった曲もいれてありません。
The next morning, Mary was getting out of bed and without even opening the curtains she knew it was raining. She could hear the raindrops hitting the bedroom window. She wanted to crawl back under the quilt since she wasn't going to be able to do the weeding she had planned but instead, decided to get dressed. She could tell that it had cooled off considerably so she put on jeans and one of her old high school sweatshirts she had brought. It was a little tattered but she still loved it. Then she and Lulu went downstairs.
cushion and have a team of people like a NASCAR
If I can sum it up in one word, it’d be entertaining. In both reading and writing, it’s the best way I can entertain myself.
Click for a larger image:
Nevertheless it is hardly fair
El Grande is a groove-rock supergroup from Portland. Their unique sound has been accredited to their diverse musical inspirations ranging from Fishbone and The Police to Bob Marley and The Clash. Their grooves vary between laid-back reggae to upbeat ska and punk. El Grande's rhythm section consists of front man Chris Gironda on vocals and guitar, Sam Yawdik on drums and Shane Fenton on bass. Rounding out the lineup is El Grande's Keith Orlando playing alto sax and guitar and Carlo Bufano on keys. The Grandes have played with such greats as The Toasters, Streetlight Manifesto, The Voodoo Glow Skulls, Big D and the Kid's Table, The Pietasters and Westbound Train.
It’s gonna eatcha!
"I don't know I'm just a Brain"
We live in a country town.....does that mean we have a country seat, or a town residence? I can assure you, you will find no lost characters here.
Which is how it should be.
I developed a rash that I didn't even mention to my doctor until an hour or two after I delivered. I had been dealing with them for about a week until that point. Little did I know this was also related to the pregnancy, and my skin was trying to reach out and scream out to everyone "HELP HER!!
Police tracked him to his hometown of Guadalajara, where Mexican authorities arrested him in November 2008.
TM: holy crap you guys spent the last three pages arguing about ‘if i sling mud’ and having non-lawyers trying to parse legal phrases
I knew who Ray Harryhausen was.
And then, (it was just ere sunrise,) these eyes rested on him for the
Stains and dyes from plants, animals, soil and other materials were used to paint the masks, some of them being quite strange combinations such as blood, coal and urine mixed together.
Lt. Michael N. Fodor, 53, Warwick, N.Y.
So, point being, if I’m going to take the trouble to go out there at all, I want to make sure I’m making the best possible use of my time. Since many of you guys are out there fighting the good fight in the outer territories, I figured it might be helpful to check with you first – what regions of the Eastern Kingdoms do you think would benefit most from having me drop in and Warchief it up?
Also, check it out–this issue is from 1975!
Rafflecopter chose Katrina Page as my 600 Follower Contest winner. She won a whole box of books and chocolate, including my ARC of Julie Kagawa's The Immortal Rules if she wants it. It's a lot harder to choose the best comment for my book hook post. I'm not procrastinating, but I need more time to try out the suggestions before I post the winner.
Springs SAPS commander Brig. Jeshop Shabangu on 20 Sept 2010 was still taken to task by the local Citizen-Policing-Forum – who put a vote of no confidence against him after he had failed to replace the VEC-centre’s officer while she went on maternity leave.
The second thing is; it is a really funny feeling to be served a light or mid-strength beer in a plastic cup from a suited bar attendant who calls you sir because that’s the only way to get a beer into the ‘outside’. And there is more than just a little Beer Karma returning when the same ordinary cricket fan walks past again and smirks to see the ‘suits’ drinking mid-strength from a plastic cup just the same as he has to. ‘Fair enough, I think to myself. One-all. What did you pay for yours? Hmmm. Two-One.’
*we ate a TON
Thank you for your time and consideration,
We have decided to give this time a chance for these people to show the are a that they can deal with the rise in crime, aggravated attacks, anti-social behaviour and many other social issues facing the area. We feel that their wishy washy mindset and political outlook will do nothing to prevent the problems that our area is facing.
Magistrate Anita Govender has reserved judgment until May 22.
Booktalk: With playful text, and beautiful close-up photography this board book features baby animals in their natural habitats.
I won't be around for W.o.W next week, which makes me sad. But that's because I will be relaxing at the coast for our first real family holiday, which makes me happy! I'll see you soon :)
I had also eaten Auntie J.'s food for three days. I needed to have my butt kicked, in a serious way. Chad did not disappoint. Even if, by the end of the session, I was kind of wishing he had.
Fashion designer, Stella McCartney has revealed the Olympic and Paralympic attire for team GB, taking a twist on the Union Jack flag as a point of inspiration for each outfit.
People, are you all still in first grade? Do you really believe this?
Along the way, I lost some friends. I think I made more than I lost. Some people wanted the old tangobaby back. I couldn't summon her. She bored me.
AvitalLeibovich: Summary of events:153 rockets fired at #Israel ,54 rockets intercepted,dozens of targets hit including tunnels,ammunition warehouses,etc. AvitalLeibovich: @zaidbenjamin since Friday afternoon MajPeterLerner: #IDF Spokesman Brig. Gen. Mordechai “IDF has eliminated 18 launching squads while attempting to attack #Israel” AvitalLeibovich: In total the #IDF targeted 18 launching squads ready to fire rockets on #Israeli civilians,since Friday #IsraelUnderFire AvitalLeibovich: Iron Dome is only active when detecting a rocket is about to hit a populated area. Over 90% success rate in intercepting #IsraelUnderFire MajPeterLerner: @SharonaSara that is Yoav, aka Poly. My CO, I was watching him on Ch, 2. Islamist terrorist cell discovered – in Lebanese army WTF?! NBC Enlists Al Sharpton to Instruct Rush Limbaugh on “Civility” Video: Palestinian Newspaper Rejoices In Israelis Fleeing For Their Lives
Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid.
I can’t imagine a parent doing that in another country.
These three statues are in Firenze (Florence), Italy, in the Medici Chapel and were sculpted by Michelangelo. Ina did the research for me and writes that the Madonna are the martyred saints, Cosmos and Damian, twins who were both physicians. The men never accepted payment for their medical skills and they are the patron saints of medicine. In Brazil they are the patron saints of children, and there is a candy holiday in September honoring the saints. I suspect the dentists in Brazil consider these saints the best patrons.
You can't really tell in the photo, but there are ruins in the top center of the photo, above the terraces. The terraces and ruins seemed to always be built on the side of steep mountains (or at the top of them, like Machu Picchu). The Incans were really ambitious or just crazy. Or possibly paranoid. Whatever the reason, I was impressed.
Patients I see who have had a previous experience with physical therapy present an interesting dilemma. If they saw me at an earlier time this of course makes things much easier, as we all ready have a relationship that we can build on. Patients who I haven’t seen previously but had a good experience are usually very cooperative in their care and understand the benefits of physical therapy, as it has helped them sometime in the past. It is my hope to build on their previous good experience, showing them how physical therapy, and more specifically, my approach to physical therapy, will help in returning them to a pain-free and fully functional life. If they have had a bad experience in physical therapy they usually look at me with scepticism, thinking that since physical therapy didn’t work for them the first time around that it won’t be any different this time. This makes my job a little harder. I hope that by providing a thorough evaluation and explanation of their condition as well as being professional yet approachable that I will knock down some of the barriers the patient my have from their previous experiences.
Missions is not the ultimate goal of the church. Worship is. Missions exists because worship doesn’t. Worship is ultimate, not missions, because God is ultimate, not man. When this age is over, and the countless millions of the redeemed fall on their faces before the throne of God, missions will be no more. It is a temporary necessity. But worship abides forever.
So. Moving on.
For those of you following my work reorganization: seven people were reassigned yesterday but not me. Two people from my area were reassigned and I was their back up so all of there work when they leave will fall back to me. My boss also asked me to be in charge of the move yesterday (not only are we reorganizing but we are also moving out of our present location). I see busy days ahead and still no clarity as to where I'll be going. So the frustration continues.
I'm entering this card into the following challenges:-
Love that spring is closing up,
This site is dedicated to you, the customer, and educating you on why there is a lot more that goes into a cleaning service than you might think.
b) implies that my fears are understandable, that they are there because of a horribly traumatic experience - but that they are not intrinsically linked to the health of my baby. b) implies that i can choose how to react to my anxiety. that i can choose to give in to it and decide that only proof that the baby is alive right now can cure my fears, or that i can choose to put my faith in this baby and in myself, and just get on with my day.
Peace, peace and an ocean of peace!
Here are some pics of her bow on gossip girl, and one of her!!
I'm not sure why I'm this way. My parents may argue a lot, but they've been happily wed for over thirty years, so it's not like I came of age among marital discord and strife. Maybe it links to why I've cursed like a sailor since I was twelve: in a baggy shirt without eyeliner I look like a virginal milkmaid. In a tight shirt with eyeliner, I look like a virginal milkmaid trying to be slutty. What can I say? I've always been about contrasts.
Your members do need to attend some of the panels/workshops/seminars that are offered in order to qualify for performance slots. We will be in the plush MI Auditorium and The Passage room for these performances with excellent sound and MI sound engineers to assist with everything.
My illustration of the tyrannosaurid Teratophoneus taking down a Gryposaurus appears in the issue of Scientific American that's on the newsstands now.
Today’s punishment is, shoe odor torture~!!
i stumbled across her blog when i was learning how to paint furniture and i was hooked.
Written by Patty Lovell and Illustrated by David Catrow
There are a few things here that the Lord has put on my heart to tell all whom will listen, and it starts with being joyful always, as God’s Word tells us to do. How can we be joyful when we watch the news and we see the horrible things that are happening all around the world. How can we find joy in the pain and suffering that others are enduring…I say that we can find joy, that we have lived to see another day, and lived to have one more opportunity to bring a fellow brother or sister to the Lord. Look around, Christians, the demand is great.
This was the name of the talk Rhiannon Lassiter and I gave at the Society of Authors CWIG meeting last night, but it was about all forms of social networking for writers. In the picture, as well as Rhiannon and me, is Celia Rees - just because she was there and is lovely.
Level 2: Damage: +2%, Critical Rate: +2%.
The quilt is made up of 144 courthouse steps blocks. I am assembling them in "16-patch" sections with no-two-fabrics-alike in each segment, which means I need nine 16-patches to complete the top. I finished another set of blocks and now just have to sew them together to make the 16-patch segment.
Motor 6.3 Average
Snap. There goes my leash.
I just found out that they are invasive,
Posh girl? Haha!
Not understanding the repercussions of their actions, and a huge dose of incredulity, these college kid fools partake in the hunting and rangling of trolls. This is where the movie gets interesting. Throughout their whole fantastical endeavor, the filmers keep asking questions of Hans the trollhunter (Otto Jespersen). With his vast knowledge of lore turned into fact through the act of interacting with the trolls, these college kids learn that what Hans says, goes. In a final confrontation you’ll have to “see” to “believe”, this movie pushes the boundaries of the fantastical and mythical.
Other :
of love. Again
The Lord has really been using Psalm 63 to minister to my heart. I find that the Bible better settles in my heart when I make it into my own words. Here is what Psalm 63 means to me…
Maybe I’m a hermit. I’ll admit that. Eventually, I’ll be the crazy writer who never leaves the house except at the full moon, and only if it rained the day before, wearing my fuzzy house slippers, leggings, and a baggy grandma sweater. Hopefully, I can stay socially sane for a few more years.
Guest House Paradiso opens in Perth cinemas today, Thursday, July 27.
I think my sister, the Black Widow spider — queen of her messy, haphazard domain — has it right. Once her mate has done his manly duty — once the tingles have run up and down all eight of her legs and the thrill is gone — so is he.
Mabilia was said to be located somewhere between the Alabama and the Tombigbee Rivers in present Clarke Co Alabama.
Hey everyone, how have you all been?
Actually, not just ¨bloggers¨(who might just be legit journalists) but also print journalists.
This is why you should read Kiersten White's trilogy...
Have a great rest of the weekend!!!
“I know what he’s doing.” Addison was speaking through her thick tears, her voice taking on a more whiney tone because she was feeling more comfortable and safe in Darien’s arms. “He’s sleeping with those girls. He doesn’t miss me at all.”
*Individuality
So what I want to do in the workshop is to define what those so-called rules are and why they matter; to demonstrate what the consequences are of breaking them and stress that an author neeeds a good reason to do it ... and then provide the tools that will enable people to go ahead and do just that.
Last year I was overall really happy with how my hair turned out because it was the first year that I set my hair the entire weekend. We arrived on wednesday so I was able to set my hair properly and wore that same set until friday night. Yes, I was that crazy girl that washed and set her hair at 6 am friday night/saturday morning. All I wanted to do was pass out, but it saved a lot headaches for the rest of the trip. Basically though, I wore the same 2 sets the whole weekend:
they will feel the breath
Priscilla. I wanted Madonna but the Priest said it wasn't a proper name.
"There is always a bit of cheek in the musical's revision of its sources." p. 52
Together they're unfathomably gorgeous and like, totally beau. But under the glamorous surface of parties and spa-days is a wealth of comforting lies and convenient silences, bitching, break-ups and scandal. Let the games begin . . .
In the mean time, I'm entertaining myself by looking for stylish conflict-free engagement rings for a newly engaged reader, Cami (congrats!). Sarah Perlis makes a few of my absolute favorites, some are even made with recycled gold. Love the rough cut stone!
Parks & Rec, The Office (although quality has taken a plunge, I’m still hopeful they can pick things back up again, at least partially), Up All Night, Whitney, Community, and 30 Rock. If you’ve never seen an episode of 30 Rock, I suggest you start with the Leap Day episode. OMG, soooo funny. This show can be a bit much for me from time to time, but this episode sold me. Also, I know Whitney gets a lot of flack, but I still think its funny enough for background noise. They are guilty of allowing too-important of events (such as big breakups) to happen off screen, but the characters of Alex and Mark make up for it.
****EDITED****
2010.08.01 Pakistan South Waziristan 2 0 Religious extremists kill two local soldiers with a roadside bomb.
If you need to avoid throwing away money upon deals you will not use, take a look at the expiration date about the deal as well as check your own calendar to make certain that you can redeem the actual voucher prior to the end day.
Well and truly talked myself into extra work this evening!
What kind of people stand by idly while its own government conspires to take away the primary source of energy that everything else depends upon? The answer? You. The answer is the many elected politicians that have done little to rein in a rogue government agency intent on undermining the nation by denying it the ability to generate power with the least expensive source of electricity, coal.
You've heard my latest record,
Fax: +49 (0)89 – 5200 2503
Here is where you can buy them. In my opinion, they rock. She even has some that the proceeds go to March of Dimes (another tear jerking story).
and though I've banned your name since then
Takes some skill here, but always remember: Don't panic, keep your arch maintained, your backside tucked in, and your hands steady.
So, Wasted. I want to say something a bit different on each blog and I thought this time I’d say something about what I personally think about Fate, chance and luck. One of the main characters, Jack, is obsessed by them and what control we can or can’t have. For him, everything is a decision, a decision which he often decides by using a coin. He thinks too much, does Jack. I love thinking about “what ifs”, too, but I also believe we have to keep that kind of thinking in a box somewhere in our heads, and live life without thinking too much.
Julian helps us understand God in feminine terms as well with her many references to Jesus as the suckling mother who cares for his children: “The mother may give her child suck of her milk, but our precious Mother Jesus feeds us with himself” (chapter 60).
8. Promises are important to me, and when I promise to do something, I will almost always follow through. However, the time-frame is often skewed!
No, not at all. It’s been moved away from by large record companies, but then I don’t really think record companies have had anything to with music since about 1997… Seriously though, the idea of an album as a coherent thing remains alive and well. Keith Top Of The Pops’s album from last year is a great example of something where the sum is greater than the parts – Akira The Don’s Life Equation too, and – not to bang my own bongo – but David Koresh Superstar, the concept album we released last year, is completely amazing and only really makes sense if you spend an hour with it :)
So for your delectation here's some pictures from the seventies
Where is your water?
Unfortunately I still had my phone in my hand. I dropped it on the first landing and as I picked it up my competition passed me. I thought it was over. They reached the second level before me, but then did something I didn’t expect. They went into the rooftop gardens. I knew that the verse was in one of the Talbot windows, but I didn’t know which one. I realized I still had a chance, but I would have to make the right decision. Should I check the window on the garden level and risk them beating me to it or continue up the stairs to the other window where I could clearly beat them? I chose the later. I climbed up the last flight and went through the doors. This was it. The moment of truth had come. If DBC wasn’t there, it would all be over. I walked to the window and was greeted by Biola’s 8th president, Doctor Barry Corey. I had won. Praise the Lord.
A good friend of mine asked if my husband knew about how I was feeling after I shared this blog with her. The thing is, he does, to a certain extent, but he doesn't know how often the scary thoughts cross my brain, multiple times a day.
DPs: Miss Caroline Collection (My Mind's Eye)
Today, I am sharing the last of my Easter Decorations.....
32The traveller did not take his night’s rest in the street, and my doors were open to anyone on a journey;
Now, as it happens, it seems that my books work well for teens, or so I’ve been told, and I’m also often told that I don’t seem to patronise, or talk down to teens, and if that’s true, then you can guess why I believe that is – because to try and guess the mind of anyone else, adult or teen, is to patronise them.
“A lot of us in the Western world, we look at it as anything that is going to enhance the way we look aesthetically,” she said. She said that some Muslim students were “not looking at the physical aspect, they’re looking at the spiritual aspect.”
It’s a pretty comprehensive app. Check out the peak list and it will give you detailed information about established routes on each of Colorado’s 14,000-foot peaks, including photos. You can also get trailhead conditions, maps, directions and peak stats.
I never want to look away
We've asked friends and family and had everyone pick a different favorite. My hubby and I are leaning to one of them, but aren't quite convinced yet.
How does one get up and move on
I have just read this brilliant article in the Guardian and it's given me thinking fodder. Lots of it. It basically questions why Britain is becoming a place of intolerance. The woman on the tram in Croydon is cited as one example.
But it says right there that Hitler changed his mind and decided to keep capitalism around! (surely that had nothing to do with the fact that socialism is a stupid economic failure and you can’t really build a super war machine with a broke ass economic system). I do believe I said repeatedly in that last post about how useful idiot idealist movements like OWS are always historically coopted by jerkoffs looking for more power.
Anyone that knows me personally is aware of how much I love music and of some of the bands I liked. In previous posts, I’ve mentioned Duran Duran and Depeche Mode, which are huge influences in what I like to write. Also some soft music, like Sade for writing a love scene.
The CAS challenge is At the Zoo. Acutally this looks more like the circus in hind sight, but hopefully it's close enough. I wish I'd bought the SU Zoo Review set. It's not retiring, so maybe I'll get it yet.
Charles and Camilla will tour Canada as part of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations in May, so I suppose we'll learn then if the queen intends to continue lending it out or if it is a treat for one's first Canadian trip only.
KH: I have a lot of favorites, probably my all time favorite is the one I plaster all over my website and business cards of Casey with the big grin and handful of balloons in black/white. I got up at 5:30 on a Saturday morning to blow up balloons, but it was so worth it.
Multitasking may be a good thing when you decide when to do it and how you’re going to deal with it. If you know from experience that you can deal with several tasks at the same time, you’ll find nothing wrong with this. Where it gets to be problematic is when circumstances are beyond your control and you multitask on the fly. If your day involves resolving emergencies and leaping from one activity to another, this is not actually multitasking, at least not in a productive way. No one can plan their day with complete efficiency, but you must strive to make your multitasking as planned as possible.
However, within 5 minutes of coming out here to beautiful Rutland Water (I write in situ on my new Samsung Note book) I have discovered something very important about myself.
Another question asked during breakfast with Sensei Auger was about teaching. Students are asked to learn from their teachers using the 5 step method:
But I lived in Boston without a car for years, relied on the buses to go everywhere outside of walking distance, and I find the bus system here vastly superior. There *is* a city bus system, of sorts. It has an extremely limited route, and I’ve only taken it once… but as far as I can tell it is clean and efficient. It just doesn’t go anywhere I need to go. Most of the buses here are run by what seems like hundreds of independent bus companies, or maybe even just some guy who scraped up the money for a single bus, put a decal of Jesus (or Optimus Prime, or a naked lady…) on the back window, and picked a route to drive.
20. The definition used at the time of Stephen Lawrence’s murder was as follows: ‘A racial incident is any incident in which it appears to the reporting or investigating officer that the complaint involves an element of racial motivation, or any incident which includes an allegation of racial motivation made by any person.’ (para, 45.16)
Lewis Thompson
I’m like a Christmas hoarder almost. I keep buying stuff for the holiday and they just sit in my apartment, never getting used. Is it just me though? Do you have items you purchase or continue to have for the holidays, even though you don’t use them regularly? Don’t leave me out here alone in my holiday craziness lol.
And that bottle of wine that opened itself and evaporated?
Horrow pitched a bunch of softball questions. The first:"tell us about progress" on the arena.
Fabolous - 34
Gladys Searcy, Marketing and Sales Director
I picked up my newest copy of the Eat Clean Diet Cookbook 2! I had the first version from a few years ago, however the poor book had been used, ripped, tagged with favorite recipes and splattered with food. It was time for a new one, and the bonus is it has 150 new recipes for me to try. I have tested a few out so far and the one thing i love about this book is that the recipes are simple, easy and fairly quick to make (as long as you have the ingredients on hand).
1/3 cup fresh basil
We are off to the beach for a few days (we're super lucky to live only a little over an hour away!), but I do plan on posting some subtraction practice pages this week similar to the addition ones I posted a little while back. Hope everyone has a great week!
Here’s the description from their page:
Notice when you are kind, and who you are kind to. If you ever speak kindly to anyone, then you already have the tools you need to change the way you speak to your children. What words do you use when you are being kind? What tone do you use? Notice when you start to sound mean. What sets you off? How do you feel afterwards? What have you accomplished by being mean?
I might also loop in some posts using the prompts here. The prompt for today is Best Trip of 2009. I don't have to do that one because Frank took care of it. I'll just add that we also had a few impromptu drives to Oregon and British Columbia that were really fun and added a lot to our Joy Quotient for the year.
So I opted for a pint of the English-style pale ale. It was caramelly and nutty in a beautiful amber body, with a nice balanced hop profile. It was an accomplished and flavorful English-style pale ale.
Which is all to say that "fabulous" doesn't exactly covey the right message. But, hey, I like gore (unless it's in a movie because then I'm too squeamish to watch), and Andrew Fukuda definitely delivered on the ick factor.
2 shotgun
7.) The Adventures of Baron Munchausen (UK, 1988)/Baron Prásil (Czechoslovakia, 1961)
Replied Augie, "They advertised me up."
And I'm just barely getting started...
It has been twenty-three years since I walked into this building and began my passionate affair with postcards. I’ve learned about all the different genres and found something to love about each one. Postcards embody the power of the visual image and I love to wax rhapsodic about the significance of postcards in telling the story of the twentieth century. Making a collection such as the Curt Teich Postcard Archives readily accessible and available to the public was a monumental feat and it is still a dynamic collection, constantly growing by donations. I also like to remind anyone who will listen, that this collection is unique in that it was not “curated’ or collected by one person, but reveals a broad swath of the history and culture of the last century because it was literally created from what people wanted. Either customers brought images to the Teich Company to be made into postcards that sold their products or advertised their businesses, or the public bought views of the cities and towns sold in souvenir shops and drug stores across the country and in doing so popularized that genre of cards so famously produced by the company.
None of those prosecutors has ever been disciplined.
Meanwhile remove any fat from the top of the sauce (I did this with a small ladle) and then fast boil the sauce until it has thickened slightly.
“I couldn’t attend the ACTS retreat this time,” she said; “but I’m definitely going on the next one!”
This is so typical of the way that the French do things. ~smile~
If you have been following my blog for a while, you will know that I have a soft spot for a little old house just down the highway from where I live, and I have a sneaking suspicion that some of you have grown fond of it too. It’s pretty much considered a famous landmark around here from the locals to the seasonal people who drive through the area to the ski slopes or the beach.
Skirt: Thrifted (GAP)
Tars Tarkas graduated from captain's school with honors and was assigned further specialized training as a scoutship officer, with the possibility of attaining an actual captaincy. The years passed and schooling intensified but Tars cleared every hurdle, weathered every storm, surmounted every obstacle, and defeated every puzzle. His gamesmanship in the educational universe was nonpareil.
Hearts: Martha Stewart, Spellbinders and CM.
Last January a friend knocked on our door and asked us if wanted to look after a dog. He had just found a dog running about very scared and it had narrowly been hit by a few cars. It was only a matter of time before it became road kill.
Students in school as well as out of school are “persons” under our Constitution. They are possessed of fundamental rights which the State must respect, just as they themselves must respect their obligations to the State. In our system, students may not be regarded as closed-circuit recipients of only that which the State chooses to communicate. They may not be confined to the expression of those sentiments that are officially approved. In the absence of a specific showing of constitutionally valid reasons to regulate their speech, students are entitled to freedom of expression of their views. As Judge Gewin, speaking for the Fifth Circuit, said, school officials cannot suppress “expressions of feelings with which they do not wish to contend.”
We’ve seen the external forces that have been deployed against the Occupy encampments in a coordinated attempt to sort of wipe them out. What we don’t see is the systematic effort to break the movement from the inside. And that is by creating divisions, discrediting the most effective leaders or locking them up. The resources of the state, which I think that this interview began to give us a glimpse of, are an indication of how worried they are, because this movement articulates a truth, a fundamental truth about our system, about the corporate coup d’état that we have undergone, and—
A great dinner with good company, a treat on a week that will be very busy.
The Daily Mail.
Someone told me the other day that 3 can sometimes be worse than 2……BUT… It doesn’t last forever! No, it gets better. They start to understand consequence and punishment. They start to like saying yes instead of no. They enjoy pleasing you and helping you around the house and being around you. Then…they turn 13…. Damn!
Walk between two arbitrary points or around a block for the next 10 minutes – note what you discover on each circuit. Walk until the streets themselves are taking you for a walk.
Heerlijk om iets anders te mogen maken dan een kaart, ik vind dat altijd heel leuk om te doen. De fles is een beetje een voorjaarsfles geworden met kleurtjes als rood en blauw en versierd met bloemen en vlinders. De dop is gemaakt van vilt en de nek van de fles met touw. De kleine cones heb ik gemaakt van cardstock en gevuld met bloemen en een vlinder . Tilda is ingekleurd met Distress inkt. en ze houd een hart op een ijzerdraadje vast.
Some recent additions to the list include triterpenes isolated from Manihot esculenta, a plant found in the Surinam rain forest, and from Ligulariopsis shichuana, a plant used in traditional Chinese medicine to bring down inflammation.
Another late day of posting for me. I get so sidetracked with cleaning that I forgot how late it is. Anyway, I found these buttons that are buried in my room and finally putting them to good use. I stamped the stems and just added the buttons using glue dots. Hope you like it.
I hope you have a great Friday!
Double check email. (still none.)
The original character/Eric story is a pre-revelation one shot.
Benny Williams impersonations:
Okay, let me fill you in one one thing. One of the reasons I was gone so long was that we took a family vacation. My step-daughter is pregnant (I'm gonna be a grandmother!) and she was going to meet us in Mobile so that all of the family could see her before the big day gets here. While on this trip, I was loaded up with all sorts of goodies from just about every member of the family, hence all the assorted boxes and stuff in the living room. And add to that the fact that I'm still attempting to decorate for Halloween, and two kids, one being 2-years-old and a constant source of bundled up energy, well, it all combined to create this inferno.
Confirmation #1: 725pm CDT — Here we are 12 hours later after issuing an alert for TX, MO, KY , OH, and TN: and indeed MO, IL, IN, KY, and OH are under it now — Arkansas and Tennessee have yet to be hit, but will be hit over the next few hours into the 29th of April (tomorrow).
Expert 2
I walk with you in silence in tune with the rythmn of your body.
On Friday I left for the office early in the morning passing an elderly Muslim woman selling sundry items on the railway foot-bridge. Spread on a blue plastic sheet were colourful combs, safety pins, and envelopes. The last of the terrorists were still engaged in a battle with the security forces that morning at the Taj. The presence of hundreds of hostages had made the entire operation arduous. The religious dimension the terrorists brought to the attack turned the mood in the city palpably.
I did do some research on Mamedov, to see why he includes models with Ds in many of his pieces. This is all the information I could find:
Barbara Joye is The Shift Guru. Her focus is assisting individual like you to discover and shift their limiting perspectives and beliefs on life, so they may create the life of their dreams. Visit Barbara on her website at www.TheShiftGuru.com, explore her Book The Creating Formula, Speaking topics and Guide session’s offerings to see how she can assist you in creating the life you desire and deserve.
Store your gold in Switzerland. Open a bank account in Hong Kong. Register your company in the BVI. Establish a ‘backup’ residency in Chile. Expand your business in Brazil. Get a better job in Singapore. Obtain a second passport in Malta. Open a brokerage account in the Cayman Islands...If you can't defend against the kleptocracy then Mr. Black's advice is simple: cut and run. You really have to hope it doesn't come to that. But, who can stand up to this growing army of faceless thieves?
What’s your take on these issues? Do you also disagree with the beauty standards that many subscribe to? Are there other pressures in our society that you disagree with? How important is creating a world that is founded on freedom and not the pressure to conform? How can we make things better? Where do we go from here? What else do we need to learn?
Above: Peterhof, Peter the Great’s summer residence with its famous golden singing fountains. One of the most spectacular sights in Saint Petersburg, UNESCO World Heritage Site…and my personal favorite.
What is undeniable is that the Emperor’s retinue is late in its scheduled return. A Sector Fleet has been sent along the Rimma Trade Route to investigate.
16. Not sure about how to varnish them yet. Varnishing is very hard to do well. I don’t know.
If something hurts me, I ignore it completely. I learned this in grade school. Bullies look for weakness. If you let them think something bothers you, you've already shown them the chink in your armor. By ignoring a rejection or a bad review, you've released yourself from insecurity's dominion.
Carrie Fundingsland – I like no fuss. And balance. I can stand in an empty house and within a few minutes, I’ll know by the energy of the home where and what colors should be used, how the furniture and flow of the house should be, even down to the artwork and accessories. This can get me in a bit of trouble sometimes, making it hard to find what I saw in my “vision”, but at the end of the day, my initial instinct has never done me wrong.
Mugs are double-walled so they are cool to touch, whilst your morning beverage stays piping hot for longer. And with a leak-proof lid they make the complete reusable package. Press the convenient lid for easy open and re-press for close mechanism. Liquid will remain hot for up to 5 hours if the lid is kept closed.
Don’t know what is solace?
