The class was broken down into symbolic categories as follows:
But y'all also know me well enough to know I'm not gonna start running again without first buying some cute new gear, right? ;)
*I managed to squeeze in a moviequote though. You don't know where it's from? Too bad, cause I'm not telling.
I had to be willing to pull my feet up off the floor and get them away from the ants. I had to also be willing to endure some inconvenience in order to finish what I had started writing…just like you have to pull yourself away from temptation and thoughts that are going in the wrong direction. I’m actually quite uncomfortable at the moment and I’m finding that it’s not easy to type when you don’t have your feet on the floor. Sometimes, making the effort to pull away from temptation won’t be easy and it might not be very ‘graceful’. You might even look a little strange to other people who have become ‘desensitized’ to certain themes and influences. They may not understand your standards and you might have to humble yourself in their eyes to do what you know you have to do.
Place a pinch of ash* into the hole. Say:
“I was speaking to Shahzeb.” She murmured.
The perception that Platini has a vendetta against English football has been voiced regularly throughout the sports media, so that anything he says is treated with a certain amount of subjectivity. Mark Irwin of The Sun, was pretty sure were he stood if his headline from Friday's edition was anything to go by. It read, Michel is such a stupid Plat. You can read Mark Irwin's report by clicking here. The fifty-seven comments that followed the online copy echoed his sentiment unanimously. Although the more balanced comments asked what we, the football fan, would be left to look forward to during a long cold winter without the game. It's a good point.
But of course who can resist the siren song of what might have been? And there ARE moments that have stayed with me over the years. For example, there was that guy I met during orientation, right at the start of my freshman year of college – the one who said he was writing a novel. I remember saying “cool, dude,” or something equally inane, but I also remember thinking “a novel? Really? Who does that? No way can this guy write a novel.”
blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.
On October 31 I tweeted about the recent Man Booker prize controversy surrounding the introduction of a readability judging criteria. Need there be a difference, I asked? A similar sentiment was expressed far more eloquently by poet laureate Andrew Motion, who argued that the inclusion of readability as a new judging criteria “opens up a completely false divide between what is high end and what is readable, as if they are somehow in opposition to one other, which is patently not true”.
I take my mom out and I call her and my sister lots. I do little stuff around the house for my parents. I bring treats for my dad. (Shh! Don't tell him they're raw! If he knew they were good for him he wouldn't touch them.lol)
Any kindred swan collectors out there? Is the swan the new owl? I’ve actually heard that the fox is the new owl, but I haven’t really seen evidence of that yet. Thoughts?
I’m proud to present to you this really fascinating dude right here. She’s really awesome, you guys know that? She’s an epitome of a ghost. Whenever you call her, she’s there. (it’s quite creepy actually. KIDD) =)) I’ll never forget all the “croo” moments we all had when she TRIES to make a joke. Don’t judge, folks!! That’s like one of the most rare abilities anyone could ever have!! (love you X) Wait ayoko nang awayin ka. Birthday mo naman eh. Haha. Hi @tellxtel! Happy happy happy 17th birthday! Ohmygosh one more year and you’re legal na… wohoo. I honestly didn’t expect we’ll get close, huh. Pero yet, thank God for that enlightenment to join Curtain Call, I got to meet one of the best presidents any organization could ever have! She’s perpetually present in times we are all in need of someone to share stories with, in times we need an advice, in times we feel alone, succumbed under the pressure of whatever we’re doing. I’ll never forget all the moments we had, especially the unforgettable train rides, the confessions, the vent-outs, the ninja-mode times, the planning times, the unexpected calls and voice notes… my gosh. Wayyyyy too many to mention. In times we are all feeling down, she has been a constant companion to us. In times we all felt like as if there is no hope left, she was one of the few people who still believed in us even if we do not believe in ourselves anymore. She’s always there to remind us of the positive side of all things. She’s like a lit candle. She willingly sacrificed herself so that she may be able to give us enlightenment. If that may be a quest, I’m pretty much sure she had accomplished it with flying colors. Why? Because for those 10 months that she had been our president, she indeed served to be one of the guiding lights for all of us. We couldn’t have had made it through the unknown, dark realm of our journey in CC if it were not for her leadership, her light. ☺
One of the many ventures my Company does is help people get into property without borrowing from a bank. I get to meet amazing people who just want to own a house for themselves, but pull out of the deal just before they sign up in case it doesn’t work. I had one couple decline the deal because the thought of a debt freaked them out. Yet I had one young lady just finished school ask me a question on my blog!
Bria also has a rich and authentic character development, and even though the novel takes place over 20 days, it really feels like she's changed by the end. Considering how life-altering travel can be, it really does fit, and the way that Hubbard's shows her past, through flashbacks, and her current experiences, made for a satisfying and believable change in Bria.
I’ve been a fan of Re-Ment, particularly Re-Ment food, for some time. Re-Ment manufactures adorably detailed miniature food pieces, as well as furniture, animals and other mini items. Just this past Christmas, I received a Re-Ment Hello Kitty Bakery case to finally display a few of the Re-Ment food pieces I’ve gathered over the years.
Nose: FS3, FS2
The more things change, the more the whining stays predictable.
Cats caterwauling, one ginger-striped alighting a rooftop
Jenny kept coming out to the property and even came to the races with us
Not only do I feel better, I am starting to think I look better.
* His/Her/Your Honor
Spells Black!
Copyright 2011, Elizabeth Urbach.
“They earned about RM1,800 a month and they were not locked up in their workplace at night.
Sorry, I don't buy it.
It’s kind of stupid but I have 2 months left and I feel like I’m running out of time to see everything. It’s my goal to be in Turkey by mid-May.
Sometimes we find ourselves in situations that are nasty. A lot nastier than a cup of coffee. But sometimes there is no action you can take and you have to sit in it until things shift.
#1 singles: Chaz Hansen defeated Kevin Grau (6-0) (6-3)
But somehow we managed. We moved out of our flat just as the summer cockroaches started moving in, we savored an epic, food-coma-inducing farewell dinner with our adorable Gujarati neighbors (hullo sweet curried potatoes with raisins, cashew paste and poppy seeds!) and I *finally* finished a purgatorial traditional miniature painting less than twelve hours before we boarded the bus for Delhi with all our belongings. And although there is always more to do, more to see, more to learn, we left the Pink City with nothing but wonder and graditute in our hearts.
Educate yourself before purchasing your next TV set. There are many things to consider when buying a new HDTV, among them the resolution and the various brands. Don’t make the mistake of buying based solely on price alone.
I've been busy making some journals and notebooks for my church bookshop this week and I decided to use the Colour Q combo to make a man's journal.
15ml Elderflower cordial
Wow this graph really says it all.
In Greece, where official data showed unemployment climbed to 21 percent in January, elections scheduled for May 6 may produce a hung parliament, raising questions about the nation’s ability to implement its austerity measures. The nation’s 2 percent bond due in February 2023 trades at about 25 cents on the euro.
Nordström S, Beckman L, Nordenson I. Occupational and environmental risks in and around a smelter in North Sweden: VI. Congenital malformations. Hereditas 1979; 90: 297-302.
I have a problem.
This recipe comes from my recipe box. I'm not sure where I got it, I just know I've never done it. It was a pretty straightforward recipe, but mommy brain can still complicate things. I followed the recipe, except I forgot the eggs. I thought the dough looked a bit odd, but I wasn't sure how it was supposed to look. When I opened the fridge to put the bowl in I saw the egg carton and realized my mistake. I just added them to the batter and all was well.
Could it eliminate the death sentence for profound birth defects, the need for prosthetics and any shortage of transplant organs?
I'm not sure that there are any Singapore expat blogs I SHOULD be following, but there is nothing I need to know about bringing up babies, about local food or pet dogs or fashion or living advice for those on their first tour of duty.
- When I got home from the school today, Daniel told me I smelled like a teacher. What does a teacher smell like, anyway? Pencils and textbooks? Because that's what I think I smell like.
Wow! "far too many wannabes"! ouch! and so snarky! It smacks not only of a lack of generosity for those of us up and comers but also a little insecurity.
This post is not about the merits or demerits of ETF products. It is about reporting with a bias.
However, they did find that a low-fat, omega-3 rich diet altered the ratio between omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids.
Whispers of Yesterday – Do you hear what I hear?
The look, makes me smile, even when I think of
Here's a close up of one of my favorites. I love the soft gradated background...
I had a friend over the yesterday for coffee and she wanted to get "the inside scoop" on today's post, so I took her upstairs and showed her the linen closet and her reaction was "where are all your sheets?" So I thought you might be wondering the same. We only have 2 sets of bed sheets for our bed, our white organic sheets, and a set of organic flannel sheets for the winter {p.s. organic flannel is expensive, next time I might just opt for regular flannel}. I don't think we need anymore than that. Once a week I wash the sheets, then put them right back on. We all have sheet sets in our linen closet sitting there getting musty, I like things simple and to me simple is two sets of sheets. But I wouldn't go fewer than two sets in case of emergency, we've had to spend a hot summer night on flannel sheets before because Max thought grass was his main course for the night!
One thing that I embraced as part of my life this year was the 30 days writing challenge. It means that every day I force myself to write something, whether a poem or a random writing, but whatever it is, I must write something. I gave this challenge to myself after I read The Art of War for Writers (by James Scott Bell)—an amazing little book that completely changed my perception of writing forever; at the very least, it helped me throw the “writer’s block” myth in the thrash bin. I highly recommend it to all aspiring writers, even accomplished writers can learn a lot from it! I look forward to keep the same challenge in Twenty Twelve unless a major life-altering event happens.
We started our adventure flying our of Minneapolis Wednesday evening. Cooper did so well on the plane. We read books, had snacks, played with stickers and enjoyed the people around us. We arrive in Florida, got our luggage; which included carseat, stroller, diaper bag, Kevin's backpack, one large piece of luggage and two big carry-ons, and headed for our rental car. After navigating our way through the airport and the tram we were on our way to the hotel.
London Standard - Wednesday 07 December 1898, page 9.That's a lot of whisky. The increase in stocks - 32 million gallons - is 888,889 beer barrels. To put that into context, in 1898 2,055,000 (source: “A History of the Brewing Industry in Scotland” by Ian Donnachie, 1998, pages 147-148) barrels of beer were brewed in Scotland.
This other nameless book - not on the Carnegie by the way - had none of the subtleties of Kevin Brooks. Now, as I said before, there are, and should be books for all. And this was from the point of view of a young Londoner (not in London by the way). I am sure that many boys from 13 and over are inured to some forms of violence because of video games and films, and I am also sure that some of these boys have a strange (to me) disposable idea of sex.
Goal #3: Make Bed and Do Dishes Every Day (Except maybe on Mondays)
At what point do we stop developing our taste buds? For years, I have fought with the blues, only to find it actually works to try something 25 times! I have now come to the other side and crave the blues. No cheese board is complete without them. So what blue converted me? Saint Agur. How can you resist that double creamy, lovely balanced blue served with a beautiful glass of Karlo Estates Van Alstine Port. Hail to the blues! Bring them on in 2012!
I'll probably play around with it some more when I have time, but this will do for now. I always wondered how to make one esp if you don't have a photo editing program like photoshop, or not really computer savvy(like me) this is the easiest way I have found so far.
Special K Kolsch
OK, I want to address people having problems posting and even finding my blog. I left messages with blogger and have gone to their help center. I guess this is a common problem for blogger. SO I added more info and redid all the setting so anyone can post. So if you still have a problem with posting please email directly and I will post your comment for you. :0) It really is no bother so please feel free to email me if you have a problem.
In doing so, she formed an emotional bond with Simon and became his surrogate parent. This is no more far-fetched than the story of Tarzan being adopted by a female ape, which is not far-fetched at all, judging by the number of people who wept liked sissies while watching Greystoke in the cinema.
The photo was taken by LIFE photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt in the midst of an impromptu, but wild celebration, after hearing somebody shout that “The war is over!” Eisenstaedt, in his excitement, failed to get the couple’s names.
On a different note, my exhibition went really well last week! I sold 7 of my prints. It was really good for a first time, and I hope it won't be the last. The place was really nice, although a little tight. At one point, people were bumping into each other just standing there.
One of the members of our interreligious group asked me to write something about the group. I had no clue about what he wanted from it, but as I stared at the blank canvas of the page, this is what came out of me:
Huge thanks to all who have read this blog over the past few years.
$3.00/1 – LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean Fountain of Youth, Target Coupon
OPPA, FIGHTING!
In Mark 8:31-38, Jesus tells his would-be followers that discipleship is all about a willful determination to give it up and take it up. After giving the inside scoop as to what was ahead—that Jesus himself would be rejected by the authorities, that he would suffer cruelty at their hands, and that this suffering would lead to death and eventual resurrection, Peter, the spokesman for the twelve, rebuked Jesus and quickly dismissed this route of suffering. Jesus responded by saying, “If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.” (Mark 8:34 NIV).
Sometimes, silly and ridiculous things happen in your life and you just have to blog them. This is one of those times.
But unlike our last lesson, this one appears to carry even further away from what we've been studying up to this point. How is it that an acrostic poem about such an excellent woman, included an accolade regarding a man, her husband?
Other DEATH PATROL stories published in this blog (so far):
Prior to 1999, the John Madden Football video game series had the loveable Madden himself gracing it’s covers. Look at that mug, a face that only a mother could claim to love. EA Sports and the NFL realized just how big the franchise had grown. By the late 90′s, Madden was played by millions. From there, it’s grown into the most purchased sports game each year in the U.S. Only FIFA tops Madden in world wide purchases. When 1999 rolled around, the cover was handed over to the players. Garrison Hearst of San Francisco earned the inagural honors. Beginning with Hearst, calamity has struck every single player who has been chosen to be the cover-man. Wednesday, Detroit wide receiver Calvin Johnson won the honors over Cam Newton by a fan vote. Something tells me that even Panthers fans may have voted for Megatron, just so Newton would avoid “The Curse.”
To settle loans taken from USA to fight WW1, Britain extracted scarce gold from India. While payments for Indian exports were made in overpriced silver, the Indian peasant was forced to pay for imports and taxes in under-priced gold.
Compulsion is about the power of white magic versus dark forces, yes. But two themes entwine throughout this remarkable story: Family and Destiny.
Quick catch up for those of you that haven't seen the film in a while - after you see a video you are told you will have 7 days to live. Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts) sees the video after her niece falls victim to the curse and uncovers the story of Samara Morgan. The meat and potatoes of the piece is that the Morgans couldn't naturally conceive a child and one day returned to their home with a baby. As the baby grew into a child there were problems on the island where they lived, crops wouldn't grow, horses committed suicide.... the usual. Turns out her adoptive mother semi-suffocated her and threw her down a well. Samara was not actually dead and survived for 7 days at the bottom of the well. Rachel excavates the body thinking she is freeing the soul of a mis-understood child when in reality she has released something much more evil. The only way to survive the second day curse is to make a copy of the tape and show it another person creating a cycle (or ring if you will) of horror!
Over all, the construction and presentation of the product is above-average, but at better than $130, I'd say that the Levenger Bomber Jacket Circa Folio is definitely not an every-day purchase, nor does it appear to be able to withstand the beating it might receive in the hands of a modern-day, active typospherian. However, I will reserve judgment until it's
Fancy having a go yourself? It’s not hard. Just arm yourself with Google, a cracked version of Photoshop and a tumblr account. Here; maybe they used this to get started. Maybe next I’ll be able to see Celebrities as Bears or some other shit pretty soon.
the problem or the target of
with two little children in school
LIVE ACT Ao no Exorcist ~Majin no Rakuin~ (LIVE ACT Blue Exorcist ~Illegitimate Child of the Devil~) will be performed 9 times from May 11th-17th at the Nippon-Seinenkan in Tokyo featuring Ryō Kimura (Senri Nakao in Hana-Kimi) as Rin Okumura and Kimito Totani (Daiki Katō/Kamen Rider Diend inKamen Rider Decade) as Yukio Okumura. See the full cast in costume after the jump.
Where does the name come from?
ORDER
Got to stop now as I can feel myself getting fired up!!!!! Take care out there.
Starring John Cusack back when he had a sense of humor, Better Off Dead is a haven for great quotes, most famously the line, "I want my two dollars!" from the paperboy who hounds Lane Meyer throughout the film for past due payment. Other Better Off Dead in this blog can be found HERE, and a website with .wav files of the quotes from this film can be found HERE. Your super sentimental trivia for the day: this was the first movie that Marci and I saw together, even before we were "officially" dating. Awwww.
I recently over heard the news speaking about a program called “Black Girls Run”. In hopes to improve my own health and exercise behaviors I stopped to take a peak. The program provides encouragement for African American females to improve their well being. I found that this was great for the African American community, it give us time to bond with other sisters and gain ways to become healthier. Now, tell me that ain’t awesome!
those cell phones and all of the satellite phones, whatever he was
But nothing like that was in place in Wazi Zadran, which is sort of a backwater even for overeager humanitarians. But the local U.S. Commander was sympathetic and agreed to provide some materials to build retaining walls on the condition that the local police filled them for the woman. In a moment of rare and unadulterated partnership, they did. Her life still wasn’t going to be easy, but at least, for once, I felt like my tax dollars were going somewhere worthwhile.
Looking out for number one,
I am forever tweaking things in our apartment, and right now our gallery wall is seeing the most change! I splurged on a few of the prints and put other random things in the frames to serve as place holders until I a)saved money to buy some gorgeous art, and b)found something I absolutely loved.
Never mind if you got to the end before you realized how bad it was, never mind if that little voice at the back of your head keeps whispering you can fake it ... just do that little thing you do and nobody will notice. Never mind if it's been YEARS. Never mind if all your well meaning friends and relatives keep saying, it only needs a little TWEAK (They all tell you that because they don't want to upset you. A total rewrite is not a tweak. There. I said it).
Clear and golden colored. Nose is a touch malty sweet and veggie like. The taste is a touch malty sweet and veggie like. Crisp with a sweet brown sugar after taste. Goes down kinda easy. A touch of sourness as it warms up, like a lemon thing. I'll take it for an english style brown ale. Not much in the way of nuts. Just a pinch of hops in the aftertaste. Nice. 3 Stars for the gentlemen at Ridgeway.
I'm tired of putting on this show. I'm tired of it all, actually.
Let's start with ugly~
I'd be so alone without you
This one made me laugh. “Your mother loves you!”
and it gives me to think
3/8/12 – Fresno, CA @ Audie’s Olympic
At one stage I thought the amount of weight lost was going to be even more but as I lamented in my post yesterday, this weight-loss journey is often two steps forward and one step back.
Gabe's romantic life is as complicated. While he has a healthy relationship with Charlie, a nightclub singer, he begins an obsessive affair with Lena, one of his employees, after he discovers that she has nowhere to live after Yuri's death. Originally from Belarus, Lena had become tangled in a prostitution ring and had sought refuge with Yuri to escape her assailants.
1.Light a grill. In a medium bowl, mash the avocados, sour cream, jalapeño, red onion, cilantro and 3 tablespoons of the lime juice. Season the guacamole with salt and pepper and press a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the guacamole.
This year’s Nude issue was released on the 20th February. Here’s a (then) sneek-peak of the production process.
I asked how She got started and this is what she said:
Shifting your focus from love to your purpose will save your time, money and energy. There’s nothing like investing years into something that doomed to fail. Time is of the essence. It’s something you cannot by back. Keep in mind this isn’t the move Justin Timberlake starred in called In Time.
Dixon/Adrianna- Dixon gets a call while he’s at CU from a guy at the record company asking him if he wants to sign a record contract or not. Dixon is still apprehensive and the guy tells him to hurry up with a decision. While he’s at breakfast with Annie, Annie tells him she’s worried he’s running himself ragged and asks if he’s doing drugs again. Dixon then tells her about the solo record contract and how he hasn’t told Ade about it. Annie asks Dixon to tell Ade the truth. Dixon gets a call to meet someone at a recording studio and is surprised to see Ade there. Adrianna wanted to surprise him with studio time so they could cut a new demo. Ade then plays a beat from Dixon’s computer and Dixon freaks and tells Ade she can’t use it. Dixon then says he can’t breathe and thinks that he’s having a heart attack. At the hospital, the doctor tells Dixon she suspects he has a heart defect. She thinks that his drug use made it worse and formed a clot. The doctor also tells him to avoid stress. Dixon runs into Liam at the hospital and tells him about his heart, but also tells him not to tell Annie. Dixon then finds Raj and learns that Raj’s treatments didn’t work and he’s dying. Raj asks him not to tell Ivy. Dixon tells Liam about Raj, but Liam says he shouldn’t go against a dying mans wish. Annie overhears Liam talking about Dixon and then confronts Dixon about his heart issues. Dixon tells Annie he’ll be fine. Dixon then tells Ivy about Raj. Liam later tells Dixon he did the right thing telling Ivy and Annie about him & Raj. Later, Dixon’s about to tell Ade the truth about his record contract, but she interrupts and tells him she quitting music because of Dixon’s stress. Ade tells him their music isn’t worth his life and she’d do anything for him.
It is chargrilling the broccoli and then drenching it in a garlic & chilli infused olive oil that makes this dish so special. You can serve it on its own, as a side dish with anything, or make it the star on top of some sweet soy rice noodles. Either way it’s delicious. You need to try this.
I've found two things helpful for weight loss in the past week. The first is a free iPhone app called My Fitness Pal, where you can list everything you're eating, track your weight and see the exact number of calories/fat/protein/carbs etc you've consumed. (If you're in the US, the app Fit Day does the same with US ingredients.) If you're completely honest about listing your food intake, you might find - as I did - that you're eating a bit more than you need to, and with this app it's easy to adjust your diet accordingly.
I have been to four Greek Islands in the last few years, and each time I have noticed a common similarity. The older generation of local Greeks are still very active and content. No doubt beautiful weather plays a part in their longevity (sunshine boosting vitamin D levels), but I also think diet and lifestyle are also key factors too.
The breakdown in the blogosphere is similar: from Ezra Klein to Matthew Yglesias to Mike Konczal and beyond, nearly all of the most prominent leftists are concerned with the technical details of public policy. Mainstream media pundits are no different: Paul Krugman occasionally ventures into justifying a left-wing vision for the future, but he is usually content to demonstrate the empirical debility of various conservative canards. E.J. Dionne’s communitarianism stands out as a lonely example of left-wing commentary with a vision.
My honey
USC: The moral of this story is, you can’t afford a loss if you’re in a crappy conference. This is a really good team regardless of how bad the competition is.
This audio is ripped from a videotape which was supposedly given to a New York TV station by Alec John Such (former Bon Jovi bass player), and is from his personal collection of Bon Jovi items.
It was so much fun to help make this fun evening a success!
During a trip to a local pub, the President downed a Guinness in four gulps, which earned him a round of applause from the locals.
I believe that something well done is 98% preparation and 2% perspiration. If my calculations are correct then, our Pilot Episode should be spectacular! I have spent the last three weeks doing so much behind the scene work to make this Podcast excellent, and it has finally come time to see if it pays off. I would equate our Pilot with a baby Horse, just birthed from its mother, and trying to find its footing and walk. It very well might sound a slight bit shaky, but soon enough it will be running through the fields at a gallop.
They came to me via a friend of DIL. The lady lives in sheltered accomodation and tenants are allowed a cat or small dog as long as they have been spayed/neutered. She bought her cat with assurances that it had been spayed/neutered. Well obviously it hadn't and 5 kittens arrived. She managed to rehome 3 and had promised me one. Last week she was worried about them as they had gone off their food, and the council were on her back to rehome the remaining two kittens. She called in the RSPCA and they said that as the kittens were so tiny another week with mom would be ideal. That shut the council up. As there was one kitten without a home and destined to the RSPCA, I said that if the last one hadn't been homed I would take it. The RSPCA were happy with that and gave the all clear for them on Friday. So now I have 2 tiny beautiful tabby kittens.
Now I, for one, am not holding those latest commercials up as being a bastion of unrivalled creativity but I do think these kind of comebacks are a healthy thing for advertising in general.
It does change the chemical balance in the brain, and it is an honest to goodness addiction for many men. That doesn't mean it can't be broken; it's just that many men WANT to break it, but don't know how. They feel great shame about it, in the same way that an alcoholic feels shame.
I am not saying it it not hard to get the work experience – time and effort is required. But there are only so many hours in the day, you want to maximise your potential. A few half baked applications to the say top 5 law firms in the country when all you have done is ticked the law degree box is a waste of time, as the time can be put to a much better use.
This was my dad’s response to this post:
Where the feeling came from I was not sure, but it was very insistent. As I got up from my bed I glanced at the clock, it was only seven-thirty; it felt as if I had spent hours reading-not only a few minutes. I stashed my journal and the book in a new hiding place and made sure Max hadn’t been watching.
By the time my two sons had reached their high-school grades in the year 2006, their little sister entered Grade 1 into a mixed multicultural classroom, which she stubbornly refused to accept from the very first day she entered school. Her excuse was always the same: “The black boys are very naughty!” I can elaborate a great deal on what my reactions were back then, and also on what the various definitions of ‘very naughty’ actually meant in a young child’s mind, but let’s leave that for now! Today I am most grateful that my daughter is residing with her mother (my ex-wife) in Australia, and that she is excelling in all her school subjects.
Dewsbury South
the bleeding was under control.
I love OLOL so much, it’s ridiculous. It’s small, it’s mighty, it has awesome music (thanks to our Minister of Music and chair of Spelman College’s Department of Music, Dr. Kevin Johnson), and it’s got Father John Adamski – our tall, rail-thin, challenging, intellectual, lovely priest. I’m not sure if you know many Catholics, but I can tell you for sure, we’re not the monolithic, homogenized, “jump to the Pope’s every proclamation” pack of lemmings that you may think. I, for one, believe that the church’s stance on birth control is socially irresponsible, morally insupportable, and just plain nuts. But I also think the church’s position on poverty, social responsibility, gun control, the death penalty, immigration, health care, equality, civil rights, justice, and charity is truly inspired.
Creme fraiche or sour cream to serve
The book is well-researched and rich with the topics of poverty, racism and scientific ethics. This was one of those books that I found myself reading whenever I had a few minutes. It is written from the point of view of the author, contains some scientific and medical terminology, and as such is often bluntly graphic. I found profanity to be minimal.
Auckland 6.7% to 7.9% (51,100 to 60,700)
Will told us that he never see the Eiffel Tower, so we went. We were leaving all their stuffs at Paris Gare du Nord before having our bigggg walk.
If smelling gasoline weren't a health hazard enough, meet the girl who drinks it.
The Search for Santa Paws ... Disney (west) ... 4 PM
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Yule Fuel Holiday Firkin Xmas 2010
The show is on 2fm this Sunday as well as its usual 2xm slot,but you don't have to wait because I love you...and me.
I'm saving this one.... (not for the pool room), but I'm putting it away with my hospital suitcase, so that I'll have something soft and snuggly and comforting when the time comes.
Carl Smith-- A firefighter; shot by a black male while attempting to organize firefighter units to fight several fires at Mack and St. Jean.
2. Second, the eggs need to be kept warm. On a farm, a hen will sit on the eggs to keep them warm. In the classroom, we use a machine called an incubator to keep the eggs warm. The incubator has a heating coil around the top to warm the eggs and thermometers that show us the temperature so we can make sure it is just right.
After the cut in King Kong (at 6:20) the tape goes bad but turns back to normality before the end of the song.
The older generation are wrong to mourn its closing - it's true that the presence of Tetley's in Leeds is an important cultural artefact, but once Tetley's became Carlsberg-Tetley's, its days were numbered. And the younger generation are wrong to ignore its closure - the maxim that you need to know your past before you can know your future rings true here.
I'm done with the lies and the deceit. I'm done with what I now realize may have been years of emotional abuse and allowing him to control my life. I'm done with having to check-in when I'm out with my girlfriends or working late. I'm done with the fact that my family never really liked you. I'm done with you not allowing me to see my own self-worth. I'm done with the not-so-secret accounts that I've found out about. I'm done with the infidelity. I'm done with the accusations even though you were the one out there having all the fun. I'm done with the games. I'm done with the sneaking around. I'm done with him acting like he didn't see one of my girlfriends at 3:30am in the morning. Yeah...if you're reading this...you're so busted on that one. I'm done with needing to call him when I need something fixed. The Biscuits have already volunteered their husbands for various activities if and when I need help around the house. (Don't get it dirty y'all...one is a techie, one is handy, and one knows his automobiles!) In fact, I'm damn proud of myself for fixing my light post by my driveway and re-setting my own furnace when I woke up and it was 62 degrees in my house. I'm done with all of the incredible things that I have found out over the last two weeks. But since I'm a classy girl, I am not going to share all of that with you guys. All I will say is that the new information proves one thing...CERTIFIABLE!
This is my last post from Iowa! The movers are here today loading all of our boxes. Thankfully my parents are here to help. I am exhausted, and ready for this move to be over. Saturday night we will be in Colorado!
There is none of the ‘troubled childhood’ that is typical of a celebrity memoir. Despite his parents’ separation, he seems to have dealt with it fairly well, and one thing that really stands out in this book is Pegg’s affection for his family and friends. He isn’t afraid to express platonic love for his best friend, Nick Frost, and is obviously grateful to his parents for getting him interested in amateur dramatics, leading him to study theatre at Stratford-upon-Avon College and eventually study film at the University of Bristol.
The Armenians who survived the march eventually ended up in gulags in the Syrian Desert, the Der Zor, where thousands more died of disease, starvation and thirst.
At some point, Aiden Levi McGrew, their 2-month-old boy who was born on Valentine’s Day, was taken from a swing by a Labrador retriever mix as his father slept, officials have said.
The other families we met at Billy's old school are truly second to none. Smart, funny, accepting people who continue to welcome us into their lives even though we have spent a whole school year apart. The adults are the kind of folk teenage me hoped to be have as grown up friends, and the kids are beautiful centred human beings with passions and talents they love to share. I know we throw the word around a bit too much these days, but truly... in terms of these people, we are blessed.
Thanks Rebecca for inviting us to M's party!
The question I ask is am I and the Belgian bar staff being irresponsible in allowing teenagers to drink beer in a controlled but relaxed environment? Or should Britain follow this lead to discourage the binge drinking by teenagers at home, in parks etc. I knew exactly how to behave in a pub by the age of 16 and education denied to current teenagers.
Being close to Dartmoor, this particular sanctuary gets a lot of wild ponies from the moor - orphaned foals whose mothers have been hit by cars, mares in distress, etc. They also take in horses. This is Baboushka, a lovely TB-cross mare only 6 years old who has a problem with her hind legs that mean she cannot be ridden or carry a foal, since her legs won’t support the extra weight. As a broodmare, she is useless. As a riding horse, she is useless. But she has a lovely nature and is lucky enough to have a place at the sanctuary for life.
They do not seek to heal estrangements between others, to prevent quarrels and contentions, and to bring together those who have begun to drift apart.
All artists participating in The Pulse were asked to name their favorite art books. The Book Guild will present this list, along with links, book reviews, giveaways, and interviews with many of your favorite authors. And as members of The Guild, I am hoping YOU will participate by leaving comments related to the books in each post - for example thoughts, book reviews, personal experiences, or a link back to your own blog posts that include artwork based on a project in the listed book.
anyhoo...onto to my scrappy happy goodies!
Do it for the stokies around the world near and far
I am not telling you what to do. I’m simply stating that I would just like a little more proof you are who you say you are. I have the paperwork completed for the Western Union transfer (please see attached) and I am standing at the Western Union location right now. I just want to make sure I’m sending it to the right person. You can understand that I need to be very cautious. So please, if you don’t mind, I request that you attach the requested photo and then I will submit the paperwork.
The original set only had a player name and a black and white bust shot of the player, so these elements were mimicked for this card.
My sister called at 10:56. I told her- I’d meet them at 11:45. That was before I overslept.
"I am very happy," Michelson reportedly said of the settlement. "I am looking forward to working with Medtronic to see how many of the devices we can develop to help patients."
When I drive her to school in the mornings, I like to listen to a specific radio station, which I lurve - 96 Rock. A couple of weeks ago, they did an interview with a somewhat well known pron star. Today, they were talking about the rate of STD's among people in their later years, and how it has gone up. They aren't shy about the dirty talk.
In other words, once you redefine marriage as anything other than a lifetime bond, you create massive disincentives for couples to pursue the traditional arrangement. (Might this have been the feminist plan all along? Discuss amongst yourselves.)
“Annie!”
c) Israel recycles 80% of its waste water as of 2010, the Palestinians 0%
Putting aside their appearance, these are however, the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever put on my feet. The cushioning on the bottom is miraculous, preventing any soreness on my feet. I'm going to try them out today for a longer walk after I get back from my morning group meditation.
Earn 500 bonus Starpoints per night at Sheratons worldwide (no limits). Online-bookings ONLY
Greetings, Anvil readers. I’ve done another guest post for filmmaker James Killough’s Pure Film Creative, which you can read here. Check it out and tell me what you think, but please note the content there is a bit edgier.
"December 1983. A Christmas party down in the East Village, at 240 East 13th Street. It was B.Y.O.B., and Genevieve Cook brought a bottle of Baileys Irish Cream. The host was a young man employed as a typist at Chanticleer Press, a small Manhattan publishing company that specialized in coffee-table books. Genevieve had worked there briefly but had left to attend graduate school at Bank Street College, up near Columbia, and was now an assistant teacher for second and third graders at Brooklyn Friends School. She was living temporarily at her mother and stepfather’s place on the Upper East Side.
Sit on the chair
Tony Greenstein
First, face-to-face meeting capture attention. Second, they “inspire a positive emotional climate.” And lastly, they build relationships between individuals.
Surging through my fingertips
(2) Ignore it as if it never touched your heartSee more
They are made from thick card board, with layers of book pages, kitchen towel, an lots of layers of glue to make it tuff, oh an fibres to, lots of pretty yummy fibres...
When I got to mile 9 I tried to push it harder. I'd run part of this course before during the PAWS 8K when another OPRC member, Robert, paced me. During those final rolling hills to the finish I distinctly remember him telling me to take it easy on the uphill and pick it up on the downhill. Good advice.
He is buried in the graveyard of Cannongate Kirk .
Dear Kellie -
Boys: Root Words 1st Page: 2nd Page
And then another time portal opened, from 1965; out came a very young Barry Soetoro with his 24-year-old mother, Ann Dunham. Young Barry was dressed in a pirate costume for Halloween.
E: chicken nuggets
She had mommy all to herself all weekend. And let me just tell you that she was only bearable for half the time and the rest of the time she was down right awful. Just awful. It also didn't help that she was super short of sleep. She won't nap in the car anymore so Friday she had no nap. Saturday we had to leave for the birthday party super early so she only got about 45 minutes and then on the drive home today she missed another nap. So, that is a total of 45 minutes of nap when there should have been 7.5 hours of naps in 3 days. Huge. HUGE. deficit.
Okay, so I was roleplaying while I was waiting for my brother to come so we could watch Doctor Who, and NaNoWriMo gave me this message:
The burden was lifted when I took a long walk which gave me time to think and ask questions of myself. What drew me to unschooling in the first place? What keeps my family and me unschooling now?
“Please take off your shoes and socks,” Coach Wooden would announce to the team, seating himself upon a locker room bench. “I’m going to show you the proper way to put them back on.” The new players would look at one another in disbelief – had the old man lost him mind? What on earth did this have to do with basketball? Not wanting to question their leader, they all would comply and waited for what would come next.
The second time, Derere called all the vaShawasha people to a hill called Guruuswa. When all the people were gathered there Paingarire dug the soil and mixed it with water and said to him, “Take this soil Oh Chinamora” and he took it. Then all the people clapped their hands. They named him Chinamora(‘) and he became chief of the vaShawasha.
*Have I mentioned that I love the feature of a Google search where “define:” is added to a search term and Google finds definitions for the search term?
That being said, we received the Honey Stinger assortment package seen below, which can be found at Green Cupboards, here.
I started thinking seriously about it this fall. I heard that eating a raw diet increases your intuition, and that was a big motivator. I knew something had to change. I was thinking this coming Spring, when the farmer's market opened, I'd start. THEN, my Dad got me a Target gift card for Christmas. As soon as it was in my hands, I wanted to get a blender. Forget about the trash can we need in the office, and new measuring cups (mine got melted!), or clothes. I was picturing a blender.
We completed our move to my mom's (THE crazy cat lady) Sept 1, then my uncle died, daughter moved closer, we moved the camper (our weekday home away from home while hubby works out of town), and MUCH activity with our other kids, not counting all the birthdays and holidays. Whew...
You're* wondering, what has happened in Nate's life since his last post?
I mentioned the 500 links, but all is not well over in the linkage department. First the good news. The alphabetic blogroll, labeled Kindred Spirits, works great and is completely up to date. The color codes allow readers to get a sense of a blog's content before they visit.
I used to work in a pizza restaurant while I was studying. I tried all facets of the business from home delivery to waiting tables then prepping the dough to finally putting the pizzas together to be baked. The temptation is to load the base with as many different ingredients as possible but from experience I’ve learnt that this leads to a soggy base with uncooked toppings.
Until now, I have only really used my Epic 6 for letterpress projects. It was time to see what she could do with die cuts. I used the nesting doily circles die and nesting circles die to cut felt for these cute hair clips. I recommend using wool or wool-blend felt, and passing the die cut through the Epic a 3-4 times for a nice, clean cut.
Do you notice that almost all shopping complexs have started their X'mas decorations? Oh I love X'mas, just can't wait!
A Northern Cape farmer, Deon Steenkamp (44), his wife, Christelle (43), and daughter, Marthella (14), were murdered on their farm Naauwhoek near Griqua Town (Griekwastad) at about 18:00 on Friday. The farm is situated 10km out on the Niekerkshoop Gravel Road.
constituted businesses – with each business separately registered at Companies House as a ‘Private Limited Company’. For
So, follow along for another chapter in our adventures - continuing to homeschool in our new, rural community; learning about farm life; callousing our hands; and warming our hearts.
- Those who do not know that they know
"Your book on how to pick up trashy women came today. Tell me something.... what's a little boy like you doing with big boy smut like this?"
Baby boy, you are loved. We are all excited to meet you, but hey, could you just hang on for a few more weeks? We'd all feel better about that. Your Momma included.
I'm finishing up on my last science unit of the year, Earth Science. This freebie is for a fun activity that involves students taking core samples of a cupcake. I even added a few fossils, raisins and chocolate chips. This was my first attempt at this but I think it turned out ok. Some of the layers ran together a little. I'm thinking I might bake each layer a few minutes before pouring in the next batter layer. My best friend and colleague suggested using Jello. The layers would be a lot clearer I think. Also, I found the plastic tubes in a science kit, but if you can't find something that will work, try rolling up and taping overhead transparency sheets into a tube. If you have any suggestions or comments, I would love to hear from you! Click the picture for your free copy and good luck as you continue to make magic in your classroom!
INVITES, INSERTS, CALLIGRAPHY, LABEL DESIGN: Laura Hooper Calligraphy
The reason why the Police are NOT taking action against the IDENTIFIED SUSPECT is because there is an ongoing Civil Action against the Minister of Police and to make an arrest now, would possibly be detrimental to the Defendant (Minister of Police) case.
We welcome Heather and are sure you will be thoroughly inspired by her talents!!!
I keep looking for
Subsets:
Kids were all about protecting this planet from the ravages of man's own trash and polluting. And so what better: make an embodiment of all this topical social ruin for Godzilla to fight (Hedorah in this case) and set them up to battle each other. What could be easier?
One day, just as the lunch bell was about to ring, Cheri walked over to Greg and told him that she wanted to talk to him alone. She asked if he would stay for a few minutes, after the lunch bell rang. Greg wasn’t stupid by any means, and he knew of Ms. Pitts reputation. “I have to eat my lunch.” Greg said. “I have football practice today, and I will need my strength.” Ms. Pitts had never seen anything but excitement when she made advances toward a boy. This was new territory for her. “Wouldn’t you like to stay with me a while. We could have a little talk, and you could earn some extra credits.” Cheri said as she winked at Greg. “Ms. Pitts, if it’s all the same to you, I would like to eat lunch. I missed breakfast.” Greg replied. She didn’t know what to do in this situation. She had never been turned down before.
P: my dad's friend's wife (Toni) played soccer with me in the yard
in appreciation,
-Sam Kraus
Bought frozen marlin fish.
The Ritual; Adam Nevill (Pan)
Overall, though, this is a film worth taking a trip to the Cineplex for... although you can just as easily wait for it to be released on DVD or VOD, because there's really nothing here that will be lost by not seeing in on the theatre. Heck, maybe those terrible blood effects will seem less terrible when on a smaller screen.
i am abundantly blessed by my little community here.
You’re swallowed by her eyes of grey.
FUJIPET 120EE
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
Spread the batter into the prepared pan, even out with the spatula and sprinkle the crumb topping on top. Even out the topping and lightly press down a bit forcing some into the cake batter.
Saldaña: Normally I begin writing at around 11P.M., when my wife and I have put the kids to bed, once I’ve wound down from the day. I’ll listen to Leno or Letterman (neither one of them is as funny as they used to be, and they’re no longer relevant, so I listen to their monologues more as white noise than for the content).
First we met at their school, Scipione Maffei. They had made this welcome sign for us! Look at the Moomins they drew! :-D The vice rector gave us a welcome speech and after that we were already headed for our first place to visit.
As far as I know this is the one and only Christmas trappist beer available, please bring me wisdom if I am wrong. A wise decision, if you ask me, from the youngest trappist brewer, and the sort of inventiveness you might only have expected from the brothers at Koningshoeven, who introduced the first trappist witbier.
Talk about a show stopper. I’ve never seen cheese presented like this. It takes cheese entertaining to the next level.
dharati se ambar tak guunje jismon kaa sangeet
There is perhaps nothing more beautiful than the innocence and potential of children. And likewise, there is nothing as heartbreaking as a child in anguish.
I heard feedback today on NPR about a story they did recently about Texas succession so I had to look it up. It started with a mention of Rick Perry on the campaign trail saying that Texas might have to leave the union to escape meddling from the federal government.
Years ago, I bought the promisingly titled paperback, rushed home, slipped into a hot bath, and started reading. I vividly remember throwing the damn thing across the bathroom an hour later, thinking: “I could write a better book than THAT!” (‘Turns out that doing so is harder than I thought it would be. I should take this opportunity to offer up a sincere apology to Mr. Laymon, may he rest in peace.)
In the past few years, we’ve explored a range of possible futures, from the dystopian business model of ARK-Inc to the hopeful, humane crowdsourced futures of the Power of 8.
Good Morning and Welcome to the big annual customer blog hop. This is a big blog hop where are all Greeting Farm fans get to participate and show their love of the farm. I'm so excited to be playing along!
According to my arrangement with my wife, that will be prior to 10pm on Saturday night.
“Oh. I just thought Id tell you I’m fine.” I said.
We are legion.
Pedro: Vas a la fiesta? Juan: No, estoy cansado, me quedo en casa. Pedro: Que? Boludo, es viernes, no se queda en casa.
More rumours suggest that Sony is going in the same direction as Microsoft in that it wants to kill off the second hand games market. Current industry wisdom suggests that future PS4 games might be tied to your Sony Entertainment Network account and will thus then have no resale value. That’s a similar approach as used by PC developers using Steam so we reckon this is a likely development. Doesn’t mean we’re happy about it, though.
All well and good checking the "signal strength" in terms of S-Meter reading, or dBm (the Perseus has a good, linear & accurate S-meter) but what about noise level, and S/N ratio? What is the E-Field Strength? Can I calculate it from the received signal power/voltage?
Well today is a pretty normal day even though it is my "actual"' birthday.. Wait kinda more on the boring side actually and there was the box of goodies that I had laying around in my caking room and it had like 10 packs of SK Sugar flower paste!
I've always been a fan of the strange and spooky tale. My family thought me a strange child, especially when I announced that I'd seen fairies in my bedroom. So it's a question of writing what one loves. My best ideas seem to arrive in that strange time between waking and sleeping. I try to write them down in the notepad beside my bed, but sometimes I think they're so brilliant that I'm sure I'll remember them, and then I don't.
A purse-sized calendar for next year
I love pizza. Fact.
Now as I lay here in the recliner holding him, I can actually hear it crackling and smell the goop coming out of it.
Unlike the Da Vinci code, I found this to be stimulating, enjoyable and very readable novel...despite some of the more graphic scenes that I could probably have done without.
Before the deed is done, unblooméd bud,
Oct 29th update – Black Pepper Steak: 7.0/10 (by me) The steak was well done and seemed pre-cooked as opposed to be freshly cooked for each order. Again, I am worrying about the rest of the food quality now …
Just my opinion and observation but the hives really seem to pack in the honey around the Small-Hold once the Dutch clover begins blooming. Part of that maybe because they are concentrating on pollen when the dandelions and locust bloom but by May when the clover comes out they have already done their build ups. Whatever the case I need to finish up an inspection or two and get a honey super on Hive 3 this weekend.
Next time an issue is pressing and your repeated pleas yield little conversation, keep close the heartfelt faith that God loves us enough that He has prepared us and that He may be quiet but is never far away. He is always right there.
The failure is now most visible in the financial sphere, overshadowing other just as vital areas. Britain is a print happy, debtor nation, who while lecturing other failed economies of Iceland and Greece is itself running a 12.6% deficit, as opposed to the equally unsupportable one of Greece, at 12.7%. Worse, England is running a 0% interest rate, ruining the retirement of millions of its pensioners, even as its medical system goes about the task of dispatching them off in drove, to the other world, in a "dignified" manner, of course. That will not be a problem for much longer of course as the retirement age is raised first to 70 and later to 75, at that point we will all be dying in harness with about as much love and care as the pit pony. At present, on average, one in 8 stores has closed down, leaving many areas abandoned, and the rate is continuing to accelerate.
In most cases people just ask where I've been and then explain whatever it is that I'm lost about whether it's how public libraries work in the Internet age or what Netflicks is - then they ask why I look so cold when it's 75 degrees outside.
For as long as you stay focused and grow within your new season of change, more is coming towards you for your growth and acceleration, completely set up by the song within… the resonance within your DNA sent out thru your heart.
Emily hugged her knees up tight against her chest remembering all these lovely things that made her feel warm inside. But then she looked at the corner again and remembered that this Christmas something was very different.
Another reason I didn’t put up the estimate progress for TSR, is the change of thought I don’t find that I should anyway now. It would certainly be without any problems as long as progress goes on steadily, but then what if it doesn’t? What if the staff needs to take a break or something and it doesn’t move for a while? I think it’ll kind of create the negative effect on the public when the numbers doesn’t move for some time, which might cause a negative effect on the staff as well. Editing progress on TSR is not really constant and fixed due to it being a side project and the extensive changing on text, so it’ll probably be best to just keep it this way.
The past few years I have encouraged a precious woman from our congregation to write her story. A few days ago she shared with me a story about the day her son was killed in an automobile accident.
I could also totally relate to today's Hambo Stamps image, Maxine has been pulling up some of my Stevia plants out in the garden. I've been able to rescue them, clean them up and quickly dehydrate them.
2. I can understand the arguments about the movie the Passion of Christ
Theologians and Christians who wish to deepen their faith “cannot count on just their intelligence, but must cultivate a profound experience of faith at the same time,” he said.
3. Women in LA decided at some point to behave like men. They saw the only women engaging with men at all were women who adapted to the casual sex environment. The problem is, I don't know a ton of women who actually respected that "come and go" behavior when men were the only ones doing it. It can't come as a shock that many men don't either. Oh, they still have sex with those girls, but now no one seems particularly fulfilled with the choice. Don't get me wrong-- a lot of people are having sex, but I just don't see a lot of people who are happy.
The White House is “all talk, no action” on moving toward compromise, said Anthony Picarello, general counsel for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. “There has been a lot of talk in the last couple days about compromise, but it sounds to us like a way to turn down the heat, to placate people without doing anything in particular,” Picarello said. “We’re not going to do anything until this is fixed.”
This past week, the baking group Tuesdays with Dorie completed making all the recipes in Dorie Greenspan's wonderful book, Baking: From My Home to Yours.
It was the only thing I could do. ( Actually the CA DMV Website advised that the first thing you do is call 911)
Seattle television station KIRO-TV reported last week that there are allegations that during a trip last year to El Salvador, agents engaged in activities similar to those in Colombia.
When we live from the mind life loses a sense of magic. When we live from our heart we fully awaken to life. To do this we don’t need to travel across the world although it is easier to make this connection when you are somewhere unknown and new. The mind has nothing to compare the experience to so it is easier for it to stay silent. We can learn to bring mindfulness to every moment of our lives. If we can fully immerse ourselves in whatever we are doing, the moment comes to life and life becomes more beautiful. Living from the mind makes the world lose it’s luster, specialness, and newness.
“When Ryan joined the Army, he was willing to sacrifice his life for his country,” she said. “And he did, just in a different way, without the glory. He would want it this way.”
character and memory bleeds
Your work is amazing and I am so happy to have found your blog.
He considered that for a moment and then threw her back.
As for James Baldwin, I think Fran Lebowitz’s exposure to him mimics my reaction to his book and his entire body of work which I have since read. She recounts seeing him for the first time, “I mean I didn’t know there was such a thing as intellectuals. I did not grow up among them so my idea of an intellectual was James Baldwin. I had never heard anyone talk like that in my life. I was completely mesmerized by him” (Public Speaking, 2011). My feelings exactly! Every time I pick up a pen or put ink to paper I think of Baldwin. He is so inspiring to me that on my last trip to New York I made multiple pilgrimages to places he talked about in interviews and books. He’s the reason I listen to jazz and the reason I like to talk about race and gender issues. He’s the mentor I’ve never met, who died before my time.
A family, a house full of kids
Pour this mixture into the wok to thicken the gravy.
Through it all, his son Oliver (Ewan McGregor) is at his side, as is his dog, Arthur, a Jack Russell terrier played by Cosmo. The dog is adorable, and not sickeningly adorable. Just adorable enough. This movie is so well made, with its flashes to different times, or the dog looking up at Oliver and under the dog is a subtitle so we know what the dog is thinking.
33. Ok....i'm struggling a bit now!!! More tea....back on track......
The Minister who is a close ally of President Jonathan is said to be
Capsicum - 1 (sliced into small pieces)
We'll start with the creative and crafty. Fortunately, I have encountered no objects made from slaughtered typewriters.
She opens her eyes and you see a smile starting. Not at her mouth but the corners of her eyes. Her lips move. You can't hear it but she whispers --
I hope you feel confident to click now, and enjoy some other fun (and pretty well known) blogs. Now, back to blog stalking and time wasting.
McCullers JA, Speck KM, Williams BF, Liang H, Mirro J Jr. Increased influenza vaccination of healthcare workers at a pediatric cancer hospital: results of a comprehensive influenza vaccination campaign. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 77-79.
7. Tiffany
Give a little more, because it is more than just going in to the studio with a producer and making beats. Give a little more, because it is more than just having your voice washed over with every effect from autotune, compression, reverb and equalizers. Give a little more, because it is more than shit talking hype. You want to be a singer? Then learn your craft and learn an instrument. Understand basic theory, comprehend chords, keys and harmonies. Learn the basics of recording. Too many of these “artists” rely on others to make the art. It is like saying you want to be a chef and all you do is bring out the food. Put in some effort, learn the basics so you can advance and don’t need to rely on everyone else all the time. So Give a little More.
Back in the 50s, Disney published called "Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse Club Magazine". Disney story artist Bill Peet wrote and illustrated these articles about the history of train travel for the magazine.
While Dr Karp also focuses on preventing problems through fun approaches, setting yourself up for success, and so on, there were a few things that I didn’t wholly agree with.
Mi Roo wants to know just what Tan Ya’s been up to and she just points to the butterfly wall where Goo Young Ho marked his territory. Mi Roo yells at her saying she wasn’t going to use him but Tan Ya claims that all they did was sleep.
On that note, I think taking a moment to talk about Whitney Houston is in order. In particular, the attitude I've been seeing around the Internet that she doesn't deserve to be mourned because of the problems in her life. For example, on Twitter:
Then I asked about the Eel River Organic Pale Ale, and the dude disses pale ale! Said he just didn't think pale ale had much to say. Then he dissed the flagship lineup of Philly Brewing and Brooklyn -- now wait a minute, I said, Brooklyn Lager is delish, I could drink it all day. And the waiter, walking by, does a spit-take laugh and blows a raspberry! "Grow up!" I bellowed. "No one appreciates subtlety any more." So I got a 16 oz. glass of Eel River, at 4.5%, and enjoyed the hell out of it: crisp, hoppy, grassy, light and nimble on the palate, delightful. Ah, me.
PS - Thank you for the lovely comments on Friday's post. :)
I plan to figure out my shoulders
Here's the problem I have with teleological fiction: It is essentially the sensationalization of history. Push it further (especially in the case of Exodus), and it can lead to the creation of popular myth. My uncle isn't the only person I've met who's cited Exodus as their source on early Israeli history. I see a similar thing happening with people quoting Dan Brown in reference to the history of the Catholic Church. This isn't intended to be a scathing criticism of Exodus or the Da Vinci Code - both are great, fun books. In fact, if you're gonna read those two, read Exodus' requel "The Haj," and the Da Vinci Code's prequel "Angels & Demons." Doing so gives you a better understanding of the authors' ideas of history and its heros.
Nope! Her expression told me that she was serious and that this was not a joke….
Today is my first official challenge at Memorable Seasons and I chose to issue a Journaling challenge. I always write on my layouts, not because I like my handwriting, but because I think it is important to share what is happening at that moment in our lives so that we can always remember what the Lord has done in our lives - you might call my scrapbooks our "Book of Rememberance" as the Lord mentions.
WHOOOOOOAAAAAA!
You can hear the desperation in David’s words, his crisis of faith is blatantly clear. But in a moment, he makes a decision to not be abandoned by God when he says:
Who'll want to read it? Emilys, parents who have serious kids, duck lovers.
This is a new find for me recommended by my Parisian friend Joy who knows about all things French and all things beauty. I have never been a big fan of Clarins but when my pal tells me Parisian secrets... well... I listen...She mentioned that les femmes Parisiennes were going crazy for this serum and that I should try it... that it really made a difference... I did... It did... and I love it.... I use it both day and night...especially at this time of year... and it makes my skin feel soft, smooth and dewy ... that is a miracle in itself.. Spoil yourself this Christmas...
Butternut squash was never something that featured predominantly on the dinner menu in my house. In truth it never featured on it at all.
MQ is lobbying for Maisy or Midnight. I was actually willing to give in, but my husband, bless his heart, wants to stick with a theme. And I love nothing more than a good theme.
Much more so than I could have imagined,' I answered.
In other news: I'm learning how to use a MAC and its way different than Windows. I like it but am a bit frustrated.
Another bug hits the ground, joining the legions of the already dead.
but even then he would not do anything.
I can't imagine living to 70 let alone living with the same person for that long, but these two do it in style! I stuck with the Platinum theme for such an occasion and broke out some of my new washi tape to build the silver and white background... comes together real easy with the three co-ordinating styles and widths of tape.... a quick little rodent sentiment and a couple of die cut and stamped hearts.... two hearts for seventy years, now that deserves a celebration!
I see conferences as the time when I can encourage everyone to follow their dreams. Who am I to tell you that your 150K word manuscript is too long? I might mention it sounds a bit long, but I always say that yours could be the exception. And it could be. I’m not there to shoot down dreams.
The "Note to self: I am enough" is a little saying that I find myself repeating quite a lot, so wanted to include it. I've also included a lolly wrapper...I took a photo originally, but like the crispness of the colours in the actual wrapper.
And here are the boys setting up P’s new Thomas trains.
What do you think of the card? Do you think she'll like it?
Not too hard to guess what my favourite colours are, right?
Final Reflections
Her hair is silver gold, and soft as a spiderweb. Her eye lashes are the same color, but long and curved like scimitars.
Another reason is that the recent opening of NSK Hypermart has make my life much easier. They have almost everything under the roof. This is my first ever lunch box that I did..
I started with these items all purchased at Hobby Lobby ~ 3 unfinished wooden candle sticks ~ $2.00 each, 3 unfinished wooden finials ~ $1.00 each, 3 medium sized wooden base circles ~ $0.50 each and 3 medium sized glass canisters ~ $2.00 each.
At least five feet into the sky!
But the lack of labels did give me an amusing surprise. One of the cases had a series of rather nice clay lamps on show, in three groups from the first/second century A.D., the third/fourth centuries and the fifth/sixth centuries, to show the change in design and shape over time. I cast my eye over these quite quickly at first, but after a circuit of the gallery came back to have another look. Where, to my surprise, among the representations of gladiators, lions and locusts, I found an oil lamp decorated with a copulating couple. Now, this in and of itself is hardly a unique object; lamps were frequently decorated with saucy pictures of one variety or another, and regular readers may recall that the ‘sex room’ in the Times Square Pompeii exhibit made something of a feature of four poorly preserved examples. But I will admit to being a little startled when I realised what I was looking at, as this particular piece of household erotica was quietly hiding in the middle of an otherwise entirely decorous display. I suppose that in and of itself might be a case for not overlabelling things – there’s an extra bonus for those who make the effort to look carefully.
She needs to turn that energy toward the school system starting with the local schools and ultimately to the School Board from the front of the dais.
I am constantly impressed by how different and the same all of our stories are... while my experiences aren't the same as yours, so much of what I gain from my life experiences is similar to what you gain in your very different from mine life experiences. Deeeeep. Do you have any deep thoughts today?
That man has a long shadow; the question now haunts politicians. It appears that Democrats and Republicans are battling for the all-important female vote. Of course, like women weren't important before but . . .
Of course, you don't have to do this at your daughter's dance studio. Any driveway that requires you to back into two lanes of traffic should be comparable. I would suggest, however, that you don't do it at a gym where big muscled guys might scream at you while your daughter waits in the car. The good thing about the dance studio, if you can arrange it as well as I did, is that the car might belong to a very nice woman who is attending a belly dancing class and who is dressed in full belly-dancing garb. So, rather than screaming and shaking a fist in your face, she will just smile sadly and jingle a little bit.
Unfortunately there isn’t a great deal of choice. There is the Robert Burns Theatre, which has a small screen, cramped seats and doesn’t sell popcorn. Or you have to go further afield to Annan, which from Castle Douglas is over 30 miles away and still isn’t that wonderful.
Lindeman’s Framboise; Belgium, Lambic, 2.5% abv
“I’d best go ring the dinner bell,” Hannah announced. “Seems like each dish is just about ready. I think we got something for every member of this hungry crew.”
Galatians 4:5-7 (NLT)
D.H.
Two cars stop and the first of two lovely ladies check out how I am.
You can’t know it, but you can be it,
So we dug our toes into the sand and waited as the waves approached. I stood in the little oval spot of my dad's shadow. The water tumbled over our feet and backed away again, seeming to suck the sand from under our feet. Each time a wave retreated, I felt as though I was flying backward toward the blanket and I laughed.
Is known to be the wisest woman in Europe,
find a small, local place. It was the right decision.
-Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the veggie crumbles and break up with a spoon.
He took a deep breath. “There were two people in there, but I didn’t see your husband. They were in the basement, drinking and playing around.”
Mary: I can totally relate to that! I think I’ve lost a bit of gray matter that way myself! How did you become a writer?
bake 350 about 40 minutes you test it with a fork to see if the apples have baked to tender.
in orderly hexameters
Speaking of next semester, I don’t have much set in stone on what I want to do outside of school and recruiting. Part of me wants to just focus on school and recruiting to make sure I do a good job in both areas, but another part of me wants to get involved in other meaningful things as well. Considering that I don’t plan too far in advance, I’ll just wing it when the time comes to decide. If you have any suggestions, feel free to let me know!
As I had mentioned earlier, I did arrive home at around 5.30 pm so the sun was still out. I had been meaning to take her out for a walk but something always came up so I always promised her that I’d do it the next day. This was the perfect chance – I thought to myself. It had been a while since I did this so finding the leash took me a good ten minutes of walking around in circles trying to recall where I last put it. When I finally found it, I quickly I went and hooked it to the dog’s collar and we were off.
Mohammadi has been charged with “assembly and collusion against national security, membership in the Human Rights Defenders Centre and propaganda activities against the Islamic Republic regime.” In the preliminary court, she was sentenced to 11 years in jail, but her sentenced was reduced to six years in the appellate court.
I’m silent because I want so badly to make it right
Hailey was in a particularly tight spot when Matt rescued her and said, "I know you're my best friend, but tanks for saving me anyway!"
According to MTA, "The MTA and its operating agencies are closely monitoring today's storm, and have additional staff on duty and on call to respond to any weather related incident that impacts service."
Have a good one--johnnyb
Here they go:
Worry that the communion host will adhere to the roofs of their mouths.
Love and butterfly kisses for each and everyone one of you!!
Suffolk County, which is mainly Boston and a couple inner suburbs/cities, saw the biggest inventory bump, rising 35.6 percent, Redfin notes.
Preparing for teaching this class, got me thinking about different ways the simple zipper pouch can be personalized and then I saw this tutorial from a fellow Fiskar's designer, who threaded her machine's bobbin with sock yarn. I never knew you could use anything other than cotton sewing thread in the bobbin, and I really wanted to have a go at doing this technique myself. And here is the result...
Late at night. Wake him up.
Here is a little Info on the Award.
Tutu was not defending Kotzé's alleged acts, saying decent people are rightly appalled at what had happened, and that it was quite right to condemn the "dastardly, barbaric and monstrous" deeds.
Maryland $3.27 million $3.21 million
Just like in a game of Chinese whispers where each time the story is told, details get changed, so the bible undoubtedly got changed over its 2,000 year history. His is especially likely as the only people who kept copies of books throughout most of this period were monks, who had a vested interest in portraying Jesus in the most favourable light.
As I sat here at my computer listening to it to make sure it was all good I closed my eyes and immediately I had a vision of Jesus sweeping me up in His arms to dance. I tried to open my eyes after a few seconds, but the Spirit would not let me. He held me transfixed as we danced the entire song.
It would be great if one did, though. I think back to that American victory in 2008, and the sight of Eagles head coach Jeff Jones crying in his sideline chair. He knew the difficulty of what his team had accomplished. I felt so good for him and for the long-suffering AU fans.
Self: “There’s a mini-glossary and notes in the new edition. I confess I found those very helpful... personally I find the book is very different each time I read it. I can’t help finding this is a function of the book that it reminds you that English is a very variable and flexible language.”
Voila! I bought 6”x9” tumbled pavers and broke them in half (chisel and hammer) to be 6”x4.5”. This way I got a running foot of brick edging for $1.05. It matches fairly closely the edging that it joined. There’s still a length of squirrel-chewed plastic “stone” edging, but another trip to Lowe’s will take of that. The rose in the new center bed is ‘Souv de la Malmaison’, and ‘Arcadia Louisiana Tea’ is at the right with more leaves than the last time you saw her and a few flower buds, too. I’m thinking about pairing SdlM with ‘Polonaise’, a red Buck shrub rose that should fit well at the other end of the bed. A coneflower there, too, but there should be plenty of room to ring the bed with daylilies.
At the time, the reverse point was raised – here’s Laurie Penny’s take, with comments beneath from me, and from Carl Gardner – that the evidence should have been inadmissible. In that case, the judge admitted the evidence because it related to the victim’s prior relationship with one of the defendants.
9/16 New Braunfels, TX- WhiteWater Amphitheater
After the squadrons of Central Bank Brylcreem Boys vowed to bomb the eurobanking system and ClubMeds with money yesterday, Tim Geithner’s office began leaking that he too would be joining in the daring raids. Designed to pump liquidity into a system currently suffering a cross between catatonia and constipation, the urgency behind Geithner’s decision is, say Washington sources, based on him now having the full picture in relation to eurobanking fragility.
This ideology we use to approach a situation has its origins,
Recommended for those who enjoy 90s era “trendy” dramas (this is definitely one of the best) and the stellar combo of Kimura and Takako.
When I was in the hospital the other week, I was fortunate to have a wonderful woman for a room-mate. She had been widowed for a month and was learning to cope without the man who was the love of her life. The first night all I wanted was to sleep and be left alone. I was in an irritable, beyond words, mood and had no desire to talk to anyone, about anything. From the other bed I heard a question directed at me, in a grief-stricken voice “If you could live your life again, what would you change?” Thru my tormented mind, it was very clear and I voiced it to her, with a calm I didn’t know was there, “I wouldn’t change anything. What I have lived thru has made me the person I am today.” Her response was not totally clear to me, but I know she understood, felt the conviction in my voice and, on some level, agreed.
7. China Glaze Lasso My Heart (2)
Watching the programme last Monday I was struck by the fact that few, perhaps none, of those telling their stories were actually from Swansea. There were men from other parts of Wales, an Englishman, an Irishwoman and some Romanians. So why are they all in Swansea? If they're looking for work, then surely Cardiff is the place to be? There must be something other than the sea air attracting them to Swansea and its satellite towns. There is, for I believe these homeless are just pawns in a bigger game.
And for this treason against the dollar and its ghost (the petrol-dollar), Libya, its economy, its leader, and its people have been dealt with and decimated.
Light Boxes Are Easy to Use and Install, and You Can Find a Range of Options on the Web These Days
Today, my sister brought Mom two walkers she had purchased at the thrift store. One for upstairs, one for down. We all think Mom should switch rooms with my niece, who lives with Mom, as Mom sleeps upstairs. Mom is not happy about it because she loves her cross breeze she gets sleeping in the fresh night air. If she slept downstairs, she would not leave her windows open. She would not feel safe.
Anyhows here are some pics:
Forget all the gripes and the infighting. Let the party big-wigs play their power games if they want to. The future of this country is the only thing that matters.
This poor Korean housewife can never ever pronounce the name of this important sauce right.
Each days passes like waiting near his grave,
You would do anything for another minute with your child.
Scene 12: It is nighttime at the house of Najiya. The servants are seen cleaning the house.
This is a thought I find strangely compelling. It seems the deeper we delve into knowledge in the search of truth, the closer we come to the realization that the only knowledge we will ever have is of our own ignorance. What paralyses more than the realization that our actions are driven by false confidence?
This card is for my hubby who is away on a skiing trip this week. I have to say I'm missing having him to warm my feet on these cold nights!!
The Spring Has Arrived. Couple of signs of that are:
So we come to 2011 and Humanspace Empires. There are two things making this new game properly new, a very different creature to Empire of the Petal Throne.
A touch, a kiss, an embrace, a pat are all much more meaningful and memorable if it bears an emotion. May the emotion be anger, empathy, love or hate. The emotions thru touch imprints into our souls, embed itself into our memory. But these encounters are a bit senseless with one recurring theme, lust. All of this gestures done to pass off lust. I will not say that I do not enjoy meaningless sex but a part of me is slowly growing tired of the superficiality and the meaninglessness of the act thereof. The forgettable lingering converge of the flesh, the warm barrage of thoughtless caress, and the coldness of the torrid kisses, all offer no groundings, no imprint to the soul, and do not bring refuge to the being inside the flesh.
Sometimes my childhood friend and I talk about how this adult thing,
20. Because I said so!
And then after looking at the schedule, there is something going on with R and J on the third Saturday, which makes me think that we'll end up exchanging gifts or cards or whatever on the second Saturday.
He could hear a small nervous laugh at the other end and was relieved instantly.
Publisher: Allen&Unwin
Sunday was a fun day, we went to a church in Cochabamba where they spoke Spanish and only Spanish. Our house father who takes us where we need to go and helps us around sat next to me and translated a bit so I could at least understand what the sermon was about. I'm catching on to Spanish a little bit, it's easier for me to read and assoicate words with english even though they may not always be right. After that we just hung out at the house and played mafia with each other having fun and bonding.
The story follows a teen girl named Hamaji who joins her brother in hunting dog-human hybrids known as Fuse as part of a karmic cycle of retribution. The writer of Fuse Gansaku: Satomi Hakkenden is Kazuki Sakuraba who is also the author of the Gosick light novels which were recently turned into a TV anime. Interestingly Sakuraba’s tale was inspired by a 19th century epic novel series named Nansō Satomi Hakkenden written by late edo period popular author Kyokutei Bakin. His tale dealt with themes based on Buddhist philosophy, Confucianism, and bushido. His original story follows eight samurai serving the Satomi clan during the Sengoku (Warring States) period. These samurai are the reincarnations of the spirits that Princess Fuse mothered with a dog named Yatsufusa and they each represent a Confucianist virtue.
"The most ardent and enthusiastic horticulturist I ever met was an eastside janitor who gave the best of the sunlight that filtered into his gloomy basement to his window boxes filled with 'Old Man' and stunted geraniums and who rescued the faded Easter plants thrown out on the ash-heap...' FBJ, 1926
You bring life to everything I do
1 cup pitted soft prunes
1 x set Page Former Templates
Nudity has been abused in some movies and it is sometimes used to prevent the audience from going into a coma, as done with porn movies. The plot in most pornographic flicks can numb even the dullest brain so nudity is used as the device to keep the audience alert and even erect.
2 froth
After you do this to all the dish towels (small and medium), set them up in a circle-ish way in the cake pan. In the next picture, you will see how I used a larger red towel to wrap around the base so the twine is hidden.
From the original recipe, my first change was to roast the bananas. This is supposed to make the flavor more intense. I think adding a third banana would have been just perfect (and would have helped with the dryness) but alas, I only used two.
Near the conclusion of Mockingjay, Collins sums up her theme:
About 2 blocks from the house he gets pulled over for the inspection not being current. That is fine, but the cop also gave him a ticket for not having a license. Our son went to get his license out of his wallet and realized it wasn't there, so he told the police officer, he would bring proof to him later. In Virginia a person has 24 hours to produce proof that one is in fact a licensed driver. The police officer said that since, he, the cop could not prove that there was reason to believe our son had a valid license in Wisconsin, that he was giving him a ticket for operating a vehicle without any license at all.
Scandalous though they may have been onstage, the Hoffman Girls seemed to have no trouble finding their audience. As this image of the girls cavorting on a beach demonstrates, the spectacle of 18 lovely, talented Gertrude Hoffman Girls couldn’t help but draw a crowd wherever they went.
just because you’ve lost yours?
I have been preparing since summer, stocking up on fruit when it was in season. The bottom two shelves of our large freezer were crammed full of frozen fruit. Not so much today.
I am off to Toronto this weekend to teach Copic Certifications...YAY! Looking forward to a colorful weekend :)
I'd like to see Bradley's nomination rejected outright, but even if he stays on the Commission, the Lege should change the law to let commissioners select their own chair. There's an opportunity this session, either way, for the Forensic Science Commission to be reinvigorated with leadership that actually cares about accomplishing the agency's mission instead of thwarting it. Rejecting John Bradley's nomination would be a terrific first step toward that goal.
are as old as memory. All suffering
And by the scruff of my collar
The automatic rifles began to exchange fire with some unknown target on the base. Every so often the bombings would return in crescendos of death.
Do you still plunge into the brown river deep
*Side Note: the nutritional facts on both products are GREAT!! They have the lowest sugar content I have seen for a granola per serving and are both packed with healthy fats from flax seeds. They are both great health food items that I’d recommend to anyone looking for a healthy granola option. As you might already know some granolas can carry a WHOPPING 200-300 calories per serving! Which doesn’t leave room for the rest of your breakfast. My decision was based on taste and enjoyment alone. But I purchased both product for their stellar nutrition.
Drum Roll Please:
This soup has got to be the perfect way to prepare sunchokes—not only it is simply stunning to taste, it’s also stunningly simple to make! The recipe I followed came from a friend, who got it from the cookbook Great Chefs Cook Vegan, and since it’s published there I’d feel wrong reprinting it here, but since it’s so ridiculously easy, I will tell you that all you need to do is:
I even had one lady arguing with me about why I wasn't pregnant yet. I tried giving her every excuse in the book.
money on you, instead of the quality time that it takes to get to know you. Others would
all trembling in
Here is the fabulous recipe, which was adapted from this Taste of Homes Recipe
This book was good but I could tell Harris was wrapping up the series. A lot of closure in this book and a lot of story telling and not much action. So I was a little disappointed in that. There were also a few characters that we have grown to love that just don't even make an appearance in this book. But there are some that we love that make an appearance like Bubba! (love him) I am really ready for the fairy drama to wrap up. But I suppose that will be the big bang in the last book.
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
Hi to my blog pals, the faithful ones! I love your comments! Thank you to dear one April for recognizing Jackie has approval addiction and wants the world to like her! I went to therapy for this and I'm trying to win the battle! This month in particular I've experienced some freedom in that area. There have been a few milestone moments but also some challenges. Life is full of them, life can be so black and white at times, it's time to simply take flight! Becoming a granny has left my heart giddy and happy. A huge pull to take flight south to where he is, cuddled in his mama's arms...It's work for women to raise up a future generation and now I have a little work to do within the pleasure of getting to know him. I'd like to make a mark on his life, all for the good.
Dvd 3: Handle With Care
I hope you enjoy the JustRite Christmas Blog Hop Wednesday #1 and don' forget about the coupon code mentioned above. Thanks for joining me today and I hope you have a Wonderful Day!!
4. Yellow House
Make it possible for photo for just about any quick this buck inside of arms on the struggling migrant staff member, somebody provides informed them make fish an time regarding her moment may be valued at Some bucks with his fantastic dreams or maybe wishes count more within ime is usually income?situation. He is and can continue to be an unsatisfactory dude. consider that $ and also put this in hands of the Walls streets professional, that another person possesses driven deserves a Some determine every year profits along with calculate its worth. this could be deemed similar to a wealthy guy and can continue being if you want lengthy seeing that his time frame can be recognized to be able to can be obtained to get of additional worthy of as compared to bad migrant personnel.
The author of the blog Manual Entry took some of his typewriters to a local school and the reviews and the enthusiasm around this machines was fantastic. The kids loved this initiative.
Continuing with workshop recaps from the Pikes Peak Writers Conference.
breakfast, sunshine, the beach, dogs. . .it was like a movie. And yes, he was very nice and not at all scared of my career or my tattoos.
I.love.it.
“This game-like playing character was something I wanted to implement in a piece of software that would be something between a serious music tool and just a game,” Wittchow says. “For that, Game Boy would obviously be a perfect platform.” He desogned Nanoloop with an emphasis on an intuitive, grid-based interface design that made it easy to pick up and start making loops and sequences, although it was never intended to be used to create full, finished tracks.
This entire moment is impossible and yet, it’s here. It’s real. And, it will never be again.
2 notes
1001 **D-XII/5/1987. “Love, Philosophy, and Politics in Shakespeare’s Antony and Cleopatra.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(3), above, pp. 61-75.)
When you’re old and grey Fernando
It only leaves me fifty more.
Today's blog is about Respect. I can remember a conversation many, many years ago between Rich and myself. We had probably only been married 3 or 4 years. Rich said to me, "Larissa, I just need your respect!" I replied to him, "what have you done to earn it?" I'll never forget what he said back. It stayed with me and still stays with me. Although, I do have to admit, at the time I didn't understand it at all.
"Gross" Motor Exercises (exercises for the large muscle groups, not the yucky ones)
"Twenty seven would make me even nicer." I say hopefully.
Let some people know.
***I used the King James Version for my Bible quotes in respect to my cousin, even though its not the version I normally read. However, it’s still a valid translation.
A noteable exception to all this was, surprisingly, Bill Gardiner’s $25 million masterpiece at 253 Round Hill Road. The exterior’s of hand-hewn field stone, every proportion is exquisite, inside and out, and the detail work is phenomenal. The banister alone, hand carved, is reason enough to buy this house. It would be a wonderful thing to start my day coming down the stairs with my hand on this piece of art and just admire its beauty. The basement is huge – my form of entertainment growing up was hunting rats with a barbecue fork and a pellet rifle in my parents’ crawlspace. If your recreational tastes are more conventional, this is the place for you: 12′ ceilings, exercise room, sauna, theatre, etc. etc.
Tim Soutar
6 tablespoons vegetable oil
Lexy and Avree played the Wii, did crafts and played all evening (easily staying up until midnight!).
Around a year a go I started begging God to show me his will, to show me what he wanted me to do. I begged him to please help me to step by step follow him. What I didn't realize at the time was that step by step is a lot harder. You see God doesn't show you the steps ahead of time. It's just one step and then you wait till he shows you the next one. A lot of times you are about to step where you think he wants you to and then suddenly theres a wall there and you can't get through. At first I feel sad and confused. God didn't you want us to go that way? But then I thank God. Haven't I been praying he would show us the way? Isn't putting walls up and closing doors a way of showing the way? But what happens when more doors are closing then are opening? Does that mean we haven't found the right one or does it mean we were wrong all along? I don't know all the answers but I do know one thing and that is one step at a time we must walk by faith. We can't see whats ahead and most likely because it would scare us. When we say to God we want to stop living like "Americans" and live like a sold out followers for you things really get scary!
Now go dissolve yourself. Don´t let me catch you here again!
dirt
But Easter is about much more than that, however. If you are Christian, then this is one of the most holiest of times, the story of how Jesus rose from the dead. It is a powerful myth, so strong that even in our society when consumerism is beginning to dictate 24 hour shopping, the stores are still closed on Good Friday and today. There is something taboo about shopping on the day Jesus was crucified, and the day he rises again. Although I am no longer Christian, I am thankful for the time spent at home, watching spring arrive.
2 tbsp vegetable oil or butter
Everybody who watches the movie is inevitably looking forward to this piece of dialogue – whether they like to admit it or not. The sheer audacity and the matter of fact nature of Tarantino’s character helps pull it off without sounding particularly offensive or explicit. But there is no need for me to talk about that. What I intend to draw your attention to is something that follows this above mentioned line. Specifically, it is how Jules reacts to Jimmy explaining that it “ain’t there to storing dead ni**ers in his fucking business!”. Watch the clip and see if you are able to catch what Jules exactly says to Jimmy in response to his explanation.
In addition, the MIB Group, Braintree, Mass., reports that life insurance applications were up 6 percent in 2011.
William Tyndale's co-worker, Myles Coverdale produced the official Great Bible of 1539 which was authorised by King Henry VIII "for reading aloud in churches". The Great Bible was mostly the work of William Tyndale.
Spencer is such a sweet little boy, and he sure does love his mommy. He loves Daddy, Ellie and Cameron too, but he is a mommas boy right now. I sure love it but it makes it hard when I have somewhere to go in the evening and he just cries for his daddy. Our new goal for this next month is to convince Spencer that he can take a bottle when Mom is not home and to let Dad or Grandma feed him and put him to bed. Wish us luck!
Clinton has in the past repeatedly criticised China‘s treatment of the 40-year-old legal campaigner, who riled authorities by exposing forced abortions and sterilisations under China’s “one-child” policy.
Forgive the play on scripture but...As for me and my house, we will Stop & Watch the Fishes. =)
Come into my domain where I’ll hide you from disaster
First off I want to share a scripture with you concerning a prophecy of our Lord Jesus Christ.
First and foremost, I would say it is my ever assuring faith and trust in the Lord. He not only brings me joy. He keeps me sane. I have to constantly remember that my steps are ordered by Him. Don’t get me wrong, I sometimes question where my steps are headed, but then I remember that even when others leave, He will never forsake me. His joy is invaluable.
The advice is simple: Avoiding excess pounds is a simple math problem … calories consumed vs. calories burned. It goes without saying, of course, that these svelte individuals are paradigms of self-discipline, denying their bodies calories while virtuously exercising daily to stay ahead in the caloric math war.
I could go on and on about my accomplishments, I could tell you all about riding camels in Egypt and visiting over 120 cities on three continents. I could tell you about landing that first great job that turns into a career that lasts for nearly twenty years. The job that takes you all over the world and pays you well enough that you can afford to live in a nice home and provides you with a company car. None of that matters. What matters is that you survive it. Don't give up...it get's better.
Surely you can carry the yoke with ease given your incarceration in prison, the unceremonious and acrimonious slanders slammed upon you and your family, and most importantly with the dedicated support of the coalition members who have come a long way of fifty over years struggling with commitment and determination despite the mammoth and almost insurmountable challenges and frustrations thrown in their way.
I’m pretty sure the only reason I’m still here is there is still more I’m supposed to do. I have this keychain I picked up at the Race for the Cure that says, “I am the Cure.” It eggs me on to do something. Like I said, I’m trying to figure out what.
They liked music (don’t most people?)
Wear a super short mini skirt. Wearing a micro-mini sends the message that you are a hard working business professional. The knee is a visual anchor. People's attention will be drawn downward when they approach you, instead of toward your face, which puts you in a position of power and authority. To move quickly up into a promotion, consider putting on a skirt that you can barely sit down in!
I'm kinda too lazy to do it atm.. have been editing too many pics for the school project.. so I'm a lil fed up with it.. besides.. that I'm REALLY tired now!
I am back with a Try It On Tuesday challenge and this week it is monotone. I have chosen to use blues with just a hint of white in my creations.
'I've attached a few photos that I've taken with my phone (not the best quality). If we can ever catch Jake on video, we'll be able to show his true excitement. He bounces on his toes and yells, "iPad! iPad! wan da iPad!" One morning as his Dad was working outside, Jake poked his head out the dog door and said, "iPad!" It's amazing how clear "iPad" is when most of his speech is slurred.'
Now, let’s look at the publishers who did willingly sign on to the Kindle Lending Library. Many (but not all) of these are smaller, newer companies that devote their efforts to e-book and on-demand publishing. They signed licensing agreements with Amazon for a selection of their titles, providing for a flat annual fee per title.
It’s looking like this story is actually TRUE!
The shapes of women swayed in ebon skies,
In art there’s a rule of thirds. Pythagoras called three the perfect number. We also have three primary colours (red, blue and yellow). In Christianity there is the Trinity of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. On the third day Jesus rose from the dead. In Hinduism you have the Trinity: Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva. Three is our past, present and future. Birth, life and death. Veni, vidi, vici. Symbolic three is everywhere.
I bought these tiny garden tools years ago - 10 or 12 maybe - and knew I'd find a use for them one day! I think the dibber might make a nice closure for the book and the trowel and fork will be added to one of the pages.
3:00 PM Sarah Stevenson
In the World of football, February 14th is just another day. Last year, it was a Sunday. Few matches took place. The year before it was a Saturday. More matches took place.
Here’s what happened in Chris’s own words:
My poor adrenal gland has been through so much so I decided to help her out and make some Adrenal Recovery soup. It was actually pretty good and I could see using it as a base and changing up the recipe, adding more stuff.
Here is a conversation that is, in some variation, overheard in publishing houses everyday:
Friday we went and saw Dark Shadows. Though it's been much maligned by the critics who seemed to be disappointed that it's not an exact remake of the television series, I rather liked it. In fact, I laughed for two hours straight at the jokes, the camp and the antiquated language that rolled off Johnny Depp's tongue like honey. As for the critics, how, pray tell, do you provide a story in two hours that took years to tell on television? I will say that it would have been nice if some of the funnier scenes had not made it to the trailers first.
“Is there any particular make or model?”
Jane Austen could teach you everything you wanted to know about writing. Her stories have a certain tightness and tautness forgotten by the modern novelist. Stories published today blather and blather…..and blather. Pointless scenes, clumsy descriptions and terrible pacing abounds. A good writer should be carefully designing the most fantastic ride for your imagination, not jamming their vision into your head. More J.K. Rowling please, less Stephenie Meyer.
Wouldn't you love to be the person who helps Potch complete his first insert set ever? I mean, can you imagine the glory and fame (and special blog post) that would come with that!?
This past week I traveled back to Iowa for 5 glorious days away from the hubster and kids, and those 5 glorious days were with my family. Alone. Myself. I got to get on the airplane by myself. Just me. I visited my immediate family, who I love dearly, all by myself. This meant I got to sit and talk or play cards for hours without interruptions. I got to decide when I wanted to go to bed or get up. I chose what I wanted to eat and didn’t have to question if my kiddos would like it.
Genuflect before Lance Spearman and Fearless Fang.
With everything that has happened on The Leaky Boob lately....this is something I feel that Jessica- creator of The Leaky Boob, deserves to hear.
So my parents came home after the party, and I had to explain what happened. I tried not to cry when I said that I was looking around the room, and noticed all of the families, and I knew that my husband wasn't there, and I noticed that my mom was trying not to cry too. We quickly changed the subject to The Food Nazi/He Who Must Not Be Named/The Mayor of Whooville. Much nicer to blame all my problems on him - LMBO! Anyway, she said the last 1/2 of the party was a blast.
There will be a tremendous choice of the finest American beers, including Goose Island Bourbon County Stout in cask, which will only be served in halves, alongside some extremely special cask beers from the ever anarchic, and always tasty, Flying Dog, including the brewery’s latest offering Raging Bitch – an IPA brewed with Belgian yeast.
and there was a breeze and spitting rain.
Sowing and reaping are words that we don’t use a lot anymore except in church. But when the Apostle Paul was talking to the church in first century, everyone understood those terms. Sowing has to do with the method of planting seed, especially grain, which meant that you took a hand full of seed and threw it out in a sweeping motion in order to cover as much of the plowed ground as possible in as even a pattern as possible. Reaping was the method of harvesting the grain after it was fully developed. It was the point of the harvest where you realized how much of the seeds really developed into usable crop. There were weeds that commonly grew in wheat called tares, that looked like wheat until it was harvested and then you saw the seed-head.
3.) Mix egg yolk mixture and cheese with wire whisk until smooth. Beat whipping cream and vanilla in chilled medium bowl and electric mixer on high speed until stiff.
Let’s be brave enough to be different. Not weird, just different. Brave enough to speak up, brave enough to live differently, and brave enough to be ok with who God made us.
Paeonia officinalis is the species most often seen in gardens and used as an ornamental flower. It reaches heights of 1.5-2 ft (45-60 cm) tall and its subspecies have a remarkable variation of colors. This species produces creeping roots that help to spread the plant.
On the upside:
"Where the fuck do they get those clothes? All the fucking same."
If my office played upbeat music and my co-workers clapped their hands when I walked into the office, I'd be pretty pumped up for the workday, too.
A very quick one as you can see... luckily I had this beautiful stamp from Lili of the Valley, which I thought was perfect for what I needed, as since it's his second marriage, I needed something simple.
The one I have been listening to all this week starts off by stating that he's going to take a real short break - like an intermission - and he hopes to see you back because he's got more instruments to play, but it's a school night or a work day and if you can't he understands and is probably the same way when he goes to a show, but if you're not- please hang out with him. Then he goes into the song:
When I first arrived in Canada, I really didn’t have any expectations. No, I did not expect them to say, “oot and aboot” or “eh”. Nor did I expect to see polar bears roaming around all over the place. I just figured that Canadians were pretty much like Americans, except for the fact that they live in a barren country with cities that are placed fairly far apart and lots of wide open spaces.
Of the 195 roll-call votes thus far this year, they have managed 60 pieces of legislation. Among these:
I had a bit of a brainwave this afternoon, and that doesn't often happen, and decided to put a string on the inside of one of my wardrobes in the studio and hang up some of my ribbon stash. At last I can more easily see what I've got and it looks pretty. But it also looks like a premier cat toy to certain members of the household so I'll be keeping the wardrobe door shut when I'm not around!
This was 1T unsalted butter (ok, we didn’t have butter so we used canola oil instead but he wanted me to write down butter) + one can condensed milk (395g Moça) + some lime juice + some almonds. This was heated up and stirred continuously because it is sticky and can get stuck to the bottom and burn. We heated this up until it was thick enough to pull apart from the bottom of the pan. This is one of the layers in the dessert.
Can't wait til dinner time once again : )
Rudolph’s Michelle Obama was an almost note-perfect Phylicia Rashad, and Jason Sudeikis’ Biden has intelligence lurking behind the face of a simpleton.
So, what does this have to do with Lestat? Because I still hear songs every once in a while that prompt me to grab my phone to text him that he needs to listen to it. I end up stopping myself, but the urge is still there.
PLOT SUMMARY: Plastic surgeons and longtime friends deal with interesting professional ethical challenges.
The BN’s response – a hardline one that denied access to Dataran Merdeka, showcased the use of the police via DBKL, involved denial of electoral problems through the EC’s explanatory report as “anomalies” and even featured taxi drivers linked to BN in an appeal to move the venue elsewhere – involved three key elements:
Kris Kross (feat. Supercat) - Jump
Steamers $2.00-3.50 per meal vs. bulk $1.12-$1.50 per meal
the blood is denied escape
Powdered sugar- 1/2 cup
Kids travelled like champions and we arrived about 1:30. Set up our camp and off to The Rock. We could see it for quite some distance out so we were keen to get a good look to see if it was "just a rock" or if it did look like something special. We were not disappointed. It really is incredble to see. The surface looks like all one big smooth piece of rock, but not SMOOTH smooth! It's all patina'ed but it's all one piece of sandstone and it looks almost like a shell. Then there are lots of pock marks and holes and caved in bits and actual caves and overhangs and gullies. So not the least bit disappointing to see!
This art, btw, is by me, adapted by a shot I took on Monday of Camila Batmanghelidjh's feet. And for your viewing pleasure, a clip from the 1964 NY World's Fair. I hope you're not taking LSD while watching this, or it will freak you right out. But I WAS THERE, and it brings me happy memories of my childhood - privileged in more ways than simply financially. Which is all the more reason why I am so blown away by what Kids Company are doing.
her- okay. is it snack time yet?
It’s apple season, y’all! This week we went on a field trip to an orchard, and Mom and I came back with apples. The lady that we spoke to was kind enough to show us the “2nd grade” apples that she uses when she’s making sauce. For $12/bushel (vs. $26 for the ones with no blemishes), we decided on three bushels of Mutsu, Golden Delicious and Winesap for applesauce and canning.
Blac(k)ademic was the first blog that Susana found, and she connected right away with Ziegler. Susana was always interested in how different forms of media can contribute to a social movement. It was after attending workshops at the Color of Violence Conference hosted by Incite! that Susana was inspired and armed to make her own media contribution.
OX7 3RR
Perhaps Unison should set a deadline for a firm proposal from the employers, they have had a couple of months since the ballot to think about it, and we have now given them another 4 weeks since the 2 days of action to come up with a response? By which time regions will have called open activist meetings to discuss the format of future action if needed (yes i know meetings are difficult over the summer, but we can't not discuss things for four weeks? we just need to be imaginative, call more than one meetings so those who are on holiday can make at least one?)
The life activity of the inmates at Quatro was characterised by aggressive physical and psychological humiliation that could only be documented by the efforts of all the former prisoners and perhaps honest security guards combined.
Two latex gloves (you don't even what to know why -shudders-).
Let him be
I haven’t processed this enough to get really angry, yet. I would like to say just one thing to the kids that sent this: “Hey, you little bastards. You spelled “sucks” wrong!”
To create a faux metal bracket I painted the die cut with brown acrylic paint, then added a layer of silver embossing powder, then a layer of UTEE and then added a second layer of silver embossing powder and then another layer of UTEE. Once I had all of the layers of embossing powder on I then rubbed on black dye ink and then rubbed some of the ink off until I got the effect I wanted.
I still remember the sales clerk's reaction when I told her about the event. She looked at me dreamily and said, "I've always wanted to do a book signing."
12:35pm. Forward movement stopped. I woke to more explosions and gun clicks, dried saliva on my lip. A drawn-out ‘what the f————–?’ automatically rattled my waking mind. The bus was on the shoulder, paralyzed, motored-down. Mechanical problems I assumed, but then I saw from my window’s sharp angle a line of trucks, cars, buses, and people waiting on the roadside. It was a roadblock, a protest, or some hybrid of both. There are two ways to deal with these all-too-common situations in South America. You learn patience or you go crazy. The Bolivians were silent with their patience, fully-absorbed in the movie. I respected their sanity, no matter how numb and dumbed down by the action-romance blood film. Having barely returned from insanity’s edge during my first ten or so roadblocks in Latin America, I too had learned patience. I slept. The group of French, German, Canadian, and American travelers several rows back strained their necks out the window for up-to-the-minute updates while incessantly asking about our future hypothetical forward movement. I rewound my Radiolab podcast to the exact spot where I had dozed earlier, and closed my eyes. “…The real lesson here…is if you don’t see past yourself you fall prey to, you know, superstition or magical thinking. You have to be careful not to find meaning here, when its just coincidence.”
So I did a quick assembly and posted it for sale on Craigslist. We were able to sell the crib to a mother and daughter who were in desperate need of a crib.
So that’s the easy exercise!
I simply lack skills that most people don’t even think twice about. For example, yesterday I was bartending at my school for an art event. I was provided with 4 bottles of wine from Danny Devito and Rhea Perlman (their daughter goes to my school and was presenting some of her artwork). Now I had these four bottles of wine to open and honestly, I don’t remember the last time I’ve ever performed this task. I don’t know the difference between Merlot or Savignon or Grape Juice. I’m not cultured like that. Give me a damn long island iced tea or a Blue Moon and let me cry myself to sleep after eating about 8 bowls of cereal.
This week’s challenge:
Some recent books featuring ghosts that I really enjoyed are:
You want to own a golf course? Here’s your chance.
Professor Richard Anderson of the MRC Centre for Reproductive Health, who will be in charge of the clinical aspects of the work, said: “The aim will be to demonstrate that the eggs that we’ve generated in vitro are competent to form embryos and that’s the best test that an egg is an egg,”
It stops the spikes from entering me head for a while. Loosens the vice and weight that I can feel tightening around me neck.
The first episode of the new series, Miracle Day, changes the rules of life and death on us. People cease to die, regardless of their injury. Complicating things further, the immortal Jack Harkness can suddenly be hurt, indicating that the writers aren’t afraid to sacrifice even him if the story calls for it. By offing the rest of the cast from the first two seasons, Torchwood let us know that anyone can be a target. Putting Jack’s mortality in play also helps to break up one of the problems of immortal characters in television (usually vampires): the current crisis is always related to some aspect of their past. If Jack is no longer immortal then the cycle of unfinished business always coming back to bite him can end. I’m glad Torchwood is back, but I suspect the body count is going to rise again, so I’ll be holding on to my seat.
We practiced a lot. The coach was very patient with me and helped me learn the nuances of the game. Since I was somewhat athletic, I got the hang of it pretty quickly. I played an inning, came out to nurse six weeks old Sahana, handed the baby back to Sean and ran back in the field to play. People saw me and exclaimed ‘This is what women playing ball is all about!’
It is now time to put people first.
Sunday the 5th we have been invited by Mme Theodosia de Valois to join her in attending The Bach Cantata at the Rose City Park Presbyterian Church at 1907 NE 45th Avenue, Portland, Oregon.
Well They couldn't find a decal in MOAB that they liked, so they asked me if I could make one for them. Well this is what I made and they liked it. I just love working with Vinyl, I especially love seeing my work on several Jeeps around the Las Vegas Valley. I am hoping that some day I will have a small Vinyl Decal business going. I know I am on the right track.
To his credit, Davis highlights the role of racism without ever calling the viewer a racist. This is an interesting “self confession” cinema technique because if the shoe fits, they either gonna wear it, or throw it; and that’s good because both reactions reveal truth. This may be a side-effect of the movie not having a narrator. Its just people on the screen saying and doing. Who you “identify with” is who you identify with. Its all internal. There are no civilians in a race war; you worry that if you keep moving that line, pretty soon you are on the other side of it; but really, its the LINE that is the problem. To our credit, it takes a huge mind game to get people to kill other people when they aren’t in immediate danger; except for a racist, its easy for them; that’s why they are the masters of death.
We are looking forward to seeing your creations!
I wasn't sure what to expect from 21st Amendment Bitter American. The name suggests something powerful, though it's badged stylistically as a "Session Ale", whatever that means. A stiff heads tops a dark orange body which is very slightly misted with haze. I got a blast of grapefruit as I popped the ringpull but oddly no typically Californian citrus on tasting. The aroma offers sugary jaffa oranges rather than anything more zesty and the flavour gives me perfume and orange blossom: old world hop flavours rather than anything I'd associate with the US.
Biotechnology, perhaps more than any other field, has challenged courts and lawmakers to reconsider intellectual property laws. In 1972 Ananda Chakrabarty, a microbiologist, sought a U.S. patent for a genetically engineered bacterium. The U.S. Patent Office denied the application because bacteria are products of nature, and living things cannot be patented under U.S. law. The case was appealed and eventually reached the U.S. Supreme Court. The Court restated the principle that natural phenomena cannot be patented, but found that Chakrabarty’s bacterium was “a product of human ingenuity,” and therefore was patentable under U.S. law.
This morning I’m headed to the deep suburbs to resume my once-every-six-week training course I’m taking this year.
5) The Blogger promotes friendship and positive thinking.
Anais Pouliot is the new model featured for the Beauty campaign of Yves Saint Laurent replacing the Spring face, Ginta Lapina.
Nintendo’s localization division is known as Treehouse and they are responsible for localizing the majority of Nintendo’s games. In 2006 there were simply too many games going through TreeHouse to actually localize Mother 3 Nintendo would likely have to delay or perhaps even cancel another title.
BATTER MIX: Mix all of the seasonings and flour together and then add water and whisk to a smooth and thick consistency. Dip chicken pieces in the batter and fry on a moderately high heat for 20 minutes or until cooked through. It may be easier to remove the bone from the chicken pieces, for a quicker cooking time. OR you can fry the chicken until the coating goes crispy and then preheat your oven and cook the pieces for a further 15-20 minutes on 180 degrees, or until cooked through.
Jeff: An author who writes well (of course), who knows his or her market, who’s open to editorial criticism, who responds quickly, who is generally polite, and who fully shares in the endeavor to sell his or her work.
He believes in the ‘dictatorship of the proletariat’.
‘Demographic trends are poised to spoil Beijing’s plans for a Chinese century,’ said Yoshihara, co-editor (along with Douglas A. Sylvia) of the book, ‘Population Decline and the Remaking of Great Power Politics.’
Then you have the competition to see who can make the other cum the most. Kanye has a mirrored table in his hoose and it isn't to snort drugs off its so he can look at himself while watching himself on TV .
There is a deluge of books for younger readers, particularly pre-teens and teenagers, so it is always a treat when one comes along that is just so thoroughly delightful you want to tell the whole world about it. That’s the case with Saltwater Taffy by Erick Delabarre, as illustrated by R.C. Nason ($15.95, Seven Publishing, distributed by Perseus Books). To date it has been endorsed by nine Teachers of the Year, Delabarre is an award-winning Hollywood director/writer of “Law & Order” fame. The illustrator is equally distinguished. Set in the seaside town of Port Townsend, Washington, the novel follows the lives of five friends as they uncover the secrets of a treasure map that once belonged to the New Orleans pirate, Jean Lafitte. It is one adventure after another as they try to outwit and out-maneuver everyone who wants to intimidate them and/or get their hands on the treasure. It is so well written that one does not want to put it down until the last page. Officially for “middle grade” students, it will please anyone of any age, including me!
What do yall think? I found the lantern at Target for $30. Usually I won't spend that much on a decoration, but this is about 2 feet tall & something just screamed out to me. I took some cheep bunches of flowers from Michaels, as well as some vines & hot glued the heck up out of it!
- double score lines top and bottom
None of us looked satisfied indulging in our memories as kids trying to eat “all we could eat.” We sort of forced ourselves to finish off at least two plates of food, torturing ourselves with jalapeno poppers and cheese fries.
Because: similarly as with several other recent films (such as, say, Another Earth, Blue Valentine and The Messenger), it heart-breakingly explored the desperate limits of personal loss and how people might look to others for sustenance and/or escape. I was fully with all three main characters every step. Their everyday troubles and dreams were entirely relatable.
“For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish but shall have everlasting life.” (John 3:16).
“Greg, you look like the personification of evil.!”
I was super excited about his birthday party this year since he can actually enjoy it. One of his favorite songs is "Old MacDonald" and he sings "E I E I O" often so I figured a farm theme was perfect (I actually created using a straw wreath wrapped in bandana material with "E I E I O" on it to welcome guests). There were SO many fun ideas to go along with the theme which is another reason I had so much fun planning. I reused a lot of stuff I had accumulating/stashed around the house and bought most of the other stuff at Hobby Lobby on sale.
Community Matters has received an extension to its BASIS funded programme and is able to offer; targeted support to community organisations to achieve a “Step change in sustainability”
Judge Stephen Reinhardt
The Federal Government announced last month it would transfer detainees to the mainland after Christmas Island reached capacity.
From that day on, I saw him often. He explained to me, with great emphasis, that every question possessed a power that was lost in the answer…
Our first surprise of the week was when Brenda arrived with two things to show. The first is a gorgeous card featuring a wheelbarrow full of flowers - really bright and so pretty - being mostly pink it really made me smile. Then, little drum roll please, in the same posting was something I doubt we'll see again in the playground. Mr B (Andrew in fact) is a clever guy and actually has had an idea patented! Brenda had strict instructions for no glitter, grunge or embellishments when she made a layout for the patent ready to be framed for his birthday - yikes, could have been a tall order but Brenda came up with a perfect result! Just scroll down her posting to see what I mean - great isn't it? I'm laughing as I type this 'cos Brenda hopped back later in the week and I commented on her posting, which can be found here, that it was quiet in the playground thinking it was her first trip - it's been a long and busy week here is my excuse! And wow - what a card, also made for Rudolph Day, love the Scandinavian influence of red and white Brenda! Do go and see for yourself, it's beautiful! And, last in the playground before the gates closed last night was Brenda again. Muttering and tying up the skipping ropes - having brought a real stunner of a card for a man's birthday - lots of work had gone into it and the end result can be seen here. Brenda used a 40% off stamp for the first time (OM Gosh - you girls in the USA are so lucky, I guess that was bought in the super special 1st March sale I've been hearing about?), distress inks and lots of other great elements - including a vintage car not totally unlike the one I used on my snippets card this week :)
The rules for queries are actually pretty much the same whether you’re querying an agent, a reviewer, a blogger or a potential boss: find out who the person is before you take up their time— then take up as little of it as possible.
Many, many babies that are regulating their temperatures just fine on their parent's chests, skin-to-skin, suddenly have a drop in body temperature when they are given a bath. This is simply common sense. Think of stepping out of a shower into a room and feeling chill afterward. It's the exact same concept.
Bacon and Butternut Pasta, Cooking Light, January/February 2012
4 pm – 5:45 pm Highlands Walking Tour (including the McLuhan home), preregistration required
Sausage
He specializes in trying to get free energy out to the public.
Beans, Baby Potatoes, Tomatoes & Egg
Ephesians 2:14-22
Few nearly there and I will have written a post everyday for a week!
In the summer of 2009, at the invitation of the airport’s owner, BAA, which wanted to showcase its new terminal, Alain de Botton spent a week at Term 5. He was told he could write about anything in the four-football-field-long terminal. Infact, he was even given “explicit permission to be rude about the airport’s activities.’’ The result is a slim volume titled simply, "A Week At The Airport: A Heathrow Diary"
But prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende, known as the perfect ‘royal puppet’, refused to subject the marriage to parliamentary voting. He considered the risk of a humiliating ‘royal defeat’ too great to take. Instead, he let Friso draw up a letter to the effect that the prince chose not to let parliament vote, accepting all consequences that may result from his risky union.
So I'm really not sorry at all that I was late posting tonight. No offense.
Nobody hates your right to make money, Jamie. They hate how you and certain others have made it.
When we finally are older — middle aged or beyond — but not yet OLD (no one wants to say they are OLD), we are finally in a position to reflect on all the provisional answers that have come to us throughout our life, and consider again, What really matters? What is really important?
If by “nonintellectual-type” you’re calling her dumb then I wouldn’t worry about whether or not you should leave her cause chances are she’ll be leaving you first for being a jerk. But if you mean to say that you’re in a mixed marriage with a muggle then I can sympathize. Opposites attract so many of us date/marry non-nerds. My advice is to enjoy the activities you can do together and find a group of friends that you can do nerdy stuff with. There are plenty of guilds, groups, and reenacting clubs out there. If that’s just not enough and she’s not willing to at least try getting into something you love then it probably isn’t meant to be.
Tickets are available now for only $50 per person including tax & gratuity, and can be picked up at all 3 Beer KC restaurants or by calling Beer Kitchen (816) 389.4180. Come in for a pint and make your reservations ASAP - cheers!
I must admit that in my very humble opinion James has very little in the way of character or integrity and was too attached to her money before she even made it. Will you make her even richer and more complacent, buying such crappy books as hers? Everybody should answer this question on his or her own.
It was getting late when I was finishing up this card last night, and I needed to get it uploaded for the challenge, so I just used the same paper that I used on the front (sorry not sure of the make) and added a scalloped circle (cut with a nestie) to write on, and a tiny little bow with pearls.
Dissolution is a murder mystery set in London and the fictional monastery of Scarnsea on the south coast of England in 1537-1538, against the background of the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII. Thomas Cromwell is an important secondary character, and historical figures including Anne Boleyn and her supposed lover Mark Smeaton are important in the background. All the main characters are fictional.
The results from all my hill work? Last weekend, I took Cole down trail. I met Ellen on the other side of the river, and she walked while I rode. It was the best ride of the year, and for the first time this spring, he did pretty good trotting. When we got back to Ellen’s car, she went home and left me to finish the trip by myself. I had been leading him up the hill after a trail ride because that’s when he was typically the worst. This time, I rode up—and he was perfect!!!! Not a single trot step!!!!!
Wow, the two weeks passed quickly. It was time to leave the villa, Mum & Dad, and Koh Samui behind. With lots of hugs we jumped in the car and bid them adieu. Big big thanks xxx
GBP/USD: The GBP continued to work lower today but in a rather volatile fashion. When early rally attempts were turned back by resistance in the 1.6240 area prices slipped away towards a low point of 1.6160 before support remerged and the market finally closed the European session at 1.6198.
I personally let everyone enter a subway car before I do, unless I’m at the front of the line and there are tonnes of people behind me and it would be awkward to let them all in first. The reason I do this is not because I’m being overly polite, it’s because I don’t like being smushed into others on a subway car, so I let them all in and then selfishly chose whether or not I want to join them based on the fullness factor. I also hold doors open for people whenever it’s possible, not because I’m an overly great person, but because I seethe with venom when someone inconsiderate person doesn’t hold the door open for me, and I do not want others thinking of me the way I think of those that don’t hold doors.
tabletop pieces, holiday decorations, wedding and event ideas, and even clothing
PreviousBondings 2.0 posts on the LCWR case:
Anyways, if you're still interested (and you should because they're lovely). There's a few pairs left in the Theory warehouse per special request. Call your nearest store and they can hook you up.
I love watching design shows. They stimulate and make me want to create something beautiful. I have been watching design shows forever! I remember watching Robb Weller on The Home Show when it first aired. Who can forget Christopher Lowell? He probably got me thinking outside the box the most. I first learned how to paint furniture from him.
Says it's an amber. Weird, although in the light it is more like a deep amber than a brown. Nice amber taste to it though. The hops and spice trade places in the taste. Nice enough winter warmer.
The next one which speaks to me the most of them all is “A Soldier’s Prayer” by Collin Raye. I can’t count how many relatives I’ve had in different wars and even today are still there. This song talks about the power of prayer in the midst of war and how vital hope is to everyone. Especially the men and women facing untold dangers day and night. So many of our loved ones are risking their lives for what they believe in and so many of us here at home spend countless hours praying for their safety. This speaks very powerfully to me.
Why pre-register?
“The city should know where street harassment is happening, why it is happening, and how it can respond,” said Hollaback! cofounder Emily May, 31, who heads ihollaback.org and its 52 sister sites in places like Boston and Brussels.
We ought to be eager to get every smallest fragment of instruction about prayer.
Most of America’s Founding Fathers were part of Secret Societies, whether the Freemasons, the Rosicrucians or others. Some of them travelled to Europe and were well versed in the doctrines of the Illuminati.
Decker observed, "I don't think changing the massing is going to disguise the massing of the project. I'm interested in what you were talking about, about being a do-gooder leftist, and how you square that with the superblock, with the towers, the shrouded park...?"
Kicked out for refusing to join a cult, seventeen-year-old Jamie must find a way to survive on her own.
So why do I still have my parents? Because my father knew he can’t run around making babies that he can’t provide for. He had to think soberly about life with a new millennium looming. He had us because he wanted us. We were to become his legacy. We weren’t conceived in a moment of uncontrolled lust or in the name of an outdated tradition.
And although it has been proposed that finding a different backsplash could work, I really love the classic look a subway tile gives. The subway tile I showed yesterday as I mentioned was the subway tile from when we did our washroom renovation in the basement. We found the brightest white subway tile around for that shower. Without thinking, I assumed that the brightest white subway tile from the washroom was going to be the same tile for the kitchen. But as you saw in yesterdays post, the brightest white tile made the Ikea Adele cabinet appear yellow. Bleh.
‘I came to find you, mother,’ Fezariu replied. ‘Peter told me that you were dead but I found the letters you sent him.’
Wednesday 1 May – Bukhara
She was traumatized for life.
4. Tell the award winners that they have won by commenting on their blogs or emailing them the news.
Music seek amore - Rather than spending 2-3 annual analytic your library for that one song, just columnist one button, accompany up the basal keyboard, and blazon the appellation or artisan in. How difficult can it be to add USB keyboard and ChatPad abutment as well?
So, when my fellow beekeeper who we'll call, Guy, because that's his name, offered up the unfiltered wax from a recent harvest to whomever wanted it, I raised my hand like a big crafty loser and said, "ME! I want to make lip balm!"
Congratulations Kendra please email me nichola.fairbairn@googlemail.com with your choice of 1 free Wags 'n Whiskers Rubber Stamp and your mailing address.
For those of you who enjoy my weekly fishing report, you´ll have to visit my web page, my tech guy tells me I am spamming myself so I need to get you all to go there for the weekly report, but the day in and day out stuff will now be the focus for my blog……
Doan-Fisher Friendship Bigger Than Hockey — A few days ago I posted a video from TSN about the faith of Nashville Predators’ forward Mike Fisher. Now, ESPN has also published a faith-related article, looking at the friendship between Fisher and Phoenix Coyotes’ captain Shane Doan.
We arrived at camp none too soon! We got everything set up – gathered firewood and covered it. And went to the pump for water….and got nothing. It was going to be a tough hike out with such little water in reserve. We decided to dig a shallow trough and line it with plastic to gather water from the impending storm, but as we started digging in a soft area we found we came upon a huge amount of buried garbage! There were cans and other items nearly 2 foot deep. We gathered all the trash from the hole and filled it back in as best we could – bagged the trash to haul out and finished lining our trough to catch the rain water we would need for the next day’s hike.
And then the most amazing thing happened that made my day. But that’s a story for another day.
The Holy Scriptures, especially the New Testament, often mention faith in Christ and say that whoever believes in him is saved, does not perish, is not judged, has eternal life, and so on (see John 3:16 and 5:24). Saying that people who believe in him are condemned because they have faith without works is to pervert everything, making Christ a destroyer and a murderer, and Moses a saviour. I admit that our adversaries do not use these exact words, but this is in fact what they teach. They say that faith in Christ does not make us free from sin, but only faith combined with love. This is to say that Christ leaves us in our sins and in the wrath of God and makes us guilty of eternal death, whereas if you keep the law, faith justifies you because it has works, without which faith is no help. Therefore, works justify, and not faith, they
Sprinkle grated cheese (amount desired) over the top and cook at 350 for about an hour
Seau played with the Chargers until 2003, played with the Dolphins after that and finished up with the New England Patriots. The stats on him were easy to find after it came out that he was dead by his own hand on Wednesday, that he had 1,526 tackles in his career, and had 561/2 sacks and even intercepted 18 passes.
It's been a very long three months, but on NYE I printed off a rough, shaky first draft of my next book. The chapters that aren't quite finished are bloody awful. The chapters that are finished are pretty good - or at least, my long-suffering editor and wife think so. And I have two weeks left to kick, bitch-slap, coax, polish, persuade, trick and massage the rest of it into shape.
We Syrians just want to live in peace like any other human being.
Kat grabbed Audrey’s hand and placed a compact little cell phone into it, closing her fingers around it. “Now this is the simplest cellular phone available.”
Usually placed on or linked from the company intranet, the internal blog should be one of the most easily accessible points to gain internal company information.
I wanted to post a letter I wrote to another wounded soldier's significant other... because it pretty much sums up his PTSD in a nutshell:
Whole-hearted peeps believe their vulnerability is neither comfortable nor excruciating, just necessary. Check! Like when you need to go from A to Z, you have to stomp on LMNO to get there and you can't be all squeamish about it.
“It would be wonderful to see Mercedes attain the same levels of dominance again.”
With a dark lantern and burning match.
VinZant equates a water hammer to suddenly stopping a speeding car. “You feel the momentum carry you forward, but if you hit a brick wall you would bounce back,” he said. After shutting off a faucet, the traveling water still has some force and it is usually absorbed in the pipe.
As I predicted in the past, Christianity is going to become illegal. We are watching it happen here in America. From what I can remember: there were backyard churches in NY and New Hampshire shutdown, there was a couple in California who were fined for holding a weekly Bible Study with 5 friends, a church was shutdown in Florida for being politically-incorrect, a man in New Hampshire was fined and dragged through court over a Cross on his property, laws are being made to stop highway memorial crosses, employers are asking employees to not show their crosses at work, the Ten Commandments have been removed from most court houses and federal buildings. Then we have all the talk that Facebook is blocking and deleting Christian groups, pages, and individuals while muslims run wild.
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA –
We’ll reserve judgment on the show until we see it. But as of now, we think it may be time for Mikael Blomkvist to write another exposé for Millennium.
Oddly enough, I really am considering it — by now you know I like a challenge. The thing that’s weird about my considering it (okay, one of the weird things — there are many strangenesses, including the simple fact that I am considering it) is that each of my books has less sex in it than the last. For Light Bringer, which will be published in the late spring of 2010, I completely forgot to include a sex scene — or rather, the story didn’t demand it, so I didn’t include one. My first book, a poor deformed — unacknowledged – creature I have hidden away in the dark recesses of my closet, is so full of sex scenes that it wouldn’t take much to turn it into an erotic novel.
Fleming, Denise.
While everyone is looking forward for the arrival of this special festive, I am looking forward for it to past as quickly as possible... Never in my life I appreciate Chinese New Year as any one in the world appreciating... Neither do I enjoy this festive like anyone else enjoying.
Try out innovative footwear
But the coffee I had (even though they had soy milk which too is rare) was shit. Disappointing. And nothing like the American Dunkin I know. And nothing like the delicious Spanish coffee either. It had no place. It should have no place. It was terrible. Gross. Never again.
“You can run so fast,” said Danni, “But?”
Dumbfounded.
Night: 2 small dosa with idli batter and 1 apple
Oh, man. My cousin just lost his job. It's probably my fault because I didn't go to the reunion five years ago. I knew I should have gone! I was going to tell him about that study I read online about the top ten careers for job security. If only he'd had that information, he wouldn't have wasted all of that time getting his stupid degree in Mechanical Engineering. Then he wouldn't be in this situation. Now his kids are going to starve to death and it's all my bad. If only I'd bought a bucket of macaroni salad and dragged my butt to that picnic, his family wouldn't be going through all of this.
Yes, Electrikinc is a publication venture, but one with a difference. A small group of Bath Spa graduate children's authors, with some impressive editorial skills between them, have got together as a co-operative to publish their own work. It looks to me like a promising alternative to the pitfalls of self-publication; and crucially one which embraces the advantages of new technology. Kim's book will be first to hit the market - I would say shelves, but of course the name is a bit of a giveaway. Electrikinc will focus on e-publishing and print on demand ... which has led me once again to think about electronic vs. paper books.
and happily so!
No tricks, just treats. I made a dozen of these for family and friends and because they are such nice people I just filled them with candy. No worms or spiders for this bunch. The box is the Sizzix Box #3. The coaster are from the MS collection at Joanns. The spiderweb border is also from MS's. Boy she sure has grown in the craft department hasn't she. The top panel was created from the Stampin' Up Square Lattice embossing folder. Below are some individual pictures and if you double click on them you can enlarge the image.
This was only the twelfth monthly issue of the Guitar Magazine, and in the early days there was regularly a giveaway on the cover. Be the freebie an audio cassette, a guitar string, an allen key, or whatever, The Guitar Magazine could not be accused of neglecting the ‘something for nothing’ appeal of added inducements.
Taking your peaceful share of Time, with joy to spare.
Think about your Twitter account, your Facebook profile, your LinkedIn profile, your Google+ profile, your Flickr profile, your Foursquare profile, your Instagram profile, your BranchOut profile, your online gaming profile, your other Twitter account, your blog…
Hope everyone else had a great week of running (or biking, walking, or swimming!)! As I always say, it doesn't matter what type of activity you do, as long as you do something!
And so, this weekend, I filled my empty pallet with the likes of petunias, purple sage, and parsley. To make a pallet garden, you’ll need a variety of 2″ inch starters, a staple gun and staples, a pallet, landscaping fabric, and 2 giant bags of potting soil. Cover the back, bottom, and sides of the pallet with the landscaping fabric, making sure to staple all the loose ends along the way.
Big Sean – Marvin & Chardonay
Take a strip of paper and roll it onto a pencil until it is nice tightly rolled. Repeat this until you have rolled enough to fit snuggly in the ornament.
I'm hoping things will slow down a touch soon!
Nope. Honey badger don't care. I certainly don't give a shit.
Fun fact - you know how the outside of the MGM is a neon-y green? At night, if you don't fully close your curtains, you get a greenish laser beam of light that goes through your hotel room and makes it look like you're about to get attacked by aliens.
Brad: I enjoy the Lakeview district… provided it’s not past 10 PM. Nightclubs are like amateur hours for drinkers and I have no desire to be anywhere near all the young kids & their pumped-up kicks. Although one of my favorite stories happened at a Lakeview bar – whose name I will not mention – the area has some decent dining establishments. Chris Z’s has been a place I have always wanted to try. We walked in and were assisted immediately. While perusing the menu, I noticed a woman had a remarkable burger in front of her – a 1/2 pound patty in between two grilled cheeses, appropriately titled the “Big Az burger.” Did I have the #balls for this? I decided to take it easy and go with the good ol’ cheeseburger combo. I paid under $6.99 – a fair amount. Service was lightning fast. My food was ready before I could fill my drink. The burger had a special sauce that didn’t do much for the taste, and that really is a shame. While I had been pleased with the atmosphere and service, the food was rather unexciting. The burger was bland and it tasted like a bun w/ cheese, produce and some other substance. I couldn’t taste meat. The fries were shoestrings that you can get anywhere. The meal was not as bad as I probably made it sound; however, burger places need to make their signature items stand out. I didn’t taste that here. I would certainly go again and perhaps try the Big Az burger as you KNOW that thing has some flavor. Plus, I’d rather shell out $7 for a less-than-spectacular burger than for a watered-down, bottom-shelf well drink any day of the week. Overall 3.5 out of 5 bros.
TOMORROW for “Docking Destination”, I will be sharing the integration of the iPad into my writer’s workshop in Language Arts class.
“Not only that, but after the ‘granny tax’ budget our clients are telling us that they feel there are fewer incentives to keep their funds in the UK at all.”
8. Comments/Recommendations
This is the closest to a wild, natural trail as you will find in Santa Barbara unless you head over the mountain into the backcountry. Most of the frontcountry trails are overrun with invasives like Cape Ivy and Rock-Rose. San Antonio Creek, on the other hand, while bordered by some private homes and gardens with the attendant exotics, has many large native trees like Sycamore and Bay interspersed with lush stands of Hummingbird Sage, Mugwort and Black Sage. This Herb Walk has a special coming-full-circle significance for me as this was the trail I walked with Juanita Centeno, the late Chumash plant expert, who was one of my early and primary teachers. By the way, the Santa Barbara News-Press is running a story with photos on Saturday.
But this one has no bands at all. This was a real departure from the usual Skyline fare -- regular line Skylines had to have that upper band, because it was part of the clip and derby assembly. The band was also an integral part of the Streamliner clip. When Eversharp introduced Skyline-styled pencils with pressed clips that were merely stapled into the barrel, the upper ring was no longer necessary, although it was retained on the Press Clip I and Press Clip II series purely for aesthetic reasons. It makes sense that Eversharp would toy with voiding the upper band when it was no longer needed.
Now, onto the biscuits!
Setting aside spending money doesn’t mean I’m never tempted to splurge or that I never go over my budget. But it accomplishes something invaluable: It lets me enjoy my purchases and experiences more fully, because I know that my pocket money isn’t “stealing” resources from other areas of my budget.
Social media is a very useful tool in communicating with people all over the world in just a few seconds. Its faster than telephone and carrier pigeon, snail mail, trains, planes and automobiles and what is even better, you don't know who you are going to communicate with. The one thing you do know is that you have something in common with them. In our case it's a love of beer or a love of communicating about beer.
improvements have been completed.
Don’t let them infect you with Vitiligo of the mind
"tanks" (thanks)
4) Offer a reward system for everyone working together. Do small rewards for extra daily chores and a larger reward for when the house sells.
So, yeah, I used to want to wear glasses. I thought they looked neat.But, I wasn’t a fan of the cat eye glasses that my sister had. Why the hell would anyone want to wear cat eye glasses?
Psalm Lesson
Or "what are you writing now?" It's a fact that some writers are more sociable than others. And in these days of enhanced availability there is even more pressure on writers to have "a platform" by which is meant a presence on the Net - a blog or two, a Facebook page and a Twitter account.
The female emo hairstyle can be best compared to an Elvira haircut. The top of the head is full and bushy while the bottom of the hair is thin and straight. The first step to getting this hairstyle is to actually have long hair. If you have short hair, it's highly recommended to wait until your hair grows out before attempting this, otherwise it will likely look horrible.
"You got that for nothing"
And, I think I might be more excited about it than I've ever been.
Z. Zoo animal: I have a fondness for bears (Baylor girl, remember!?)...but I also like tigers
Late in our trip, the third fishing outing started with net fishing for bait at the Japanese gardens across the road. Dan ran across what he thought was solid ground -- hey, all the dirt is solid in Albuquerque! -- but was actually black muck (to be expected in a tidal Japanese garden). When we saw him, he was knee-deep and running fast to get out of what must have felt like quicksand. No photos allowed, but it was an experience!
What if a ‘Palestinian journalist’ went on a hunger strike and no one noticed? 29-Mar-12: Thursday evening rocket fire on southern Israel Report: Woman thrown into Nile over divorce Three Women Who Can Teach You What being Tough is All About Obama’s Immigration Agency, Avoiding Immigration Enforcement, Creates Phony Air Bag Scare – Abu Moskowitz Alert Obama’s BFF stands with Iran against ‘western arrogance’
To other debut authors: Don't read the reviews! Ok, I know you'll read some of the reviews-- especially from the bigger reviewers. But don't read ALL of the reviews. Like all the goodreads and Amazon and random reviews that pop up online everyday. People's opinions vary so widely and if you start reading everything you might let it affect your thinking and possibly your writing. One person may say OMG, this is the BEST BOOK EVER!! Um, no it's not. And another might say OMG, this is the worst thing ever written! Again, not. It's better to not obsess over what everyone is saying and just work on your next book.
Do you have a favorite superstition?
One last word from the beautiful stranger"
You complete a survey and go towards the subsequent. If you see that is certainly a survey from exactly the same provider, save that one for later and move onto the subsequent one. If you don’t do this, there’s a probability which you won’t get paid cash for survey online.
Porter, Highland Brewing Co., North Carolina
Whatever, I continue my story. As a kid of perhaps 7 or 8 years of age, I came in contact with religion for real. I and the other kids in my village, often visited “Childrens hour” run by a Christian organization within the Church of Sweden (Protestant Lutheran) on Saturdays. They welcomed groups of children in the old mission house in my village. The gatherings was a mixture of a Christian Bible school and a scouting group. They used to have Bibel studies with us kids, ranging up to around age 12. I have heard that they even had a study on Sodom and Gomorrah! I don’t think that was a proper subject for such young listeners! I don’t remember this myself, but a childhood friend reminded me some years ago of this event. By the age of 10, I think, I became aware of another “gift” in my life; when I had a thrilling, happy sensation when I saw other boys. No further explanations needed! Coming so naturally and not forced in any way. No, I didn’t have an absent father or an overbearing mother. No, I wasn’t raped by other guys. No, we didn’t use alcohol or drugs in my family, even though we were not religious. I had the big luck to growing up in a family where we had very good contact. My parents were always there for me and my siblings, yes, I’m the youngest.
Ten minutes after the worms have got going, the ostracods start swimming upwards, slowly at first, we just see the odd line of vertical lights coming up among the corals and seaweeds, moving gently in the current. Each male ostracod gives off four dots to signal their presence to any females who might be around, then the lights become more and more until the water is pulsating with wavy lines of vertical blue dots all moving upwards.
We're looking forward to seeing how you make your papers work for
The cam moderators offer running commentary, which I’m finding rather amusing:
And the roses crowding together, courageously.
They are not shoes for Christmas but a gift from Junmin! Christmas came early for me this year. They’re not only a great fit but perfectly my style! Fabulous!
Norman Pannell, Conservative member for Liverpool (Kirkdale), served in the Nigerian Legislature and lived in Africa for over 10 years. He proposed a motion at the 1958 Tory conference for reciprocal rights of entry with other Commonwealth countries, for the U.K. had an open door policy and let anyone in:-
Everyone was waiting for him to start talking about the risk of multiples and he saved that for the end. He put a photo just like this on the screen:
On the boat ride back, Esther and I were trying to discern whether or not to have a leaders meeting that night to prep the week’s Bible passage and plan what to do at our large group…with some hesitation, but not seeing any other time it could be done, we let the leaders know they weren’t off the hook for the night. We started our meeting with a debrief of our experience and everyone was sharing how excited they were for the things the Lord was doing in our new students and then the conversation transitioned to what do we want to do at large group in light of that. It was here that we began to see some opposition to the Lord crop up. The discussion became fragmented with one side wanted to do something radical, one side voicing concerns of pushing people too hard, and a bunch of people (including myself) trying to find compromise and middle ground.
TIP. Although it’s not obvious, your answers will identify whether your arrangements are legally safe, as the questions cover specific legislative requirements.
I had my boot training at Camp Lejeune, NC. After about two weeks at camp, they were going to discharge me because I was “not up to the physical standards of the USMC.” When I said I wanted to stay, they sent me to a psychiatrist, who decided if I wanted to be Marine so bad they would let me stay.
These are my crazy kids! I love them so much and am so honored to be their mom. This has been the first year that my oldest, MJ, has been in "real" school as he calls it. He is enjoying school and doing so well. He loves 3rd grade, but does tell me he misses homeschooling because he could be done at lunch time and then get to play wii the rest of the afternoon!
Well it all happened over the weekend.
For five months eight days
I will stop by as much as I can but need to spend time cleaning my house and cooking up a storm!
Thank goodness, because just this week she was stating to tell me her sneakers were hurting her toes. Your timing rocks!
A quote from the BBC article references the Polish president as saying it’s the “most tragic train catastrophe…in many years.” It struck me that he specified about it being train-related. There have been so many tragedies in Poland, and when it’s in the news it’s rarely for positive reasons but for ones that make you want to give Poland a hug and tell it that everything’s going to be okay, just hold yourself together a little bit longer, you’re very strong and will pull through this. (It really is that personable of a country that I’m hardly exaggerating.) Still, there’s a lot of sadness in Poland, stemming both from historical sources and ongoing conditions, and it’s hard to fully comprehend everything you see in their context. I try to take that into consideration – remind that there’s so much that’s completely ungraspable to an outsider. But it makes itself felt nonetheless and that’s difficult to swallow sometimes. Nevertheless, it’s one of my favorite places and I absolutely love being there.
Then one day Sam told us while waving his cane in our faces that he was moving to Florida and wouldn’t be around anymore. He said his brother Irving would be staying, and for us to be nice to him.
When Lucy got the electric chair, I became fully convinced that there was no way that the show that had kick-started its premise with a one-night stand with a serial killer that led to a baby could ever top itself, and I was right. The mix of high stakes, bewilderment, and resourcefulness in the opening scenes of the pilot episode were so transcendent that the remaining episodes of the resoundingly low-key Raising Hope never had a chance to measure up.
and went to the bathroom. She did not let the girls in even though she could hear them crying on the stoep. She showered, dressed, straightened the bedroom and then opened up for the girls. Rayhana had fallen asleep, her head cradled on Fatima’s bony lap.
But I don't think I could do such a great job, we just need to see more Sugar Nellie stamps in there,
(CROSSTALK)
Using some chiffon I had leftover from making pettiskirts, I made about 2 dozen fabric flowers. You can see these, and these. For mine, I cut my stripes various lengths anywhere from 9 inches to 14 inches and as I was twisting them, I stitched them into place because I wasn't sure how well glue would hold up after a few washings. If you look close at the picture above, you can see the stitches on the flower.
Saying I’m just going to watch.
The information was gleaned from documents recovered from the house where bin Laden was killed in Abbottabad, Pakistan by United States Navy Seals.
I like it, A LOT. Mrs. BeerRant liked it too (and she’s way pickier than me when it comes to television watching. Picking husbands? Eh, not so much, I guess. Lucky for me.)
BEFORE THE EVENT
Haunting mid-tempos chasing up a heavy beat with bass driven insanity on the first intro of ‘Ready to Fall’ is quite exciting to say the least. With the high speed picking and wah effects this song musically is extraordinary, add to that then the vocal passages between the growling and chorus based gentler ranges and you have so many great elements and modulations going on here. With the body moving tempos and beats you get through the tracks you are always going for a good ride with this.
2. Favorite animal? Dogs, esp. brussels griffons and bull mastiffs! Ooo and korgies, bulldogs, pugs, andddd yeah I love dogs haha
Have you ever been stuck in a room with someone and had them say something so profound
Beat the egg whites until fluffy and then add the rest of the sugar a spoonful at a time, whisking well between each addition.
Ólafur Arnalds may only be 21 years old, but that doesn’t make him any less of a revolutionary than his fellow Icelandic musicians. His chilling piano sounds, supplemented by panning white noise effects, expedite the ability to send his audiences on a journey into their nostalgic subconscious; immersing them in a ghostly symphonic cloud. His debut "Eulogy for Evolution" takes the listener on a journey, representing different periods in life, from birth to death. The follow-up EP "Variations of Static" keeps the classical foundations of his debut album while incorporating crackling electronics and the dead voice of a machine; like vague memories of tradition lost within the digital age we all live in.
What is wrong with them? That they close their ears, eyes, hearts and minds to any challenge to their own beliefs- Matthew 13:15, quoting Isaiah 6:10:
Thoreau is advocating for experiencing the world directly, without the barriers of intellect, learned responses, or the opinions of art critics, for example. In today’s world, we accept even more barriers, content to experience nature through the filter of our flat-screen televisions, computer screens, and hand-held devices. Yes, there are some benefits — by means of the magic of technology, we can see the wildebeest migrations, swimming penguins, erupting volcanoes, etc. – things we would not be exposed to otherwise. But what have we lost by settling for this filtered view rather than first-hand observations?
11,- c were two women, one was called Wandimirwa who was given to Gutu by
Similarly, the latest lunatic ravings of Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA), telling the Tea Party to “go straight to hell,” symbolize this struggle. Unable to provide any real solutions to her suffering constituency, in an attempt to diffuse the painful truth that the jig is up, Waters could muster nothing more than lashing out at her political opponents.
Yield : 20 kolaches
06. Sneaky Neighbours feat. Timbuktu
Could feel at home astraddle
The Historic Village at Allaire will host a 19th Century Thanksgiving celebration, when authentically clad villagers will experience the “new” holiday on Sunday, Nov. 20, from noon to 3 p.m.
Here's my knitting project on Day 1:
So we get a taxi at 12:15 the next day. The driver didn’t ask us how we wanted to get to the venue, which was unusual considering we live in the very south of Bangkok and the Rock Pub is in the heart of Down Town, and took us on a merry ride down A roads, B roads, alley ways even under slum packed flyovers. Basically we didn’t take the far more sensible expressway option. At Sapan Taksin we hit massive traffic, didn’t move an inch for twenty minutes, then continued at a snails pace until we hit Rama 4.
This whole post is very grey and lacking in vibrant colour but since both the weather and most of the buildings were this colour for most of the time there isn't a great deal I can do about it I'm afraid:) It was lovely to be in Ireland again though and there are many places I'd love to go back to and explore properly someday.
She is EVERY bit as lovely in real life as she seems.
It was the day of preparation, and the sabbath was about to begin.
The DT have come up with the most wonderful projects for this 'Anything Goes' challenge, you are sure to be inspired...
All the snow was nearly gone here in small-town America. That can only mean one thing... more snow! The forecast of a coating to 1" somehow became several inches & still falling. Seriously? And to top it all off, the phone rang at 5:44am. Scared the bee-gee-bees out of me! James answered to a deep voice recording saying "no school today!" Yep, here in small-town they wake you up to tell you that you can return to bed. Love it! *note sarcasm* But the kiddos are still quiet in their beds & we will enjoy a midweek break from school. Love easy-peasy days! However,
Grumpy can be cute — if covered in fur.
Our senses are turned outward and we engage fully with our environment by feeling the movement of air on our skin, the warmth of the sun and the texture of the grass or the sand underfoot.
If you have any projects you would like to tackle be sure to let me know.
Boy was I wrong.
And I’ve been slowly tweaking my blogs to capture what I want them to capture – from the overall look and tone, to the ability they have to accomplish their objectives, and the greater objective of showing who I am and what I’m doing. For me, it’s not about painting myself as a romance writer. I really like romance – reading and writing it. But I like reading and writing other things too – and even the romance I write has some wider things I want it to accomplish. I’m slowly figuring out how to encapsulate “me” and what I’m doing/trying to do. It’s a challenge – an interesting one, but not an easy one. That’s still a work in progress.
Desayunos for $2.25 and burritos for under 3 bucks!
The great thing about most of the Russian food I've ever cooked is that a lot of it is peasant food and is accordingly inexpensive to source and thus of interest due to its potential for good GP%.
Evelyn Nesbit was born to an upper-middle class family in Pennsylvania. Her father, a lawyer, died in 1893, leaving large debts and virtually no money.
1) The Panthers- Malkaus-2:47
Cell phones are available in multi-frequency GSM bandwidths. A quad band phone responds to all the info you could possibly need during your Italy honeymoon destination that is close to where your wedding in Italy, roaming with your rented Italy cell phone rentals provide you with double benefit of cost saving. Italy cell phone has to respond to these frequencies. Your rented Italian cell phone or using a landline. Whether you are heading for the greatest ever-military machines ever to walk the farm holiday italy pompei and feel the farm holiday italy pompei of centuries drop away as you travel through Italy, you would need Italy cell phone, which becomes your property and your outgoing and incoming calls, including the farm holiday italy pompei a particular region when buying property in Italy tend to be paid, until five years after the farm holiday italy pompei is consummated. An Italian citizen must only pay for themselves. Indeed, there are so many beautiful places to explore. Whether it's to learn about Italy's many historic landmarks, and view the farm holiday italy pompei. Italy has it all - mystery, intrigue, religion, beauty and picturesque country side of Tuscany. However the farm holiday italy pompei along excellent cuisine and wine regions, is sure to set up a northern republic failed. Alienated from Hitler, despised by many famous architects, including Michelangelo, Vignola, Raphael and Pirro Ligorio. There are also high on the farm holiday italy pompei, these two Italian cities are an obvious choice for anyone planning a vacation in Italy. The region is rather expensive. As an alternate, Calabria could be described as a result, evolved into a collection of fractious states and small kingdoms.
However you have to admit Browning does a terrific job of staying "asleep" (spoiler: she is just acting really, at least I hope she is) in this, like, gross-out scene where veteran Oz actor Chris Haywood does some fancy eye- and nostril-licking. Shudder. And then the big guy has a heart-attack (I think) and drops her off the bed and onto the floor... Ouch! Hope the carpet was soft. If only there was an Academy Award for not reacting!
Help me out
Today I came here extending my stroll after I bought some convenience goods,and I enjoyed a cup of good coffee in a family-run café.
I walk home from the Castro station; I take 17th street as usual. I appreciate the outside air – windless and calm. There is a young woman, a high school girl in uniform, who starts singing once she gets off the train. She starts singing like an opera singer and walks energetically. I follow behind her, to get a feel of her world – vibrating, loud, confident.
The group with the longest life expectancy hailed from the Cretan Mediterranean. The Mediterranean diet follows the cultural diet practices of the Cretan Mediterranean population during the time Dr. Keyes performed the Seven Countries Study. The principles include:
Today's Prima blog is featuring the Build-A-Page (BAP) for May, with some LOVELY interpretations from our creative and inspirational Design Team. :) It is a wonderful sketch that appeals to everyone - and the simplistic beauty of it allows you to make it as simple or embellished as you like. :)
Hannah had a great trial class at HipStitch, a new sewing school in Newton. She eagerly participated in more lessons, with a goal of making a dress for herself and a matching dress for her American Girl doll, per the school owner's suggestion. But as the lessons went on, it was clear she wasn't accomplishing much, and Hannah's enthusiasm waned. At the end of six two-hour classes, she had very little to show for her participation.
It serves as a reminder that we’re not as clever or brave as we think we are. I can’t imagine any meat-based brands today openly reminding consumers that their product comes from bloody slaughtered beasts, but surely what you want from your beef drink is dead cow in a cup.
27 million: According to a December 2010 “estimate” by “Free the Slaves”, the total number of people “trapped in modern-day slavery” (see also “800,000” below).
Canterbury Jack - (Pale ale) 4.0% ABV
The fun thing is, you can make pizzas now, but you can also save some crusts for later - they freeze incredibly well. Thaw before you use them.
Need help with a room? Sometimes a mood board is all you need to jump start the process. For more information go here.
This has been a record-breaking season for Madrid. They have lost twice all season – against Barcelona and Levante – and, if they win their final two games, they will reach 100 points, overhauling Barcelona’s record of 99. They had already surpassed the previous La Liga record of 107 goals and now have 115, 44 of them scored by Ronaldo. He trails Lionel Messi in the race for the Golden Boot, after the Argentinian scored a hat-trick against Málaga which took him to 46 league goals and 68 in all competitions, breaking Gerd Müller’s European record set in 1972-73.
When I struggle with a piece, I have to remind myself that I don’t have to work in my own strength. I can rely on the Holy Spirit to put the words He would have me say onto the page. But how does one do that exactly? Do I simply sit there and take divine dictation in a psychography session with my heavenly Father?
Anyhow, enough weather babble :P
Consumers can search the database by permit number, brand name, manufacturer, type of product, approval date or percent alcohol by volume, with each record including a graphic image of the approved label.
It's a delicate balance between "not enough" and "too much" information.
With his father gone, Solomon suddenly found himself in charge of the Kingdom of Israel. His territories were vast, his people too numerous to count. He had a government to organize, economic relationships to maintain, workers and soldiers and citizens to satisfy. Solomon had no experience or training; he was twenty years old.
A snowman seemed to be the most popular play-doh creation (especially amongst the boys).
This time his pause before taking his first step felt as if energy was building. It was more than just standing there: It was as if their first step was going to explode with energy. She made dainty circles with her left foot, and they became larger as the energy built. Their musical tension, she knew, prepared them for the end of the next musical phrase.
Ok so it’s not longer mothers day here … but it was, an hour and 6minutes ago!
This distinction is particularly important to those engaged in biblical theology (Hebrew Bible/Tanak or Jewish/Old Testament and New Testament theology) because the locus of textual meaning is an issue at stake. If historical critical methods of interpretation are the only tools an interpreter uses when engaging the text of the Hebrew Bible (both necessary and sufficient to determine meaning), then it becomes impossible for the Hebrew Bible to function as Scripture that speaks beyond its original audience. Impossible, that is, unless one posits that meaning resides in the author AND that the biblical authors, whomever they may be, intended to speak directly to our day and age as well as their own—and every one that lay in-between (and beyond). For both ancient and modern writers, inspired or otherwise enlightened, language itself precludes this possibility.
Some foods seem to be a family thing.
Silently and without fanfare he/she makes sense out of the chaos and confusion around us, resolves the fears we hold about the future, prays our thoughts to the Father when we are too broken and speechless to form words, clarifies the decisions we are often forced to make, and throughout it all, loves us as Christ loved us. Se ish a parent, a teacher, a lover, a friend and it is from Spirit that we glean the Truth and gain clarity enough to decide, to obey, and to act in this confusing world. Such a friend!
We cannot eat green cheese and ham.
Vera xo
I, who regretted after sending you away
The classics are headlined with “The Crane Wife 1, 2 & 3,” Mariner’s Revenge Song” and “Billy Liar.” To be honest, every single one of the songs on this live album is a classic.
Rather, to expel any doubt about what objects are revolving the catechism adds that the sun, moon and stars have a “continual revolution.” Although the unspecified reference to “revolution” might cause a heliocentrist to infer that the sun’s revolution does not necessarily mean it is revolving around the Earth, a few pages later the catechism disallows that inference by stating the following:
Advice from Dave:
holds an LL.B from the
Ghostbusters
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a baking dish, combine all ingredients. Salt and pepper to taste. Mix well. Bake 30 minutes or until heated through. Garnish with dried cranberries and pine nuts or slivered almonds.
And for my wife, I can't post some of the things I'm getting her on here because she might read it, but I'm handmaking a few arts-and-crafts type things for her to show my love and devotion.
The self made gurus further reason that a spiritual master in flesh and blood is required to guide the disciple and therefore ‘out of necessity’ some have to become gurus. That such guidance from a guru in flesh and blood is not necessary and that ‘vani’, transcendental sound, is more important has been amply emphasized by Your Divine Grace, like in the conversation below:
I really hope you're prepared because I now have to make a choice...act like an adult or be the child I want to be and make your life a living hell.
And at the top I found...
Dotted around the the northern and eastern sides of the island are several smaller plots of land. These smaller islands, or cays, are alos popular as day-trips for tourist who want another option for a beach. We visited Rocky Cay on afternoon, unique in that a sandbar makes it possible to reach the islet on foot without fear of wetting one hair on your head. This shallowness was not a friend, however, to the shipwrecked boat moored just off the shores of the cay.
- Losing Time with beating myself then recovering from this beating, with dreaming of how should I do and where might I be already if I had applied it :((
When Megan reached the edge of the water, she found it difficult to see the huge rock outcrop she knew loomed there.
"You told me this movie is from '89 and never got released. Why would there be any connection between it and the Juggalos?"
Initial name submitted: Witchy Woman (rejected)
No, this is PSA is a warning to avoid the following while reading the reviews on the amazing Veet:
there are so many other instances where the Bible talks about belief/calling on the Lord only…John 3:16, Romans 10:9-13, .
German consumers are being warned that when they buy organic produce they may be supporting the far-right movement, following the revelation that rightwing extremists in Germany have embraced the ecological movement and are using it to tap into a new generation of supporters.
Until tomorrow then ...
Snickerdoodles, peanut butter, sugar cookies and spritz cookies…that should finish off our holiday baking. Go on a city drive of Christmas lights. Buy a pair of jeans to match the pink sweater for Jessica. Spend an afternoon in Julian and get hot apple cider. Finish wrapping gifts.
This week there was another teen suicide in our community. The girl had been bullied for two years. As I read further articles I found that there have been at least seven suicides locally, all teens in middle school and high school, in the past year. Those are the seven we will hear about, the kids who died, but there are so many more kids in crises. Statistics and estimates vary but there are at least 11 attempted suicides for every one reported suicide.
Their menu is fairly simple, when you read the descriptions of each dish, it seems there are many little things that make up each dish. I like to get as many varieties as I could on my plate and the farmer's breakfast caught my eyes immediately. Scotch eggs, Ontario cheddar & brie, pork rillette and country toast make up this rustic breakfast. I had no idea what a scotch egg was until we asked the waitress. And you might have guessed from the picture above, a scotch egg is a hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage meat and then deep-fried. Sounds heavenly delicious, doesn't it? It was! Plus, the portion is just right and I got what I wanted for brunch, balanced protein/green/starch. Oh and I shall not forget to mention the caramelized onions is so perfect with cheese and toast.
only in His grace and truth
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto baking sheet. (I used my Pampered Chef scoop and it worked perfectly for this consistency of dough.)
I haven’t always had flat feet; but being pregnant tends to make your feet go all out of shape. See, what happens is, when you are pregnant, you have this hormone that causes your ligaments to relax (you’ve gotta be able to get a 6+ lb child through your pelvic girdle, the ligaments stretch). However, this hormone isn’t focused to your pelvic region, it effects EVERY ligament in your body, including the ones that hold your feet together. My feet grew a half size to a whole size with each pregnancy and they don’t shrink back afterwards.
Like I said, there was a lot to be annoyed with in Barry MagicPantsCrease’s rumbling, stumbling travesty. That particular thoughtless arrogant statement…I dunno. It really pissed me off for some reason.
Brandon Holstein: Awesome, awesome, he’s a great artist. What would you say is your favorite movie of all time?
5. The Search; The Shadow; Phone Booth; The Porch; The Stairs; The Knife
Love is a speeding comet.
* 1/2 cup Real Ale Brewhouse Brown Ale
When I was in…. Oh….5th grade a bunch of us would play “spotlight”. We lived next to this military academy and I was a “townie”. So in the summer when school let out and it got dark some unlucky soul would sit on this cannon at the front entrance with a high powered flashlight and everyone’s mission was to get as close as they could to the spotter before being ……spotted…..Simple enough rules. We would play till about…….midnight. Yeah dude….. the hunted and the hunters………all clad in black…..warriors…..spies…….defenders of freedom and the American way…..against all those…..who…..dared……..to be …….mean or nasty. Now I can’t take credit here.
*Salt/Pepper/Cayenne to taste
WONDERS OF DIVINITY: Sanctify Yourself copyright 2008 by Markus Brixius.
They got to sit on the table to open their presents, and they loved everything that they got. We got all kinds of goodies, and they spent the night at their Aunt Jojo's house. That was a request made by Addison the week before. They got to feel special for a little longer.
This was a strange choice for me to read since i never A) read romance, B) never read erotica, and C) hardly ever like books that have weak female main characters. A co-worker of mine had the book given to her and was totally shocked int he contents (not have heard of these books before). She glossed over what the book was about, and handed it to me. So although surprised and a bit shocked, I did get into the book, and was blushing a lot of the way through! Haha... me and my conservative mind were nicely twisted around this novel and the world that Anastasia Steel would be introduced to by Christian Grey. The first 100 or so pages had me bored to death and I was quickly reminded of the Twilight trilogy. It was funny to find out that these books were an erotic homage to those – but it is very obvious. Anyway, much like Bella Swan, I have a hate on for Anastasia Steel. And much like the twilight series, I was more interested in the dark tones of this book and the ‘why’ behind it. Still, it definitely had enough plot to keep the book together, and enough kinky fuckery for any adult to gape and blush over.
Don’t get me wrong. I never willingly “chose” my Ukrainian side. My father wasn’t exactly a family man, and despite the efforts of my half-brother, half-sister and African American aunt, he didn’t want to keep in touch with them. They weren’t even invited over to our house. They were these mysterious figures that were already on this island called my family when I arrived, but I was ignorant to who they actually were.
Love the formula of the shimmery purple neon, didnt have any problem with it while applying it on my nails. Sad to say, we are unable to find the correct object to compare this shade of gorgeous purple shimmery neon with other things! Maybe red cabbage might be the closest food we could associate this pretty creme shimmery neon!
Weed (Distressed) Weed! Weed weed weed! Weeed!
For what it’s worth, Malcolm told me that the banger-up-the-bum routine originated when The Greatest Show on Legs were trying to come up with some even more spectacular act to follow their naked balloon dance routine and someone said: “Well, you’re wasting your time. You can’t follow the naked balloon dance. You might as well stick a firework up your arse!”
And it dumps you pretty much slap bang in the middle of everything, as anyone who’s played the demo will know.
Just three pieces for the body and another four for the ears. The only modifications I made were to add a little bell in the belly with the stuffing to get some auditory reward going and some chip wrapper in the ears so they make a nice crunchy sound when they're bitten.
Yes, there might have been a case or two of women dying - usually not at the check points, by the way, but on their way because their stupid husbands didn't get them medical help in time. I don't know if you have children or have ever given birth. Perhaps you don't know that it isn't the most predicable of events. A Palestinian woman shows up at a check point moments from giving birth - she's not going to make it to the hospital and there are far more cases of soldiers helping in the birth than there are of women losing their lives. From a medical stand point, most women don't die because they don't give birth in a hospital...they just give birth where they are.
One thing you have to admire about the UT program – they never have required their coaches to win any PR battles up there.
Pear
and pretend i’m at a café somewhere
“The woman was a known criminal,” he told me, trying to defend his actions.
I couldn't really think of ten things I wish I could delete either. I have made lots of mistakes, had my heart broken, been thoughtless and cruel, made and lost friends. The thing is, each mistake, or unkind word has been a lesson learned. If you delete those things, it changes who you are now. So although I have regrets, for lack of a better word, there aren't many things I would delete.
Me and this friend have semi-annual beefs since we’ve known each other.
Now if I could exercise the way I should, it would go a long way toward having a tighter derriere and gut. I would say 6-pack abs, but that might make me snort water out of my nose. No, the description of my abdomen is definitely "gut". It is smaller than it was a few months ago, and for that I am grateful. But it needs to be smaller yet. And I cannot even mention my rear. Please, the thought of how wide it is right now is truly painful. And those lovely dimples. If they were on the right cheeks they would be darling. But they aren't, and they aren't. And I am running out of time. Any suggestions, other than a starvation diet? (Which I could never follow anyway. I am much too fond of food).
So i'd close my eyes, and to the lord i'd pray,
The customer shakes his head as he stifles a laugh.
The Liebster Award is given to blogs with less than 200 followers and passed from blogger to blogger, each hand picked by the previous recipient.
After being caught in the act of playing prison inmate with other men, many married men never even went home. They knew that their marriages were over. Many men were exposed for their secret behavior by the nightly news cast, which was seen throughout the state. There was nowhere to hide from their guilt. Everyone had a field day with the news that the most respected men in Poverty had their own little private parties under the four twelve bridge. Regardless of the fact that some of the men still deny that it’s them on the videos, it’s hard to deny one’s own face on film.
It is cold down here in the South Pole…very cold.
Have we got a super challenge for you! We had some amazing entries last challenge and will have a most difficult time choosing our Lovely Lotus. Gosh, you guys really rocked that challenge, well done! Ok, so onto the photo.
Lindy has two squeaky toys, which she squeaks to indicate how happy she is, because she knows better than to bark in the house. However, she does like to take her toys outside, and sometimes they don't come back.
And believe me…it is just getting better. We’ve grown so much in the past year we’ve had to take down part of the climbing gym. We STILL need more floor space. Our equipment orders are flush. We’ve got a snazzy new pullup structure. We’ve become a big family. You guys don’t consider one another just people who go to the same gym, many of you are friends.
What book should I read first in 2012? If we are slow tonight at work – which that is doubtful but it always slows down some after bars close – which book should I start? Here are the ones I’m considering:
Okie Noodling Tournament July 9, 2011 Pauls Valley
More is greater than nothing. Perhaps I beg the question here because I have nothing "solid" to substantiate my thinking and it is all based on how I would like things to be. To be. being. Being.
For example, an SK candidate gather majority of SK voters in a place three to a day before election. Most of them brought those minors away from the barangay. For example, in Barangay Pugwan, the were brought to resorts and they stayed there until election day. Yikes! I saw the truckload of SK voters who went back to Pugwan to vote.
So I'm (once again) presenting another one of my favorite recipes I've gleaned from the Our Best Bites cookbook. I know it's easy to just go get it from there, but at least this way, I may point someone (and by that I mean the two people that read this blog) to the easiness and yumminess that is this salad.
I tried playing around with Livestream last night. I used to use Stickam for live broadcasts. They have a nice feature which allows up to six viewers to participate with video. Except that sometimes turns out to be not so nice. Some people think it’s appropriate to show up naked in those screens.
Let cool on wax paper on a baking sheet.
Thanks for joining me today!! I hope you take some time to also check out the Avocado Art's Blog which will direct you to even more inspiration from Pit Crew's (their design team). I'll be back next week with another project too! :)
My happy, very young and beautiful mother, Karen holding her new little me. That bedspread still lives—somewhere in one of Mom’s closets…
Hello, winter wonderland in Edmond’s! Lights, a mini tree, nutcrackers, stockings, and paper snowflakes! Oh, and did I mention that I baked 130 Nestle Toll House Chocolate Chip Cookies from scratch? If that’s not the ideal study break, I don’t know what is. Besides, you can’t have Christmas without cookies.
As a member of the press!!
Yes, we can only do so much, but I hope we exhaust all the means we can do to concretely advocate and live out its importance. Though I must warn you, advocating and acting on this do not give an immediate result. One has to understand that we are dealing with life that observes process. Your consolation is that – your investment on Mental health is an investment to life itself.
“Yet again the ‘one-size-fits-all’ policy of the EU produces absurd results. These would be ridiculous proposals if they were applied to the Britain.
“Arnen!” Emily cut in. James was watching William, who had his eyes closed tightly.
I sat in my truck, speeding down the mountain road to my home in southern California, and I remembered what Mel had asked me to do. I had given Betty his message, and she had broken into tears when I did. But I was unsure whether or not I wanted to keep the story of the emo-yetis alive. It was, after all, a very painful memory. In the days to come, however, I realized that I must continue telling it, just as the stories of wooly mammoths and dinosaurs must be told so that they are not forgotten. The emo-yetis must never be forgotten, nor should their final victim, Mel Johnson, the man who destroyed the emo-yetis.
There is no long-term, independent evidence that GM crops are safe to eat, or that it can be contained in the field. GM wheat is a risk to our health, our natural biodiversity and to farmers’ livelihoods.
We know this is just a few of the many ways to write down your thoughts. Share your ideas in the comments below: How do you take notes and ensure you don't forget those great middle-of-the-night ideas?
As one who has also been repeatedly dissed, let me say, I know the feeling. Feminism often has the unfortunate appearance of a high-class country club, filled with educated, affluent, snooty white people. This is one reason activists like Renee call themselves womanists. This is why many working-class women say "I'm not a feminist, but..." Feminism is often seen as the territory of highly-educated, elite women. When one of these influential feminists disses you and acts like you don't know any better (especially if you are my age, or Norma's age), it can be deeply humiliating. And confusing. I can remember one of the huge pro-choice rallies in Washington, DC in the early 90s (see photo above, McCorvey and Allred) during which McCorvey was not permitted to speak--an incident also mentioned in the Village Voice piece. Why wasn't she? Too redneck and uneducated? Good Lord, people, the damn SCOTUS ruling was named after her!
When one is buying a watch the things like style and looks often matter at a very first stand. Thus, replica wrist watches also have a wonderful style. Moreover they’re created by the beautiful and number a designers of the world have creative passion and insight into professionalism.
smaller than ours.
Well if you enjoy a rather slow moving story about the friendship between a Victorian cross dressing waiter and a cross dressing lesbian house painter then Albert Nobbs is surely the film you would choose on a blustery Sunday Afternoon.
Next on my List: Collection 2000 Lasting Perfection Concealer, I hear nothing but good things about this product and at £4.19 that is definitely worth a try.
To date, Benedict’s defenders have claimed that he really just didn’t know that a priest in his diocese had simply been moved on to another parish. That seems incredibly unlikely, but it might just be possible (‘though as I have said before, if you believe that, then I’ve got a rather nice painted ceiling in a spiffy basilica in Rome to sell to you). But this time, letters were sent directly to him about abuse committed against boys at a school for the deaf by an American priest, the Rev. Lawrence C. Murphy. The priest was “moved on”, and later on, when a secret church process against him was started, it was stopped…
shoe
Thanks for all the thoughts and prayers this week. She has a lot of people pulling for her, and the good energy is definitely apparent. We are very thankful for all family and friends, including those who read the blog whom we have not met. You're the Best!
We have to recognize the following fact: Inhumane elements exist in the other camp. These are terrorists that Israel must eliminate, before they kill our children.
Rather than pursue him, she stopped at her landing with a soft pad of her feet and marked him in her sights. She flipped the knife around to grasp its steel edge and launched it through the air with precision.
I remember how kind he was to the little children. Our kids were all younger than him but he played with them and let them tag along. Beckie worshipped him, following him everywhere she could. I often wondered if we had not moved away if they two of them might not have ended up together. He was definitely her first love.
“Now the Son of Man is glorified and God is glorified in him.” – John 13:31b
"Bar Band grade. Not suckful. Would even tip."
And it worked.
Best part was that since my tent was so roomy, I was actually able to keep it organized!
Gerald Celente: Spain’s Protests To ‘Go Global’! Joe Weisenthal: GREECE – There Are New Emergency Bailout Talks That Could Spell The End Of National Sovereignty! Mobius Says Fresh Financial Crisis Around Corner Amid Volatile Derivatives! HAARP Being Used To Create Floods To Destroy World’s Food Supply! US (Not Gaddafi) Dropped Cluster Bombs on Misratah !
only to court the girl but to court
Sunday morning I woke up around 8am. David was already out of bed and had turned on the TV in the living room. I lay in bed for a few minutes, enjoying the luxury of no alarm clock and clean sheets and a snoring dog snuggled up next to me. Then I realized that the Deuce wasn't moving.
She was from Mississippi, and magnolia gals are just that way.
NOTE: The fear of the LORD is to hate evil; Pride and arrogance and the evil way And the perverse mouth I hate. Proverbs 8:13 NKJV
Also, after googling the crap out of this chair, it's reassuring to see that a lot of bloggers have it in their nurseries, too.
I’ve heard of others complaining of headaches and being hungry. No headaches here, but I’ve cut out most caffeine from my diet before the cleanse. I’m also far from hungry. I could BARELY eat all of my dinner last night. Watch the video – that is one overflowing plate of food. I would -never- eat that much normally, but I want to follow the cleanse as closely as possible.
I'm not going to lie to you; I never liked you. Oh, yes, way back in the day, when you were just the ineffectual governor of my state, I might have murmured something less than completely hostile about you from time to time, such as "Oh, well, he's not particularly racist, for a Republican."
Biosketch: Charles Fishman is a former metro and national reporter for the Washington Post, and was a reporter and editor at the Orlando Sentinel and the News & Observer in Raleigh, NC. Since 1996, he has worked for the innovative business magazine Fast Company. Fishman has won numerous awards, including three times receiving UCLA’s Gerald Loeb Award, the most prestigious award in business journalism.
Of Networks, Yochai Benkler made a far more convincing case for what these technologies can do precisely because he considers the role of institutional resistance and status quo preservation. In contrast, Diamindis and Kolter’s argument suffers because it seems to have dismissed such thinking out of hand. Without any thoughtful discussion of the actual dynamics of technology adoption we are left with a lot of excitement but no sense of how things really work.
"Their homes have been raided.
We had a speaker from the Creation Museum (Kentucky) this morning.
Cue laughter.
A few weeks ago I had a MRI to check on my inner ears, nose, throat, etc. It's been inflamed forever. That has caused me dizziness and difficulty breathing. Lovely - this has definitely contributed to my dragging.
BS, leaving your child in a school that is failing them isn't the answer. Obviously Goldstein has never dealt with school boards by the time you are able to make any meaningful changes your children would have graduated. By all means homeschool your children if that is what is best for them. You can still work to make the public schools better while homeschooling your own children.
A few posts ago, we discussed the find/replace feature of MS Word which is great for repetitive words that you are AWARE of ... but what about words and phrases that repeat an idea that you are unaware of? These are unconscious repetitions.
Vixen 101 attempt 101 hours.
25. The rhythum goes on (01:27)
Quote 4
TTM4 p.9
I realize I had it somewhat easy in this instance because she wasn’t my manager, and my manager had my back. My game plan of ‘working around her’ would not have worked if I had to report directly to her. My casual ‘send it over, I’ll have a look’ and then ‘sorry, I don’t have time’ wouldn’t fly. If she had been my manager, I most likely would have ended up doing all of her work for her, while she took all the glory and no one above her was none the wiser. In fact, I’m pretty sure that’s how she got to where she was.
my hovel I owned one). The other pieces
A technical exercise: The dream repeating in every night
Speaking of multi-player, Uncharted 3 sports robust online options for both competitive and co-operative fans. For the competitive on-line, it sports options similar to Call of Duty with persistent leveling, perks and more. What is a bit different is the Medal Kickback system, which is similar to the kill-streak mechanic found in Call of Duty. However, the main difference is how you go about getting the Medal Kickback. What you must do is rack up medals in order to use the kickback. This could be from getting kills or assists, or killing enemies in certain ways, like using melee or pulling them off ledges. Character customization has also been added, which allows you to customize your avatar and set your load outs and you unlock more clothes and guns as you level up. The other cool little feature is the buddy system, which will link you up with another player upon connecting to a match, which allows you do things like spawn next to each other, perform tag-taunts and you can even share experience. Sure, none of this is new to the genre but it’s nice to have the options. Co-Op has also been improved upon and now offers a longer and more enjoyable campaign, which actually features more of a focus on a narrative this time around. Other Co-Op options include the standard wave-based horde mode, which is also a lot of fun. Lastly both competitive and co-op have the option of split-screen multiplayer, which I’m glad to see in a game nowadays.
Rainbow Lady's Challenge Blog - Challenge 203 - Memories ( I have chosen this image for the memories challenge because it reminds me of how magical blowing bubbles seemed to me as a child)
I miss your touch, your kiss, your smell, your everything. Sometimes late at night, I can feel you sleeping next to me, I can still feel your warmth and it’s like you’re home
When I first read this post I was blown away and immediately printed it out and stuck it on my wardrobe mirror like the crazy fan girl I am. It resonates just as powerfully with me today as it did then. It is an approach to dressing that is difficult to define. It is about disconnecting from fashion and trusting instinct, shopping in unexpected places and buying clothing based on the garment itself and not the tag. It could be designer, it could be high-street, it could be secondhand or homemade. I sometimes wish I could see an item of clothing without the associations of it's origin/maker/price, can you imagine?! It would be so freeing. Shopping based purely on fabric, fit, quality, workmanship, it would be ideal. I realise this is very problematic and contradicatory, but it is a nice idea and something I hope to work towards.
Shopping for the length seminar? Artificial Louis Vuitton Handbag might as well monotonous work, collectively understanding shorten in the country.
Josh: “Fiiiine. Next time I am going to find it, though.”
Oh my, young Alex got to Afghanistan too didn't he, they will really enjoy being told their country ain't their own!!
3* This one piping and finishing.
The first indisputable contemporary evidence found during this study of Foster's commercial artistic activity is an advertisement that he placed in The Leeds Mercury of 17 June 1809. The words "By His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent" suggest that a Royal patent had been granted for the newly invented machine for sketching profiles in a short space of time, accurately and in great detail, although Foster in this particular case neither implicitly states that he was the inventor of the machine nor the grantee of the patent.
There isn't a whole lot of prims to be found there as of yet, and I'm hoping that will change. There is an awful lot of jewelry there, like many of the online selling venues and is very competitive to get a slot. Wish I could say that the sellers were always respectful, but can't. Many will promote themselves while others lots are up for auction. Many will chat over buyers questions so the seller miss them completely. Many are just plain rude. But like anywhere in life, we have all types.
This is one of the strongest real threats we face once this epic announcement is finally made. Exposing these plans spoils any element of surprise.
Please don't forget to check in to the Scrappin' Chics Challenge blog and see what the other DT members have created. Hey, why not join in the fun and link up a 'Home for the Holidays' project yourself. There are awesome prizes to be won AND you will get to pick the theme for February!
A: The reason this court went en banc was to set some guidelines. Maybe it can be
12 West 27th Street b/w Sixth Ave and Broadway
CRYPTOZOOLOGY vol. 6 , 1987
In the emergency room - the orderly looked like a young Judd Nelson (not so bad), there was a guy walking around that looked like a homeless pirate (poofy white shirt, black pants and boots, gold hoop earring, but he was dirty, wearing a ripped knit cap, fingerless gloves and carrying a starbucks coffee), and a guy that looked like Santa Claus in a train conductors outfit and this was ALL WITHOUT DRUGS! LOL I thought I may have been hallucinating from pain but others saw it too and confirmed it! I was not dreaming it.
I have been unable to repeat it. However, we have a French press coffee brewer and it looks like it would work in there. So, we shall see. In the meantime, whenever I have a good cup of coffee I think of my Aunt Becky, but it is never as good as her's was.
- 2-3 Tbl. honey (for sprinkling)
In Lourmarin there’s a tremendous place which does just steak and crêpes, called Crêperie la Louche à Beurre. It’s very simple but has a wonderful atmosphere. It’s run by a delightful lady named Babette, who was partly my inspiration for the character Fanny in A Good Year. 04-90-68-00-33.
So, in spite of all sorts of “stuff” going on around him, Paul wrote in Philippians 4:13,
(609) 588-7215
Here's the real deal..
The Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments folks suggested the use of the “Pillaiyaar Suzhi” (Auspicious Ganesh Squiggly) because, in keeping with the rich Hindu tradition of highly abstract thinking, Ganesh represented Knowledge and Knowledge was wealth and wealth was well..money. It was rejected for being insensitive to Ganesh’ younger brother, Karthikeyan (Muruga)
I decided to shoot a message over to Bonnie Plants with my concerns. I will post a new blog with any updates once I hear from them. My hope is that there can be some sort of resolution for this but I made sure they knew I was not going to support any company tainted with Monsanto products. I wish to support Monsanto in no way and that even means withdrawing from companies like Bonnie Plants, even though they seem to otherwise be a great company. I would love to continue my support for Bonnie Plants but if Monsanto is tainting the products, then I cannot in good conscience continue to buy those products.
Set completion: 463/1500 or 30.87%
Flowers are a compliment to a lady, the way of saying that a man finds her feminine?
Pregnancy
Being in the office, while others were having their meetings, and then cleaning out their stuff. Being on break, and having hysterical people show up for their meetings, unsure if they would continue the night or not… Trying to make sure that the work still got done, that trouble tickets were still answered, and that business continued as usual while all this was going on, was hard. It was exhausting. My heart mourned for every friend that didn’t make it, for whatever reason.
love makes us speak truth
I kind of get it when high end designers do this because its adjusting high end fashion to become relevant and wearable. But it seems to bug me more when the High Street does this because I feel like I am being advertised something that aspires to be high end fashion at temptingly low high street prices, and then I get annoyed when I get what I pay for - i.e. high street cost cutting and high street quality. However the bottom line at both price points is, understandably, profits, so there is no rational reason for one seeming more underhand than the other. Am I just being an irrational consumer?
Given that the committee consists mostly of Republicans who are fiscal hawks but non-Tea Party members and Left bent Democrats who are noted for their love of government spending, expect more smoke and mirrors and very little in the way of real cuts.
rose quartz: gift from A-Dubs
Since the school year started at the end of August, we have had maybe three weeks of health. Three weeks where everyone has been healthy at the same time. Yep, three whole weeks of health. (There were some weeks at Christmas, but they don’t count because during those weeks Luke and
Unfortunately, for reasons I cannot fully comprehend, sometimes the roles we have to play are entwined with tragedy.
Violent protests hit the streets in the weeks after Mr. Grant’s death. On Jan. 7, more than 100 people were arrested after protesters marched through the city breaking store windows and setting cars and trashcans on fire.
The thing I admire so much about Vicky's food choices is that she never deprives herself! You will find everything from Alfredo sauce to Chinese food in her daily food entries, but she never (atleast I've never seen it!) goes over her daily calorie allowance! I really need to start practicing what she does - I often DO feel like I am deprived, and I don't want it to be that way, because I believe inevitably it will lead me to cheating and indulging or making horrible food choices. Now, although I am not a mushroom eater, along with some other things that Vicky has in her diary - that's neither here nor there - vegetables are just that - I NEED to be more creative - and first and foremost - MAKE the time to prepare my meals ahead of time! I am notorious for not preparing food over the weekend then falling victim to hunger and lack of options. I do NOT want that to happen anymore! That's how I got fat in the first place!!
If you'd like to participate please copy your Halloween (Craft, Recipe, Decor, or idea) post link, a title (include your name if you want), and a brief description of what you're linking to.
“We’re going all the way until the wheels fall off and burn
Thomas Sydenham, a man of deep Christian faith who many regard as the father of English medicine, said the following in his advice to medical students in 1668:
Also. My inner domestic goddess is tall and thin and does yoga and pilates.
From my perspective, it seemed as if the demographics of the hobby had changed over night and I didn't like the change, especially now that I was one of the "older kids" I looked up to when I was younger. In retrospect, it's obvious to me how hypocritical I was back then, wanting to distance myself from the 10 year-olds clutching their Elmore-covered Basic Sets the way I had done with Sutherland-covered one a mere six years before. But six years is a long time in the life of a child and, as a teenager, I wanted no reminders of my younger self. Thanks goodness that the teenagers of my younger years did not feel the same way!
The band kicked off the second set with “Scarlet Begonias,” then used “Playin’ In the Band” to sandwich the songs in the remainder of the set. “Feel Like a Stranger” showcased Osborne’s vocal prowess and Herring’s startingly Garcia-like quickpicking, while R&B standards “Hard to Handle” and “In the Midnight Hour” seemed to flounder under the weight of the plodding blues beat. The Dead also reached into the vault for a perfectly able version of the little heard-from “St. Stephen.”
Right now I just want to say that the best birthday gift EVER is that SO MANY people I love, adore, work with, live near, sort of know, met once, or don't know at all signed the petition for Ethiopian children. I'm blown away by your support. Thank you for spreading the word to the people you know as well. You are an amazing support group.
I apologise for writing in English, but the case of the mother Habiba who has been forcibly separated from her daughter has been brought to our attention and we wish to bring the following information to your attnetion and call for a review of the case as a matter of urgency.
I know your going this isn’t Cha Cha, well I saved the best picture for last. Drum roll please…..
The poison would remain in the phial
Lorelei didn’t have a room of her own, let alone a crib, as an infant. She has always slept with us. She has a room now with her own mattress, and if I want to lie there with her until she falls asleep she will sleep there until she wakes to use the bathroom, when she comes to us. But most of the time I don’t bother. After a stressful, busy day, I like that I can still give her this time, can fill her emotional tank and mine with some night time cuddles.
Magical StarsignMagical Starsign
“Then why you still wanna die after made it? Your life is better, right?”
It reminded me very much of the response of Jewan Ramcharitar, former PriceWaterhouseCoopers partner, who suddenly resigned as eTeck Chairman almost a month ago. That entire affair remains mysterious, with Stephen Cadiz, the line Minister, stating that it was due to a ‘difference of opinion’ and the departed Chairman reportedly stating –
what did you think, I was full of shit?”
Compatible accessories
Introverts are often individualists. They don’t follow the crowd. They’d prefer to be valued for their novel ways of living. They think for themselves and because of that, they often challenge the norm. They don’t make most decisions based on what is popular or trendy
The employees’ children were scheduled for a tour of the White House that included seeing a demonstration by the Secret Service, making a healthy snack with the pastry chef, visiting the White House athletic center and learning about beekeeping and composting at the first lady’s garden.
Congratulations to Number 82 Grandmas Pearls the winner of last week's challenge "Anything Goes" we enjoyed looking at all the entries we received you are all extremely talented.
"When word and silence become mutually exclusive, communication breaks down, either because it gives rise to confusion or because, on the contrary, it creates an atmosphere of coldness; when they complement one another, however, communication acquires value and meaning."
Dear Sir
On a difficulty scale between one and ten, I'd give this project about a three (owing mostly to having to clean up all the little snippets of string and thread and paper -- I had it all over my clothes, on my desk, and on the carpet before I was finished)!
Then again, most people just don’t care as much and just like to blast it in their car, and use speakers that doof doof down the block. But none of that’s new. This isn’t that new though, back when Hi-fi first came out it was the same idea, just not quite as ‘tech-y’ as today.
Sadly I ran out of time and didn't have time to decorate a box for you, but I will add one when I do.
If Dirk Nowitzki asked you to play him in a game of basketball, would you jump at the chance or decline to prevent eventual humiliation?
FAUX - CA - HON - TAS,
WASHINGTON - Although Sen. Barack Obama is a Christian, his childhood and family connections to Islam are beginning to complicate his presidential ambitions.
Don’t get me wrong—I love a good magazine as much as anyone. When a new issue hits the mailbox it is almost like a gift—I can’t wait to open it and see what is inside. Print publications are not going to disappear. For many, print will remain the primary mode of distribution—particularly for those who are focused on leisure activities or hobbies.
532400 Commercial & industrial machinery & equipment rental & leasing
Dinner was almost ready when my friend said to me, "Susan, the color of the water around Joshua . . . " Oh God. I knew at once that Josh had pooped. I was afraid that this might happen so I had been asking him all afternoon, "Josh, do you need to go potty?" He had replied with a resounding, and even slightly offended, "No!" Alas, just asking had not been enough. I pulled him out right away, wrapped a towel around him and marched him to the bathroom while my friend went to go tell the lifeguard, who got everyone else out of the pool. Cleaning him up in the shower was a feat of indescribable grossness. After a long time of cleaning up, we emerged.
--two bags of black tea, like earl gray
Kids whine because they are trying to get OUR attention. They don't feel like we are listening to them, so they get frustrated and whine. The root of the problem could lie with us. Do our kids try and tell us something and we don't acknowledge them? Are we always "sooshing", or "shooing" them? Do our children ask us for something and we don't respond right away? Do we brush over their concerns or questions? Giving the impression we heard them, but don't care?
I would be your friend. Do that gladly and extend your world exponentially. You speak of fear, that I frighten you. Don’t you realize that the fear will only grow each time you say no to me? Become as solid as a brick wall you are incapable of climbing? You can run away, but be certain you will have to keep running forever. Is that what you really want? Really?
“This is the life…” said the mermaid, running her fingers through her locks, “Gods, what an improvement!”
Seeing, shall take heart again.
Much of Sendak's work was issued by Harper, a publisher notorious for making their edition statements very unclear. The only way to identify copies of his second most-requested work, IN THE NIGHT KITCHEN, is check prices, numbers, and blurbs on the dustjacket; the edition of the BOOK ITSELF cannot be identified. Hanrahan lists this one from $100-$225, but today it's worth well over $1000.
Following the outbreak of World War II, Lamarr, a passionate opponent of the Nazis, wanted to contribute more to the allied effort. As Mrs. Fritz Mandl, she had closely observed the planning and discussions that went into attempting to design remote-controlled torpedoes. These never went into production, because the radio-controlled guidance system was too susceptible to disruption. She got the idea of distributing the torpedo guidance signal over several frequencies, thus protecting it from enemy jamming. The only weak point was how to employ the synchronization of the signal’s transmitter and receiver.
The one who will listen to my kids talk to me at all times.
The Secret Museum
On the edge of green.
Anyway, about three beers later he had finished his spot so we decided it was time we continued our walk back to the hotel. Here's some photos of what we saw on the way back.
11) Go to the bathroom. Sit there for three hours. Read yourself fairy tales and nursery rhymes non-stop the whole time.
In my opinion, the internet going mobile & at my finger tips:
Dear Evil HR Lady,
"Yes," David said quickly, trying to get through the familiar scene as quickly as possible.
Maybe the park by the mayor’s residence is open 24 hours a day, but nighttime closings of Union Square and Washington Square have been a factor in preventing Occupy Wall Street from setting up new occupancy outposts.
.. Just a quick 'pretty post' ..
Comfort & Joy ... LMN ... 12 AM
Okay guys, gotta go. Ellen, Reid and I will be on full baby alert. We’ll take care of ourselves; no need for you or Tim to cater to us. You have bigger – or make that smaller – matters to attend to.
When you make a personal color chart, use the paper YOU use most often. If you print it out on a different paper some colors may not look the same, especially on thicker cardstocks. Keep this in mind when matching colors across media as well. You won't get it exact without some trial and error.
Special Features...
A heat like a flickering flame warmed her. It started where his lips met hers and continued down, all the way down. Wanting. Needing. Raw. Hungry, oh so very hungry for his touch. Flames of her own passion began to build. She had her hand at the back of his head before realizing what she was doing.
The patents include those related to software technology in the two areas, according to a Toshiba spokeswoman.
The Personality of Godhead Śrī Rāma assumed the form of a human being and appeared on the earth for the purpose of doing some pleasing work for the demigods or the administrative personalities to maintain the order of the universe. Sometimes great demons and atheists like Rāvaṇa and Hiraṇyakaśipu and many others become very famous due to advancing material civilization by the help of material science and other activities with a spirit of challenging the established order of the Lord. For example, the attempt to fly to other planets by material means is a challenge to the established order. The conditions of each and every planet are different, and different classes of human beings are accommodated there for particular purposes mentioned in the codes of the Lord. But, puffed up by tiny success in material advancement, sometimes the godless materialists challenge the existence of God. Rāvaṇa was one of them, and he wanted to deport ordinary men to the planet of Indra (heaven) by material means without consideration of the necessary qualifications. He wanted a staircase to be built up directly reaching the heavenly planet so that people might not be required to undergo the routine of pious work necessary to enter that planet. He also wanted to perform other acts against the established rule of the Lord. He even challenged the authority of Śrī Rāma, the Personality of Godhead, and kidnapped His wife, Sītā. Of course Lord Rāma came to chastise this atheist, answering the prayer and desire of the demigods. He therefore took up the challenge of Rāvaṇa, and the complete activity is the subject matter of the Rāmāyaṇa. Because Lord Rāmacandra was the Personality of Godhead, He exhibited superhuman activities which no human being, including the materially advanced Rāvaṇa, could perform. Lord Rāmacandra prepared a royal road on the Indian Ocean with stones that floated on the water. The modern scientists have done research in the area of weightlessness, but it is not possible to bring in weightlessness anywhere and everywhere. But because weightlessness is the creation of the Lord by which He can make the gigantic planets fly and float in the air, He made the stones even within this earth to be weightless and prepared a stone bridge on the sea without any supporting pillar. That is the display of the power of God.
7) Find the cause of the issue quickly. By blaming them. When they feel like they’re the entire problem, you have empowered them to become the solution. And if you’re convincing enough, they’re less likely to sue you.
set rlim_fd_cur=8192
Rare Bomber Thursday (9/2)
This is just the overflow from my local swimming pool,
Echoes is a reprint of the first three of Metz’s Fingerprints series. There are more, but I haven’t been able to find out how to get them yet.
JUSTICE KENNEDY: You thought we -- you thought we would mess it up.
As the atheist walked back inside to resume what he was doing which was watching an old remake of his favorite movie, his abductor asked him if he wanted the masseuse to give him his daily massage. Of course he said yes to his daily massage.
Boaks entered the New Jersey craft beer market in 2008 as contracted-brewed label. The Pompton Lakes company's lineup of Belgian-style beers and an imperial stout are brewed under contract by High Point Brewing in Butler.
This movie is definitely worth seeing, and for once I can say that I would see a Nicholas Sparks movie again without fear of drowning in my tears. I give this movie a 4/5.
Beef meat Beef meat~ Beef meat Beef meat~
The thought was large – that of creating a category which they could ‘own’. Where the campaign gets hazy and goes wrong is in their effort to club two launches into one – the launch of the concept, LUV, and the launch of the first offering in the LUV class, Ertiga.
There are hundreds of books in my Nook for me to choose from, depending on my mood.
Bloggers seem safe from regulation
$1455!! It's by far the largest anonymous gift we've received to date. It, along with some other funds, that have come in the last two days, has put us back within $2,000 of our goal. I don't know who the giver was, but I'm thankful for the gift. Humbled that once again, someone chose to help move this mountain out from between us and our boys.
I should really keep up with the news, since apparently everyone else knew about this. But what upsets me more is that the news published this and subsequently ended Arnold's marriage with his wife. Now his non-illegitimate children will have two Christmas's and still all the money they could ever want, or need.
The dog had to get in the way ofcourse. When I set up the tripod, she, knowing the drill by now, immediately installed herself at the spot I usually stand. I am not the kind of person who puts clothes on their dog, but she would be a great model, hehe. Anyway: I used the Renfrew again as a sloper and adjusted it to make batwings. The only thing I should've done is a square shoulder adjustment, IF I had known such a thing existed. Tanit Isis just mentioned it and I think that would be a good idea for me too. I wanted to keep it simple but interesting, so I added the buttons at the back. They are functionable, but I don't use them. I actually managed to sew them in evenly spaced intervals this time :). The fabric is sort of a synthetic knit. Not the best fabric there is, but it's good enough for this purpose. The fabric covered buttons come from a second hand jacket my mother was going to give to the thrift store. So to the person who is looking at that jacket now: I'm sorry I ripped off the buttons! They were just destined to be used on this sweater!
over it if you like. I don’t need any of it now. Still, there are
dark chocolate brown with gold sparkles. this was the most difficult shade, it was pigmented but swatched poorly.
But the Conservative Party in sterile union with the Liberal Democrats is revolutionising this understanding, and that is a fundamentally un-conservative pursuit. Burke observed:
The Bari steel decks at Lodi operate between 565 and 600 degrees. One thing they do differently here is that both the round and Sicilian pizzas are cooked in pans rather than touch the ovens directly because raw ingredients such as fresh sausage are used as toppings and must cook thoroughly. All the pies come out well-done, which is how it should be for this type of a pizza.
Pain fills me suddenly, I look down and see a claw protruding from my stomach. Dripping vital fluids and key organs from it’s tip.
I Feel Lovely
So ya here is my quick post of my favorite products of the Month June, i have sawtches of the e/e, lipstick, lipgloss/eyeliner in my video, so if you guys are interested, go watch it~~~is there anything from my list you've tried??? let me know~~~or ask me anything just leave me a comment~~~
They opened Yoochun’s video and did some activities together. Moreover, Yoochun sent us message from Japan and we were sooo touching. It was a very great event. We had lots of fun.
The food is like the local farmer’s market is stationed right in the kitchen! Whatever is fresh and available drives the menu. For our visit, one menu item called for morals, but since the moral farmer did not come through, wild mushrooms were the replacement. Our table craved red meat so we dined on the Grilled Hanger Steak and the Grass Fed Beef Burger. Nothing can match the natural, fresh flavors and attention to details. Scratch made ketchup, bread, condiments, and buns continue their quest to produce wholesome, homemade food. My only disappointment was that buttery beef had sat and looked dull rather mouth-watering juicy. The flavors though almost made up for dry appearance of the meat.
stumbling upon
Again, in the Doctrine and Covenants, we read: “Women have claim on their husbands for their maintenance, until their husbands are taken” (D&C 83:2). This is the divine right of a wife and mother. She cares for and nourishes her children at home. Her husband earns the living for the family, which makes this nourishing possible. With that claim on their husbands for their financial support, the counsel of the Church has always been for mothers to spend their full time in the home in rearing and caring for their children.
Due to my older son not being enrolled in the public school and legal issues regarding liability insurance I have to drive my son to and from the Robotics competition (through rush hour both ways) which means my younger son will miss out on attending his sport practice two times this week.
I was blown away when I finished reading Fatal Tide. Johansen did an amazing job conceptualizing the characters of the book and plot to make this book something that is powerful. Something you don’t want to put down to the very end.
I also find a lot of comfort in the following quote by Ira Glass (many of you may have seen this before):
The Show Must Go On
Thinking that I deserve it
Curtis: Can rewind time
Since the property market contracted and economic growth slowed, all property events changed in size, but there has been a recent upturn in the number of larger events that are showing a slow and steady increase in the amount of exhibitors they are attracting.
He paused for a second. “I’m gonna lay it on the line.”
Per serving: (1 tomato)
Next up the favor table. Kristy and Mike got engaged in napa, so I wanted to play off that. I immediately thought of a beach themed wine stopper and found them online in no time. I decorated this table with oranges, wine corks and hanging lanterns/lighthouses. The silverware was also on this table and each roll had a sparkly seashell strung on them. I found a captains will and glued the S to it and we used this as a prop for each couple to take a picture with. Kinda like a guest book in pictures.
can be used either defensively or offensively even if they are weak or untested.
Apparently I'm in the apology business lately. My camera bit the dust, kicked the bucket, went 6 feet under, you get the jist. So I can't take pictures unless I use our camcorder which currently has a full memory card and I guess I'm just being lazy about downloading pictures and videos form there. So first I'm going to apologize about being lazy in downloading stuff from the camcorder.
Then, Steve came in there house with gun! But! Socrates jumped up and scratched his face and Ella dropped book on his head. So he lost his sense. They called police. It’s all OK!
1.Make a post mentioning my little challenge and linking here so folks can join in,
$4 BOURBON AND VODKA MIXES
2 1/2 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature
xxo
To me, Universal Laws are things like gravity. They apply everywhere on Earth, whether we are aware of them or not, and they don’t involve law enforcement. You can use them to your benefit or not, you can see them working, and you certainly can’t change these laws!
Outside Chicago?
As my bedroom comes back into focus, I have this sense of being stretched like a strand of hot glass through a blue sky, suspended between two dimensions. For a languid moment, the streets in this other world are more real than the ones I live on now. Their names are on the tip of my tongue, the contours of the hills in the distance are so familiar I must have walked them my whole life. There is a person there, waiting. But the connection cools and snaps, and the faces freeze and vanish.
Two weeks ago today I held my sister's hand as her heart beat for the last time. It was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. One thing that makes her death a bit bearable were knowing the last words I said to her. I talked to her on the phone about a week before her death. She called me on her dinner break from work and we chatted, mostly just family stuff. But I know without any doubt that the last words I said to her were "I love you." It's how we always ended our conversations. It's a lesson I learned years ago. If you love someone, you should always end with those words. You never know when they will be your last.
‘It’s beautiful, Jason.’ I thanked him in a strangled voice. My throat seemed to have tightened up again. ‘Help me wear it?’
At the end of the short film the threesome disappear behind a familiar large door that takes them into the Great Hall. They bid us a fond farewell and exit through a giant door and then the cinema screen is majestically raised to reveal THAT actual giant door…for some it’s almost like the reveal of King Kong in the theatre and you can hear an audible gasp and certainly it was with the group we were with initially, these were grown adults, we aren’t talking kids here! They gasped; for this door is an entrance into Hogwarts, but it is more than that it is an entrance into the great hall…the first ‘this is what we are here for’ moment on the tour. To be honest they just keep coming after that, a bit like a child who has too many Christmas presents and just doesn’t know what to play with first.
Timeless Truth: God despises empty worship which is not congruent with the way in which one lives one’s life (Amos 6:21-24).
Needless to say, I’m a little tense. This is the biggest project I’ve had to organize at work, and the sheer amount of details seem to reproduce and double over night! I know everyone will make their flights, I know everyone will be staying in their hotels, I know catering will arrive, people will show up, and shows will go on. But the fact that it all swings back to me is a little intimidating!
Unfortunately, the Christmas gremlins must have overheard my conversation. They chucked their nasty little tricks into the mix and things did not quite go according to plan. I'm sure they were laughing the whole time! Miserable little spoilsports!!
I don’t want to see you again
P.S. JT and Big Ush, you guys still share the #1 spot in my heart when it comes to the Oh-My-Gosh-SexyBack! dancing.
Throughout the movie, there is plenty of swearing, nudity, gross-out moments and plenty of laughs. But along the way, it does get a bit sentimental as the boys realise they haven’t got where they wanted in life, that they aren’t having as much fun as they thought and maybe what they had in high school was better than what they have now growing up. Being back in their home town makes them realise how much things have changed and makes them assess whether they like that change. I like this heart-felt side of the movie.
The list goes on though. Since he turned twelve back in the fall, K-boy has: put a stainless steel teakettle in the microwave, performed jumping-jacks in the living room with a bottle of A-1 sauce in his hands (with the expected results), and somehow overnight he's become obsessed with personal grooming...yet he still leaves his dirty socks on the floor. None of his mishaps were intentional, they were just side effects of his emerging teen brain.
The people who can change things in a society are not tax-dodging multi-millionaires who have nothing to prove. And giving them silly titles won't help either.
And at the end they gave us a special treat while we gathered all the supplies and colected the data.
On a serious note, though, we need to stop insulting one another to build our own self-esteem. Take Beyonce Knowles, Khloe Kardashian, and Zoe Saldana for example. All three of these women are of a different shape and size, but they are ALL absolutely gorgeous. Just learn to be mindful of the things you say and how you could be destroying someone’s image of themselves. Every body is beautiful in it’s own way.
Note: Add 1 teaspoon of vegetable glycerin to the mixture and store in a sealed glass jar, to keep the product moist. Otherwise just make as much as you need at a time.
From Tanner:
Readers agreed more on who should play Harry than on any other question. When asked to choose between Andy Garcia, Johnny Depp, Sam Elliott, Tony Shahloub, and Humphrey Bogart, a whopping 75% of the responses identified SAM ELLIOTT as the actor they'd like to see portray Harry.
