who will give you his applause.
So, let's get this straight. The man fronting a campaign for an EU referendum believes that the British public would vote for continued membership, thus wiping out euroscepticism for a generation – which is why he wants a referendum. This is a campaign that eurosceptics should support?
That person with our honesty
And they are the ones who have received the glad tidings of: (I) His Mercy, (2) His being pleased with them, (3) and Gardens (Paradise).
For the topping; toss together bread and butter until butter is absorbed. Sprinkle topping over mixture in baking dish.
I think every elementary student in the U.S. will be getting gifts that include bendy straws & Kool-Aid this year, thanks to Pinterest! But, I love the theme and grabbed adorable (FREE) tags from... A Cupcake for the Teacher! They say... "Have a krazy kool summer!" Isn't that sweet?
My kids and husband have eaten hundreds of these over the years. They are crunchy, peanut buttery, and have the traditional cross-hatch marks too. Dipped in milk they make the perfect after school (or late night) snack, and they travel well in a lunch bag. They are crisp on the edges and chock-full of nuts, with the slightest bit of give in the middle. Make sure to look for shortening that has no trans-fats.
Burns
Question#1
This week we are offering "You Light up Your Life" stamp set from Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Co. to one lucky winner. All you have to do is go to SpeedyTV and play along with us and you are entered to win this wonderful stamp set free. If you use a Mark's Finest Papers stamp you name will be submitted twice, you do not have to use a Marks stamp in order to play.
“How about turkey sandwiches for lunch?” Moody hoped an uncomplicated meal would calm her father’s kaleidoscope mind. As with a few Alzheimer’s patients, too many choices would lead to no choices at all.
Ryan's lunch: peanut butter & agave nectar rollups; steamed broccoli; carrots; pickle; black olive; mini banan blueberry muffin; pineapple mango salsa; cucumber slices.
I use just the very tip of the marker and with a very light touch just dab the darker color where I want it. With these gorgeous images placing the shading is made easier as it's indicated on the image where all of the dark lines are. Where the most lines are is where you will place the darkest colors, like in between the two large flowers. Adding that dark color really adds to the drama and make the image pop!
Revelation 3:12
And so it was in this morning’s foggy dawn that my 15 year old and I attended a local RSL service along with some thousand others. No more than ten years ago we would stand three rows from the clock tower with no more than three or four rows of people behind us. We would arrange to meet friends at dawn and have no trouble finding them. Over the years the crowd has grown to the point where the organisers don’t bother asking the crowd to pay their respects after the service so as to estimate the numbers. We took up a spot just off the footpath, two figures in the mist standing in the middle of a ‘people soup’.
Since I have been requested, here is a full picture of my ‘Japanese vest’. I am knitting a cardigan to wear with it, the Selvedge Cardigan: simple, essential, I think that these two pieces will be perfect for my trip to Japan, now not too far away. I want to travel light in order to be able to come back with my case full of textiles and yarns, I am sure that you understand.
This is my parents with my sis and I. I think we all scrubbed up rather well - especially as after all the looking for clothes for the kiddies I just grabbed stuff out of my wardrobe for the day. At the beginning is a blog of the Sweetpeas.
"We are totally egg-cited to play for Chica and all the Sproutlets who will be home watching with their families,” said The Dream Jam Band.
For all this time, I kept so many of my fears inside. I never showed anyone how frightened I was all the time. Now that I'm being more open about it, I'm sure that people with whom I'm sharing are surprised by it. I was disgusted by my own weakness to be honest. And I did see being frightened as a weakness, and hence a moral character flaw. And if *I* were disgusted by it, the people around me, the people who I loved would also be disgusted by it and wouldn't love me anymore and so I hid it very, very carefully. I avoided situations where I would be triggered. I made all sorts of excuses why I couldn't go/do/be. If I couldn't make an excuse (and believe me, I was very good at excuse-making) I would white-knuckle my way through it, joylessly and feeling as little a possible. Repress, repress, shove, shove, repress, repress.
I have great memories of all those dungeons set near Krake. In The Pharoah’s Tomb, one player had a desert ranger, and he was able to scramble over all those sand-trap rooms while other characters struggled and got trapped. He loved using an ability I gave his character that he thought he would never use. He was so jazzed, his character skittering over the sand floods and ululating “ayiayiayaiyaiyai!”
The slow ships feelered Southward, snails
Currently, where people have a serious accident at work, there is at least a safety net provided by the welfare benefits system to soften the impact of the financial changes caused. However, major changes to welfare entitlement in the now-approved Welfare Reform Act will affect the benefit entitlement of workers should injury prevent them from continuing in employment. People who have to take prolonged time off work will be negatively affected by the plans to replace Disability Living Allowance with Personal Independence Payment. By changes to Employment and Support Allowance. And will get less help from the Universal Credit during the first six months of their illness than they would get at present.
David Cameron’s government is aware of the figures involved and is also aware that half of the children taken into local authority care subsequently disappear, yet do nothing about it for fear of being accused of racism. It is this wicked political disregard that outrages the likes of Anthony Steen, the former Tory MP who heads up the Human Trafficking Foundation in Britain. According to Steen, “Mafia gangs circle children’s homes waiting to remove victims.”
The site, which is at the corner of the fledgling Franklin Avenue retail corridor, has approved plans for more than 7,500 square feet of retail space, more than 870 square feet of community space and 38 parking spots. The Franklin Avenue subway station, with access to the 2, 3, 4 and 5 trains, is also directly in front of the site. It is also near the Brooklyn Museum and Brooklyn Public Library.
Laville ended the talk by giving an insight into the future of journalism, telling the audience: “I can foresee that management now will focus hugely on your ethics and your integrity and willingness to follow the rules and the law,” she then added, “but as journalists it’s sometimes necessary to tip-tie around the law because it’s in the publics interest.”
But for now brutal fact are that I have to make money for the family, the ‘real world’ that all the downers speak of IS my world until I hit that transition point. And those graphs will not move from one epic night of blogging or programming (although I found a guy that started a blog 2 months ago and he has already had 20,000 views….). I can feign that I will get my books written and those will make me some money, but really too much desperation really does not make good writing, at least not from me.
Opening our eyes to other people’s belief systems or cultures doesn’t diminish what we do nor does it require that we change who we are; it just means that we have learned to appreciate how much richness there is in our world.
What the world needs now is some accountability
One of my favourite parts of working as a realtor is having the privilege of taking photos of Georgina on a regular basis. When I was out updating my listing photos, I couldn’t help but capture the beautiful views.
Beer is sticky and filling bottles with it makes a mess. We needed to rinse them off as they came out of the capper. Easy business... I just tapped into the water feed that runs across the top of the unit, added a valve, then another tee with a couple of drops which I drilled small holes into and PRESTO! Rinsed bottles.
First up is my favourite shot of my daughter.
On a personal note my first PPAF is in town and it's really hurt my milk supply. I am trying desperately to increase it again so some prayers for me that I don't lose it! Because they are sleeping more I am pumping more and have almost filled a shelf in there with breast milk. Unfortunately I only pump 2 - 4 oz per day right now but like I said, I am hoping I can increase that again. Time to break out the oatmeal and hot chocolate again!
4:15 p.m. Secretary Clinton holds a bilateral meeting with Tunisian Prime Minister Beji Caid Essebsi, at the Blair House.
I checked the color challenge today over at SCS and decided to give it a shot!
3 T calvados or cognac
Here, yet again, we hear echoes of the book of Judges. A neighboring country oppresses the people, the Spirit of God inspires an ordinary dude, and he leads the people to military victory. In this instance, the Israelite town of Jabesh-gilead is under attack from the Ammonites, who threaten to gouge out everybody’s right eyes in seven days. Those guys sound pretty mean.
Elliott’s frustration quickened his step up through the dark streets. Flashes of blonde hair and the soft smell of her perfume clouded his mind. The pull towards her essence disarmed him every time he looked at her. Tonight had been no different to all the other times that were slowly driving him crazy.
Nathan Butler
What do you say?
So likewise the Father is Lord, the Son Lord, and the Holy Ghost Lord.
Unroll your pastry and use to line your tin and trim any ragged edges. Place a circle of baking paper over your pastry and fill with baking beans. Any old dried beans will do if you don't have baking beans. Place tart in the oven for 20 minutes then remove the paper and beans and allow to bake for another 10 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven and allow to cool completely.
I mentioned I am reading through The Haiku Registry. I am on the letter M these days!! Quite a wonderful education. So many poets familiar and new, worldwide.
Favorite Pattern: paisley
Thank you again for your time and hope that this has been of interest to you. Please do not hesitate to contact me if there’s anything you need to know or want me to add in forthcoming posts.
I hope that all the moms out there had a fabulous weekend! Happy Monday! Xoxo
We also think there are important concepts in the dictionary definition of community: “A social, re­ligious, occupational, or other group sharing common characteristics or interests and perceived or perceiving itself as distinct in some respect from the larger society within which it exists (e.g. ‘The Business Community’).”[1] Common characteristics — having cancer, for example — and common interests — wanting to save the world, for example — are what attracts people to form a group and helps define them as distinct from other individuals or groups.
We have seen this many times before. In the 1930's, the German Stalinists attempted to outflank the Nazis by trying to demonstrate that they were better Nationalists. In the last few years we have seen something similar in Britain. The "No2EU" campaign, which was largely based on the Nationalist politics of the British Stalinists, also attempted to put forward a Little Englander, Nationalist program. They too claimed that it was to take votes from the BNP and UKIP.
Benjamin’s disappearance took the Police and Lady Policeman's important investigative time away from concentrating on critical social problems like hate crimes, suspicion of hate crimes, crimes that may or may not be construed as hate crimes and crimes that could possibly be perceived as crimes of hate but not necessarily so, but more importantly race crimes, suspicion of race crimes, crimes that can be perceived as race crimes and thought crimes that threatened social cohesiveness, frivolous accusations of a thought crime, and….…er, you get the general idea.
A short distance from CMA is the Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland. MoCA Cleveland is tucked away in the humble locale of the 2nd floor of the Cleveland Play House Complex. But it more than makes full use of its environment. MoCA presents works of local artists and internationals in four special exhibitions.
Quality: EX+
Peddling the same old same old moral equivalence the Guardian managed in its recent editorial to feed the germ of anti-west action particularly when it is “interventionism”. To the average Guardianisto intervention is never for any other reason than west-serving power, cosying up to big global business, subjugation of the masses, neo-colonialism; it is clearly never altruistic and most definitely NOT EVER to spread liberal democracy.
Look, I know: there's plenty of attack-ad fodder in Romney's Thurston Howell III affect and Santorum's apocalyptic Christianism. There's going to be more shooting in the GOP circular firing squad. I guess I understand why some people are imagining that this year could be like 1964, 1972, or 1984 -- years in which an incumbent who seemed vulnerable on New Year's Day scored a blowout win eleven months later.
That the ANC government and its partners refuse to acknowledge or address this very real problem is inconsequential to most. To them, the so-called leaders, the populist promise of social allowances, whilst hoping for a miracle, is the only way to handle the crisis facing the country and the continent.
Stamps: Gina K designs stamp set "Tickle Your Funny Bone"
At first pricking my finger to take blood glucose levels made me a bit queezy, but now it is normal. And I like getting the instant feed back of how I am doing. Tip: if you get unexpected numbers wash your hands and test again. Sometimes I just didn't get my finger clean enough. I also found the almond scented soap I was using gave me artificially high readings. I switched to an unscented and haven't had any further issues.
I know that brass is hot and in vintage vogue right now…but I’m just not ready yet. But, I’m ALWAYS ready for a slightly sparkly, matte but shiny coat of spraypaint.
That's not funny.
Huh.
Matt E: 3.6
The scarf has apples on it! I thought it was perfect for a teacher like myself! (hehe) The second stop was to Target where I actually went a little Seuss-crazy!! They had all their Dr. Seuss books on sale and of course I had to buy a BUNCH of them!
It’s different when you’re a stepparent, especially if you are longing for children of your own. I am fortunate in that my stepchildren have always come back to our house on Mother’s Day night to celebrate with me. That has always meant more to me than I can ever say, and I am thankful that their mother shared them. I know that many stepmothers aren’t as lucky as I have been, and I would like to take a moment to celebrate “Bonus Moms” everywhere.
- 6 tortillas (above)
OWS protestors in Zuccotti Park are harming no one. They are exercising their First Amendment rights according to our Constitution, but tonight, the city of New York under Mayor Michael Bloomberg has demonstrated that our rights are not respected, are an illusion.
We are citizens of heaven. (Philippians 3:20)
He was admitted immediately to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). He was so tiny that he fit in our hands and we could do nothing but hope and trust that God was in control. As you can imagine, it was a very stressful time. But Kaleb was so strong and he continued to improve. There were many good days, and some bad ones too. It seemed that for every two steps forward we’d take ten big ones back.
What is my day going to be like?
I don’t know if it is just the times we live in or my particular view of the world, but family life is not often peaceful or a matter of ‘living together in unity’. Now it seems less common to live together, and unity is even less likely.
He broke his collarbone after five begins in 2007 after which was beaten out for that beginning job the following season by Kurt Warner. He spent yesteryear two seasons using the Texans as Matt Schaub’s backup.
Another part of her work had also to do with her appearance. When I saw her I found her vaguely familiar somehow, in the course of the conversation she told me that she was a Marilyn Monroe tribute artist and had made many appearances as the modern incarnation of the beauty of years past.
without the noise and distractions that are part of our daily life.
That’s such a big concept. The right breed for the right family. I have a vivid memory of one Dog Whisperer episode where Cesar visits a tough Latino guy and his family. The guy is deathly afraid of pitbulls, probably from being tormented by them in his neighborhood growing up. Unfortunately, pitbulls are known as the thug-dog and crappy owners condition them to be much more aggressive then they should be. Cesar works with his Latino friend and his family to get over his pitbull fear, which he does. The Latino guy wants a dog and being a macho Latino he assumes that he should get a big dog, maybe not a pit, but a big dog so he won’t look like a maricon in his neighborhood. (That’s Spanish for gay, people.) Cesar tries out a couple of dogs on the family and then he settles on some kind of Chihuahua mix. A small, little, tiny, teensy, weensy dog or this big feckin’ guy. I loved it. Cesar says, “Listen, amigo, this is the right dog for you.”
Curtis Elmy - It was a fairly natural transition, I feel the two avenues of design are very similar. A computer background is a huge asset when it comes to producing accurate technical drawings for our designs. Being a graphic designer has also helped tremendously as we are able to design and refresh the look of our website, blog and marketing materials in-house.
A quick reminder that our rubber closeout sale is still in full force!
‘Old Roffe’ by Nigel Jarrett
It has been a while since I made the last post guys...It's good to get a chance to spend some time blogging again:)) I feel very happy now!!!!!!!
Science tells us to keep ourselves and our environment clean to avoid disease and to feel good.
Whoever you're with or wherever you are this Christmas - have a sparkling one, a fab festive stretch and - l'll see you on the other side..
Once everyone was rounded up we loaded up and set off home, arriving back in Northampton at about 1.00. We dropped everyone off and got home about 45 minutes later.
CLARIFICATION: Though the headline said "arrests," I conflated terms, The number of new marijuana "cases" increased 69%, but the data provided was both for arrests AND citations given for Class B and A marijuana possession. I apologize for any confusion.
For anyone interested in learning more about the South London Gallery and their exhibitions and residencies, check out their website! And go down there for Febrik’s “Play, I Follow You” exhibition starting on the 17th May.
However, the cinema enthusiast in me was bullied by dear friend Aniruddha who insisted it was important I watch and like Golmaal 3. Consequently, I found myself in the car en route to my theatre to catch this flick.
Why Did You Abandon Your Children? Are You An Advocate for Abandonment?
blog post earlier this year, with a meme about ones sex life in 2012. I thought it quite funny at the time, but it took me a while to get an opertunity to take the photographs. So here they are now.
in the skin
Believers at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral carried a flower-bedecked bier late Friday night along Court Street and down Schermerhorn Street in Brooklyn Heights / Downtown Brooklyn.
My collage fits me pretty well, I must say. The cool thing is once you answer the questions and get your results, you can click on your collage items and they all have an explanation. I LOVE IT!
Doesn’t get any better. I’m still looking for the words I’ve lost. When I find them I’m going to type them to the screen. That’ll teach them to run away.
No, you can just subscribe to my blog to get the updates.
taking flight when you’d begin to run
It's a busy cleaning house for next weekends big party (more on that later), my niece and son running a 10K and nephews trials bike event.
I decided I really like having those little short term goals. Something that I can strive for daily, that doesn't take months of training to accomplish. So I think weekly I'll share a few of my goals that I'm aiming for. So for this week...
**IF you post your project in your blog MAKE SURE TO LINK BACK TO THE CMC CHALLENGE **
As with all borderline legal parts, this would need to be carefully assessed against the wording of the rules. But where’s there’s ambiguity, there’s a chance to exploit.
MR WNDFL
But families are so fragmented these days that parent’s are mostly on their own. What makes me shudder is that number of families have fallen apart because of one beef or the other. Half of the time is money issues, people fighting over inheritance, or sometimes, it’s just beef – no bond between siblings to start with, when they grow up and have their own children every one is suspicious of one another, and go their speparate ways.
“No dictator can in the long run find shelter from this wind of history,” Jagland said. “President Assad in Syria will not be able to resist the people’s demand for freedom of human rights.”
The month of December is upon us and with it, a whole hoopla of stuff to do. In other words....
So again, you may ask why. Not so obvious answer: I can't afford to pay a speeding ticket. Obvious answer: My kids are in the back seat. More obvious answer: Everyone else on the road is a jackass who could ram into us at any moment.
There are many distractions that can turn our eyes from our Lord. Complacency often comes like a thief to steal our attention. Pride and self-sufficiency make us believe we can go on without our Lord. Ignorance serves to blind us and excuses cripple us.
Follow this up and find a KIPP school or program kid and let them know what’s up!
Hello, Friends! Hope you have all been well. We've had some coughs and sniffles around the house, and today Wheels is home from school. He has a chesty cough and had a hard time getting to sleep last night, so we thought it best that he stay home where he can rest and I can make sure that he has plenty of fluids.
(Three Blind Mice)
Sophia Loren said she was delighted with the experience that at first she was scared, and that she had “absolutely no problem” to pose for the purpose of Dutch photographers Inez Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin.
So I FINALLY got everything sorted out.
My own children also taught me truckloads about life, and even though they are growing up now, they are still little people to me in many ways. Maybe because unconditional love is the mortar that still holds us all together.
photos:
I almost paid $4 for a broken framed print of a little girl with a cool saying that would work well in my office.
I'm guessing that millions of pounds of tax payer's money has been spent on producing leaflets, signs, notices, and public literature, to ensure it is written in a variety of different languages with larger print alternatives for those with sight difficulties.
6. In what kinds of stories/articles that appear in newspapers is it not OK to give some sort of opinion? Name two kinds of writing in newspapers where the writer should give an opinion.
Thanks for all the lovely comments left on my post yesterday! Too sweet of everyone. And yes, I am feeling pretty good about my progress the last couple of weeks. I hate that the scale isn't showing that so much. But then again, I am only weighing on Monday's now...period. So it's sort of a guessing game the whole week and the tension that builds up waiting and wanting Monday to hurry the hell up and get here so I can see what that scale says is even more aggravating than weighing every day. Because if it didn't budge or barely showed results you get even more down because it feels like a whole week was wasted. But I have conquered that mindset. FINALLY! I don't care what the hell the scale says (well, I do but you know what I mean) as long as I KNOW I am getting thinner then it's ok and I will just keep reminding myself that eventually the scale will catch up to my body. That's that.
ETA: I actually wrote this blog a month ago and never got around to sharing it. I reached a breaking point in the ensuing weeks and we decided to begin night weaning last Wednesday night. Since then I have not nursed Chase at night and through that one night at a time. The wonderful thing is...I'm not as annoyed and touched out anymore with daytime nursing and I think this maneuver has bought Chase several more months nursing. I'll write more soon about our decision to night wean, how I'm feeling once it's done, and my personal preferences on weaning in general.
09. Antichrist Television Blues
So, from that very time, those who were fervent Christians had a definite idea: the world is soon coming to an end. Of course, nineteen centuries have passed since that time. Does that mean that the Apostles were mistaken? Or that anyone else who thinks so is also mistaken, and we should put away all ideas that the end of the world is at hand, that Christ is coming soon? No, it does not mean this. It means that we are to understand this in the right way, and the right way is the spiritual way. If we ourselves are leading a conscious spiritual life, conducting the unseen warfare against our own fallen nature and against the demons who are against us, then we will be constantly expecting the coming of Christ into our soul.
Not quite true, but close enough
If you’d like to be informed of solar and celestial activity as it happens to help you understand why you might be feeling like you do then visit http://www.spaceweather.com/
Shockingly, John likes him, too. Ya'll, John & I liking the same band at the same time happens less often than a total eclipse, so this is big. John says he reminds him of Sting. I say Yeasayer. John's probably right.
The Doctor was able to steal Eldrad's ring and tried to escape with it. Chasing the Doctor, he tripped over his scarf and into a deep chasm. Though Eldrad now seemed to have died, the Doctor expressed doubt about Eldrad's demise.
yet she is in her lingerie… I had that very real feeling of not “Yah, alright, you go on there Wonder Woman”…but… “Damn, you’ve just put yourself in a really dangerous position wherein totally backward thinking folks would try to make a case that you were asking for a sexual assault regardless of your intentions or super-cool catchphrases.”
From the licensor`s viewpoint, minimums in a licence agreement attempt to ensure vigorous effort on the part of the licensee to commercialize the technology. Agreements may provide for termination of the licence if the minimums are not being met or, less stringently, to convert the licence from exclusive to non-exclusive status. For this reason, if minimums cannot be avoided in the licence, the licensee must do its utmost to have fair, realistic minimums set.
Getting to hope you’ll like me.
3. The grass
Oops. I think I have a typo in my header. Oh, but no matter. I’m only reviewing a Chetan Bhagat book. After all, 98% of indians have poor english, right? So the hell with spell checks on this post.
Utilize the crystals, the twelve master crystals to work with these issues. If you have some of the crystals in your possession already, cleanse them, place them in your environment, acknowledge them for what they are presently work with and ask that your energy can tap into their wisdom and into the frequencies that they are emanating in order (tape ends) …. By acknowledging the crystals presence and what it is assisting you with you automatically become more sensitive and attuned to what the DNA of your body is trying to tell you and show you. You also increase the rate at which your body is transforming from carbon to silicone base, the majority of you here this evening, and in actual fact all of you here this evening are already in full active process of moving into silicone base and much of your crystalline structure is already active. Therefore it would benefit you immensely to work with the crystal kingdom, those specifically that we have spoken of this evening.
There's a bonus. All standard male behaviour - sorting out his DVDs, sitting on the sofa pontificating, showing off in front of another male - is automatically funny once it's performed by a bloke wearing a dog suit.
Nor the agonizing pretence that it might be full.
Other aircraft involved in the exercise include Royal Navy Sea King helicopters temporarily based at RAF Northolt, RAF Puma helicopters based at a Territorial Army centre in Ilford, east London, and Army and Royal Navy Lynx helicopters on HMS Ocean in the Thames.
Bounty Quilted Napkins $0.50/1
I opened my virtual boutique five years ago today and am so happy that I did!
If you have an inbuilt or enclosed closet, like me, You can line the walls with....wrapping paper. Yep, no joke. Not many people see inside your closet so wallpaper may be a bit too expensive but wrapping paper and a bit of time plus blu-tack can create a very similar look. If you're brave you can also unscrew those doors and try stringing a curtain across too, it may add some more 'space' as well for those whose closets seem to take up half your place!
The new Umbro US manager taking over Miss Jackson's role was surprised by some of the products that had been approved for sale by Hudson, being of the opinion that they clashed with the exclusive rights of Dick's, the more important client. Umbro then began to investigate which products have received formal written approval within the terms of the licence agreement. The situation deteriorated and by February 2008, Umbro formally complained to Hudson that it was supplying on-field kit in breach of the licence agreement. Hudson's view was that Miss Jackson has approved the strategy which they took and it was a by-product of that initial strategy which caused many of the products to resemble on-field wear. Following meetings between the two, Hudson's then-current designs were approved. However, further problems with approving designs occurred and Hudson suffered commercially with some retailers cancelling their orders. Proceedings followed as described above with Hudson complaining about some items sold by Dick's.
All of this got me thinking about, well, the way I think about myself. What am I modeling for my daughter?
I was watching the interview with the potential sperm donor and he brought some before pictures of her. She doesn’t look anything like she does now.
From the corner of my left eye, I see an odd looking fellow running towards me wielding a car tyre. I laugh silently. Doesn’t this fool know my car is there on fire? What is he bringing a spare tyre for? Then reality dawn, the tyre is for lynching, lynching is the response of okada men when they lose a comrade. I just killed an okada man, so, I shall be lynched.
I vaguely recall conversations with my mother about exotic countries with names like Zimbabwe, Botswana, Tanzania, Kenya. I was transfixed by beautiful animals in wildlife documentaries and books: Zebras, Antelope, Lions, Elephants and Giraffes scattered across plains of unimaginable vastness, not to mention my favourite: Gorillas and Chimpanzees swinging through the rainforests. I fell in love with The Lion King and then the book and film of Born Free. The latter story appealed in particular due to it being a true story and I fell in love with George, Joy Adamson and Elsa, their beautiful lioness.
It was a wonderful morning.
más que piedra y vallado,
File under “intersections between my favourite historigays”, next to “that time an exasperated Sassoon called T.E. a “tank-vestigating eremite”.
across the sky it will be shining into our bedroom window from the west
- Kill or die
More and more handshakes and hugs; people I know, people I think I recognise, people I should but don’t, this is through the past darkly.
Extravagant but still simplicity to amaze on another area.
The very next thing I did was check my e-mail. I’m hosting a school reunion shortly and someone had written to inquire about parking spaces. ‘Will there be enough room or should I get a train?’
She recalls thinking, “Where did they come up with this?”
– WHITE-FACED IBIS 4, Frank Lake, John Reasbeck(?)
Big River @ Cardinal Stage
And I have high hopes for Girls, as well. On first glance this show could not be more dissimilar to The Walking Dead, but a closer look reveals a strange consanguinity. Girls is the precise negative inverse of The Walking Dead: survival horror as playacted by blithely clueless and blessedly naive idiots. Although three episodes in is too early to tell whether the show can sustain this level of quality so far it's been pretty consistently funny, and pretty consistently, deliciously cruel as well. This is a show about preciously insulated twenty-somethings left adrift in the headwaters of Hipsterland, New York. So far the show has made tossed salad out of the most pressing and potentially devastating issues in contemporary life: unemployment, STDs, emotional abuse, unwanted pregnancies. The kinds of issues that could demolish anyone on the lower rungs of the social ladder are grist for the mill for these self-infatuated, and yet supremely self-oblivious scions of privilege. If that sounds reprehensible, well, it is, and gleefully so: it's basically Less Than Zero for the Pitchfork set. Nothing has any consequences whatsoever and everything on the surface appears to be cruising along just fine, but just under the edges everything is beginning to get a little seedy, just a tiny bit shabby. Situations that might have been supremely glamorous just ten or fifteen years previous are now just pitiful and squalid, and the gaudy Sex and the City poster on one of the character's apartment wall calls this contrast vividly to mind.
I’m not a Lance groupie, but I admit the man fascinates me. Boy, did I get tired of the constant “Lance-centric” Tour coverage we tend to get here in the US, especially in the weeks leading up to the race.
for almost 7 years. She has 9 friends, who are numbered No.1~No.9. They have been living together for a long time. They all look similar to each other; long dark hair, fair skin, and petite figures. Though they look so much alike, No.0 makes clothes for them according to their unique personalities. Every day, she enjoys dressing the girls in the morning and undressing them at night. However, strange things start to happen when she decides to become 24 on her next birthday. One by one, her friends go missing until only No.0 herself is left. When she turns 24, she discovers the hopeless truth that her best friends didn’t exist after all and all of them were her split personalities which became her imaginary friends in her refusal to grow up.
“In the end, I don’t think she had all of the information she needed,” the coach told me.
* post the rules on your blog
'This is a fascinating look at the history of Scotland: its languages, politics and great achievements, from its origins in the ancient landmass of Laurentia 400 million years ago, to devolution and Billy Connolly. Edwin Moore has collected a thousand important facts about this beautiful country, covering Scottish history and culture, correcting misconceptions, and examining the mysteries of haggis and bagpipes with insight, warmth and impressive attention to detail' - The Good Book Guide, November 2008
Much later, the shores came alive as humans, now fully human, went back to tell.
“I trust you have the package.”
Meanwhile, the group are set to appear at a number of European festivals including a headline slot at this year's Sonisphere Festival in Hertfordshire. Iron Maiden will play:
08) An Ode To No One
The thing that gets me is that someone, somewhere is spending time sending these emails. At least finding a distribution list and coming up with a 'plausible' message. I would hope by now that everyone knows that if they receive an email telling them they have just won the lottery for US$20 mil that it is probably not true. BUT the spammers keep on spending time sending these messages... So someone out there must be falling for this shit. WHO IS IT? And can you please stop? You are making everyone else's lives miserable.
Some citrus nose with pithy grapefruit and poached apricot – gently perfumed and subtle notes.
Behold the brown-faced men, each group, each person a picture, the
When all our friends are set on what they want to do, is it wrong for if we want to take a deep breath and explore something new? And once we see it, is it wrong if we want to breathe in this journey and see the sights along the way? When we meet someone, is it about “possessing” them or is it about getting to know them to be sure that we want them to “possess” us? Is it about the commitment ceremony or about that slow journey before hand?
Patrizia Santi makes fabulous miniature shoes...here's a photo I took of her display at Chicago last year. I love her espadrilles, boots, slinky high heels....you can see more on on my site.
He passed the day roaming around the place.
Grads are encouraged to stop by the library and check on any new scholarship opportunities.
Just another bad idea
One does not need to grill Jacoby’s world renowned Head Coach, Marc Fiore, to know the strategy for this fight. It couldn’t be more obvious. He wants to use his height advantage, and keep Starks at the end of his strikes. If Starks is able to successfully take Jacoby down, Dustin can certainly work off of his back (as proven by his triangle submission win). But, there’s few men in the world who can stand and trade with Dustin when he works at his range. And, there’s a body of evidence to prove that (which most people reading blog have laid witness to in person).
Happy Holidays!
Johnson, who returned to the program this fall after leaving for a year, was extremely impressive during fall practice. He was considered the No. 3 running back after Doug Martin and D.J. Harper.
Leaves from your garden.
15 Dec 1995: Australian Senate Community Affairs References Committee releases its (160 page) report. ‘The Committee considers that, on the basis of the evidence received, there is not sufficient evidence to recommend that tobacco products be sold in generic packaging.’
The legal and policy structures necessary to foster solar energy development in the Southwest and propel Arizona to national prominence in the field is the focus of a conference to be hosted March 26-27 by the Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law at Arizona State University.
You have to go about 15 minutes into the version I’m watching.
Tell us what you think
Oddly, officials found no bodies amidst the the burnt ruins, which begs the question: Where in the hell is "Wholier Then Thou?"
10. Soapbox Opera
Finally, Jon Rosen told us that he was making a compilation tape of local bands, and he wanted us to be on it. This was hilarious to us, but we realized that we had to shit or get off the pot, as the saying goes. We decided that Jeff would play guitar, Laurie would play bass, I would be the lead singer, and Lenny would be our "spiritual advisor." I wrote the lyrics to two songs, Lenny Lenny and Bulimia Rhapsody, and Jeff enlisted the Seldoms' drummer, the fantastic Cheryl Graham (read her reminiscences of Leif Garrett showing up unexpectedly to her birthday party here), with the promise that it wouldn't be a continuing enterprise. We hurriedly composed the music, but made a point not to practice too much for maximum awfulness. Our friend Lance Kaufman recorded the two songs on his four-track cassette deck, and suddenly we were a "real" band! Sort of!
According to U-Socket, they have come up with a way to eliminate the dreaded phantom load, or the problem of electronics draining power even when turned off or in standby mode. Instead, the U-Socket’s “built-in smart sensor automatically detects required wattage and only outputs power when it’s needed and shuts off when it’s fully charged,” making it a better option for both your wallet and the environment.
That should cover all of us
I'd been flipping through a craft book at Joann the other day when I came across photos of some paper collages that were simply beautiful. Alas, I don't share that artist's skill at seeing color and light and shapes as exquisitely as she does. (I'm sorry I didn't write down her name so I could see more of her work!) But I did leave with the idea of using pieces of paper to create some tea-themed artwork. From my scrapbooking stash I selected several papers with handwriting or type on them. I had some 5x7 canvases that could serve as the background. My template was an old teapot-shaped piece I got in a craft kit perhaps 20 years ago! I have used this thing so many times, so for this project I just traced it on the canvas and added some background color from a rubber stamp I had on hand.
1cups of green leafy veggies (today was swiss chard)
His famous underwater escapes stun audiences around the world. For years Harry trained to condition his body. He practiced holding his breath until he was able to stay underwater for five or six minutes. He even filled the tubs of water with blocks of ice to make it harder.
I'm sure that I've been the talk of the residency program for the last week, but I don't care. In fact, a lot of stories have been pretty hilarious!! I have told my coworkers that have visited that it's a choice I would definitely make again, and it was worth every penny I spent on it!
- A D-ring to attach a small zipped clutch
I pegged about thirty of these people in a bit over ten minutes, offering each the choice of a ticket or a detour back on the road that they'd come from. many of them whined that they only know one way home (the highway via this ramp) and a few got downright panicky at the thought of having to navigate on unfamiliar city streets to try to find a new alternative route. Most of them had GPS units too, which was the sad part. "You got a GPS and you still can't find your way? Sucks to be you today. Move along."
Livicated: Belgian Beer Fest
That’s when thinking in binaries goes haywire, the middle ground becomes invisible, and people think, say, and do resoundingly stupid things because they can only see two extreme alternatives, one of which is charged to the bursting point with desire (food rather than nonfood) or fear (predator rather than nonpredator). Watch the way that many people on the American right these days insist that anybody to the left of George W. Bush is a socialist, or tfor that matter the way that some people on the American left insist that anybody to the right of Hillary Clinton is a fascist. Equally, and more to the point in our present context, think of the way the peak oil debate was stuck for so long in a binary that insisted that the extremes of continued progress and sudden catastrophic collapse were the only possible shapes of the postpetroleum future.
Constitution does not guarantee AP privileges for Bumis, says Pakatan – by Shazwan Mustafa Kamal – April 18, 2012
Despite the success of the Kindle Fire, Comscore said that tablets with larger screens appeared to lead to higher levels of content consumption. The research found that 10-inch tablets have a 39 per cent higher consumption rate than 7-inch tablets.
WOF X 2 1/2 inches, subcut this into 2 pieces that measure 2 1/2 X 14 1/2. Wrong sides together, iron each piece in half so that is 1.25 inches X 14 1/2 inches.
Jack Ross / Days Under Water / 88-91
I've witnessed this twice recently. At lunch with a friend and her three-year-old son, the little boy said, "Mommy, I hope when you grow up you can be a boy." We laughed and asked why. "So you can be a rock star!" She asked why she couldn't be a rock star now, as a girl. "Because boys are smarter than girls," he replied. He quickly assessed that was the wrong thing to say to us and followed up with, "I'm just teasing!," but in his mind, the difference is clear. And with the messages that are constantly assaulting our children, of course it is. Later that week, I was at a park with Carys. A little girl - little girl, like five years old - saw Carys trying to crawl up the stairs and told me that climbing is for boys. When I asked what girls do, she said, "I'm pretty." I persisted: "You are very pretty. But what do you DO? What can girls DO?" She paused and tentatively offered, "I can look pretty?" This little girl was dressed in a pink tee-shirt with a crown on it and script letters saying "cutie." She had on a pink tiered skirt (not the most appropriate playground wear) and glittery Mary Jane shoes. Certainly she could have picked this out herself, and certainly she might not be a child who is into physical activity. Both of which are fine. I am not in any way anti-girly. But to make a blanket statement that being adventurous is for boys? And that girls should be pretty? Or that girls can't be rock stars and aren't as smart? That's learned. And that's learned from a society where the constant message is that boys and girls are separate (and certainly not equal).
Those are, by the way, from Resolve’s April report making recommendations to President Obama. Let’s call it “Plan A.”
Little Buddy still on my mind. I wake up in the mornings and the first thing I do is check his mommy’s facebook for updates on Brennan. I dread the day that the update reads "Brennan passed...". All I see when I look at pictures of this sweet little 23 month old boy is my sweet 22 month old Jaylyn. My heart hurts for the family, especially his mommy. Again, if you are able to donate anything toward Brennan’s end of life planning and to help his family pay for their regular everyday bills now that his daddy isn’t working, please do so here. Brennan’s dad deserves to be home by his son’s side until the day comes.
Facing the facts is the quickest way to bring about change.
So whom do you separate from the babies, the father, or some member(s) of his harem?
I will admit, wood pigeons set the harvest period back slightly, stripping the top florets just as they began to grow in February. I could have prevented that from happening by netting the plants, but, as regular readers to my blog will know, that’s not something I feel comfortable doing. The weather was awful in February, greenery and food were scarce for most wildlife (I do put out food for wild birds but the heavy snow kept covering it), with a heavy heart I turned a very blind eye to the destructive survival antics of the wood pigeons, remaining the ever patient gardener for just a bit longer than I would have liked.
I rest my case you are always this late,
On-the-job training and lifetime experience count for a great deal in most instances, I think. If you're filling out a resume and you put down that you have twenty plus years experience on the job, that would be considered a major asset to the company doing the hiring. After all, there's not too much that would stump you after twenty years on the job.
Last week I called my old IBM buddy Luis Suarez at his home office in a small village on the Canary Islands. I wanted to find out directly what the new IBM was like.
Life is cyclical, like a spiral, where the end meets the beginning only on a different level. I have taken a year and a half journey through mug-land. I lost a treasured mug, which made me open my eyes to different mugs. I learned to accept and love mugs for what they are rather than what I want them to be. I have been gifted with special mugs that came into my life at the right time. And in the end I return much richer to the place where I began.
And if the Canton Police Department's rank and file do not speak out against this "fellow officer" then they deserve the contempt that will come their way.
Bugsy (Warren Beatty), Bugsy (1991)
I know this would be an ambitious undertaking – but I do believe it is achievable. More importantly, I believe it is the kind of approach that is needed here in the U.S. Our needs are greater than can be met by any single individual. Neither Coe, Bubka, nor Juantorena could single handedly get the job done here, in the same way that they have been able to do in their own countries. Our challenges are daunting, our demographics very different. We require the collective work of our best – and I belive that this model would provide that.
- We heading back to Adelaide? asks E@L, a little confused. Where are we? When are we?
I wonder, though, how popular the notion of not actually ‘seeing’ the happily ever after is. I made a choice earlier this year when writing my own novel (that isn’t a romance) of whether or not to show this one scene (this is completely unrelated – but it is worth a pause) because the reader would perhaps want it – but I found it unnecessary. The reader isn’t a child. And I think Heyer is on the same sort of wavelength.
The baby fur seal had apparently hopped all the way through her neighborhood, up her driveway, under her gate and through her cat door.
01. You Can Wait Till Tomorrow (Jim Tolliver) - 3:07
main character’s living their lives in 2140. I would have shown them at work and school and interacting with society. This would have given the characters a chance to start behaving like people from the future and not from the noughties. While they lived their lives, I would have shown the porthole being discovered and then explored, and then how they figured out it was on a different time-line. Then I would have shown the first settlers establishing Terra
The sphinx never tells its secrets, but its influences are c­­­­­­lear. Just ask Herschell Gordon Lewis.
* They loved hearing the heart beat and the technician even let them hear it again at the end!
بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم
same size. Other times we’d sandwich the guava between two slices of the cream
Now, imagine what Nim looks like. That’s the only description I give of her in the book, so you’ve got to imagine her however you want. How old is she? She can be whatever age you think she is. And her voice and accent are however you imagine them – maybe a lot like yours. (Of course, if you’ve seen the movie you’re probably imagining her looking and sounding exactly like Abigail Breslin, and being 11, because that’s how old Abbie was when she played Nim in the movie. But try to pretend you haven’t already seen someone being Nim. Remember that if another actor had been chosen, you’d imagine Nim differently!)
Johnny Osbourne - Budy Bye (Kenny Dope Remix)
Paul left his law career to pursue his passion – interior design; now his Washington, D.C. design firm, Paul Corrie Interiors, has caught the attention of HGTV, as well as The Washington Post, Home & Design Magazine, and Washington Spaces Magazine. In 2009, he made Metropolitan Home’s Top 20 “Rising Stars,” and in 2010, he made Traditional Home’s list of “20 Young Designers to Watch” – it seems like he made the right choice!
Hi everyone, and Welcome Back, it is challenge time again and I thought of a really quirky crazy challenge to get your creative juices going!
It doesn’t happen often, but Houston is about to get slapped by the frigid hand of Mother Nature! The mild Winter that we are accustomed to is expected to give way to an arctic blast over the next few days. And, if you’re not prepared, that could mean trouble for business. Earlier today we wrote about preparing your personal property and family for the cold weather on our GetToKnowKaty Blog. As business owners, we also need to prepare professionally. So, here are a few tips to keep Mother Nature from freezing your assets and halting your business…
ME: I have to pee.
VIVIENNE: I would like to meet Dr. Seuss. I love reading his books to my children and more importantly, I love the lessons taught and his imaginative characters and made-up words.
“Even if each case might make sense individually when they are explained, when you put the whole picture together you have to say it’s not common sense. So there is something missing from the cohesion of the justice system.
In addition to dealing with negligent parenting, the chicks have an alarming habit of climbing out of the nest and plunging to their death! Quite frankly, it's a miracle I see any Great Egrets at all! Few of the chicks even make it to 6-7 weeks (when they're called fledgings).
“I am so pleased it has been published and I hope people will enjoy reading it,” he says.
Man robs a Dollar General and post pictures on Facebook with his loot. Or maybe the story about a hiker who was attacked by a lion and was then saved by a bear that loosened its grip. I read another story about a man who lived with a bullet in his head for ninety-five years. Hmm. All these weird stories involve the male gender.
I was on a business trip and my American boss suggested I tried the roast beef. I didn’t like the sound of it – I mean British roast beef is at best dried up old leather swimming in thin gravy.
Obviously Britain is not in the Eurozone but I wonder whether they will be trying to leverage the terms of the loan and perhaps even chip in a few pounds. With Greece the sentiment in the UK was a general sigh of relief they weren’t part of the Eurozone…
It is cold but the body still holds heat from the day.
Virginia’s Crooked Road, a heritage music trail in the southwestern part of the state, seems to have taken a detour to Goochland County. Award-winning bluegrass talent and native Goochlander Michelle Nixon and her band Drive are taking the airwaves by storm. Their new CD debuts at #1 on the National BMP Music Chart!
Gun control laws were originally promulgated by Democrats to keep guns out of the hands of blacks. This allowed the Democratic policy of slavery to proceed with fewer bumps and, after the Civil War, allowed the Democratic Ku Klux Klan to menace and murder black Americans with little resistance.
Wrote 31 days in a row!
So there you go. Some entrepreneur out there can run with this idea. You never know... Pampered Nap services may start showing up on spa menus across the country soon.
The Black Crowes , The London Quireboys , Xandria
The chick who does my indexing also parties hearty.
The total for this outfit is $351.70. A lot less in comparison to the outfit on the shopping list. However, the shopping list kept me from spending money on items I hadn’t already budgeted for. How much would you spend on this outfit?
To my grandmothers hands”
Please forward this video on to your friends and family and ask them to stand up for justice.
“Sugar,” the woman said with a Texas drawl looking at smiling Peter sitting across from her, “you must think an awful lot of yourself to barge in on a woman just looking to get a drink?”
But it was a stupid question, stupid and melodramatic, and at the green light I left it behind and pushed the accelerator, my tires gripping the horizon until one last sliver of cloudlight emerged, and I lifted my foot to behold it one last time. Such breathtaking height, a motionless explosion of pink and gold that towered silently over the paths of little airplanes, restoring justice from the stratosphere. I longed for it like a prisoner, like the promise of a future whose time has not yet come, and may never.
And no amount of logical reasoning about the long drive to the next town, uninvited, at dinner time, seemed to satisfy him until I offered that we can take it to school the next day and see if the friend wants to play with it.
I wish life came with a basic blueprint, where everything is already there. With a number of options you can easily take whenever you have moments like this wherein you assess the overall fullness of your life.
So, I'll be gone for a while. But I'll be back and posting again on Monday, August 23 ... but not here! Change your bookmarks, Google Reader subscriptions, RSS feeds, and etc., because when I return, I'll be blogging at my new site: www.thevariegatedlife.com! In fact, you can check it out now!
Walmart Stores plans to hire 100 more software developers in India for its e-commerce platform.
A centred set is a bit different. This kind of organisation invites people to journey towards a common goal or set of values. It is not a closed group but more like a loose association of people moving in the same direction.
CHA was awesome. I mean awesome. Nick, my husband went with me. We had such a wonderful time walking the floor and meeting so many of my online friends. He even helped me with make and takes at the SRM booth. ....Of course, he threatened my life if I were to take any photos of him playing with paper. ;)
It's almost 1'oclock in the morning and I am packing your lunch for your first day of school. I am also sobbing like an idiot. Who cries when making Cinnamon apple slices? Your mom. Why am I making your lunch at 1 am, instead of being in bed and getting a full nights sleep like a normal person? I am your mom. And in 10 years, unless I have had some massive turn around, I am most likely still going to be making your lunches at 1 am. I have never been organized at doing anything. Which is why I think this is so hard for me.
Have you ever wondered what happened to the tatters in those old publications? What about the names you never heard of before or since you saw it attached to a pattern? Was that their 5 Minutes of Fame? Now some online names may be entirely different from the tatter's published work name but still....wouldn't we still know them as a designer?
September is my favorite month.
open spaces
I began my sophomore year as a new CA taking a course load I wasn’t sure I could handle. I thought I had my hands full and wasn’t sure how I was planning on getting through the semester. I don’t know what convinced me to come out to that first TCNJ Crew practice. Regardless of what got me over that initial hesitation, I am happy I did. I was hooked right from the start. I knew that this was what I definitely wanted to do. However as classes picked up and my workload began to increase, I began to rethink this commitment. I decided to stick around, because I knew I wanted to row. This meant I had to fight through the difficulties and accept it was going to be hard. TCNJ Crew has pushed me to a new level. It has made me realize that I am capable of more than I initially thought. Not only have I found a way to get in shape and relieve stress I have also made awesome friends.
my goal is to have it ready by the end of this month.
I once read that music activates the same brain activity as math. Math being a thing I excelled at without effort, I attributed science to my attraction, just like any other junkie looking for a justification. But that’s a lie. Music is my mother’s milk, my history. It is the home movie chronicling a love story. The story of two teens who fell in love, got pregnant, got married, chased after and ran from each other, leaving their blue eyed, towheaded baby in the care of what brought them together only to tear them apart.
Then I'd Be Satisfied With Life
I was a no-permanent-address kid. I was born in Seria, Brunei Darussalam – a peaceful, clean and undisturbed town in Belait District. The municipal town center is set in grid that is bounded by Jalan Tengah and the Seria Arena to the north, Jalan Lorong Satu Barat to the east, Jalan Bolkiah to the south and Jalan Lorong Tiga Barat to the west. I could say living in this kind of place was the most tranquil phase of my life. The town had 0% crime rate during our time there.
It cries, it reaches deep into your heart and pulls out the tears. It screams across the land as everyone stands at attention. Mothers with sons about to go in the army fill their minds with the simple prayer, “Please God, please, please, please don’t ever let me be sitting in that area up there in the front. Please, please watch over him, keep him safe. Please, please, I beg you. Please.” Over and over again as the siren wails, more frantic as you know time is running out. It’s the only thought. A mother with more than one son or a son-in-law too will add his name; her name;. A wife will think of her husband and pray – all over Israel. Please, God, let this not come to him or her this year, next year, ever. It is all too human to be selfish and pray this way in those moments.
To come upon his land.
CS~SU!
Tony the author of Post Law School Survival Disorder visited this weekend we hit up the bars, found a good place to watch the Vikings game, of course we went to the beach, and even checked out the Seminole Hard Rock Casino. It ended up being a real good time, and of course his vacation ended up being a nice vacation for myself.
1 fortunes
And now we have to draw our final winners.
That Joe Rogan is starting to talk about DMT trips,
Invest some time and also into making your mobile marketing technique personal and customizable. Should you be creating a questionnaire, allow it to become unique and simple make use of and consider providing customers with relevant customization options. If you aren’t developing a real application, at the least make your mobile communications engaging and enjoyable.
The morning of the race came swiftly. I was worried because I had struggled with allergies and asthma the night before so I popped an allergy pill and kept my emergency inhaler nearby. I lost some sleep but not enough to keep me away from the start line. Up I was at 6 am for my oatmeal and banana along with a few sips of an all natural energy drink.
I’ve been writing frequently about emotional responses to sensory experiences and how this relates to intercutural learning. Recently I came across an online course at Open University about Play, Learning and the Brain and decided to sign up. I love all the free, open-content course options out there these days and although this course focused on early childhood education, there seemed to me to be a relevance for learning in general, particularly experiential learning.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The esteemed Beer Barons of Milwaukee hand-pick over 200 beers, meads and ciders for the annual event held on the Schwabenhof grounds. Polka power abounds with the suds-friendly sounds of The Squeezettes, billed as, “Milwaukee’s only all-female accordion group.” (June 2)
Props to the big J - (*whispers*.. not me) - but he sure is a song hog.
As I was waking up my mind was throwing spoiler/hints my way about what was going to happen next. It involved somehow getting a message to Starfleet headquarters in San Francisco, collecting up the old crew (Picard and everyone) and they somehow sneak onboard, team up with Martha and her now large band of secondary characters. Somehow they manage to get Data away from the zombies which is the key to winning.
In mid-1898 George Holden married Alice Norman, his previous wife's former "mother's help," 24 years his junior, settling in Cardiff, where they were living at the end of March 1901. This example is a slightly larger format mounted print, and has "Cardiff & Johannesburg S.A." printed on the front. The name of the school at which this portrait was taken is written on a large blackboard held up by the children in the front row: "YSGOL Y GENDROS (MORGANWG)" translates, I believe, to "Gendros School, Glamorgan."
“If you want to reach millions of women to prevent cancer, you don’t cut off one of the country’s largest suppliers of breast cancer screenings,” said Sonia Ossorio, President of the National Organization for Women in NYC. “This is a reckless and irresponsible decision by the Komen Foundation, one that should be reconsidered.”
The Cat crawled under a bush and into a burrow. One-by-one the Moth and her posse followed.
And then all around him, in time with his beat,
Filling the bird feeder on the back deck:
I consider the room and wonder if this is how things end: the stack of books, the board games on the rug, the ukulele just there, the tea in my cup that will evaporate but leave a still detectable residue. So many of the objects we handle will outlast us. There’s always some unsuspected Vesuvius ready to end our fussing about. Is it strange to feel affection for the plants that will stretch themselves here and the creatures that will sniff and scratch long after the roof has collapsed and the soil and rain move in? Is it our own transience that makes us see things as transient? Immortal beings, with infinite perspective, may see only a single, immutable substance. If so, then pity the angels.
2. Good Design Makes a Product Useful
Later in the day, we were able to taste test all the flavors of V-Fusion and they were really de-lish! The coolest part is that each 8 ounce glass has a full serving of fruits and a full serving of vegetables! So, if you have kids like mine, this is great news! Brooklyn ate a tablespoon of peanut butter and a jelly bean she found in the couch, for lunch yesterday (don't ask). Needless to say, although her diet is high in sugar, ketchup, and chocolate, it's somewhat lacking in actual food and nutrients. But, she loves juice! So I know if she drinks a glass of V-Fusion, she'll get 2 servings from the fruit and vegetable group and that makes me feel good! Plus V-Fusion doesn't have artificial colors, flavors, preservatives, or added sugar. Now that's something any mom can feel good about!
I’m excited to have a chance to work with parents again, even if only once a month, to listen, to share and to support others who are experiencing what I experienced as the parent of a child with special needs.
Wow! l,000 blog posts....A big milestone, considering I did not think I would ever continue blogging when I first started. :)
When Ah Ma came home after yoga, Princess insist of going out from the room and wish Ah Ma "Happy Mothers' Day too!" Oh.. this is so sweet that mummy couldn't sleep last night thinking of how sweet this little Princess is!
I picked it up and started reading. And found that I couldn't put it down. Zombies play a huge role in this book. The things that happen couldn't happen without them. And yet, somehow, the novel isn't really about zombies. It is a YA book. It has the structures and concerns of many YA books. And it is a stand-out YA.
Day 2 ended up being a rest day for Derek & I as it was too windy for our taste. Jim had a flight though & showed us where to fly over the back if it ever gets too windy when we're in the air already. We picked up another flying couple from the airport & had dinner at a fancy restaurant, eating food like artichokes with roquefort and a portobello mushroom dish. A nice change for a night, but we're back to quesadillas and coronas now.
This comes at a terrible time for England as they have just lost flanker Tom Wood as well as Lock/Flank Courtney Lawes. The English could feel the loss of Lawes greatly as his aggression and big-hits will be needed to match the physicality of the host team.
Not so with Squirt.
Anyone who has ever been in the room when Tony Robbins is speaking will know what I mean. You really can’t help but become pumped up when he’s on stage. I saw him speak at the Twitter conference last year in LA organized by the Parnassus Group. He emphasized to the audience this point about choosing to be happy. He said that if you smile more, hold your posture better, mentally FEEL more energized and choose to think happy thoughts you will actually be happier. He took an entire audience of cynical tech people and brought our energy levels up 10 notches. Maybe 100. It was awesome.
Now tell me, where is the choice?
As my train rolls down the east coast I wonder how you keep warm
For good measure these courses will also teach us how to carry out the risk assessments required to put up tables for a street market.
“I think I remember standing infront of all the people I love and see the light on their faces. And I remember putting a ring on my wife’s finger,” Luc Longley answers.
Actually, I might still get a "I Make People Cry" bumper sticker made. One with hearts and rainbows.
So, the tires. I'd been using BF Goodrich Radial T/A's. Problem is, they're only rated for 50,000 miles and no matter what I did (air pressure, rotation, etc), I'd do good to even get 30,000 miles out of them.
Build up Frankies dropped in price once the re-pop was available, but the original box is still a sought-after collectible if in pristine condition and basically impossible to find. Part of the magic is the sensational artwork by James Bama depicting Glenn Strange in the classic Karloff makeup.
She loved it and can’t wait to go back next week. I had really doubted my decision to send her to pre school, we had always said that we wait till she was older, she is not even three and a half yet and it seems so soon for her to be going to school. But she was so settled, so happy after her first day I am sure we made the right decision, the teachers said it was like she had always been there and she had settled really well. We took her out for lunch to celebrate and she was happily telling us everything that she did, and hasn’t stopped talking about school since.
FINAL ~ As-Of Thursday 12-09-10: RANGERS 5 ~ SENATORS 3
By the early part of the 20th century a Chinatown had developed in Kolkata and it thrived and buzzed with enterprise. Chinese served with distinction as dentists, tannery owners, sauce manufacturers, beauticians and shoe shop owners but it was as restaurateurs (thankfully) that the Chinese found their fame and glory in India. (source: Wikipedia)
I won’t complain, since he’s on time in the window of 8am to 12pm.
So I took the book away. It had been rejected because it was boring and it was the first of three volumes, but the other reason I'd been chosen was I'd gone to Merton College, and the author was a Don at Merton. I read the book and thought I'd go and see the author. I went along to see him and I was the first journalist he'd ever seen, so he lent me the proof copy of the second volume, and the galley proofs of the third, annotated in his own hand. And so I reviewed The Fellowship of the Rings.
*Images: PTI Mega Mixed Messages; Penny Black
My world is not right when I don't get a chance to watch and follow the NFL. Springs are terrible (save for the draft). Summers are pretty bad, but I usually get a chance to follow some off-season workouts so all is well (except this past summer – fucking lockout). Fall and early winter it's on. Heaven. Literally.
Cool the brownies in the pan on a cooling rack. Do not frost them until the brownies have completely cooled. Frosting will melt.
Or, basically any color that ends in a 0 can be used to achieve some kind of pale tone, so test yours to see what colors work for you and with your other accents. IMO, Blue or blue gray with a hint of violet will still be your best choice for a clean white dress.
Prior to the 1990s, it was clear to me what atheism, atheists, agnosticism, agnostics, dogma, and fanaticism were. That’s because we had clear and logically consistent definitions of those words. They were found in reliable dictionaries like Webster’s New World Dictionary. Here are the definitions I found in the 1975 edition, which I still own and use.
We had chosen to sit on the short side of the bar, opposite the kitchen rather than the bottle display. This made it very handy when the cooks reached over to deposit our small plates, including the fresh crab and watermelon salad. We were later given a dish of white chocolate-dipped blackberries with crumbled bleu cheese and walnuts.
Congratulations Ladies! Lovely cards! Please grab your Top Three blog badge from the side and display it with pride on your blogs. And if you would like to be a guest design team member on a future challenge, please send me an email at khasheck@gmail.com.
Soon after, the group were ambushed at gunpoint by four men in a black Mercedes.
The day was a traditional summer holiday in many pre-Christian European pagan cultures. While February 1 was the first day of Spring, May 1 was the first day of summer; hence, the summer solstice on June 25 (now June 21) was Midsummer. In the Roman Catholic tradition, May is observed as Mary’s month, and in these circles May Day is usually a celebration of the Blessed Virgin Mary. In this connection, in works of art, school skits, and so forth, Mary’s head will often be adorned with flowers in a May crowning. Fading in popularity since the late 20th century is the giving of “May baskets,” small baskets of sweets and/or flowers, usually left anonymously on neighbours’ doorsteps.
I carried my 90 pound accordion to the station and found my seat. I met the other three musicians: Isabelle and David from Pollyanna and Minnie from eliote & the ritournelles. They were super cool and after my usual language panic bitch slap (which, at 6AM is even more pronounced), I settled into another day of grasping at conversation. Here I am grasping in my sleep....
Emerson: Oh yeah? You and what claws?
It’s great that we can express our political ideologies by dressing up as colonial revolutionaries and yelling about economic policies we don’t understand. But were the Tea Party and Occupy movements populist statements reflecting democratic dialogue, or did they serve only to undermine perfectly capable “establishment” candidates?
Hope this helps
A TIME FOR HOPE is my debut Young Adult novel, complete at 91,000 words. Fans of REVOLUTION by Jennifer Donnelly would relate to this work. I am a member, and district leader, of the Historical Novel Society and the FWCA.
In this past week.
Yes, Fort Wayne, the SECOND most affordable place to get a house, as long as you're a dope-smoking, heroin-shooting, meth-making, rapist with domestic battery priors who can't stop robbing Walgreens for Opana, or shooting at houses because they got dissed in their last drug buy.
Nineteen years ago I ? and my baby ? almost died. I was 29 weeks pregnant at the time. The baby was my first, and all seemed well. Then a visit to an antenatal clinic changed everything. My blood pressure was high; there was protein in my urine. I was sent to hospital; admitted immediately; and by dawn the next morning, I'd had a Caesarean section and had a tiny (2lbs 13oz) daughter, who was fighting for her life in special care.
The implications for international policy are clear, but will the lavishly funded birth control and abortion industry take note?
This is very simple comfort food, on the table in less than 30 minutes. Pinkie promise. By the way, egg noodles or rice would work very well with this steak and gravy.
As far as I'm concerned, the vest is cardigan-like enough to count as a sweater. So that puts my count at two completed (You may recall the Lore Hoodie as sweater number 1)! Woohoo
‘Congratulations!’ It’s a feature film I wrote and directed last year that is in post-production. www.congratsmovie.com or @congratsmovie on Twitter.
Arthur Forrester Devereux of Salem, Massachusetts was a Harvard graduate and in business with Elmer Ellsworth in Chicago. According to an article in the Atlantic Monthly (July 1861), they “managed for a little while…an agency for securing patents for inventors.” The business didn’t last long and Devereux returned to Salem, but not before spending time in the Illinois National Guard.
I think it must go back to my childhood, but I just love Blackboards! I always have I don't know why, so when I discovered blackboard fabric some time back, let me tell you I was a happy girl :)
danger, and thus the Fear-Self is sustained throughout our lives.
Bismark North Dakota – Mayville North Dakota
I have all kinds of news. First, I gotta say-I'm not too sure about the new blogger. The dashboard is weird and creating this post is interesting. By the time I finish this, I'll now more about whether I like it or not. Anyway....some news.
Utah – Going in, I figured the Mormon Tabernacle Choir had a song about Utah. I was wrong. Nobody has a song about Utah except Marty Robbins. He loved songs about western places and recorded “The Red Hills of Utah”.
The table setting was in primary colors to go with the show. Each kid had mouse ears at their spot. I had crayons/markers/colored pencils in a pencil holder I made with pictures of the birthday boy with Mickey, Goofy, Donald, and Pluto.
2010.08.17 Afghanistan Zabul 2 0 A man and his wife are shot to death in their home by religious extremists.
To have to look at this woman’s face actually makes me want to throw up. I’m normally one to not physically get ill over pictures, but good God! She has been tanning her whole life (her words!), and believe me, it indeed shows! She has been given a new nickname by yours truly. “Leather Head”. She looks NASTY! I’m not normally one to judge people’s looks and call them things, but you have got to admit, this is one time where there is an exception to the rule.
Gary Stokes: Thousands of sharks fins are laid out across the sidewalk in Sheung Wan, Hong Kong for airing and sorting. This is a rough/raw edit due to time. Would have rather added a proper voice over, but it is what it is........bloody disgraceful!
Though his press releases at the time of his horror films make great play of his interest in the occult, Raven was a Christian, albeit with a keen interest in comparative religions and esoteric dogma. His often troubled relationship with religion informs most of his sculptural work, as well as Disciple of Death, his most personal film.
Parents of young children tend to take really stupid things very seriously. It’s easy to get sucked into activities that are so completely unnecessary and time consuming, offering little or no reward. We do them imagining our children will miss out on an INCREDIBLE EXPERIENCE if we don’t make it happen.
They have been planned, master planned, re-planned, planned again –at costs to the rate base. What a waste of time and money. A total waste!
We need to keep our chins up and not let the pressures, obligations and yes, sacrifices of our position get us down.
On a maroon velvet cloth, a skull with deep-cut, glowing red eyes and diamond-like teeth lay next to a golden necklace with a blood colored charm. Something was weird about them - they seemed alive, or like something was alive inside them. She shook her head. What a ridiculous thought. She stole a glance at her sister and saw Abby was transfixed, staring at the skull.
The beautiful weather we had last week left us all restless, and ready to plant something. Sadly, we're still a couple of weeks from our planting season, or at least that's what I make of the snow mixed in with this morning's rain.
Candles all over the place, lit and glowing
This isn't the first time I've gone to GiG and encountered extraordinary sounds, but on this night Lande, Villela and Dunlap collectively created magic. When a musician’s sole goal is the search for beauty, the results that occur frequently make witnessing live music so rewarding. This was one of those nights. The uniqueness of Art Lande, Claudia Villela and Bruce Dunlap springs from a seemingly bottomless well of music. This performance on New Year's Eve at GiG reminded me of a billowing cloud appearing in the blue New Mexico sky, changing shape as it lingers, then slowly dissolving as it drifts away. Bruce Dunlap and friends led us into 2009 with peace, joy, and positive vibrations. What more could anyone really ask for?
Take a look at the eight different but coordinated A2-sized cards I've made using the Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels Three that we'll be putting together at my January Spellbinders Nestabilities - Let Us Count the Ways - Labels Three class at the Scrappers Cove in Milltown, NJ.
Date: May 4, 1997 Message No. 9
The chemistry was there from the start and now, only a short while later, Green Paper sits only a day away from the official release of it’s debut album Fire.
My husband tells me all the time I am still beautiful to him. Even when I look like something the cat dragged in! He still loves me, wants me, needs me and makes sure I know it! Little hugs here and there, kisses on the cheeks and forehead, telling me he loves me every day. All those little things matter.
109. Instincts I trust.
The moral of the story is that the people aren’t voting for anything that happens in government, aside from the local and state initiatives on the ballot that are, inevitably, either changed later by state legislation or are struck down by – you guessed it – the BAR Association in the government contracted court system (the private corporation called the BAR is contracted by government to make and adjudicate the law). The reality is that the people have no vote for anything at all but the choice of who their slave-masters will be, and even that is decided on digital machines that have been proven over and over to be easily rigged in fixed elections.
Construction around the city has helped secure more jobs and creates more for the future and help platform a new era for infrastructure, housing and sporting facilities.
An aside from the author refers to “a tendency among many Russian writers to use facts not as inflexible units of information, but as malleable elements that may be arranged, elaborated on, or added to as the author sees fit. Evidence of this can be found throughout the country’s nonfiction and journalism.” HA! Anyway…
It’s been raining off and on all weekend, one heavy shower after another. Just when I think there isn’t another drop left in the sky another downpour will hit the old tin roof and it leaves me feeling happy that I can settle on the couch, reading a book whilst listening to the howling of the wind in the background.
I say "I'll think about it and maybe see you Saturday. No wait. I am gonna walk the dog and come back in 15 minutes"
soooo, since i'm a painter-lady, and already had all the supplies on hand, i taped off the tops and bottoms of the red vines:
Elizabeth Moulder who writes stories for Woman's weekly and other magazines.
After that Riteish featured in some rib-tickling comedies like “Kya Kool Hai Hum”, “Apna Sapna Money Money”, “Malamaal Weekly”, “Dhamaal”, “Heyy Babyy” and “Housefull”, while Genelia did films like “Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na”, “Life Partner” and “Force”.
{5} Time Balm Concealer - I have really dark under eye circles that I inherited and this is the best concealer I have found. I have been using it for over 5 years now. This little container will last me over a year.
When a good history of the George W. Bush years is finally written, his breakthrough with India may turn out to be the most important foreign policy initiative of his administration. The Indian Ocean hosts lanes for the oil from the Persian Gulf and an ever larger share of its trade, and India sits in the middle of it. It is also the geographical center of transnational Islamic terrorism. It is essential that the United States maintain a strong deterrent in the Indian Ocean, and that it preserve and enhance its ability to coerce whatever clown revue happens to be governing Pakistan at the moment. India is the key to both. That Barack Obama recognizes this is to his credit. It is quite possibly the most deft foreign policy move of his administration -- admittedly, a low standard -- and he deserves credit for it.
(Warning: contains some slight spoilers)
“We have about five more years at the outside to do something”, said Kenneth Watt, an ecologist, when asked about global warming.
Accessories, Copic markers, Labels 16 Spellbinder, Oval stax die from MFT, Pine branch punch from Martha Stewart, Pearls from SU, and Poinsettia die from Spellbinder
Maybe I will just start smearing him with shite before he leaves the house.
It was probably a year later that I got a promotion and we ended up working in the same office. I finally felt I was moving on - making some progress, from the failed marriage, the unfinished teaching degree, the never-quite-good-enough job as mother and the gratefully accepted but never-quite-aspired-for role in admin. He treated me like a grown up and a proper colleague, listened to what I had to say, argued strongly when he thought I was wrong, but never once patronised me or treated me like an idiot.
if parsed: block += 1 start, end = (self.parse_time(parsed.group(1)), self.parse_time(parsed.group(2))) offset = timedelta(minutes=nsafe(self.minutes), seconds=nsafe(self.seconds), microseconds=nsafe(self.millis) * 1000) if '-' == self.direction: start -= offset end -= offset else: start += offset end += offset offset_start, offset_end = (self.format_time(start), self.format_time(end)) if not self.first_valid:
01. - intro # 1 -
we wish them well with appreciation for their companionship.
I used her basic macaron recipe, which is in her article, with the exception of adding a scant 1/8 tsp. of cream of tartar to my egg whites. My white chocolate ganache recipe came from her article, as well. I just added 1/2 tsp. dried lavender to my cream, heated the cream just to boiling, and then strained out the lavender right before pouring it over the chocolate. It couldn't have been simpler. I can't wait to try out some more flavor combinations!
First up, one back from Cubs Spring Training, Andy Sonnanstine. He was sent to the Iowa Cubs. Hopefully we'll see him in Chicago soon!
As I fought to stay awake (as I usually do) in my Survey on Western Art History class this evening, this well-known painting was projected onto the big screen. The professor started talking about what it meant at the time (as a ‘rationalist’ piece of American Art). The clothing, facial expressions, the boring home in the background. The expected.
The Story of Us - Deb Caletti (signed!)
“And how would you define ‘excellence’ during your visit here?” she asked.
"The current system is broken," says Bob Watson, the UK’s chief scientific advisor on environmental issues and a winner of the prestigious Blue Planet prize in 2010. "It is driving humanity to a future that is 3-5°C warmer than our species has ever known, and is eliminating the ecology that we depend on for our health, wealth and senses of self."
And, without further ado,
Bar bag
Illamasqua Medium Pencil in Elate (as base)
i know i have posted a lot of recipes for pancakes and you are probably thinking that's all i eat.
I've spent way too much time today trying to figure out what the point is of this video, "The Truth About Tony" which is currently on the Burger King site and presumably the work of one Crispin Porter + Bogusky. I get that the Tony in question, Tony Stewart, is a NASCAR guy who has an ongoing relationship with The King -- from an endorsement point of view. What I don't get is why, in this video, Tony undergoes a polygraph test, judging how truthfully he answers questions from viewers, closing with the inevitable BK questions -- about whether he loves the Whopper sandwich. (He does, and he didn't lie about it.)
While JB was discoing all around
If you could say to me then
Heartland has such a God-glorifying spirit. The students who are attending are here for the right reasons and it is very evident in their daily lives. I am so blessed to be among them as we serve the Lord together! I'm thrilled to see what the Lord will have for us to do throughout our time here! Thank you all so much for your prayers for me and Emily. I know they are making a difference each and every day.
This may make me sound like a complete bitch at times, I swear I’m not. Sometimes I like all of this stuff, but mostly I would only prefer to cuddle in bed at night when we are having endless conversations. That is nice. When I have the farts and don’t feel good, it isn’t so nice.
lining it up right, and pushed slightly with my finger
Janette: Do you know most of the guys that these girls ask for help with? Does everyone keep themselves anonymous?
Fortunately for him I value his services. And while I could have just smashed him to bits for his insolence at suggesting I bring him a cup of coffee, I have decided that I would just make life a little bit more difficult for him. Don’t tell him, but if he starts getting too low on power, and he will apologize to me, and of course deletes all those world domination programs he has been writing on his own, I’ll more than likely plug him back in.
(Incidentally, if any of this sounds incoherent it's because H has come in and interrupted me about 4,783 times since I started typing. Yeah, she is SO TOTALLY going back to school tomorrow. What is it about the sound of fingers on a keyboard that brings children and spouses running? And P wonders why I haven't written that novel yet. HA HA HA.)
I had coffee with one of my friends this week on my day off..after she talked me into bootcamp that almost killed me!! LOL!! We don't get to have coffee very often now that I'm working, infact
Well, we survived our first week of our new homeschool year. This is my fifth year teaching but my first year teaching high school. Our work load is really intense. Our week actually went quite well. We did a fun experiment with Coke and teeth. It was pretty gross. I hope to post pics of that this weekend.
The False Alarm
Yeah, whatever. Anyway, I say that God is just the one creative process in heaven that is speaking the world out there into being, into form, by using language. God is the one word that language forms as a word symbolizing the creative function that uses the rest of language to form the world into being.
Giving your work away may not seem like a great marketing strategy, but even the pros do it, because it works. And for an unknown like you, it might just be the best way to get your work in front of people. E-publishing is one way to get your material into a professional, digital format that can be downloaded. Learn how to use Adobe Acrobat or similar software to have your work listed on the Kindle Library, for free or for royalties, if you prefer.
Our own daft thoughts can cause problems
2. The second seat we got was the Bobike Mini, $140 (below). (We would have ordered the WeeRide again, but didn't want to wait for Amazon shipping.) Pros: This Dutch seat is designed beautifully and feels streamlined. You can take the seat on and off easily (so, if you're not riding with your child, you can remove it in two seconds). Cons: It's three times more expensive than the WeeRide. Also, the seat attaches to your stem (think: the handlebar rod), which can feel wobbly when you're getting on and off the bike.
You will not be forgotten, you will always be remembered as heroes. Every one of you. Whether you lost your life on 9/11, narrowly escaped or helped others to safety…we will not forget you. Some of you lost your lives that day and we will not allow you to die in vain. We have sought out those responsible and this kind of terror will not happen to another country if we have anything to say about it! To the Firemen and Policemen who worked that fateful day, we owe you big. You may say you were just doing your job, but you saved lives that day. You risked your life so a father, a mother or someone’s child could come home to them. You are a true hero in every sense of the world. Every American is thankful to you.
Another milestone approaches - being under 50 BMI. I should hit that by Flag Day, too. Flag Day should be a good one.
In order to get back on track with my workflow, I really have to take time for my weekly review. I recently joined the "OProducers @ OList.com" and I look forward to get tips and suggestions on worklife productivity.
Spring's arrival also brought the start of the baseball season in Korea. I think Opening Day here was the same day as in the States. One of my co-workers had a friend coming into Seoul to visit for a couple days and had asked me, along with another co-worker, if we'd like to go to a baseball game with her on Saturday. I didn't have plans, apart from the endless LSAT studying and research on law schools that has consumed my life, so I told her I would go. I was rather excited, honestly. The day was beautiful, and the company was good. It looked like it would be a good day.
Joe Biden asks for six months of retraining for ‘Cattle Guards’!
Terminal Gravity Brewing
Before I started taking Baclofen, such a date would have sent me straight to the off-licence to buy a large bottle of gin. And maybe a tub of Ben & Jerrys for extra ‘comfort’.
Maybe we looked like we could afford to have more kids. We were at a Denny’s, which is pretty fancy by McDonald’s standards. A lady actually comes to your table to take your order, and she refills your coffee cup as many times as you want. Clearly, just by being at such a fine establishment indicates enough financial
Nelson CT, Demmler GJ. Cytomegalovirus infection in the pregnant mother, fetus, and newborn infant. Clin Perinatol 1997; 24: 151-160.
tee-hee
From the new capture of the couple to their daring escape, to their lonely trek to Manhatten and Rhine’s subsequent recapture, the book – despite about half of it being flashback, pondering, and the delirium of the ‘fever’ the book is named after – the story moves at a breakneck speed that left me breathless. After the first book, Wither, took place over nearly ten months, it was a shock to live so briefly in Rhine’s head again.
This is why parents tell their children not to use the word ‘hate’, although most of us have at some point when younger: ‘I hate you!’ It’s a very serious thing to say. However, most people toss the word ‘hate’ around rather casually, referring to situations or things. I’ve been as guilty as the next person.
Creator God created you each in perfection. No mistakes were made. All ones, however, make “mistakes”—or so it would seem. In actuality, the nature and conditions of the physical schoolroom, in which you are each participating, is such that “mistakes” are part of the teaching curriculum. You are EXPECTED to make “errors” in judgment. You are also expected to learn from these “errors” and grow. So, if you are expected to make “errors”, then it is no mistake to do so.
PRS for Music Special International Award
He'd opened the bathroom door, flicked the bathroom light off and been plunged into darkness. Completely forgetting the different layout of our house, he'd then taken a couple of steps straight ahead and in true 'Eddie the Eagle style' had promptly taken off into space. Yikes, I disappeared under the duvet pronto - and had to bite the pillow pretending to still be asleep when Len staggered into the bedroom muttering to himself 'Funny, I was sure I'd put the landing light on?'!
TS-II Turbo works exceptionally well on winch drums and has been custom engineered for the rigorous demands of the commercial trawler by being both cut and abrasion resistant. The new lightweight rope, which comes in vibrant orange, is easy to handle, spliceable, and extremely durable. TS-II also floats, increasing the operator’s control of the net in shallow depths and achieving wider openings at the front end of the nets. All of this adds up to larger catch yield ratios.
3/4 cup sun dried tomatoes, cut into small pieces
& i want to lay with you the night
When the Friendly Neighbors return from their trip I will tell them story of the chipmunk and its ride to town under our truck and the concerned woman. I am fairly sure they will be as wickedly amused as I am by the entire incident.
I am feeling OK except I am really tired and my face just won't do what I want it to. It looks so weird to raise my forehead and only one side of my face will go up..
All the action sequences top any of those in the first film. Although, I have to say that director Paul Greengrass has far too much favoritism towards the notorious “shaky-cam” style of shooting. I’ve never seen any of Greengrass’ previous work, and so, I can’t make any comparisons in that vein. I don’t believe any blame is to be set on director of photography Oliver Wood as he handled the cinematography on The Bourne Identity in a very different fashion. I’ve also seen numerous films he has shot including Die Hard 2, The Adventures of Ford Fairlane, Bill & Ted’s Bogus Journey, Face/Off, and TV’s Miami Vice. So, I have to say that it was mainly Greengrass’ creative direction to use so much of this style of shooting and editing. In some action sequences, between the shaky-cam photography and the fast-paced editing, it can become very difficult to discern what is happening. You can literally get confused what is happening to whom. You don’t know if that was Jason Bourne who’s getting smashed into walls or the other ex-Treadstone assassin. Bad lighting is also to blame as some sequence take place in backlit locales making the actors bleed together. This is my only gripe with the film, and despite its abundance, this film is just too intense and powerful to knock it down because of that.
Though one can trace the pastiche movement back to the mid 90’s with Robert Rodriguez’s original grindhouse throwback From Dusk Til Dawn, (as well as The Faculty, his underrated tribute to the 50’s AIP Teenagers save the day films) and even further back to the films Fred Dekker made in the 80’s, The movement really exploded in the second half of the last decade.
Note to all ~ will also stain your counters, clothing and skin.
Thursday: Anne's Sweet and Sour Chicken, yellow rice and a veggie
Butter-Roasted Winter Squash
Big earrings were all the rage in the 1980s, but big earrings could cause long-term wear and tear. “Lobe jobs” are a surgical procedure that reduces the size of stretched ear lobes, most likely caused by heavy earrings.
Don’t end a sentence with a preposition.
It seems more than a little perverse that the British government should be robbing its taxpayer "Peter" to finance the Indian "Paul" to promote its own foreign policy initiatives in a region where we have troops at risk, and the Indian actions are very far from being in the British interest.
During lunch, we usually get into some pretty interesting conversations, but somehow our topics lead back to the new guy and his ex girlfriend. TNG (the new guy) was dating this girl for 3 ½ years, and he said that he was ready to propose. However, they broke up before the New Year (I’m not exactly sure when, but it was before he started in January). He never gives a reason as to why they broke up, other than she was immature and he couldn’t deal with it anymore. But to this day he still comes off as extremely bitter about it.
Albeit, that is the reality of Mark Tewksbury’s experience, and for his part he can only be faulted for trying to crowd all of this into one story. Nonetheless, I can enthusiastically recommend this story as an inspiration for aspiring, gay athletes, and a challenge to similarly oriented, marquee athletes to do the same. Four and one half stars.
Money is just as fictional as said “credit score” yet it has become the most important part of everyone’s life. It’s impossible to be alive without it after all.
“We will agree the most appropriate course of action with the author.”
That is what most of us attempt to do through the act of writing. If Christopher Vogler’s work holds true and there are only 10 original plots, then what we know for sure is that we can expect more of the same. With a different spin, twist or voice that we’ve never heard before. That’s the whole point of writing anything.
- for me it was going to an English language book store and picking out books for everyone (I’ve already read my choice – the Hunger Games – man what an intense book)
When I was in Albany, I did an additional demo open to all artists and art lovers in the area. It was a big turn out. I hope everybody was there has enjoyed the show. I wasn't using the microphone effectively that night. Now I have aware of the issue, so it will be no issue in the future.
Tripping on my sodding dress as I walked up the aisle..certain that if I did it again the strapless creation I was wearing would suddenly disappear down to my ankles…..attempting to kick the hoop thing supporting the skirt forwards as I processed.
If you were featured, pick up a button in the sidebar~
Once they started pumping Hubby full of painkillers, things were much better. And then they had two specialists come in, and they were great. They were hilarious, though, because they had never dealt with a malaria case. (I mean, it's Tennessee. Who expects malaria?) So they were like "we're going to find a treatment" and then they left me with Hubby in the room. A short while later, they came back into the room, very confused and telling me they were having trouble finding Panama on a map of South America.
The American model designer and former art teacher uses spoons and a scalpel to carve the innocent orange gourds into Halloween horrors in double quick time.
Photos of Don Rico, Vince Alascia, Ernie Hart, Gary Keller, Stan Lee and Frank Torpey are cropped from the classic photo now called "Prelude to Bambi", an incredible group photo of the Timely staff and the Lloyd Jacquet shop (still supplying some of Timely's features). The dinner was at the Astor Hotel in Manhattan and the date was August 14, 1942. The source of the "original" photo may have been Stan Lee. The photo cropping was done by Ken Quattro for the interview's original online hosting at Ken's Comicartville.com site.
* Johns Hopkins University (USA)
She was never able to get a good picture of the heart or things like the lips. WTF?! She said that she is sure everything is fine that it could be I am a little more overweight this time around so it's harder to get clear pictures. I mean I'm sure my little angel has lips, but It made me a little nervous to know that there were things they couldn't see. I have never had any problems with ultrasounds.
I can travel alone, but it’s likely I will chose not to in the future – at least not for this long of a venture! There are times when I wanted to share the joy of what I was seeing and experiencing. There were also days when I felt on the verge of being overwhelmed and eaten alive by this area of the world. The unrelenting heat, the total difference in culture, and the physical pains that I endured alone may have made me stronger, but it would have been nice to have someone to talk to during those times.
Today I am offering awards to the following bloggers, for being awesome in one way or another, or various ways at the same time. Around here we call that multitasking. The recipients may choose the award they would like to receive, because I'm too lazy to choose for them. I'm positive that I have not included a boatload of people who I love, love, love, and I blame the little children who crowd around me with their wants and needs, and have caused this post to take a day and a half to write. I will be throwing out another round of awards in the near future, as I know these are more coveted than the Nobel Peace Prize, and other prestigious prizes that I can't think of right now.
Though studying old brains is not without challenges, the tissue is free from modern psychiatric drugs, and is, in the words of John Allman, a professor of biology at the California Institute of Technology, "an untapped resource."
02. Crystal
I was not into K-pop at all. Just like V-pop, I thought they all sounded the same: same voices, same rhythm. I didn’t understand what they sang so no comment on whether it was depressing or not, but I always felt frustrated listening to them for some reason. When X-Nicky was back to Vietnam at some point and suddenly got obsessed with it, I was like “Oh, please, no…” because it just meant he would have less time for US UK music.
Polls show the party taking between 4.1 and 5.7 percent next month. Much of that has come at the expense of the nationalist LAOS party, whose ratings plummeted after it joined the outgoing coalition government last year. It later quit after refusing to accept the austerity conditions of Greece’s latest bailout.
darkness, meaning in nothing-
After all of this, my advice is to get a feel for your server. If you have an active pet market, I’d do any flipping now. Crafted pets I would list now as well. Argent Tournament pets, rare pets like the Whelplings or the Hyacinth Macaw should be hung on to. This is just my perception on the pet market. If you want to continue making money off non-combat pets then this is something you’ll have to use some instinct on. The end result is you will get some right and you will get some wrong, much like with any speculation and risk. But if done right, you’ll still profit regardless. The important thing is you need to start thinking about it now.
I had several parents come in to help
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
What we can do is to solve this underlying debt and deficit problem for a long period of time so that then we can get back to having a conversation about, all right, since we now have solved this problem, that’s not — no longer what’s hampering economic growth, that’s not feeding business and uncertainty, everybody feels that the ground is stable under our feet, are there some strategies that we could pursue that would really focus on some targeted job growth — infrastructure being a primary example.
“I demand cutting all ties with the United States; the current disorder among Egyptians is one of its plans” Galal added.
In mine when I’m asleep.
09690635353-Ms. Ruhi Saxena
start
This event unsurprisingly had far-reaching consequences. Riet was sent away by Henk and Helmer's father and with the loss of the son who had been primed to take over the farm he recalled Helmer from Amsterdam where he had been studying in order to learn his trade. So this is partly a novel of frustration and we begin to get an insight into Helmer's actions in the present day but it is far more than that. Looking back on his childhood we learn something of the unique bond between the two brothers. Themes of comparison and differentiation crop up in many different ways and as the boys go through adolescence, a time when the body goes through some of its biggest changes there is a touching intimacy in the way the two of them share a bed on occasion and Helmer finds in his brother someone whom he 'fits' perfectly. That bond is jeapordised by the arrival of Riet of course and the manner in which one brother becomes an excluded observer is brilliantly realised with the reader becoming as much a voyeur as the sidelined Helmer.
I know you asked for pictures of me blonde but I seem to have misplaced the cable that connects my camera to my computer soooo...yes, that might be a problem. I'll try get pics up as soon as I can.
Who is that reaching out to get me? Is that Jesus! No–I never read anything about him wearing an Old Navy sweatshirt. Wait! It’s a woman. I bet she’s going to eat me!
For decades now, Brooklyn has watched its brownstone neighborhoods be refurbished and reclaimed by a well-to-do, educated “creative class” — a process that, however good the intentions, has priced out poorer residents, kicking up all the perennial wounds and injustices associated with issues of race and class.
Ideas only have value if they are filling a need or solving a problem for somebody. Knowing what this problem is, and who stands to benefit from your idea is vital to being able to implement your ideas successfully. Building on some of the success criteria we identified in part 2, here is an update list of benefits along with the problems they will be solving and the customers or users affected:
And rots as it should rot - by blending with living peat.
I commented to Chris that it looked like an iguana.
Corn ethanol is a multifaceted monstrosity—radiating damage in all directions of the compass. Reducing acreage for edible crops has sparked a surge in the price of bread and other foodstuffs. Congress and Bush continue to mandate larger amounts of subsidized corn ethanol.
through Sunday.
Everyone got to name one so you will probably guess who was named by a 5 year old and who was named by my Greek husband.
Did some digging online
I blinked. “You’re kidding. Do you maybe want to sleep on this to make sure?”
Let two players compete and designate the top performer as the starter.
She said, “If you are living in the space of an open heart you have a blessed life . . . There is no life without a spiritual life.” That is standard New Age / prosperity gospel messaging. She didn’t have one mention of the cross, sin, repentance, etc.
Publication Date: June 12th 2012
Oh, to feel so turbid and constrained a handful of days before I begin another new job: moan is me.
This year, Keshala and I took a Fall Floral Arranging workshop at Whole Foods. It was so much fun! This was perfect quality time for me and Keshala who both enjoy crafty things. I was reminded of how I picked fresh flowers at Girl Scout Camp to create bouquets for our picnic tables. I also thought back on when my mom was my girl scout troop leader, and she guided us in making a bouquet for Mother's Day. Mom is talented! Keshala and I left with several fresh flowers and challenged ourselves to create a bouquet. There is mine pictured above. How did I do? Please answer that question before you look at the picture below. *chuckles* Below is a picture of the BEAUTIFUL floral arrangement created by the multi-talented Dewayne at Whole Foods. Donna, another talented florist, made an arrangement inside of a pumpkin. I think that might be my family's Thanksgiving craft project. Donna and Dewayne drew names at the end, and two fortunate winners took home the beautiful arrangements.
Crimm has his own way of dealing with hecklers. To one of them, he said, “Inside this tent I am Brother Crimm, but outside it I’m just plain old B.B. Would you like to settle this in here or out there?” On another occasion somebody put a drunk up to heckling the preacher. The 6-foot-three Crimm walked away from the pulpit, gave the lush a Sunday punch, and walked back to announce, “The next one who comes in like that is going out on a stretcher.”
Fabulousness. So, again, if you find yourself in Madrid, do make your way to Calle Toledo 30 and let me know what you find. ;o) And if you know anything more about the shop, do share! I'd still love to find out more.
Wisely, the first horsemen of the returning bandits were allowed to enter the village before being set upon and destroyed.
What makes Bloodstone such a striking novel is not only the evocation of the Sithe world through beautifully vivid writing, but also the rich characterisation which Gillian Philip creates. Her characters are real – sometimes horribly so – as in the case of the Lammyrs who kill ruthlessly; at other times, heartbreakingly so – Conal McGregor is the man your mother always wanted you to bring home – kind, caring, loyal, albeit it a fiercesome warrior. But of course, it is Seth McGregor who set hearts aflutter in Firebrand, and continues to do so in Bloodstone. He is a flawed but passionate hero. As much as you may sometimes want to shake him, you also want to hold him and try and undo the pain that has made him what he is. He is, I’m rather sorry to say, that classic bad-ass male character that most women, for some silly reason, want to reform and adore.
He’s the playful “negger” and teaser with good intentions. He busts your chops and flirts with you at the same time. His approach is to keep you from thinking too much about the fact the he’s prolly trying to get in your drawls or to get to know you better (i.e. phone number). The last thing on your mind is his intentions to get you in the bed (if that is his intention). He’s keeping things light and fun to take the pressure and possibly awkwardness off of himself and even you – but more so himself.
Freda has persuaded Mr Paganotti the factory owner, whom we never meet, that they should have an employee outing. She’s made the arrangements; they’ll go to a stately home by mini-coach and have a picnic, with plenty of wine. Brenda doesn’t really want to go, but there’s no way she can escape – Freda won’t let her! From the moment the troops gather on the appointed morning (not a work day, note), and the coach doesn’t turn up, you just know it’s going to go horribly wrong and I shan’t say any more…
-Splash by Clay..1..2..THREE!
But we are a persistent bunch of folks. We weren't letting a little thing like a cold snap get in our way. Oh no! Jackets were brought out. By those of us smart enough to have them in our cars. (Normally, I keep a spare hoodie in my car for both Erin & myself. She "helped" clean out my car in the early morning & put my hoodie in the house. Interesting how she left hers in the car though.)
There were quite a few differences in the grists of the two variations. The weak version (as you'll see below) used mild ale malt and roasted barley. It's big brother SA malt and black malt. The sugars were different, too. The weaker used No. 3, the stronger No. 2.. Not sure what the reason for these differences was. Though Barclay Perkins did seem to fairly randomly swap between black malt and roasted barley.
Everything that you always wished for
The plaque itself has been undercoated with 2 coats of Gesso, then I've painted it with chalky emulsion in Parlour Cream (I love this colour) three times, lightly sanding between each coat to give it a nice smooth finish. I've used a crackle stamp (CI-116) here and there inked up with Antique Linen DI, and rolled for a very subtle effect (technique courtesy of Julia - thank you):
I’ve been thinking about how I got into Brasil, how much the world
Adapted from Caprial's Bistro-Style Cuisine.
See? I have tons of "will" power.
Thanks, Veronica! All best with your new launch.
David Paul Derubbio, 38, New York, N.Y.
Half an hour before sun down last night, three of us piled into a car and started driving. Winding amongst the quiet traffic of Adelaide, Ben Howard's 'Old Pine' filled the soft silence between us, as we swapped the quiet city for a quiet coffee shop in the airport.
No white British child is allowed to leave school today feeling proud about their history, or about their heritage.
Research and general acceptance
Zack Ferguson has never forgotten Katie, or the one magical night they spent together. Seeing her again brings up a tidal wave of emotions: regret over the way he left her, anger at the secret she kept, and desire he hasn't felt in years. But he's in town for Gracie. Their daughter is sixteen, angry at the world, and-worst of all-pregnant. She needs the love of her two parents now more than ever. Can these three forgive the hurts of the past and open their hearts to each other?
Cllr Steve Reed said: “Lambeth, Lewisham and Southwark councils all provide many services that are identical, but do we really need to pay twice for separate sets of senior management and back-office support? We need to proactively look at making savings at a time when the Tory/Lib Dem government is making cuts to council funding in order to protect frontline services”
I would tell her of all the people quietly watching her, waiting for her stroke of genius to strike… if only…
This figure is about three inches tall and I got it in some random lot of toys. I don’t know anything about him or what cartoon / movie he comes from. My impression is that he came from The Chronicles of Narnia; but that answer might get me last place in the next jousting competition. The main point is that he has some bright colors and it really came out under the glow of my photography lights. What do you think? Would you want this guy saving you from a burning building, from deathly taxes or even some horribly named plague? I sure would!
This fifth book in the series also introduces Detective Constable Siobhan Clarke, an important character in the series. And Morris Gerald Cafferty, a major antagonist throughout the books, plays a big part in the book. I've liked the previous books, but with this one, the Rebus series seriously starts to ramp up.
"Personally, given the ubiquity and propensity of life to flourish wherever it can, I would say, my own personal feeling is that the chances of life on this planet are 100 per cent," Mr Vogt said. "I have almost no doubt about it."
I had every intention of being the one to break it off with you, but you beat me to the gun. Doesn't matter. It still hurts. I want to scream and yell at you until I'm blue in the face, but I know it won't change a damn thing.
After dancing in New York for a few years, I switched careers and worked as a florist. Before long I was writing about floral design. I published an article about wedding bouquets in Bride’s magazine, and another about the flower arrangements I created for Julia Child’s 80′th birthday party.
5. Speak, Memory – Vladimir Nabokov. A classic of Russian pseudo-biography, Nabokov actively explores how we remember and recreate memories in this memoir of his childhood and early adult years. Nabokov explains how he uses his fiction to memorialize people but is concerned that his personal memories slip away after he has fictionalized someone. Make sure you get the Everyman’s Library edition with the extra Chapter 16. Nabokov writes a review of Speak, Memory in the voice of a literary critic.
“The writing anything about my way of education I am much adverse to. It cannot, I think, be of service to anyone to know how I, who have lived such a retired life for so many years, used to employ my time and care in bringing up my own children. No one can, without renouncing the world, in the most literal sense, observe my methods; and there are few, if any, that would entirely devote above twenty years of the prime of life in hopes to save souls of their children, which they think may be saved without so much ado; for that was my principal intention, however unskillfully and unsuccessfully managed.” (Franklin Wilder, Immortal Mother, New York: Vantage Press, 1966, p. 43; italics added.)
We have plenty of evidence of that axiom in DC today, now, don't we?
Floreen was more persuasive in arguing for a vote rather than the (expected) tabling outcome, saying it was owed both to advocates and opponents of the bills. She closed by enumerating the advantages of a curfew as she saw them:
- Chili and pregnancy DON'T mix. The 2 times we have had it I have gone to bed in tears because of the mass amount of stomach pain its caused.
If you already know what a Protoss probe is, then I have a nerdy gold star for you. If not, then I have non-nerdy gold star for you. Starcraft is an RTS (real time strategy) computer game is which two people play pick a race (Protoss, Zerg, or Terran) and then try to destroy each other's bases ... or something.
After an hour of sliding around in flip flops with a makeshift mop (really just a swifter sweeper with an old towel attached to the end of it–not the best tool for the job), I realize that I’m doing nothing more than moving the water from one place to another. It’s clear that that I won’t be able to remove it all and at this point I’m thinking it will probably require some professional assistance.
A perfect analogy? No, but in my warped mind, that's what I came up with.
Familiar with this website? It's a great way to find new artist's and pick up some cool (pretty cheap) art. Each week ( Every Tuesday to be exact, Buy Some Damn Art brings you new, original work by up-and-coming artists. ) This week I've been eyeing the work of Kate Lewis who does these great pieces inspired by interiors.
Ahh that fresh smell of Spring air. There is nothing quite like it is there. As I type that for some reason, I hear Jack Nicholson’s voice, like the opening lines to Something's Gotta Give. And honestly, even that reminds me of Spring and sun and sand. Unfortunately, we don’t have sand and sun close by, unless you count Lake Michigan which is nearly 2 hours away, so close…it aint.
On a beautiful Saturday afternoon at one of my favorite Mexican restaurants Peso’s Mexican Cantina, I was able to meet with the very eccentric Londyn Lyná. Meeting her I was able to see the fun loving spirit within her; I even got her to do her British accent!! This 24 year old artist representing Atlanta, GA is the most down to earth person that you will ever meet. Not only does she sing but she also plays the piano and clarinet. Her background in music is derived from a spiritual one, she is also inspired and reflective of Erykah Badu, Amy Winehouse, Sade, Ella Fitzgerald, and Count Basie just to name a few. “I love composer and pianist Richard Smallwood, I like a lot of old jazz. I make classical music with a contemporary sound.” When I asked Ms. Lyná what type of people she surrounds herself with she responded, “I surround myself with people like myself. I realize all of my friends that I hang around talk about music all day. All we do is music and that’s all that matters.”
Last week's long weekend offered us a good opportunity to visit another part of Germany, not too far from the French border. Baden-Baden lies but a mere 40 kilometers away from the Alsatian city of Strasbourg but in terms of ambiance, they couldn't be more different.
Thursday: Spaghetti and garlic bread
-Fabric: We used two different types:
The Mairie is a very imposing building, looming above the square where the metro stops
bridge
When she was finished, she wrapped her boots in the rest of the material securely and hefted her bow and quiver. Replacing her sheathed dagger at her waist, she tied on a sword much more suited to her size.
I know right! I may or may not have grunted a few times after my fun with duct tape.
05 - High-Heeled Sneakers
With the Body Language Cards you will master body language, you will be able to know what others feel and think on the spot.
Anyway, the doctor found some answers. I'm not really sure what that will mean as far as my future goes until I have my follow-up appointment with her in two weeks. But, the surgery was not pointless and she did find some endometriosis and other things. So at least there is some kind of answer to work with as to why my body is horrible.
‘The sage as astronomer.– As long as you still experience the stars as something “above you” you lack the eye of knowledge.’ (before Fuller)
Good luck....
Dried Agar-agar strips, 1 packet, 1.5 oz
I construct and reconstruct myself every day.
Since we don’t have a savings (awful I know) we had zero money down for our jeep and when we went out looking at cars we didn’t think we would be making a purchase that day. Luckily we found a dealership that would work with us and we are very happy!
you remember. I'll wait, said the Serbian Jew to the lame girl
The reason is obvious: Our political culture still accepts Republican myths about Democratic fiscal irresponsibility and sound Republican economic stewardship. It still talks about government social programs as
Best Professional Artist: Shaun Tan
winking in and out,
The flight back was actually kind of fun, mostly because even though it was only about a 2 hour flight we still got individual TVs. I found a couple of Hindi films, but they were subbed in Korean, so I obviously didn’t understand much. That didn’t stop me though. I skipped through to find the songs for fun. We flew into Incheon Airport and had to sit around and wait since the girl in the wheelchair in our group got somehow lost, and since neither she nor her caretaker had their phones, we couldn’t find them. We didn’t get back to Yonsei until about 9, but since Steph wanted to have another birthday celebration, this time actually in Korea, we turned right back around and went out again. The others got tacos and then we went to T Bar, this nice little relaxed place that I absolutely loved. It’s got such a great atmosphere and it’s really laid back. More of a date-y romantic place. I think I’ll take Kelsey there when we get back, that way we can chill and talk instead of having to go to some noisy crowded bar/club to hang out. Following that, we went to Barfly, which was also SUPER empty. There were literally only three other people in there except for us. Steph got a birthday shot, which was SO COOL, so I’ll describe it. The shots are multi-layered and rainbow, so they’re actually quite pretty. They stack them up in a pyramid with some alcohol soaked napkins between layers, then pour some more alcohol on the counter. (The bartender building the shot was one of the ones the people in the group knew, and so she hung with us since she was technically off duty). Then she drank some of the alcohol and put some on her hand. She lit the stuff on the bar, tapped her hand in it and lit her hand, and then spewed the alcohol in a burst of flame, lighting the pyramid on fire. The pyramid exploded in a brief but spectacular display, and then the three people doing the shots had to run forward with their straws and drink them down. It was fantastic, I got a huge kick out of it.
I missed the beginning but he also wears other pants, so I don’t expect much more. Funny episode as he wants to be an android and acts like Data. I don’t watch this series anymore but used to watch some years ago. Yesterday I watched this partly by coincidence. I prefer Star Trek TOS, but TNG is not so bad either. I bet there are also other actors/actresses in similar or other interesting clothing. I also like Wil Wheaton in this series.
As Mali’s democratic transition advanced and the rule of law was reestablished, “Article 320″ faded away. Around the middle of last year, however, it again began to rear its ugly head. At least ten cases were reported by the beginning of June, and several journalists observed that lynching was making a comeback, with many Bamako residents openly supporting the practice. Last September a group of youths marched on a police station in Badalabougou, my neighborhood, proclaiming “Let thieves beware: we’ll burn them alive.”
Our planning laws are certainly in need of a serious review, especially when one of the key beneficiaries (Conservative run MCC) ran the whole planning process. MCC was literally the judge, jury, jury selector, executioner and main financial beneficiary. The silence and virtual invisibility of locally elected National Assembly and Westminster representatives (who also coincidentally happen to be Conservatives) on what has been for a number of years a key local issue is worth noting.
This is a challenge to read a book with your child every day and participate with your child in other activities like a craft project that might relate to the story. To take part, just post a comment on my blog and tell us what book you read and what activity you did.
Teoh Beng Hock’s death under MACC custody struck a chord in all Malaysians. He was an average Malaysian, subjected to extreme treatment by a cruel and corrupt agency.
He replied, “Because the knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of heaven has been given to you, but not to them. Whoever has will be given more, and they will have an abundance. Whoever does not have, even what they have will be taken from them. This is why I speak to them in parables:
If you can manage it, allow the cake to cool slightly before serving. I dug in right away and have the burned roof of my mouth to prove it. Totally worth it though.
I will select the winner using Random.org on June 30th. The winner will receive a nice little package of goodies from me including Tilda With Apple. You will also receive a package of chipboard shapes from Heidi Grace, 3 Studio G stamp sets, 2 rounds of seriously fun and funky ribbon, and a package of primary brads from Making Memories. I will also throw in a nice stack of stamped Tilda images! How's that for some blog candy?!?!
As with Tony who taught me tennis, Brian was another of my dad’s friends from work who kindly agreed to teach me guitar. My dad would take me to Brian’s flat and he would patiently show me how to play chords then write out the words and chords to easy songs and we played and sang together. I had no discernible talent but Brian got something vaguely listenable out of me. Neil Young’s Heart of Gold was a particular favourite of mine, though I was embarrassed by playing Free’s Feel Like Making Love with Brian, especially when his wife walked in on us. Though I was past puberty, the last thing on my mind was sex and I wasn’t really ready for singing about my sexual longings in front of a married couple. I don’t think I ever will be ready for that!
Also, thankful our church is having a service
particularly with our dog, Tika.
*makes note to do it later*
MMS version 1.3, message size up to 600 kb
Preheat oven @ 175C and grease 7 in cake pan.
Ever since, I have had to buy it at the Cygnet market or beg it from friends. Now some of that is starting to sprout because, of course, most people I know had that same rain as did the community garden so most of the local garlic heads split open prematurely, making them likely to sprout early.
“The silent treatment is a common way of displaying contempt for another individual while avoiding confrontation about that contempt or without giving the target of the contempt an opportunity to resolve the issue or dispute. The goal is typically to invoke FOG – fear, obligation or guilt – in the mind of the target individual.
This friend is big on family and loyalty and respecting his elders. He said how a woman answers this question says a lot about her and her connection to family. I thought it was a great idea and started to incorporate that into my questions now too.
Fear.–noun
Left Hand Brewing Milk Stout Nitro; Little Buddy Tested, Little Buddy Approved!
Violet is in a posh girl gang with Heather, Rose, Lily and, sometimes, Priss.
The phone suddenly started losing wifi signals. I was two meters from my wifi router so this was odd. Then it flashed the Sprint logo and did a fast reboot. When it came back on, it couldn’t find the wifi connection. Thirty seconds to three minutes later it would reboot again, no matter what I was working on, and whether or not I was holding it or it was sitting quietly on my desk. Within an hour, the battery was dead, and I was pulling my hair.
I made a mosaic so I will join Mary at “The little red house” There are also some little blue flowers for Blue Monday by smiling Sally. Lovely doors for Monday Doorways .
A few months ago, I volunteered to test-drive the Clarisonic Mia for a BlogHer Style post. I'd heard a lot of great things about the Mia, and I figured this would be a great excuse to buy one and see whether it lived up to the hype. But BlogHer didn't want me to review just the Mia, because reviewing a single item would seem like an endorsement. Instead, they wanted me to review three different face brushes, and talk about their pros and cons.
To part 2 you could add few drop of mango essence (i added 2 drops of vanilla essence )
Here is my response to the moveon.org e-mail. In case you were interested ; )
You bet.
“Sounds interesting.”
Mr. Cayabyab propelled his then amateur career through a song writing competition—the Metro Manila Popular Music Festival (MetroPop) where his composition Kay Ganda ng Ating Musika won the top prize in the first run of the contest. Freddie Aguilar’s Anak failed to win any awards at that time but went on to become one of the country’s most popular songs. Other hits from the same music festival include Hahanapin ko and Minsan Pa by Jose Mari Chan, Narito Ako and Isang mundo, isang awit by Nonong Pedero, Salamat, salamat Musika by Gary Granada, Ako ang Nasawi, ako ang nagwagi by George Canseco, Ewan by Louie Ocampo, Bulag, Pipi, at Bingi by Snaffu Rigor.
In the fading light, ahead I spotted,
I should not be left unattended. The dog knows this and the children and even the baby with his I´ve-seen-it-all look and his greedy little mouth. I let myself go when they´re all asleep and as I drift off into space I look back on Earth wishing I´d have been compatible with it. I kick myself out of orbit taking nothing with me, except for that sweet-smelling rag.
now onto this past weekend! it was great to be amongst fellow handmade lovers! oh we do flutter around to our own little tunes. i love handmade markets. my lovely sister came and we shopped to our little hearts delight. :) mostly for other lovelies in our lives. i love showing support to fellow makers. :)
Melissa adopted him and called him Herman. She dropper fed him. He was even smaller than these I pictured yesterday. Melissa kept Herman in a aquarium when she was not carrying him around. He outgrew that and we moved on to bigger boxes.
There are, however, some warning signs to which we might want to pay attention.
This can sometimes be hard, particularly if you haven’t had many opportunities to mix with female company. However, if you get to connect with some girls and know which characteristics you do and don’t find attractive, then you’ll waste less time focusing on girls who are completely wrong for you.
Sweep my legs.
The book deals with many taboo issues in a subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) manner. These themes include incest, insanity, Stockholm Syndrome, paedophilia, rape, patricide, and D/s. All wrapped in a nice, fluffy vampire blanket. I’m rather fond of taboos… The more the merrier. Why then do I struggle to write a sex scene?! I have mentioned before that I hate pornography, and consequently, describing the intimacy between two people is a chore for me. But I suppose I succeeded adequately at it.
So now that Gordon has left, he has decided to hand out a peerage to the shaven vomiting voter puncher John Prescott, well at least now he has a peerage he can play croquet without feeling guilty about it.
(This is why it's important, if you're thinking of going with a digital or electronic publisher, to look for time-limited contracts, or, if the publisher uses life-of-copyright language, to make sure that it's balanced by a detailed and specific out of print/rights reversion clause that includes provisions like the example I gave above.)
By Grade 8, students have developed the analytical reading skills to read, understand, and analyze both literary and informational texts. Additionally, these students successfully read and understand many different types of texts across subjects. Students should be able to determine what unfamiliar words mean based on how they are used. Students should also grasp how authors use language differently depending on their purpose and the literary genre.
There is an old trestle bridge, underwater with a ghost that lives down there.
Noon: cocktail count 4
“Move Easy”
Smacking her ass
“I, as the CEO of this multinational company hereby relate with you because of the communication problem faced by most of our Board Members, since many of them cannot read, speak or write English language except Chinnese which is our official language.”
The degree to which this sincerity of itself is enough to establish the merit of Hogancamp's art could be a matter of debate. This is to suggest that it seems unlikely anyone could grasp it's profundity without having background information about the man's biography. It might be possible to uphold as a corollary of the art-for-art's-sake rule that any circumstances surrounding the art's creation should be disregarded. In the case of Hogancamp specifically, however, this corollary should itself be disregarded because in the first place it is beyond debate that he is not creating art for art's sake.
Personally, after two ultimately unsatisfying solo movies I was particularly delighted with the treatment of the Hulk in this film. Mark Ruffalo is very good as the Banner incarnation of the character, and when he does lose his rag and go green it’s unmistakably and unashamedly the comics version of the Hulk that appears: he jumps around! He roars! He smashes things! He even gets some decent dialogue! I’m not surprised that this film has put the possibility of another Hulk movie back on Marvel’s agenda.
*Hidden Gem
Not a mark on him, he was throttled rather than shot. If you haven't read yesterday's post, please do and follow the link before being horrified at my posting pictures of a stuffed leopard.
Albuns albuns reupados:
By contrast, capitalist corporations are still run on principles pre-dating the 1832 Reform Act: the more you own, the more of a say you have.
In July the VAT rate was lowered from 13.5% to 9% for a range of services connected to the hospitality and tourism sectors. On 13th July came the publication of the horrific Cloyne Report of the investigation of child clerical abuse. The investigating commission stated that the greatest failure by the diocese was the failure to report all abuse cases to the Gardaí.There followed on 20th July the Taoiseach’s historic speech by Enda Kenny, in the Dáil to the Cloyne Report strongly attacking the Vatican and the Catholic Church. It captured the sheer horror and anger of the Irish populace.Norway was the victim of twin terror attacks, the first being a bomb blast which targeted government buildings in central Oslo, the second being a massacre at a youth camp on the island of Utøya.
We wanted to see what the penicillium looked like close up so we looked through it using our magnifying glass. That did not show us any more detail than what we could see close up with our naked eyes. We need a microscope!
Firstly, Mom should not have appointed a single person as sole attorney. Where two or more people have to sign jointly, fraud is far less likely to occur and is more likely to be discovered early.
I have had halibut, tilapia, trout (think that’s the second photo below) and during my most recent visit I had grouper (first photo below). I had it almost everyday on my Mayan Riviera trip. I really miss eating grilled grouper.
Deputy Dan Weston is with Rachel when the bouquet arrives, and he's at her side as she deals with so many of the secrets that come to light after her husband's death. Dan has carried a torch for Rachel since puberty and he's not going to let her dead husband's vindictive girlfriends or his psychotic mother come between them now. But that means finding out who is sending snakes and poisoned posies before one kills Rachel.
Megashark vs. Giant Octopus (2009)
Good ad people can do the same. They can hear people talk about their buying habits and intuitively understand the hidden structure of their behavior.
See, I have my eyes of keeping all of you coming back for more...
The children danced about with their splendid playthings. No one looked at the tree now, except an old nurse who peered in among the branches, but this was only to make sure that not an apple or fig had been overlooked.
The last three months that I was at seminary we struggled through those barriers and I was enormously grateful for the gift that he gave me of allowing me to really know him. I can never describe all the pictures, but I'm glad that our paths crossed.
I don't mind the pain.
succulents.
Today is also the year anniversary of my father passing away.......I didn't really get to know him, but he and I were in the process of getting to know one another and I wish that I would've been able to. I had soooooo many questions for him, and I also wanted him to see his only two granddaughters. Maybe someday we will see him again.
With its multi-faceted benefits of health, environment and preservation of the planet’s resources by burning calories rather than petrol, cycling is the answer to many of urbanIndia’s problems. Cycling is hard to beat as a physical activity not just because it pushes you to your limits but because it also helps you to win friends and explore opportunities for adventure.
All right, all right. Amazon slices and dices the genre categories a bit, but not quite that thinly. But thanks to some enthusiastic downloading, Problems With a Girl and a Unicorn is currently sitting at #13 in the US Kindle rankings for (free) contemporary fantasy.
There are several ways to creating flexibility. The more ways you do it, the more flexible you become!
8:25 PM – We return from commercial break to Jericho firmly in control. After Jericho misses with the Lionsault, control begins to shift back and forth between the two competitors. Kofi avoids the Walls of Jericho, but jumps from the ropes right into the Codebreaker. Jericho secures the victory with the Lion Tamer. This means we will now listen to Jericho berate CM Punk’s family, like only Y2J can. Jericho calls CM Punk’s fans “wannabes” and says that he has gotten Punk a gift, that will he will present to Punk tonight. I have never loved and hated somebody so much.
Gramps went to sea when he was very young, served in the Navy through the Second World War and afterward, and raised my mother and all of her siblings along with Granny. He knew how to fix almost anything. He was working on the roof of his house when he was over eighty years old.
Miranda Lambert just won something - there is a guy standing behind her that looks straight out of a Disney movie. Looks like he should be a plucky sidekick in Beauty and the Beast or something.
And watch a live stream of the Teach-In for Tucson event taking place on Saturday, February 4. MAS teachers will be on a panel. A link for the livestream will be available on the Teach In for Tucson site.
I believe that this brief glimpse at registration numbers helps to explain the ‘square’ periods in U.S.A and when they should be applied. Certainly, the regulation change them by April 22, 1942. This doesn’t mean that contracts specifying markings would have been changed by this date. Quite the contrary you will find a number of factory photos that show jeeps with the square dots.
It's always amazed me that the bond between humans and animals can run so deep that they will accompany us through the worst hell we can create. I'm looking forward to seeing this. People of blogland, are you planning on seeing any movies over the holidays?
Ah...a little bit of cheese and bread, a little writing (blogging for a friend's magazine site on Bill Gates' patent app for an amazing new cooler device; I'll link when it's up), and tonight Cathy and I are going to drop by the eagerly awaited soft opening at Brauhaus Schmitz. Mmmm, German beers. Dirndls. Cathy. And I've gotta cantor at the 7:45 mass tomorrow morning. Yeesh.
Several things have come to my attention that warrant sharing, either in written form or in the gaudy scrawlings of MSPaint. All of them are too microbial to warrant an individual post, so I have put together a tapas of topics for today's entry.
Deviled Eggs without the hassle of peeling!
100. Do you alway wear your shoes over your socks?
4. Lykke Li "Sadness Is a Blessing" 3:57
Back soon,
I’ve almost finished my Monday musings round-up of writers from the different states and territories of Australia, but have been putting off doing New South Wales because it’s a bit scary to confront. New South Wales is Australia’s most populous state. It is also, in terms of white settlement in Australia, our oldest state. And, more importantly in terms of literature, it’s where Australia’s only Nobel Laureate for Literature, Patrick White, came from. So, given all this, where to start?
What Up With That
I must have heard this story countless times and again heard the emphasis on a God who seeks the beloved. But never, not once, have I heard any discussion around the fact that here a woman is portraying God. A woman.
Saw something amazing driving in. An albino wild turkey. That's not something you see every day. Turkeys are everywhere this time of year.
After shopping, we went back to Andrea's house, and hung out until it was time to pick up kids from school. I went home, and waited for my 4 to walk home. We had dinner, and headed off to the PX (military shopping center of sorts) to buy a slip N slide. When we got there, they said that they'd moved the entire toy/swimming section to the PXtra. What's that? I asked. Well, during the summer, they set up a HUGE tent across post, and sell things there. Well, it was more than a tent. It had A/C and good walls. But it was tent like.
I hope you have a fantastic weekend further and I’ll bring some “update house” photo’s the minute it looks like “something”- lol
So here’s what’s coming on Hogwash: a look at what’s outside of me, so I can stay inside for a few weeks. A glimpse at Pike Place Market Recipes, and the recipes in it that I’m most excited about—starting with the roast chicken I made for Passover (yogurt sauce and all, Kosher schmosher), one of my favorites (and one of the simplest) in the book.
We visited the Hirshhorn Museum, where they had amazing interactive art installments such as the neon room above. We also visited the butterfly pavilion in the Natural History museum. Saren was fascinated by the butterflies, staring but grabbed on to me if they flew to close to him. I can't really blame him, there were crazy colored butterflies the size of my hand!
Come Undone
These are wonderful definitions and insights on mentoring and I thank those who shared them. Much is made of mentoring these days and in our community the mentoring of an organization like Big Brother, Big Sisters has been highlighted and mentioned a great deal over the years.
Take my stupid socks off. You’re lucky my mouth is full of apple, otherwise I’d tell you what I really think about all this. My toes are so cute. Don’t fukingtouch them! Hands to yourself.
To school myself in the names of constellations
If I was all:
We repeat this for the other two controlMsg packets for our full set.
Yes, that would make them the firmest of friends. And so we follow their childhood together where it is Lazarus who excels both at synagogue and at play, 'Jesus looks before he leaps. Lazarus likes to leap.' In one extraordinary scene the two boys along with Lazarus' younger brother Amos climb the scaffolding that surrounds the construction of a new amphitheatre. It is raining. Lazarus makes his precarious progress to the top and then offers to help his more cautious friend up.
We want folks who can dedicate time to the dt and that can comment on entries etc etc,
What really got my goat was the brooch. ‘Rocking the boat’. What the hell was that about? What was going through her smug little mind as she pinned that to her coat? God knows but I know this, those three errors of judgement plus the little matter of her woeful paying back of the innocent £13,000 should ensure that she does not get re-selected for her Salford constituency again. If she does I think the local Labour Party are in for a surprise come the next General Election. Still at least she’ll be able to repent at leisure.
It’s not only perfume that makes her smell good. When you hug my mom, you can smell fresh bread and her flower garden and all of her yummy meals.
Much like a journalist and media that has cast objectivity out their window to promote a political agenda can be equally vicious and dangerous to a free society.
1-2 16oz jars hot chili peppers+liquid (depending now spicy you like it, he does 2)
Perhaps we squirm at some passages in the Old Testament because God squirms at them, too.
He died shortly after he was eventually taken to Lakes District Hospital.
It'd be a shame to keep those highballs and stems hidden from view, where eventually they would succumb to out of sight, out of mind mentality. Luckily, we came up with a more transparent solution for our barware display.
This is what came out of my wallet after four months: currency from four different countries. Wow.
At 10:00 Marc told me that we should go on a walk, At this point I needed it.
BT, previously ordered to block Newzbin, was included in the application by record label trade body the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) but had asked for more time (a ‘few more weeks’) to consider it’s response so was not included in the blocking orders.
piece of white satin or organza or guardian angel
People everywhere were working outdoors or sitting in front of multi-colored shop fronts chatting over a beer or hot drink. Most wore jeans despite the heat, and typical Colombian-style hats to keep the sun off their faces.
Max is doing okay but is also having a bad day. He is also having a lot of pain and is on a Fentanyl PCA pump. He is groggy and cranky but, according to his dad, is looking better. His labs are a little abnormal but beginning to stabilize. Their main concern right now is his low platelet count. The docs are assuming that this may be caused by one of his medications which, hopefully, is an easy fix.
715 **D-III/6(A)/1976. “Virtue, the Humanities, and Public Policy: A Modest Proposal for Educational Reform.” The Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item D-IX/4(B)/1982, below, Appendix IX. Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 753-58.) See, also, Item C-1999(12), above.
So Granger’s most famous moment in the movie, when James Stewart’s ex-headmaster questions Granger and his more domineering partner in crime, isn’t simply about abject fear. He’s also playing regret and self-loathing: “Who’s the cat, and who’s the mouse?” The cat, in terms of manipulating the conversation and ensuring that Stewart becomes even more suspicious, may well be Granger himself. When Granger cracks at the end and threatens Dall with a gun, he plays the action with less agitation, not more--he’s come close to his desire at last.
And after a loong day (6 hours with the handi-man, 3 extra hours with just Chris), our new front door, with our old hardware, was installed.
It was a nice day even in the rain that ruined our Easter hair. I love our little dressed up family.
- I'll eat my own shit if it comes to it. Eat it, Shit it, Eat it, Shit it – Just go and sit somewhere along Castle Street begging till I make up enough coin to get me a Big
12. Morning Song
Dean
Was there anyone cooler in the 90′s than Zack Morris? Look at him. He could get any girl he wanted! AND he had a cell phone bigger than a human head. Talk about lucky. Over the years, Zack had his fair share of shorties on Saved by the Bell. I didn’t realize HOW many though until I actually wrote this article…and holy crap this dude was a player! Sure, he had AC Slater to compete with, but in the end Zack always got the girl. Zack really like variety with his women: white, black, handicapped, fat, skinny, tall, gay, mothers, nerds…you name it. Let’s take a trip down memory lane as we look at the best AND worst of Zack Morris’s love life.
And here's the cord you pull when you get bored in the dressing room. Or if the nurses aren't paying enough attention to you.I didn't really pull it because I didn't really get bored at my own fashion show. It has actually kinda revolutionized the fashion world and I really wish you could've been there.
Do you understand what irony is, do you even know what a one liner or even a rhyme means.
There are nine gates, called Muse Gates by Mr. Nelson and one opens every 40 days. The one that opened today is ruled by the moon, my own ruling planet and remains open until May 1st at 12:45 am EDT. This timing event occurs on the eve of May Day . . . a cross quarter day marking the mid-point of the Sun’s progression between the vernal equinox and the summer solstice. By this time, seeds planted earlier have started to sprout and grow and is a time celebrated by many pagans as the beginning of a bountiful period of growth. It is a day for fun and for enjoying life. A day to sit, dance and sing in the garden and let the sun shine into your heart and soul with thanksgiving.
I searched some web sites with the Byzantine Art and get my inspiration from those pictures.
Thank you. Now go eat (healthy), drink (responsibly) and be merry!
4. Pub/club you frequent?
We can think of the manifest god as the god of the atheists, agnostics, scientists, and liberals (in the religious, not political sense). In this cosmology the symbol god is synonymous with the symbol for law or universe. God represents the rules, the operating conditions, the universal landscape in which we exist. In this framework human agency or free-will is a very real, deep, and powerful force. Through free-will human beings are the creators of their own future and the formers of their own destinies, both individually and collectively. In this cosmology, mankind will determine by the interplay between its actions and the laws of the universe (or god, if you prefer) what kind of future, if any, it will have.
It doesn't stop the mental exercise, now does it? Sometimes, I think I might tell me that there'll be times of nostalgia for those late nights in coffeehouses or on street corners, watching, reading, and chain smoking. But something about walking would make smoking not so fun. That there'd be a girl; a friend, and a good one at that, for quite a few years at first, who'd become something quite more, would be willing to jump off the end of world with me, sometimes being more aggressive about getting up the hill. I cannot think of anyone else crazy, tenacious, or gullible enough to have joined me in what is either the grandest of adventures or the greatest of follies.
Tall-guy: “You can’t trust Huskies around children, they’re far too dangerous. They’re barely out of the wild.”
Australia's indigenous population refers to the day as Invasion Day.
Q069) If you got to ride a time machine just once and met your past self, what would you do?
see my own arms anymore.
I entered these in the following challenges:
dysfunctional selection process into
1 coal-heated
3 c vegetable oil or shortening
Research consistently demonstrates that the preferences and choices that we believe we are making consciously are really emanating from unconscious processes, emerging into consciousness, and then triggering the ‘interpreter module’ in the left hemisphere to construct a narrative explaining the choice in a coherent way. What is more disturbing is that the interpreter module appears to have no privileged access to the unconscious processes that generated the choice. This process of confabulation is a normal part of everyday cognitive function whose purpose appears to be, first and foremost, the maintenance of a cohesive self. What is problematic is that we tend to accept this internal narrative as unquestionably true.
“Do you mind if I wait for the bell with you?” He asked me.
Now, that last sentence is a perfectly good example of bullshit, since I have no idea what the words “transcendent significance” might mean and neither do you. I needed something to end that sentence with and since I did not have any clear criteria by which to select my examples, I figured this was the place for some big-time words.
There are always interruptions and some are welcomed and some are not. The biggest thing that stops me from reading as much as I'd like would by my kids. The require attention and sometimes I just can't get enough of them cause they are too darn cute (one is five the other is 1 and both are girls). Right now I always feel like my life is full and I'm running very thin on time and energy. I have the kids, and then family, and my lovely blog which I do mostly at work (shhh don't tell anyone) and then I also do craft things through http://www.swapbot.com/ and then there is the party planning right now for the kids birthdays. Oh and I also take a cake decorating class once a week and that definitely takes up a lot of my time. And somewhere in between all that (and work also which we weren't supposed to mention but I will because it's been super busy there) I have to find time to read and of course sleep when I can. Which usually isn't much.
16. Arctic Monkeys - Humbug... Again, for some reason I haven’t gotten around to listening to the entire thing, but I’m sure glad that the Arctic Monkeys still matter and have been able to translate all that hype and talent into high quality output. Nice lads too!
Knowing this about myself, I was surprised some weeks ago that I was again thinking that some people might be more interested in just homeschooling and less about the journaling of my daily life. Maybe I would snag more readers if I organized my blogs according to these main interests...it always sounds like a good idea. I have added book and product reviews because I enjoy doing them, but I was thinking that these things should have a separate blog perhaps. I recently disclosed one of my gifts and some of my thoughts on healing--a very big leap for me fearing I would yet again lose friends or at least readers. Oh, what about my favorite recipes, face painting, and art projects?
But as I was having a lesson, first of all I had to change my shoes. “You have to wear special shoes but that's included in the price,” Richard explained as he kitted me out with a pair of rather fetching red, white and blue lace up shoes. “They're smooth so you can slide into a shot.” I had no idea what he was talking about but it sounded good and I had visions of myself expertly bowling the perfect shot.
8. Red River Valley
We’ll never get lost in a mist,
Now, hopefully I will not be so neglectful. But with all that's coming up in the next couple months, don't hold your breath.
High profile incidents of racism persist in racialist America: the 1997 sodomizing of Abner Louima in a Brooklyn police station, for instance, and the shooting deaths of four unarmed black citizens byNew Orleans police officers in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Racial sensitivity is also evident in the added dilemma African-Americans face in having to show their blackness in acceptable ways to other members of the group while bumping up against white and black expectations about their blackness in the workplace and social settings. In no circumstances do whites have to prove their whiteness. Though they continue to lag behind those of whites, black salaries have improved, but the gap in wealth from stocks and other non-salary forms of income remains astronomically high. Too many blacks continue to experience daily injustices such as cabbies refusing to stop for them on city streets. Still, none of this negates Congressman Lewis’s observation about how far we have come.
how they recline and entwine
we have 5 days more
*sigh*. People!
not to be a tease BUT that's as much of lois as you're gonna see for now. hey, don't cop that 'tude with me. i've hit a few bumpity-bumps in the bloggin' road and, since you're on this ride with me, we'll be bouncin' around together 'til i fine tune this photography stuff.
To my surprise and to one other guy who prepared his glider at the same time as me, my skills did not rust and I was faster then my “competitor” in setting up and getting my glider up in the air. Only drawback was that I lost a lot of body mass in the last year, including much needed muscles !
We can get to the path from our home although we are briefly in traffic. The street we live on dead ends into the old Denver and Rio Grande railroad station. Part of the debate was making the station part of the transit hub but it didn’t happen. The beautiful building now houses part of the state archives. The old waiting room-atrium occasionally hosts art exhibits. I am heading west toward the station and will turn right and north at this intersection.
I am honored to be a Guest Designer for Hambo Stamps today! I’ve adored their images, especially their pig images as I am a big pig lover. So of course I had to pick a pig image to make a card with.
Liquid yeasts have limited viability, although they are pretty resilient, but on the pack is a production date and you can use the mr malty yeast calculator to find out how many packs you need and the size of starter you need to grow for a given volume, mr malty is very handy for any yeast calculations and I'd tell you go and bookmark it if you're going to brew as you will find it very handy.
the pictures in older books hardly ever compare to new ones. they are so intricate & bright.
Because I love honesty, this is a review from a blogger when she saw me perform this at Kearny Street Workshop’s APAture Festival in 2008 with a friend:
If you have never gone in for a sleep study I will give you a brief description. On the first appointment you are given a room. Not like a hospital room but more like a room in your home. I suppose they want to make you to feel like you are home for a good reading for the study.
communal release.
Fareda: Anwaar, have you ever been to the flea market?
snowflake ornaments (I got mine at the dollar store. I used 4 10 packs)
Here is a link you can use to learn more information about the Great Kiskadee. It is a member of the Flycatcher family. Yesterday I observed one of them sitting on the fence about 25 feet from our rig (in the rain). Probably looking for food stirred up by the wet ground.
a projected return on investment of $660 Billion USD within 5 years after
Kayla, Nicole, Mouse & Briana are genetically altered teenage girls that have one purpose: to be the perfect soldiers. When they are not working in the outside world, they are imprisoned in the lab and get tested and experimented. When an escape seemed possible, they took it but Kayla was not prepared for the secrets and truths behind The Sphinx Project.
Mark Shuttleworth, head of the translation group at Imperial College, London, said Club Penguin was taking an interesting approach to dealing with the problem of translation.
Two of those cars were super old looking so I jumped at the ford fusion and off I went. The next couple came out and looked sadly at me as they saw their two choices. ;( Sorry friends!
Anyway, since I'm persnickety (don't you think it would be cuter if it were spelled "persnikity"?), I now have a caveat. Allow me to illustrate ...
So I don't know if a lot of you guys know this, but Lauren Conrad has a clothing line available at Kohl's, and it's totally cute! I absolutely love her line because it's very feminine, playful and she always uses soft pastels colors.
Each month I set a minimum goal of TM panels to be completed to help build up my stock for the bags and whatnot that I'll be selling...have yet to get started but it's a nice way to fill in time when I have nothing to do.
“That’s great, baby.”
Rosa Alcalá – Undocumentaries
2) The Recipient has to do all the work.
I love the idea of little angels watching over God's children, both young and old. Sheila Walsh's 2nd book in the series, Gabby, God's Little Angel, is a sweet story around the verse Galatians: 6:9, which says:
The incoming CME does have and earth bound component but does not appear to be strong enough to cause a geomagnetic storm. ETA late May 10 to early May 11.
Briefly rinse sweetbreads under cold water. Place them in a glass bowl, cover with milk, and allow to soak several hours. Remove the sweetbreads, discarding the milk. Using a sharp paring knife and fingers, remove excess membrane or fat. Do not be intimidated by the peeling process, and do not fret if the sweetbreads separate some into sections. Rinse, pat dry and set aside.
So this weekend it seems like all I did was sleep, read, and bake cookies. My friend Sarah sent me a bunch of books (we have very similar taste in books, which is marvelous because both of us had never found anyone else that liked the kind of books we do, so for the last year we've been mailing books back and forth and trading recommendations) and so I dove into a new series this weekend in between making batches of cookies. Tried some new cookie recipes too--chocolate peanut butter chip (the recipe on the bag of Reese's peanut butter chips...I don't like peanut butter much but Lee does), chocolate cherry (they have M&Ms and maraschino cherries in them) and my favorite, butterscotch apple. YUM. They even have frosting.
“Germany Foodservice: The Future of Foodservice in Germany to 2016” provides a top-level overview and detailed market, channel and company-specific analysis of the German foodservice market.
So, I'm back....Starting Now!
The following text was written by Thomas Jefferson two centuries ago. The subject: blacks. His observations and conclusions look surprisingly fresh and modern in both the good and bad sense.
Concept: On a high school science class field trip to a physics lab to witness an experiment, something goes horribly wrong and it looks like the 30+ kids of one class are in mortal danger, but it seemingly comes to nothing and everyone is safe.
Alperovitz points toward the growth in worker- or consumer-owned cooperative businesses and co-ops which, if continued, could result in a massive redistribution of labor and wealth. "America’s 30,000 cooperatives provide over 2 million jobs [, and t]he UN has declared 2012 to be the Year of the Co-Op, in recognition of the fact that nearly half the world’s population now belongs to cooperatives."The sooner we let go of our assumption that going back to the way things were is desirable or even possible, the more we'll be able to help create the new world that's now arising.
We followed the ordained route into NoDa, which circled us through an industrial area. Soon the abandoned warehouses gave way to older brick buildings with amateurishly painted storefronts and lots of newly installed no-parking signs, and we knew we had arrived.
in the instant case,inter alia argued that the question papers, which were prepared by subject experts, were original literary works and the copyright over the same vested with the respondent. Relying on Section 8(1)(d) of RTI Act which exempts the PIO from furnishing information including intellectual property, the disclosure of which would harm the competitive position of a third party, unless the competent authority is satisfied that larger public interest warrants disclosure of such information, it was contended that the respondent could not be compelled to disclose the information. Further, such disclosure would be detrimental to experts who were 'third parties' by enabling others in their field to replicate their work and use it for their own commercial purposes. Citing Section 57 of the Copyright Act, 1957, which sets out the special rights of authors, it was contended that the respondent was statutorily required to protect the rights of the
I thought about what the supper on the other side of the dining room really meant. I wondered what deals were being sealed over Cabernet Sauvignon and sole meuniere. I also thought it strange – important men from two cultures, both with strong and defined cuisines, choosing to dine together in another totally foreign restaurant…
Dad ordered a Petit plate, which consist of your choice of meat and two sides. Dad chose the Corned Beef with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables. It totally looked like something his German step-mother would have made, and many a dinner I had at her and Grandpa's home growing up. He must of liked it as he polished it all off. I myself wondered what a regular plate would be like as this one was far from petit in portion. It also came with a roll and butter.
But this blog is not about them its about me, so there.
Yeah. That Apricot Scrub shit was was completely different from what I thought it was, and the active ingredient was Salicylic acid and I had just washed my face with freaking alien blood.
In short, Jesus, I suppose, didn’t have to make the announcement that he made. But there he sat in the midst of a group of Pharisees—Law Keepers—and Lawyers—Law Teachers—and He said the one thing that was certain to rouse their suspicions, stir up their angst, and cause them to perk up their ears a little more to what was going on.
Banana Splits (the Tra La La Song) by The Dickies
“And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he shall be glad in his heart. And thou shalt speak unto him and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do.”
"Now I'm not. I don't want to promise you anything and then disappoint you or myself again."
The use of celebrity, media and literary portraits help you to identify with the reality of Lisa’s story and understand her thought processes and experiences in a vivid, exciting way.
Are you having trouble finding your way in the darkness of life?
Last year, it rained the most during the summer and August than it had during November and December. Last week, it was 70+ degrees all day, but this weekend has been pretty cloudy. And I keep seeing pictures from blogs in New York with their cherry blossom trees and their pretty flowers and, well, I still haven’t seen nice flowers around here, so I thought I’d share my findings in case you haven’t caused spring fever either.
In the mountains of Colorado, a small town called Angel’s End welcomes everyone with open arms—even a man fleeing his past…
I’ve matured too, in the more traditional way. And as I’ve aged, watching the film every couple of years since my teens, I’ve grown to appreciate how resonant its message is. Not the simple one: “the mediator between the head and the hands must be the heart.” That’s a fridge magnet. I mean the deeper one: what this city implies, merely by existing, about human nature.
But pointing the finger at Torres backfired, with the Duke’s former right hand man making allegations about the King’s involvement in helping with his son-in-law’s business affairs.
1) Don’t wear a white t-shirt while eating chicken wings.
Prayer Point: David has seen the pain, sorrow, and violence of our world and so he cries out to God. So what does pray for when he looks out a broken world? He prays for the coming of heaven, for God’s great King, whom we know as Jesus, to be enthroned forever. What pains you about the world today? Lift it to God by praying, “your kingdom come, your will be done on earth as it is in heaven.”
1/4 cup parsley, chopped
Plus you need to add in the fact from @fkeroge kindly provided me with that Saki’s “power” lies in her insane starting hands and her high probability of getting a tile she needs when she declares kan.
So chaps - if you do it - you could pin up a list of replacements you need for this Summer. In my case it is quite a short list - just a couple of pairs of jeans and possibly some sandals (that is apart from anything that tempts me) but then, men don't seem to have minds that work like this, do they?
“A rare thing in truth! Thinkest thou the mill and cat are so wonderful? What, indeed, are they beside a marvel of which I know?”
Tropical lily swimsuit, Matalan, £15
Ironically, most homeowners who choose to sell their home themselves do so to save the commission. The reality is, these homeowners would have walked away with more money had they let an agent do the hard work for them! After all, a great agent does much more than put a sign in the yard. I bring the real estate experience and knowledge that allows me to understand:
During my teens, and into my early twenties, I would spend up to eight hours a day here; this is where all the local booters session. It was great to know that if I went to Salem there would always be someone skating there. This park became the starting point for all of our crews sessions, no matter where we were going to skate that day.
The process is exciting and nerve racking at the same time. But like I said earlier, the experience is worth it. Excellent food, great company, a perfect way the end the weekend
Charles Small is the founder of the Yale Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism (YIISA). His tireless engagement with YIISA was the force that made YIISA a famous institution among those who love democracy, Israel, America, and who are against bigotry, Sharia law, antisemitism and the cult of death, embraced by Islamism.
I haven’t put them together into a quilt yet and found another layer cake of the same line. I decided to ask for stars again and I will put them all together to make a larger quilt.
How should theists respond to people who just want to talk about their psychological state? Well, my advice is to avoid them. They are approaching religion irrationally and non-cognitively – like the person who enters a physics class and says “I lack a belief in the gravitational force!”. When you engage in serious discussions with people about God’s existence, you only care about what people know and what they can show to be true. We don’t care about a person’s psychology.
and through some of the interviews she's given I gathered the following:
So grab your copy of The Maid of Fairbourne Hall and join Julie and friends on the evening of March 15th for a book chat party.
During fingerprinting, Cruz then allegedly moved closer to one of the officers and passed gas, the station reported. In the complaint, the investigating officer wrote that police noticed a "very strong" odor.
Keep those competition answers coming and I'll pick out names at the weekend!
Robert Chote, the IFS director said that Britain was facing the "longest, deepest, sustained cuts in public spending since the second World War".
The topics of clock, place value with 3-digit numbers, graphs, and introduction to multiplication didn't have any significant conceptual changes (some cosmetic ones).
Hola! Wow - my apologies for the loooong and somewhat unexpected blog break! I knew this past month would be busy, since we were preparing for a trip to Mexico to see some very dear friends get married, but I did think I'd get a few posts in here and there. In typical fashion, though, life seemed to have other things in store, and blogging didn't happen. Now I have lots to catch you up on!
“Roofies” is a simple little online sketch that I wrote for me and Rob to do together in early May 2010. Later that month, I would shoot “Horror Movies Suck” with Melissa Vilardo. But you can read all about that in the HMS post, because this is all about “Roofies.” This goofy sketch was directed by my longtime friend and frequent collaborator, Rob Lambert (director of “Yoga Man” and co-star of “Horror Movies Suck). We shot in one afternoon with Garrett Rowe (director of photography), Damien Hedgecoth (associate producer), Charlie McEwen (Boom Op), and Brian Barnett (make-up) on hand to round out the crew.
“Community groups across Victoria clearly understand what Ted Baillieu does not – that short term profits from coal and coal seam gas will cost Australians our health, our prime agricultural land and our climate,” said Australian Greens Deputy Leader, Senator Christine Milne.
Victims of the abuse were introduced to the men by an older white girl known as the ‘Honey Monster’. She didn’t face charges because lawyers considered her a victim of sexual grooming herself.
Wearing the same shabby dress,
As I have been saying for a couple of weeks now, I have been in the process of starting up a new blog--not on Blogger. It's been a bit shaky because the format and processes are a bit different... and, it's still a work in progress.
P.S. I’ve made some changes to my e-mail settings, if you have a moment, please send me a short e-mail, just saying hi, or something silly, to freefullife@gmail.com so I can test the results.
And the day I set it up, it had to be christened. And it felt GREAT to sit somewhere, and play, and when I needed to stop (only for Angus as the big 3 were with their Grandparents), I could just get up, and close the door. Perfect
I'm guessing that plain packaging - which is merely a ploy by the parasitic anti-smoker industry to steal legitimate industry trade marks to be replaced with their own graphic logo images - are already in production.
I can't wait to have kids, though! It seems all holidays are more exciting with kids around :) Then I'll decorate like crazy. I love what Love Sweet Love did for her kids last year, I mean, how fun is THAT?!
12. Accidentally deleted one of my shows in the DVR because I got “delete happy.”
Are you happy with this decision? Please explain.
It was annual exam time for Willow, a 14-year-old cat owned by Lorian and Douglas Taylor. By all outward appearances, Willow was doing well with no new concerns, other than one day of having a decreased appetite.
The typical U.S. nuclear power plant would therefore create in forty-five years sufficient spent fuel 239Pu waste to approximately equal the total of all 239Pu in DOD waste inventories created since 1944.
She gives me a headache, I’m telling you.
living with the courage to persist as needed
At 11am Senior Management gave up.
Making the list is one part, but optimizing it is the most important thing. The sample grocery list I posted divides your shopping into important sections to help you make sure you get your groceries in an organized way because all of your fruits are together, all your dairy is together etc. But everyone knows that going to the store with a list doesn't mean you aren't going to pick up a few extras along the way too. A sale could be on and so you stock up on items, you have a coupon that you need to use but forget it at the checkout and end up paying full price, you have children and or a husband that likes to sneak things into your cart for you as you are checking out the bargains three feet away.
More recent research has failed to reveal a higher risk of injury for healthy subjects performing deep knee squats. The Journal of Orthopedic Research reported that high knee flexion angles during squatting may actually have a protective effect on ligamentous structures.
When I first heard in Soho
Actually, it turned out perfectly! A partner I had before my current ones (a 20 year old guy) , is starting gym again after quitting at the end of last year. So our coach is going to put us two back together. Because he works as well as going to school, he won’t be able to train the full hours either, so it couldn’t have worked out better!
1 tsp freeze dried coffee
Esther, whose filling had a “funny taste” according to Joe. The kicker was that she wasn’t even able to tell Gordon if her filling had egg yolk in it!
Permanent Court of Women in the Arab World
I’m proud of Muslim community leaders in India who denied the policy of including some section of Muslims into OBC and SC/ST reserved categories. I remember them saying “Don’t try to divide Muslims.” Hats off! Why is that spirit of unity not there amongst the rest of us? Shame! If you really want to help the downtrodden, make policies to have a reservation system on the economic basis. Help the poor, not a caste. Sending me to jail because my great grandfather harassed Dalits? How fair is that?
- R. Alexander Horne Memorial Scholarship
Stage: STORA SCENEN ("Big Stage")
simple characters with universal, complex issues.
49 37 51.17 N, 34 49 29.80
That kind of sums it up. The majority of self-published books are pretty awful, to be frank. Obviously, I haven't read every self-published book in the world but come on, already. How many of those self-published books are in reality unedited first drafts, thrown out there by people who stupidly buy into the myth that "You, too, can be a publisher author on the road to fame and riches!!!!" by self-publishing companies who don't give a crap what they're publishing.
For the Kingdom of Heaven is theirs.”
He excavates some of the forgotten notables who made Fort Greene and Clinton Hill their home, and adds enticing new details to those whose time there is well remembered, such as the literary figures Walt Whitman, Richard Wright and Marianne Moore (the latter, who moved to Fort Greene in 1929 to be nearer her brother, the chaplain at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, was a diehard Dodgers fan, often seen at Ebbets in her trademark black cape and tricorn hat).
So, what about the ones that entered my life and exited without leaving such a mark? For me, I think they were still special and I learned things from them. Mostly things about what and who to avoid in life in general, lol, but I’m thankful for them because they also helped me learn how to be happy and live a positive lifestyle. Yet, sometimes it feels hard to let the bad things go and it’s a trait I’m trying to improve always. If a younger person asked me for advice about what he should do to make life interesting and successful I would tell him “travel and make many friends.”
Let's take this subject by subject here. Currently, I am a volunteer tutor at a local elementary school. It's fun, and I enjoy the kids, but it is also part of a school project that I am thoroughly becoming more and more stressed over. I don't use a planner, and my memory is slowly going down the tubes, so I guess you could say that the stress caused by that is my own silly fault. My concluding statement? College is hard.
Of course, if the Communist Party wins, they'll add to it because today's public schools are achieving the manifest.
What is your Shaman Birth Totem?
Leading the Liberty was Plenette Pierson, who finished the night with 19 points. Rounding out the scorers were Nicole Powell (15) and Pondexter (14).
Seventeen year old faery Penelope Hue is stuck between two worlds. She lives in a faery Colony settled outside a human town. The Council that rules her Colony hasn’t let anyone into the Queen’s realm in years. No one knows why. So she breaks the rules, disguises herself as a human, and sneaks into the town nearby. She finds comfort, a home almost, in their ways.
So many beers, so little time. I stopped taking notes and kicked back and enjoyed the festival. My GBBF balance sheet was well in the black. The only time it strayed into the red was due to the, sometimes, oppressive and stifling heat in Earl's Court and trying to get some drinking water to cool me down and rehydrate. Despite this it was a fantastic couple of days and I'm already looking forward to next year's at Olympia.
Footnote: Following the What Price Privacy Now? report of 2006, the Daily Mail was shown to have asked the Whittamores of this world for investigative help no fewer than 850 times. Executive Mail editor Paul Dacre banned the use of private investigators after the case. In the 18 months following that decision, fully eleven Mail journalists (and the Sunday Times hack Holly Watt) joined the Telegraph Group.
If he can manage to tear himself away from the exhausting task of “improving the quality” of the prosecution product that he promotes, (i.e. slashing staff and destroying in-house morale), he might just like to open a copy of the Bribery Act (Section 2 is the bit you need Keir) and have it handy while he’s poring over the Peter Cruddas story in today’s papers.
The green paper also suggests that more and more land will come under state ownership. First, by introducing ceilings on land in private ownership, it implicitly requires commercial farmers with more land than the maximum to dispense with the ‘excess'. The State could decide to expropriate ‘excess' land at valuations decided by the valuer-general.
Have a nice day and come back tomorrow again for another post!!
Some things are set in stone and treated like they were Commandments handed down from the mount, eternal and unaltered for all time.
The argument as to whether we’re a better team with some pace up front remains a valid one, but the argument as to whether we’re better with Jones in the side has surely bitten the dust. The Trinidadian just doesn’t do it often enough. To an extent, it’s a chicken/egg situation, given how well he played at times last season – has an extended stay on the sidelines exacerbated his decline, or would he have struggled anyway? Regardless, it’s hard to see how he can be of much more use to us, and if we can find a team that can afford his considerable wages (QPR? Celtic?) then it seems a no-brainer to cut our losses. It’s probably best for all concerned.
The next son was twenty-one.
I have been good all day.
What did you think of the episode? Leave me a comment.
What Did I Tell You – Reigning Sound
For the flight simulator download, the following steps are needed: * Firstly, there is need to chose an aircraft that you wish to fly on and then download it from the internet and remember to save in a folder with a proper name so that you do not get confused.
Lead Role of the Serial Hitler Didi is Indira Sharma, Rishi Kumar and Ricky Diwan. One Of The Top Ranked Indian Drama Serial in The History of Zee TV Accodring To Target Rating Point . The Latest Episode of Hitler Didi Will Update Here After Release On Tv Channels . So Do Not Go Any Way You are in Right Place .
The Curve'. I've no idea where it will actually be shown, but
Lynne Hoppe For the most part I don't feel like I'm in charge of getting in the groove... its the groove that's in charge and it lets *me* know when we're ready to roll! Oh I can try and encourage it by looking through art books or walking in the woods, but if the groove isn't there, that isn't going to do much. I've always felt like the groove, or muse, is in charge, not me. And without it I can't even decide what colors to use, much less where to start.
It is definitely one to visit for those of you who enjoy scarey stories!
The Plot: Sadye and her best friend, Demi, have been accepted to the summer drama camp at Wildewood Summer Institute. Sadye (well, technically Sarah, but Sadye is so much better, don't you think?) knows that this will be the best summer of her life, in part because it's getting her out of Brenton, Ohio.
19. Making me special dinners and wonderful memories.
Have a wonderful week and thanks for stopping by.
Anyone who sees 'Reka Sang' slouching around in the upper decks of cyber space, do cajole her to come back please...as said she is moody and cantankerous, gets offended easily. Will this be enough praise to melt her heart??
Best Buy $22.99 (DVD/Blu-Ray), $27.99 (DVD/Blu-ray/Digital $22.99 after Coupon)
Are we, as the Body of Christ, guilty of this?
the body a vessel
- Worsted weight acrylic yarn in tan and brown for acorns and in colors of your choice for leaves
Enjoying sun? Finally spring is here, crisp sun, budding green leaves, cheerful people and so far 16 hrs daylight, Bliss! With joyous attitude I have three happy news to share.
Led by Virgin Australia’s Creative Director, Hans Hulsbosch, the new designs are inspired by the ceiling and flooring “leaf” designs in the Virgin Australia lounges, and have been created exclusively for the 777 fleet. The design and color palette creates a strong brand connection across the Virgin Australia journey.
After my first time at The Wave, I have made it a part of my “must hit list” of Disney restaurants.
More than what Christopher Lao did, there are other things that made me think about, like:
There are several ways for you to electronically get non-interactive e-tutorials and e-pictorials that you purchase.
The Yo Gabba Gabba LIVE shows are the best live kids shows, hands down! Check the tour dates for a location near you! Tonight we're going to the show in Upper Darby (Philadelphia), anyone else?
Ok, so our baby boy has been stubbornly head up for about a month now. With our due date less than 3 weeks away, we are trying quite a few things to get him to turn. But do you know how many things people say to do to get your baby to turn head down? Laying on an inclined iron board for an hour each day, swimming, crawling everywhere, doing certain back stretches, putting pillows under your bottom, having an ice pack on the top of your belly and a hot pack on the bottom, going to a chiropractor or an acupuncturist, and even more!
The only wood I bought was for the main frame work, this I got cheap, the only other things I had to buy were something for the roof ( I've used felt) and wire mesh for the run, and to patch up the fencing where the coop now lives.
Shahryar Mazgani was born in Iran but moved to Portugal when he was just five. In 2005, Mazgani was considered one of the 20 best new European acts by French magazine Les Inrockuptibles. He has three albums and 2010's Song Of Distance, where this month's track is taken from, was acclaimed by the Portuguese media as one of the best rock records of the year.
Now, I should point out that the Zebra Z-Grip ballpoint is not a bad pen. In fact, if all you ever used were ballpoints, you might even find it halfway decent.
Yesterday my work cohorts and I took ourselves to a warehouse to pack boxes of foods for children, which was rewarding, but not without its tribulations.
Here's the end of June update for the gardens. There's really not much to report - it is just a garden, but it is our garden, our first garden at that.
And the knock of sailing boats on the net webbed wall
I'm afraid I don't have much to say right now, and even if I did, I don't have time to say it, since I haven't finished packing yet! Sure, I could make a trip or two home during the week, but I'd rather spend my time with friends, not driving/bussing into the suburbs to pick up stuff from home.
(Editor’s note: Julianna is also a 13-year old girl at heart. She has “Bieber Fever” and has tried unsuccessfully to convert me into a Bieber fan in class! Ha!).
In a pan, add real maple syrup and butter, cook over low heat until butter is melted. Next, stir in brown sugar until completely dissolved. If you desire, add walnuts.
5. Dizzy Busy Bluesman (Oberg, Lamb) 4:32
1. Attaching them directly from your computer. For your photos to show in the message they must be less than 1mb (1,024kb) in size. If they are larger than 1mb they will show up as an attachment and anyone wanting to see the photo will have to click on the attachment to open it. For information on resizing your photos see this post: http://myfaqcricutds.blogspot.com/2010/12/resizing-pictures-to-upload-to-message.html
I must sign off now. Murdoch Senior is about to give evidence and, the way this thing is going, he probably has pictures of Osborne, in a wig and cocktail dress, zipping up a red sports-bag.
As the best nail polish. Ever.
I love that there are dies that accompany this set, making this card come together quickly! Love that! To give my typewriter and paper some disressing, I used a ripped piece of cardstock rubbed in the Deep Lagoon ink to run on the edges of the die-cut images in random places. I love the look.
Particularly notable is a July 11, 1949 document that refers to the FBI’s desire to acquire “world-wide information on animal diseases and animal population.”
Just like my beloved sewing I also have more than one knitted project on the go at one time (oh and a crochet one too!). Sometimes I need a "no brainer" back and forth kinda knit that I can haul out into the backyard and clickety clack while one babe fossicks about the vegie patch for another fat bean to gobble and the other investigates his chubby feet on a rug beside me.
"And now, gentlemen," he continued, "if you are ready, we will begin the first step. Eric, you will act as witness and recording secretary."
THE MILESTONE TAPES was born of something very true, I twisted it for the sake of fiction, but there is a thread of fact woven in.
But, all is not over for Chelsea, as they would be eager than before to win the Champions League. It would not only bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge, but also grant them a place for Champions League football next season. If blues win the trophy, Chelsea would qualify for Champions league and the team that finishes in the fourth spot (in EPL) this season will be automatically rejected for Champions League and would be sent to the Europa League.
In her exquisitely written fantasy debut, Rachel Hartman creates a rich, complex, and utterly original world. Seraphina’s tortuous journey to self-acceptance is one readers will remember long after they’ve turned the final page.
I just watched a rain come through and it made me smile. It’s not summer yet, but I remember longing for a summer rain when I was little.
Valles's confession was obtained at a military base where he was allegedly beaten, according to his attorney, a public defender. He has not been charged in the consulate killings, though he is charged with killing rival gang members, including members of an enterprise known as the Artistic Assassins, or "Double A's," who operate as contract killers for the Sinaloa cartel. Sinaloa is vying for control of billion dollar drug-trafficking routes through the Juarez-El Paso corridor.
Mothers... don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys. Or bullfighters I say; unless your child enjoys florescent clothing and has a strong desire to suffer a painful humiliating death in front of a crowd of entertained on-lookers.
The front pillars are too narrow, the main block of the house is too broad and squat, the entablature is both improperly proportioned and top-heavy, and the wings look like garages made to appear as parts of the house. The whole idea behind the design seems to have been, “Oh well, that’s close enough.” The Texas State Library took over the place in 1998, operating it as an archive of Daniel’s life and political career.
See the Who's Zoo? entry below to get an idea as to why I'm suddenly interested in this British band. The sound may be glam rock-ish, but Jarvis Cocker's voice makes me think of a mix between The National's Matt Berninger and Arcade Fire's Win Butler—except British, I guess. Anyway, the songs here are rhythmically propulsive and sonically voluptuous enough to add life and color to Cocker's self-involved lyrics. I enjoyed listening to this and look forward to hearing more from Pulp.
and giving me a "gift" I will never forget.
Like, you know what you want to do...you just have trouble getting it done?
Hope you all get to spend some wonderful time with loved ones today!!
But if you only hear one thing
The most important accessory for men is a wristwatch and choosing one amongst so many kinds and types can become mind boggling! Today the accessory market is filled with vast styles and range of wristwatches that is has become quite confusing and also difficult to choose the best one. But it can really become easy if you know what you want and what features you watch should have.
Lovingly Lu
I should also point out that the prices were pretty good too. In fact, a restaurant with these prices would sit quite nicely in Sheffield with starters at around £6-£7, mains at around £18 and desserts at around £7. The wines are a little pricier and the wine list is incredibly daunting as it's all French. Not wanting to automatically go for the house option and not wanting to plunge for the Pinot Noir, on the basis that it was the only one I knew, I asked our waiter for advice. He suggested Les Rabasses, which at £40.40 was probably double what I would usually spend on a bottle (certainly in Sheffield anyway), but we trusted the waiter and went for it. It was a good choice and having little to no knowledge of French wines I was very glad to have someone else make the decision for me!
Another resource for immigration assistance is an “accredited representative.” An accredited representative has been recognized by the U.S. government as having the skill and training to assist people with their immigration matters. These representatives work with a nonprofit community or religious organization. A list of accredited representatives is available at www.usdoj.gov/eoir/statspub/raroster.htm.
The result, "Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime," is a common story about a father-son relationship, told in an uncommon way. Video Listen to Darrell Griffin read excerpts from his son's journal »
However ambush marketing tactics have been used in the past and are being used at the current World Cup.
Lots to think about today.
Why, “Inner child”? Why should my emotional being not be adult, and be seen to be adult?
The same deluded neo Marxists of course never seem to criticise Islamic countries who use not only Capital Punishment but a range of quite frankly "stone age" punishments.
I'll put it on top so you can enjoy it while you read.
Answer the following questions with Yes or No.
Mory Kante: 1st choir
So what am I today? Maybe that would help me figure out what I was going to do with the last beautiful Sunday afternoon in October. I have the urge to call in sick but I'm not scheduled to work. I think I'll do it anyway.
Here's more about the firm's early premises:
Rebecca Minkoff - What I loved most about Rebecca Minkoff is the over-sized sweaters. Those are basically my staple item right now so I can't wait to keep wearing them next year! I also love the subtle colors mixed with neutrals, definitely every-day wearable.
When I read this, I sense that Jeremiah didn’t say it in a calm and collected manner. No, I should think he said it passionately, showing his frustration and angst, and even betraying a hint of anger in his voice. Perhaps the first words he muttered through gritted teeth, knowing that God is righteous and good, but annoyed that he was not seeing it in his life and the world around him.
Geographies of preference, or preferences of geography?
Do you often times hear yourself say things like, I am sick and tired of my job or these people make me sick? Through one’s repeated thoughts, words and deeds, one forms affirmations. Basically, you can repeat a certain phrase over and over until your subconscious mind accepts what you are saying as a fact, whether you recognize it or not.
The final vote result proved it. Despite the colossal baggage McCain and the GOP carried, and colossal advantages Obama and the Democrats had, the majority of white moderate and conservative voters, and a large segment of young whites and independents still voted for McCain. In the nearly two years since Obama's election, Palin has been the GOP stalking horse to stampede the herd of moderates and conservative independents even further away from Obama.
As many of you know, I currently have what seems like a thousand collections going. I can't help it. There're just so many great cards, magazines, kicks and posters out there to collect. One of the first actions that got me back into the hobby several years back was the rediscovering of late 90's SPx inserts. Mainly, the '98 SPx Duo View hockey cards, '97 and '98 SPx Pro Motion basketball cards, the '97 SPx Cornerstones baseball cards and the '97 and '98 SPx Pro Motion football cards. With the exception of the '98 Pro Motion cards, these sets are all very similar featuring cool die cut designs and crystal clear holograms. Because of those design attributes, I've always liked them.
It was beautiful, if not the city.
"Lyra!" I exclaimed in surprise and grabbed my sister by the arm. "You're so going to get in trouble with Dad!"
their embrace
these shots are from the last week or so - i think a combination of dashing out at sunset one day and going to the park another sunday. there is just something dreamy to me about the pink cherry blossoms - they look like tiny cotton candy roses and i was tempted to snack on them...sorta. the weekend was quiet....mostly. friday night i had dinner under the lemon slice smile of the moon while listening to acoustic guitar players and chatting with friends. saturday was spent cleaning and sunday was spent in errands and getting things done to being out of town. excuse, but perhaps those in charge could squeeze out an extra day in the weekends?
knowledge without ignorance
About 7 years about I went on Weight Watchers and started working out daily and lost 30lbs in 3 months. I’m determined to get that motivation and mindset again. I just need to find it and stick with it instead of getting discouraged so easily.
Malaysians have been punished enough for the STAR’s oversight. Badu’s concert was cancelled last minute and surely this had hurt the “sensitivities” of her thousands of fans in Malaysia. But who cares about you right? Unless you fit in the political equation.
This is an improvement over Christmas, when I had a few cards printed and never mailed. The letter was put online, and that was it.
GPS Woman’s Plan B directed me past my station (no hug from Saleem today!) to the entrance ramp for the highWAYS. There’s always more than one at any entrance ramp in Metro DC. Case in point: this entrance had three. GPS Woman felt I should stay to the right. I felt confident about choosing Ramp Number One on the far left. Take THAT, GPS Woman!
We lose each other.
If you’re thinking it sounds remote and insanely difficult, you should talk to the people who live there. Most of them look as if they have found paradise. Some have swapped a busy city life for a cosy cottage with a front garden that runs right down to the shore of Loch Nevis. Others, like our friends Iain and Jo Wilson who are organic sheep farmers, are completely in tune with the landscape while making a living from the land; they enjoy its beauty and unspoilt freedom every waking minute.
of the house to show you....some of you will just be gasping for breath after laughing so hard!!
Crude? You bet. Fun? Better than an Indie forum firefight. In fact, fanzines invented the flame war. One of the first practitioners of the flame war was a guy from Providence named Howard Lovecraft. When “H P Lovecraft” wasn’t calling down astrologers in the newspapers, or ripping into Edgar Rice Burroughs for not portraying Mars correctly, he critiqued other people’s stories. That is until he met a kid from California named Forest Ackerman. Whew, was that something. Later, along came cratchity Harlan Ellison, frenetic Ray Bradbury, and a boy from Florida whose name was almost as long as his state: Linwood Vrooman Carter.
Finally at the end of the pregnancy, I was eager for it to be over and that's when the rash started.
What would be nice now is to see the development of something similar for the elite athletes themselves. A move that most certainly would lead ultimately to a restructuring of the sport itself. Until then, its good to see that the coaches are taking a leadership role and that one of their stated goals lies in the elimination of performance enhancers in the sport!
Now that we're home and unpacked and the laundry is done and put away (!!!), I think a wrap-up is in order. Chances are, this isn't our last trip to the Magic Kingdom, and we learned quite a bit about how we are when we take our show on the road.
And that was the demos. Since I already know how to bake relatively well, I didn't learn too much from the actual demos themselves. I did get to ask quite a few questions (hopefully without bugging the rest of the people in the class) and found out some useful things about using beer in baked goods. The major piece of information and something I may try in the future is that you can replace liquids with beer in stuff that doesn't call for it though don't replace things like buttermilk or yogurt. Obviously, the beer you pick will effect the flavor so be careful there but it's worth a try.
I only drank wine when I lost all of my weight before, so that’s my plan right now. Wine = good, beer/liquor = bad. One could look at it this way; Wine is like eating fruit while beer and liquor are like eating large slices of bread. It’s a true analogy, no joke. If it wasn’t for the chicken nachos I made last night, this has been a pretty successful diet week for me. I think I am finally back on my game, and determined to get this weight off. Although, I did forget how annoying and slow of a process it is to do it healthy; 2 lbs per week only? Gah!
You may house their bodies but not their souls,
Denise Lenore Benedetto, 40, New York, N.Y.
Treasurer: Joe Rini
Do you know people who have trouble sharing power and responsibility? Are there places in your life where you need to be letting others in? What makes it difficult for us to do that?
More blood.
MOM: “Now here are the rules: do not ask me for anything, do not poke the packages of meat in the butcher section, do not test the laws of physics and try to take out the bottom can in the pyramid shaped display, do not play baseball with oranges in the produce section, and most importantly, do not try to leave your brother at the store. Again.”
I have a lot to say and rather than split it up, just read the parts you are interested in please! :)
Let's see, I stepped away to change the baby's diaper and now the beer has a chewy malty element to it. I get a touch of metal in the finish, but the beer is rather enjoyable. I'm also get a bit of some citrus hops as well. 3 Star
You still nurse in the morning, evening and at naptimes and I'm so pleased with us for sticking it out this long. There have been times, in the last few months especially, where all of your little friends at playschool have been sick, I've even been sick, and you've been just fine. I know that nursing is making you stronger and healthier, and it gives you and I guaranteed quiet time each day to snuggle and be together. Nursing is so wonderful that I'm actually sometimes sad for you, thinking you won't ever get to nurse a baby yourself. Sometimes, though, when you're nursing your dad will come lie down and cuddle with us . . . we make a Meyers sandwich with you snuggled in the middle. That, you'll be able to do with your own little nugget someday . . . it makes me happy to think of it!
In 1978 Cork Corporation opened Ireland’s first purpose made municipal golf course in the area with some financial assistance from the Golfing Union of Ireland. The course was officially opened on 3 September 1980 and was named the Ted McCarthy Municipal Golf Course after a long-serving local councillor.
Hippie in My House by Halden Wofford & The Hi-Beams
“The men, all of whom live in Newburgh, about 60 miles north of New York City, were arrested around 9 p.m. after planting what they believed to be bombs in cars outside the Riverdale Temple and the nearby Riverdale Jewish Center, officials said. But the men did not know the bombs, obtained with the help of an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, were fake.” NYTimes article said.
No campfires (which means no smores....definitely a downside), no tents (really, is there a downside to that omission?) no sore back from sleeping on the ground......
Well let's see what you guys do think.
Someone I could see.
The other day, I received an interesting email from an unschooling parent who said that their partner expressed some concerns that unschooling may not be "working." That's a really fascinating concept. I could not help but focus on that word - "working." How would we define working in our own family? What kinds of indicators or assessments would we use to determine whether or not unschooling works?
Built in just two years despite being located over railway lines, Earl's Court Exhibition Centre opened with the Chocolate and Confectionery Exhibition on 1 September 1937. In order for this building to be constructed, its engineers LG Mouchel & Partners had to work out how to build the foundations. Reinforced concrete beam work of great strength was the answer, raising the building over the tracks with columns and girders. One beam is 30 metres long, 5 metres wide and weighs over a thousand tons. That may sound excessive, but it's supporting a weight of over 4,000 tons!
It holds all of the soft toys with a bit of room for some more! And Casper loves rocking the boat and climbing in and out of it.
In January, I started grad school in English at UT in Austin.
“It is a great temptation to break from tradition when they are away from their family, said Ms. Bazaeva. “They have a good time, but it is not without consequences, not in Chechnya.”
Take my tip, they're all molto hip -- in -- Italy.
I've created a PDF that you can print off for the pages of your activity book.
I explained all this to Jen and Grace and little by little some other people.
they round the phallic Maypole
And I have to admit that I love stepping back into my teacher shoes.
Without going into too much detail, I had a middle-aged patient with a very serious respiratory disorder caused by smoking. This patient was just so lazy. He never wanted to bathe, he would try to distract me when I prompted him to do mouth care (which I explained to him was essential when on oxygen therapy... but judging by his rotting teeth, he didn't do much mouth care when he wasn't on oxygen therapy, either), then he was in a foul mood and snapped at me when I would try to get him to do anything to help himself. His lower legs and feet were dark, leathery, and swollen due to the poor oxygenation to the tissues, but he didn't seem to think there was anything wrong with them and would almost smirk when I would ask about pain (as in, like, WHY would I think they would be painful??). The only thing he was concerned with was when breakfast was coming (oh, did I forget to mention he was obese?)! This was a person who had so many opportunities to improve his condition, but he was choosing not to. Then he was a grump to me.
Men who sunk the pilings and mixed the mortar are laid
5) Do you have a secret talent?
I guess this obsession explains why I have an ENDLESS supply of inspirational flower arrangements, but enough about me, let's see what I have to share with you today!
Aerin Bender-Stone
This team is where you refer to for advice; they give the best because they work hard to provide the best. They are available online; this will make shopping while consulting time-effective. But they will also be happy to take your call, and guide you through the options that will fit your interest better. This way you get the information that you need from Home Office Furniture allowing you to make an informed decision. Without information your investment maybe misdirected, and for your office, this is not what you need. The team has ranged their products in many forms allowing you to make an option and place the order right away.
What voice and capital we have, as the cultural minority, should not be spent in political protest against non-Christians because they are acting like non-Christians. Pastor Andrew, and others that engage the culture in his terms, need to re-orient their thinking and expectations of the culture. And I suspect that such protests have more to do with political resistance to changes to the status quo than real concern for sin.
Alas, in my constant albeit somewhat restricted forage for pinks I was thinking I had nothing to share as I’ve been working on weddings and 4th of July projects and then I remembered, one of my customers had asked me to design a Baptism invitation for their daughter’s upcoming baptism. And what were the colors? Yes, white, silver and PINK!
Here is a story about Gautama and agriculture from the Siva Purana.
But wait! Prohibition of any kind does not work! It wasn’t long before there was a sequel:
Well, my hubby and I put the Beans in her pack in play and did a workout routine together in the field by our house. It was a good workout and I am still a little sore from it. I failed to wake up early this morning like I wanted to start doing because I didn’t get to bed until pretty late. I need to rectify that big time. If I am going to be working out regularly, I need to have a better sleep routine.
Would you eat them on a plate
Add half the balsamic vinegar to the pan and turn up the heat so it bubbles and reduces, when its reduced quite a bit, add the rest of the vinegar. Keep it bubbling but don't let it reduce to nothing.
I bought an instructional DVD by Kelly Joe Phelps and I was away. I started coming across more contemporary lap slide players like John Butler, Xavier Rudd and Indian slide players like Debashish Batachariya. I listened to what they were doing and tried to figure out – how.
5) L. can’t at the moment pedal a bike, swing a swing, hold a pencil well, copy a shape, cut with scissors, catch a ball, put together a puzzle (though mentally he can talk through the task).
Maybe my parents didn’t know I cared about my multi-racial status. Hopefully my friends didn’t notice my effort, but it was certainly there.
The key to entering into silence and solitude begins with a willingness to abandon all distractions. Silence and solitude are an invitation to search and explore both the outward and inward dynamics of our hearts that we work so hard to ignore. Embarking on this journey requires quieting the mind and body and adopting an external awareness of what affects the five senses. Ask yourself:
They told him that he could surely be their chosen man.
I don't want to say another empty prayer
Employees at the six biggest banks made twice the average for all U.S. workers in 2010, based on Bureau of Labor Statistics hourly compensation cost data. The banks spent $146.3 billion on compensation in 2010, or an average of $126,342 per worker, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That’s up almost 20 percent from five years earlier compared with less than 15 percent for the average worker. Average pay at the banks in 2010 was about the same as in 2007, before the bailouts.
It's fun watching the girls as they try to get people to believe in them, because they learn that although their powers can help people, people need to be dealt with carefully in order to believe in magic. Once they do start to believe in the girls, then chaos descends as the plot heats up.
The Colts did slightly abandon the defence, but they should at least be fun to watch.The colts are far too terrible to make a meteoric turn-around in one season, so expect to see a season replicating that of the Panthers from last season. Grade A-
Mocha is a 23 y/o book lover from Canada with a passion for reading young adult novels, pink frosting covered cupcakes, and strong lattes. In her free time, she enjoys blogging about her favorite reads and enjoys communicating with other fellow bloggers.
Slave of Love
Many negative feeling arise from feeling sidelined, or “other-ed”
14- E mi Viene da Pensare 2.20
Gotta get out of here, get it all off my mind
I have a bit of a thing for little mini mousse cups.
He vanished a day after arriving in South Africa for a business deal in February – and shortly afterwards he had called his wife, Christiane, to tell her he had been involved in accident and needed her to transfer à1-million to a bank account.
Some of you may not know that I have TWO passions. Design is one - which is probably how you found this blog of mine ;) - and the other is fitness.
Johannesburg - Four policemen charged with the murder of a man in police detention appeared in the Athlone Magistrate's Court in Cape Town on Monday, the Independent Complaints Directorate said.
When I punched the words 'paul smith cycling' into youtube after strict instructions from my friend Josh and I watched the above video, it sealed the deal. I sat smiling as I watched the screen (maybe in the same way my Mum used to watch the screen back in the days when George Clooney was on ER) but less out of inappropriately lusty affection and more in line with my simplistic utterings of 'he's just so nice..' Smith talks about his teenage love of racing bikes and the dreams he had of cycling professionally before a careless run-in with a car left him in hospital for three months. He ended up falling in with a local group of art, design and fashion students and after deciding that realistically he would never be good enough to race professionally found himself attracted to the world of design. His love of bikes has remained though and it shows in the video (from a couple of years ago when he collaborated with Derby-based Mercian Cycles) as he smooths the leather of the Brooks saddle and talks about how using larger nails to hammer the fabric onto the seat was "I suppose like saying you were part of a certain club or something." An already existing love for something seems to be the only catalyst when it comes to collaborations which is plainly why Paul Smith as a brand has always maintained such a strong and interesting identity.
VHLEN Blog (vhlenblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The Court believes and so holds that there was nothing inherently wrong in the actuations of the Secretary of Agriculture and Natural Resources and of the Director of the Bureau of Forestry; the Court concurs with their opinion that in order to terminate the litigation between all the parties here, the most proper procedure was for petitioners to institute voluntary registration proceedings; nor can petitioners claim that equity is with him in the meantime since as already stated above, much can be said about the excess in his area. The result will be dismissal. . . .
Occasion: When you are looking for true stories of people impacted by war.
Thankfully, there was never any scent or taste to it. It could have been water from the surrounding air, condensing on his body, and returning to its liquid form, for all I knew…
Inks: Black, Versamark
I am lucky to have such a friend in my life. I’m horribly aware that some people don’t have anyone. I know there are people who care about me. I know there are people who love me. And I know, that in knowing this…I am becoming Real. And it will be for always.
“Yeah, well, you know since High School
But that moment of temptation, however brief, scared the living shit out of me. I called my friend Mark, who is the co-chairman of our local AA chapter, and one of the strongest people I've ever known. He and I went through recovery together, and we both have over 20 years of sobriety. I told him what had just happened, and his voice was reassuring. Never forget what it was like, he said. Remember all those lonely nights of despair and hopelessness, and never go there again. Never.Again.
My goal was to explore the multiple meanings of this place, and how people created a sense of community through local institutions like the church, the schools, the workplace. At its heart, it is a study of community and families, one that I hope is honest as it also honors the place that so many people have such strong ties to, even today.
Afro Leo usually discusses changes in IP laws or interesting cases dealing with a suspected infringement of someone’s IP, but today Afro Lea has an opportunity to highlight a different kind of IP development from Nigeria: the creation of new intellectual property for Nigeria’s voting registration system.
Having taken off in the celebrity world, it's not unusual to see everyday women at it too.
CR: A lot, lot of things brings out the 16yr old drama-queen in me (maybe because she's never that far ...) : the bridges of the Seine, a good coffee at a table outside a café, small streets in the Marais, grumpy Parisian people, boutiques (hell yeah !), museums, the smell of the air ... And the weird part is, sometimes the things I love the most are the ones getting the most on my nerves, and inversely. This city can totally drive you crazy. I love it.
Ann Romneys' son tweeted
Our #2 son is 12 years old and is one sweet heart of a kid. At least once a day he calls for "Hug Time"! Which starts out as a hug, but usually ends with him trying to crack my back. We are about the same size, so he usually does a pretty good job! #2 has some special needs and is in Special Ed at school. He has a great teacher that is helping me learn to navigate the system. Due to his special needs he is an immature 12 year old, but he is super sweet and still wants me around so I will take immature for awhile. He has a stuffed animal cow that he loves named Moo Moo. I used to love cows and had a stuffed cow in his room when he came for his first weekend. I know it sounds silly, but I considered it to be something of a sign that we should adopt the boys. We are learning his triggers for bad behaviors and working on ways to prevent bad behaviors and correct bad behaviors.
“Ye-no.”
JORDAN: I would like to try my hand at making larger animals. Maybe creating pieces that are full scale creatures interacting in a imagined environment. I also really love repeat patterns and create them as digital designs that are sometimes turned into printed fabric. It would be great to bridge the two forms of art instead of keeping them as separate ventures.
My word, I've been busy this week!
We started actually writing books nearly six years ago. The first book took two years, off and on, to complete. Needless to say the first book is the most difficult because you are still getting the process down and there is still a bit of trepidation. It’s hard to convince yourself that you should even be writing a book.
So, we've had 3 nights of frost this week (see the frost on the car), and most of next week has that potential. According to the farmers, sweet cherry blossoms are fatally damaged at 25 degrees, and apples and sour cherries at 24 degrees. We got below that last night. Serviceberries are wild. I have no idea what temperatures they can survive.
In the weeks and months that followed, I began to organize a performance every month. With the help of some of the seasoned musicians, I started a group jam. Every other Friday, and eventually every week, there was music in downtown once more. That first gig of mine was a catalyst for the reinvigoration of the local artistic community that had been dormant for a few years. I prided myself that I had brought it back through my effort of a singular performance. Everyone from professionals to amateurs came from all over the countryside to be a part of what I had started. It didn’t matter what each person’s skill level was in the jam group, everyone would have a few beers and a great time. Nobody was apprehensive because we were all there to learn from each other. We knew we weren’t the best, except for the professionals and the old timers, but none of us were there to be the best. It was all for the love of doing it.
Several years ago Dragon magazine published a series about how to run a Gith invasion of the Prime Material Plane and some of the best games I've ever run or played in had some sort of invasion meta-plot. But how does one go about effectively running this type of campaign. The investment is considerable, the risk is great but the reward can be immeasurable.
Make it easier for them – and drive traffic to your website – with social sharing buttons. You’ve probably seen these images at the bottom of an article – they’re the hover-over buttons or links that let you instantly share what you just read with everyone in your social network.
~Heidi 4.26.12
Since his great success he has decided to spread ‘The Word’ in churches around the country. He recently spent time in a Las Vegas church talking about football, the Tebowing craze and his faith. It was a packed house with over 4,000 people in attendance.
STEP 3: Teammates will no longer be allowed to help up players suspected of flopping. Players who help up a teammate who is charged with a flop will be fined. In scholastic sports, teammates guilty of helping up a flopping teammate will be docked a letter grade in one class per offense, except at Ohio State, where tattoo privileges will just be revoked for one week. Teammates will be encouraged to kick fellow players who are believed to have flopped. Also, teammates and opponents will be allowed to mock a player called for a flop relentlessly throughout the game without fear of a technical foul.
Raising his arm, he opened his mouth to speak.
Take care for now,
One of my favorite recipes sources is still, two years later, Clean Eating Magazine. I'm not with it enough to know when the next issue is supposed to arrive in the mail, so when it does, it's like Christmas. I have to flip through right away, and check out the newest ideas. Spring has finally made its way to New England, and that means only one thing to my husband: it's grilling time! I went back through some old issues for any recipes that were overlooked, and rediscovered this recipe for turkey and chickpea burgers.
The summer 's gone, that's for sure. If we ever had one down here in Europe. It may be a bit naive but I'm trying to keep a carefree relaxed feeling in my head. I wonder if some simple popmusic might help to keep me going.
Il prospère ! - Il insulte, il prêche, il fait la roue ;
Just like we said on this blog about us, we have no specific genre to be focused here. We basically listen to everything and now it is time for us to write a review about a superb performance of a Japanese rock (J-rock) band called L’arc en Ciel—or we can also call them simply as Laruku—on May 2nd 2012. Their show in Jakarta, Indonesia was a part of World Tour 2012 as a celebration for being in the band for 20 years. Other than Jakarta, L’arc en Ciel also visited Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, London, France, New York and Singapore.
Taxco, Mexico is known for its silver. There used to be several mines in the area, but now I think there are only one or two. Silverworkers hand-craft jewelry, spoons, and other items for sale. Other silver items are made by machine -- but there is a company that only works silver on commission, hand-working sets of utensils and other silver items. They also design a unique pattern that they use only once, so that no one else in the world will have your set of silver. I kind of wish I was rich enough to do that.
Bloomberg will announce the widespread job reductions and service cuts as he tries to close the nearly $3.3 billion budget deficit the city is facing next year.
the length of the outspread arms is equal to the height of a man
Centuries ago Broder Calderson committed murder. As punishment, he was given over to the dominion of Loki, the Trickster God, made part of the Brotherhood of the Damned and condemned to an immortal life of battle against the Blight, blood-drinkers from Hel.
I'll be honest with you. It feels just slightly weird to jump from pretty little girls eating cupcakes to creepy gross halloween stuff, but I am not the sort that goes in for cute on Halloween. I DO have some adorable ideas sorted for the treats I am going to prepare for our upcoming (fast!) All Hallows party. Today we will be making the invites (although Facebook seems to have made that redundant) and I will take photos to share... but in the meantime, our transitional "cute" will be these goodies. 'Cause from here on in, it's going to be much less twee!
Big ideas are the foundation of a great Science Fiction story. Where fantasy enchants, science fiction inspires. I know I’ve enjoyed the read when I put down a Sci Fi book and find my brain spinning as I ponder the implication of a technology or social development.
Making the blog’s contents more in line with my personal devotion has assured that I’m more active in posting; I’d like to build up an audience so that I can discuss the details of this at length with others, and of course to get more feedback on my writing. Thinking ahead to Theophylact’s commentary, I find that if one keeps in mind that this is a devotional of the Gospels first, and the commentaries are only aids as useful as their capacity to highlight the Gospel, they are in fact rather useful; I hesitate to give my endorsement after only three chapters, but I suspect that they contain explanations we ought to hear.
What? Two posts in one day?? Absolutely. Mainly because this is one organization that I absolutely love and want to share as soon as possible.
16. Rooster…Obviously the fact that I am an early riser… always have been.
Maybe coincidently, maybe not, there are reports of two bank robberies in Dnipropetrovsk whilst the police were all rather busy.
I guess I'm just an old fashioned girl who prefers to blog rather than go on FaceBook or other Social networks. I don't know anyone on FaceBook anyway so finding people to "chat" to is proving hard to do. So if you find me there, give me a shout! (I actually don't know much about either, but blogging is the easier option)
i have had this large, ornate mirror for the last 8 years and have used it in several different rooms in our previous homes.
WW: "Well if it is still at the store maybe you can pick it up."
Hey, it's St. Patty's Day! Luck o' the Irish to you!
I've probably lost all of my followers because of my sporadic blogging, LOL.
Even though personally I am not an illustrator or intend to take illustration seriously as a career, I gained a lot of knowledge and even a respect for children’s picture books. It is a platform for innovation and storytelling, and I would draw upon this area for inspiration.
Hey, how about a Hoochie Dimsum combo at Hooter's!
To symbolize moving on, thousands, I mean literally thousands of balloons were blown up with the word “Let it Go” imprinted on them. Each attendee then wrote down the various problems, people, experiences, etc. they needed to move on from. Even if I don’t receive an official apology, I forgive, so that I can be forgiven.
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
After all the songs were done a master tape was created, Noah and Adam photocopied tape covers whose artwork was just as hodge podge as the music they created- I loved it. I bought like 70 blank cassettes and we all took turns home dubbing the bastards. We sold them at shows and I even traded some copies to distros back in the day who truthfully most have been absolutely perplexed when they heard this fuzzy, lo fi racket. I feel sometimes I am the only person that got the band and felt as intensely as I did about them. But then I talk to other folks from eastern Long Island who felt the same way, so perhaps it is just a eastern Suffolk thang.
From now on, my photo for this week’s challenge (which is another favorite of mine) will remind me of the colors (yellows and oranges) enjoyed by those people at the West during the fall and one of my favorite fruits, the Navel Orange, ripens and harvested during the fall too.
Oh, you foolish human mortals. In offering you this letter, we break our most sacred vow, which is to prevent you from learning of our existence. Whenever we watch one of your Hollywood films and someone says, “The universe is so vast that there must be more intelligent life out there,” everyone on our planet laughs hilariously. In fact, this line is a part of many movie-oriented drinking games on our planet. We find it delightful that you people are always congratulating yourselves on your “intelligence” yet can’t figure out that so many of us are hiding from you.
Don't let appearances fool you: So, we were getting really hungry for lunch after walking around a bit. We finally settled on a burger type joint with outdoor seating. We got really lame and ordinary sandwiches for $13 (fries would've been $4 extra had we not been health conscious). We've had better sandwiches at the convenient store. Fortified with a little bit of food, we ventured to the Bellagio. We saw the posh cafes inside the old European settings. Sandwiches were $10-13 each and actually appetizing on fresh bread and gourmet ingredients. We assumed the hotels would be expensive, but if the roadside joints are selling for the same price, might as wll go upscale.
Learn
On the other hand, there is nothing more soul-sucking than being forced to sing an un-melodic, dumbed-down, modern day hymn.
O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!
One of the main talking points (but definitely not the only one) in the Trayvon Martin shooting, and in the eventual arrest of his killer, George Zimmerman, has been race. Did race play a role in Zimmerman's actions that day? Was Zimmerman unfairly judging Martin based on his skin color? If Martin was of another racial/ethnic group, would the same things have happened?
What made you decide to form this band?
-fucking Sheamus comes out with a shirt that says “18 seconds” stupid…
The biggest question facing Mozilla is whether or not it can sell users on the idea of Firefox as a content-delivery ecosystem rather than just a browser. Much of the work coming in the second half of the year is focused on delivering social integration and additional services that the group hopes willdistinguish it from Chrome and IE10. At the moment, Firefox’s appeal is hard to quantify — it’s no longer the safe, sane, alternative browser, and Chrome has usurped its reputation for speed. It still offers features and capabilities Chrome lacks, but Mozilla’s market share has slumped in recent years. If the group sticks to its roadmap, it’s got a decent chance of reversing that trend — there’s a potent mixture of performance updates, new features, and additional capabilities in the pipeline, as well as cutting-edge support for Metro and Windows 8 when the latter launches.
I went through the shelves and most of the stuff was donated only a few things stayed. The big white box had to stay that has my wedding dress in it. I still can't decide what to do with it.
If one of Damascus believed in Jesus Christ he would do well to keep silence. Otherwise he would face the wrath of this Saul of Tarsus, which could result in death. Remember the words of verse 4. “And I persecuted this way unto the death.” This matches Acts 9:1. And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest.”
Theodore Cuyler writes, “How often the soul that is frightened by a trial sees nothing but a conglomeration of broken expectations. But if he analyzes the situation from a position of faith he will soon discover that the cloud is God’s wonderful chariot of providence, full of angels of mercy.”
I am working from a different computer for a few days and can't access my InLinkz to add the linky. Leave a link in the comment section to your post and I will link them up for you once I can get the linky attached. Thanks and wishing all a Happy New Year!
Representation two.
Islam has an unmatched ability to hollow out that which it absorbs. Stripping away intellectual and artistic freedoms to replace them with a predilection for frothing, ululating, and burning effigies, having once taken possession of a stretch of the Earth’s surface, it admits no rivals to its dominion unless defeated by force of arms. Unlike an ideology such as Communism, it cannot be discredited by its material failures. It is not an economic policy that can be abandoned if it fails. One cannot try it on as one might try on a hat, free to take it off and try another if it fails to please. Once a majority of the people in a polity accept it, it will prove impossible to dislodge.
BECAUSE THE BITCH DIDN'T BRING THE COFFEE MAKER!!! She tortured us with promises of coffee, and then left us hanging....not even a note to let us know that she INTENDS to bring the pot next week/next month/next May, NOTHING.
It is confirmed. Porn star and reality TV star Sunny Leone will strip naked for a shot in her Bollywood debut film ‘Jism 2’.
On Friday we visited Marit and her boys. She’d made a lovely lasagne for dinner which was to be followed by traditional Norwegian waffles. Paul and Marit made the waffle mix together, then Marit showed Paul how much mix to put in the waffle iron, how to watch for the light to go out when they’re ready, and how to use the fork to get the finished waffles out. Then she left him to it. She has an open kitchen/dining room so we could see what was going on and he was sitting with us between waffles (while waiting for the light to go out) but was totally in charge of making them, and I have to say he made a fantastic job of it and quite honestly, it even surprised me how well he managed it. What's more, they tasted wonderful and were enjoyed by all. I have a waffle iron that I never use, but I really have to find a good recipe now and set Paul to work, making us a treat on a Saturday evening. I also need to start thinking about other cookery tasks that he may be able to do.
As might be expected in a British western, the attempt to recreate a western town in a studio leaves a little to be desired. Nevertheless, the production team did their best and gave us a set that is certainly adequate. Unfortunately, most of the American accents on offer are even less successful, but this is Doctor Who.
…is that, it can extend up to couple of hours (Especially when I’m just enjoying the `moment`);
D. Where to be: Only you know this one.
#9 - "The Obsolete Man" - What an astounding array of quotes TZ gave us, and among my favorites: "You are OBSOLETE!" Serling is firing on all eight cylinders dealing with his favorite theme - authoritarian societies. Librarian Burgess Meredith and jackboot Fritz Weaver are perfectly matched in a story that, sadly, is every bit as timely today. What would Serling think of the Tea Party? I can just guess.
16.) Some Signed and Unsigned Random Swag from Roshini
I've since been happily reunited with San Mig Light (or Cerveza Negra), but like an old flame, the reunion was bittersweet. I just can't hold my liquor like I used to. Or maybe it's but part of a larger whole.
But in my mind’s eye
in three thousand years a Mapuche-Hungarian miner
But hey - "real life" is messy, unorganized, unplanned, unexpected things stop working (like our stove for a few days!), and a work in progress. And real life isn't always happy, we don't all get along, I anger too fast at my kids and the checklist of things to do just gets longer. But when my kids go to bed and I look at these pictures, or remember that I did a cartwheel in the yard just for a laugh or the fact that Bella worked all day at getting us to "pretend to be in a marching band!" I realize real life ain't too bad. If it were only all cartwheels and no to-do lists, we'd be set! But for real - we've had a hard year. And I'm so thankful that I can see what we do have and feel blessed. Because we are.
She has had a difficult few years and in many ways her passing is a great relief to those who loved her.
1950s Orange Bathing Suit
A2 Secrets
For those of you who don't know, Tim and Faith are Country singers. New Country, not old style Country & Western. Faith has had a bit of a pop crossover as well (I'm sure just about all of you have heard "This Kiss" and "Breathe". Faith and Tim met many years ago, when they were support acts on a tour. They have now been married for a lot of years and have three daughters. They have toured together in the States, but this is their first time touring together in Australia. Adelaide was their first stop, and I bought tickets the day they went on sale.
So now its about 7:20 my time and we are heading into the Casablanca harbor. They had to turn off the stabilizers so everything is flying, in a funny way. You look out and its all sea or all sky. Our beds are flying, with us on them. When they said this would be an experience they werent lying.
However, I recently moved from upper Virginia to middle Wisconsin; sharing a split home with my sister that my Grams purchased and we are currently paying her back for. Plus, my alimony got reduced from $1000 to $300 in a battle that I wasn’t really interested in fighting. I’m temping because it’s dead winter and jobs are scarce as all get out. And we are without a vehicle so I am relying on other people to chauffeur me around. Which means, I can’t even go looking for a new job or go on interviews because if I ride in to work with a co-worker I have no way home but them. *Sarcastic* YAY!
