Thomas Wolfe said “…loneliness is the central and inevitable fact of human existence”. I don’t think that’s far from the mark. David Foster Wallace said: “We’re all lonely for something we don’t know we’re lonely for. How else to explain the curious feeling that goes around, feeling like missing somebody we’ve never even met?” This thought resonates with me too, so many I have spoken to say the very same.
3. The other change of late was that I decided to sell a lot of my old pageant stuff. I realized as much as fashion and fads change and come and go, I have to part with it now or it will become dated. No time like the present, right? There was a lot of pageant stuff I was hanging onto for absolutely no reason. I've aged out of pageants and it won't be getting used again. There are a few dresses I have that I will never ever part with because of the sentimental value, but lots of other stuff can go! I've already sold a pageant swimsuit on eBay and it felt good to earn some $!! In the coming weeks I'm going to list more of my pageant stuff on eBay and hopefully get some new clothes and spending $ for my trip to the Virgin Islands.
This is a list, formed from my own opinion, of the top 5 greatest pieces of music from science fiction films. I’ve been a huge sc-fi film buff ever since gestated in my host’s womb aboard the Nostromo . . . But I digress. On with the inevitable listage!!
Have I told you lately how I miss you
But I'm not a big fan of it.
I still need to push those 2 baskets of unfolded laundry to a spot where I can't see them.
he lay and said, 'Mother, when I die,
You may have heard that I got a new job! I am now the Nutrition Services Specialist for the Spokane School District.
Today is almost over. And I dread tomorrow. Not because it will be scary or sad (which it will) but more likely because it will be just like every other day. There will be no balloons, or first cakes or presents. Just me, the boy and a whole lot of time that I am tempted to fill so that I don't have to remember all that shit that ISN'T.
she feels safe and supported
Original Air Date: Apr 29, 2012
by dpbowma
This work was possibly commissioned by Prince Karl Eusebius of Lichtenstein (who died in 1684).
2 lives
So many reasons
* EFTPOS, credit cards or ATMs
I’ve been in space for the last three months, and boy, is it boring out here.
He's caught me off guard. I'd almost forgotten how this morning was supposed to go.
Later that night I had some tightness in my chest and a little trouble sleeping, but nothing major. The next morning was a different story. It felt like bronchitis but with really intense muscle tightness in my chest. Now by this time I had figured out what was causing it, and was prepared to easily work around it with another office day.
Till the dawn is in the sky.
The drawing will be held on Friday, June 1, 2012
Ann, walking inside the girl, was the last to depart the school bus. Chris looked back at the suicide couple for affirmation and then followed as Ann left silently, never once even glancing at him. Looking to his left as he exited the bus, he watched the bus driver take a longer than usual look at the girl as she walked away. Chris tried to read the woman’s expression but could not. All he could tell for sure was that her eyes followed the girl without a blink or a smile.
Shopping for an antique dining table can be a bit complex, as top quality and costs vary enormously. The most critical elements in pricing are: originality, duration, width, period of time, quality of wood utilised and color. antique round dining tables, antique dining tables
"The Rose of An Grianan" will always be dedicated to you.
Backup & Restore:
20.Jess Hillard & His West Virginia Hillbillies / Make Down The Bed And We'll Sleep Together
No lunch today, we had to many errands to run!
And then in route to Ireland they got sidetracked in Italy where they encountered a crazy monkey named Uga Borba who liked to bite of people’s toes. And he has this whole backstory about his dad named Gordon (when I got to this part of the story, I had to stop for like a full 20 seconds to try and think of a name for the dad, under the pretense that I was trying to “remember” it. And the best I could come up with was Gordon…) Basically Gordon had a habit of biting of people’s thumbs, but one day decided not to. And oh my goodness I am getting tired of telling this story. Just as I was getting tired of telling Miranda the pink joke back when I initially conceived the story. And no, she never figured out there was no punchline. After like two hours of me talking, I eventually just gave in and told her the catch.
The Østre Landsret seeks to ascertain whether the following situations may or must be taken into consideration for the purpose of answering Question 3(b), and if so, what weight should be given to them: i. Whether it is the broadcasting organisation or the Producer which has the final and conclusive artistic/editorial decision on the content of the commissioned programme under agreements between those parties; ii. Whether the broadcasting organisation is liable towards third parties in respect of the Producer’s obligations in relation to the recording, as if the broadcasting organisation itself had carried out those acts and omissions; iii. Whether the Producer is contractually obliged by the agreement with the broadcasting organisation to deliver the programme in question to the broadcasting organisation for a specified price and has to meet, out of this price, all expenses that may be associated with the recording; iv. Whether it is the broadcasting organisation or the Producer which assumes liability for the recording in question vis-à-vis third parties.
The stallion was very steamed up and overexcited, but with help they managed to get a halter onto it and walk it home. Since then we've been shown this video of the same horse, before it came here. It provides a clue as to how he got out of his field...and also as to why I prefer to leave catching horses to other, braver folk (sorry about the music; it's French).
Do you like my samples?
“Yada Yada Yada…”
Be Vewy Vewy Quiet, It’s Wabbit hunting season. Or it’s a show and maybe it’s the band before you, after you, or just a band that could use the support of a good audience that you would want for yourself as well. So if you can, be a good fan for someone else since you would probably want the same if you were on stage at that moment.
Just some easy tweaks and you will begin to start making better food choices, eat less food overall and guess what – you’ll even ENJOY exercise. All of these things combined will lead you to that slim, fit and healthy body that at the moment seems a long way off. But the good news is now you are aware of what you need to do to get it and all you have to do is reach out and grab it.
I popped it open and poured the very warm beer down the drain. All that fretting, my co-worker forgetting over and over about this beer. So much effort... all down the drain.
Ingrown Toenails
Researchers found that brain problems can develop faster when obesity and its common companions, diabetes and heart disease, are present. Experts summarize that people can take active steps to reduce their risk of brain impairment by maintaining a healthy weight.
ginger garlic paste 1tsp
Online resources provide a great deal of information to help you find your ideal travel arrangements in one place. Keep in mind that you will want to check out where your seats are before you purchase and that if you are booking for your entire family, that the seats are all together in the same place. Sometimes, it is possible to get the seating arrangements worked out after you purchase the tickets, but it is always a peace of mind knowing that your not going to have to hustle to make sure you aren’t on opposite sides of the plane from each other.
Tax breaks for college costs. The American Opportunity tax credit can lower your tax bill by up to $2,500 if you spend at least $4,000 in tuition, required fees, books and course materials for the year. It applies to the first four years of postsecondary education. To qualify, your modified adjusted gross income must be less than $160,000 if you are married filing jointly, or $80,000 if you are single (the credit phases out completely at $180,000 for married couples, or $90,000 for single filers). The Lifetime Learning Credit applies to all years of postsecondary education (including graduate school) and can lower your tax bill by up to $2,000 per return. To qualify for the full credit, your modified adjusted gross income must be less than $100,000 if you are married filing jointly or $50,000 if you are single. The size of the credit phases out until your income reaches $120,000 if you are married filing jointly or $60,000 if single.
Here's a quick peek at the inside. I had this vanilla piece that was a bit too short so added a few layers of dotted scallop trim and some more Ridinghood Red taffeta ribbon to finish it off.
So go forth and read Dead Until Dark. Also, I suggest you read the stories in the compilations in the order their intended (they usually list what books they fall between). They add a lot to the overarching plot of the books, plus they’re fun!
I managed to find the spell Levitate for Thrall in Kelethin. I had been unable to find it in Freeport and we are a long way from Qeynos. The vendors in Kelethin also seemed to be much more favorably disposed towards Tistann and Thrall compared to the reception in Kaladim.
Who were the Pharisees and the Publicans? The Pharisee was the religious zealot of the day, a law keeper to the extreme. In fact, he even added some more laws to those already existing just to make sure he got it right. He gloried in the praise of man.
On the GI issues front, Julia has been doing much better today. She's been eating much better, her body temp is better, and things are looking better overall. Her sleep is worse - and she's consequently still been a little cranky - since we've been back home but we'll keep working on that. If she's physically feeling better, the rest will fall into place much more easily.
Shoe Size: 4's - 5's depending on the brand
From my couple of hours’ experience with it this evening, I can happily say that Binary Domain is well worth picking up now, since it’s a fun, entertaining, spectacular and satisfying game that, sadly, looks set to join Vanquish and Alpha Protocol in the box marked “Sega Games That Were Actually Brilliant That No-One Played”.
--I realized I don't have a free weekend for a month (no complaints though)
John Wandzilak served in the air force during the Korean War and then embarked on a career in engineering and marketing, whilst raising his two boys Andrew and David with wife Sydney “Nikki” Oakley. In retirement, he is finding time to write again, and is working on a memoir about his time growing up in Greenpoint. “He’s got incredible stories,” his son says.
St. Ives starlings are such friendly birds
I probably should not admit to how little time it took me to get through all four seasons, but in my defense, the episodes are only 20 minutes each. I'd also like to think that I've learned some things from the series. Okay, so I didn't understand most of the scientific jargon, but who does? Some episodes had me cracking up so much, I'm sure Vero thought I had lost it.
Main Imagery: Body/Dress by me Nancy Baumiller...Feet is a magazine cut out...Face from TeeshaMoore.com...Hat and Arms are magazine tid bits.
It’s being reported that he definitely had a seizure and they believe it was caused by dehydration. Eagles players and Head Athletic Trainer Rick Burkholder have announced that Patterson is going to be okay, and was joking with teammates and sending text messages from his hospital bed. Burkholder said Patterson bit his tongue and was bleeding from his mouth, which scared other player. He also said that Patterson will remain in the hospital overnight for observation and an MRI. Both Patterson (seizure) and Stringer (heat stroke) were 27 years old when these instances occurred.
- and MassEffect (endless spaceworlds and exellent shading)
Many more moons ago when I first bought my ticket to see Rob Marshall's film adaptation of CHICAGO, I was very excited about it. I had never seen the show done on a stage, really only knew the hit songs. But I had positive expectations. However, after the first 20 minutes, I felt a strange icky feeling. I did NOT care about these characters. Not even cynically. And while I was going to stay and see what happened next, it had quickly turned to an act of obligation and not of true interest.
task of making her accept him as her chauffeur to the time
Granada lost their discipline at the full-time whistle as Moises Hurtado and Guilherme Siqueira picked up red cards with Resino’s side’s survival in the Spanish top flight still in doubt.
I hope that Cora’s Story results in a pulse oximetry test on every baby. I want to help Aaron’s mom, Cora’s mom, Logan’s mom and all the other parents of CHD children to spread awareness and hope. Sawyer’s death may not have been caused by a CHD but it did make me realize how many children do die because of heart defects. Please ask your child or grandchild’s pediatrician if they provide heart screening.
“Chunnie, saranghae!!!” Junsu said with the cutest smile.
5. Changes in weight. The weight gain in the US population is phenomenal. Other people may be losing weight.
You treat me with kindess
The caster takes an ordinary nail and jams it into the surface the target's shadow is covering to complete the spell. The target rolls a save vs spells with failure causing the target to be limited to movements that remain within 15 feet of the location of the nail. The target creature is not hindered in any other way. For flying creatures it draws them down in a spiral until they are within 15 feet of the nail, but does not force them to land. This spell also works on the creature called a Shadow, but is dangerous because the caster will be affected as if hit by the creature.
Follow these energy-saving tips, and not only will you cut your carbon footprint, you’ll reduce your energy bills too!
KC I started out just producing, but then a former neighbor saw my talent and convinced me to start rapping. People who influence me are T.I., Jay Z, Big Boi, and Ludacris.
Oh, and then, one night I had a dream that Justin Bieber was my parent's next door neighbor. Then, these giant venomous snakes attacked, which was rather terrifying, but in the end they ate Justin Bieber, so it was all good.
The meanest version of yourself
It's also important to air your house out daily, especially in fall and winter when it's counter-intuitive. Indoor air quality can be 5 times more polluted than outdoor, surprisingly. In addition to toxic VOCs (volatile organic compounds) houses are full of furniture and plastics that off-gas nasty formaldahyde and worse, and even naturally occuring radon and carbon monoxide from heating sources. I open the doors for at least 15 minutes at least once a day. There have been studies that suggest this actually cuts down on cold and flu virus transmissions too.
The e-mail further noted that the BSA had demanded “a dialogue” with the paper’s authors “that addresses our concerns about research’s intent, methodology, analysis and conclusion, in addition to its validity.” Yet as far as I could tell, the BSA did not challenge the accuracy of the data that the paper presented. I e-mailed BSA president Nana Asante to ask her if, in fact, she had any complaints about the accuracy of the paper’s data. She did not reply.
Keep checkin' in.
Imagine you’re making out with this sexy girl. She’s got the face of a Vicky Secret model. She’s all full lips, big eyes, nice tits and giggles. And then you snake your hand down the back of her pants to squeeze her sweet ass…..and it feels like your hand just plunged into a pile of bread dough.
All told, this is a teaching of moral fierceness.
6 - The Carter Family - My Dixie Darling - 2:58
This Challenge will run from Today Tuesday 13th December to Monday 26th December
PS: Don't let the thought of using Bisquick deter you. I was hesitant at first especially since the recipe also doesn't use eggs. But I am telling you, Bisquick is a gem in many baking recipes I use when you need something in a jiffy!
What do you think! Isn't this soooo cute!!
Avery Brewing Company The Czar
But it didn’t even stop there.
Michael: Communication skills. “I can negotiate for trading of sticks and firewood.”
Thank god we pulled into Dianne’s yard at that last thought. I was able to fling the door open and puke in the grass instead of Dori’s car. I really thought I was coming down with something. My stomach was knotted and I felt my face get hot and my neck start sweating; that’s about the time Dianne came out and told us that Jett was puking and probably had the flu. He didn’t feel good, and that we’d probably want to stay on the front porch or risk catching what he had. That’s when Dianne asked me if I was feeling alright, that I didn’t look so good. Dori looked worried as she stared at me, and I was beginning to get scared, but as soon as little Jade came running from the house squealin’ and laughing I immediately felt better. She threw herself around my legs and Dianne told me to be careful, that Jade had been rollin’ around with Jett all day and probably had the virus, too. But we sat on the front porch and I let Jade crawl all over me, her favor uncow, she calls me while Dori told Dianne about my problem.
KRIS: But … but …
Because: films that begin in quite commonplace fashion, then turn out to be genuinely surprising, and then gradually turn into something completely heartfelt - albeit charmingly, curiously scrappy - don't always come around too often. It was made with due care and committment, with one eye on a delightfully odd concept, the other on awkward romance. I'm a sucker for a novel sci-fi genre mash.
~ Cree Indian Proverb
Speaking of Michigan, if you're ever in the Detroit area, and you love the Motown sound (and who doesn't?), you must check out the Motown Museum. The last time we were there, this picture of Marvin Gaye was on the side of the house:
A manhunt ensued through the streets of the East Oakland section of the city. When the police tracked down the gunman and burst into the apartment, he shot two more officers with an assault rifle, killing them both, before he was shot dead by the police.
Firpo's Balloon Cocktail (mildly adapted)
Hughes
If you are a DJ, you can wirelessly control your favorite mixing applications as well.
We had harvest gold, but LOTS of decor in orange & brown. I'd forgotten that til I read Miss Charming's comment. I think I might be a bit nauseous now.
"You've gotta get me off this shit man!"
Signaling a growing movement toward direct political action among desperate western farmers, "Sockless" Jerry Simpson calls on the Kansas Farmers' Alliance to work for a takeover of the state government.
1/8 Tsp Baking Soda
Now that I am a tea drinker I am into all the associated goodies... the cups, the saucers, the strainers, the pots... the pots are my favourites... and the teas... finding the tea and making the tea... I even grow certain herbs for my herbals and climb up ladders to pick the lime blossoms when they are in flower... I am not a ladder climbing type so that suggests my dedication to my new beverage...
(Clearwisdom.net) After July 20, 1999, media and even scholarly works outside of China have often used the words, “The Chinese government has banned Falun Gong since July of 1999.” It is my belief that the Chinese Communist Party has never had a legal basis for its eleven-year persecution of Falun Gong, because the Chinese government never officially banned Falun Gong. I won’t delve into the subject of the current Chinese government’s legitimacy itself since its inception in 1949 for now, but even according to the Chinese government’s own laws, the persecution by the CCP and Jiang Zemin’s gang is illegal.
So, How do I enter?
Status Quo - Wild Side Of Life
As I walked out the door with the nurse, she said, “Do you think she’ll really go back?” “I began to tear up. “Well, it’s what she wants, but I can’t see her being able to care for herself. Believe me,” I said, “if I was a wealthy woman, I would put her in a little place of her own, with someone to care for her. Just so she could go back.” As I looked at the nurse, I could see she had tears in her eyes too. She had lost her mother years before, so I think we shared a common understanding of this sorrow. Watching the decline of her own mother sounds difficult. She had a nurse coming in as well.
Perpetual securities are nothing new. They are bond-like instruments which offer their holders a fixed payout, but no voting rights.
I know it is so cliche to do a PWC, but not gonna lie, I think I was looking forward to that almost as much as the wedding! I was soooo over my long hair. So, as promised, here are the results from my Post Wedding Chop (PWC).
Dealt to HERO: Qh Qs
may have even deteriorated further,
Tim Holtz: sentiment stamp (Stuff To Say), tag background (Spring Sprung), wild grasses (Spring Sprung; mini rabbit, mini butterfly Sizzix dies; mini stapler; recycled packaging (butterfly on bow)
The prophet Jonah was an unusual servant of the Lord. Jonah was called on a mission very similar to that of other prophets: he was to cry repentance to a people ripening in iniquity. Unlike other prophets, however, Jonah responded by attempting to flee from his assignment. Had his reason been cowardice, though still wrong, it would have been understandable. The brutality of the Assyrians in the treatment of their enemies was well known (see Enrichment D ). But Jonah’s problem does not seem to be cowardice. Rather, it seems to have been resentment against the Lord for giving the hated enemy a chance to repent (see Jonah 4:1–2 .)
A solo expedition today due to the fact the daughter was at school and I wanted to be out in the sunshine and dry day rather than stuck in doors.
If the judges didn't want, at the very least, to recognize a woman who is self-sacrificing, a humble leader, a commander on stage, a wife and mother with oodles of experience to share and motivate others, an intellect willing to teach yet remain open to continued learning, a writer with the passion to aid our state through her education endeavors, and an Apraxia of Speech advocate who's already hooked up with a national organization willing to back her, then I'm okay with that. They simply decided to highlight Mrs. in a different way. I will still follow my dreams and achieve my goals.
A purple El Dorado nearly runs
Overwhelmed. Unorganized. Wondering what it was all for anyway. Defeated. Tired. Needing help.
I usually halve recipes that "serve four" when it seems like it will be too much food, but this time I just bought three small tilapia filets (the extra one is for Adam's lunch the next day) but left the veg amounts the same as the original recipe. I'm glad I did, I don't know if this would have been enough for four people, but then you could always make some rice and call it a day, eh?
So, for now I will keep busy until you realize you miss me and break the silence. I guess I should start using this time to be productive in other areas of my life and not be so totally consumed with how much I love and miss you.
Tank: Loft
Mine was simple. No embellishments. Eyes, nose, and long tongue. You know, I never thought about it until just now, that Relda looked rather a lot like a snake. That’s creepy. I don’t like snakes much. That’s kinda upsetting, actually. Of course, all sock puppets are going to look some like snakes, especially if they’re worn by someone whose arm looks like a stick. So I guess Relda was very snake-like.
» 9/28 – Cleveland, OH @ Quicken Loans Arena
Mostly at home: 13 (20%)
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
MAPLE SAP OATMEAL BROWN ALE - Initial thoughts-
To cook this first heat wok with few tbsp oil till medium hot.
Here's a closer view of the hydrangea....
Popular movements often spontaneously form during periods of social unrest — like the 1930′s and today. Like the Peasant’s Revolt of 1381 and the thousands of such uprisings since. Sometimes powerful elites shape and direct these to their own ends. As in the Protestant Reformation, where the elites used popular discontent with the established church to enhance their own power.
Crews waved as they passed the dais; my special “enthusiastic wave” awards go to the crews of Ross Sea and
To thee I come, before thee I stand, sinful and sorrowful.
1 1/3 cup quick-cooking oats
"Sinking by the head. Have cleared boats and filled them with women and children."
My copy of this book is a direct reproduction of the 1792 edition, so it includes archaic typographic conventions like the long s (those s's that look like f's), which take some getting used to (and also makes the word sun-beams look like fun-beams, which never stops making me laugh). My only problem with this edition is that in some cases the text in this reproduction is very light, and that combined with the old typography can make certain lines very difficult to read.
Yesterday, I got up the strength to wind up some skeins I've dyed.
3x Venser, the Sojourner
Instead of comparing Dora (a woman who took money for doing something she believed was right, only to later discover that she was wrong and then does her best to fix her mistake) to a family using their ethically earned income to buy themselves luxury items. A better comparison could be made between Dora and the CEO of a major pharmaceutical company.This CEO makes hundreds of thousands of dollars off of a drug that his company been developing for years. This drug is supposed to do great things. Only after it starts to be prescribed, people start getting sick or dying because of an unforeseen side affect or a side affect that one of the scientists covered up in tests. The CEO didn’t know he was doing anything unethical by putting the drug on the market, but when he finds out something is wrong he does a total recall of the drug and begins doing his best to make amends for what he, unwittingly, did.
The space behind the stage doubles up as the storage room for the village playgroup, so there's not much room for manoeuvre, but the same sense of quiet purpose pervades. Each of us slowly adjusting to the mood of our colleagues, offering to tie an apron ribbon, do up a hard-to-reach dress hook, or help locate a mis-placed boot. Others sit quietly, feeling the need to silently mouth their lines just one more time.
The three poems above are all in the public domain. The poem below is copyright-protected.
Rimstead, Roxanne. “Between Theories and Anti-Theories: Moving Toward Marginal Women’s Subjectivities.” 23.1/5 (1995): 119 – 218. Women’s Studies Quarterly. Web. 1 Apr. 2012.
When one of the "Changers" appears on Tom’s farm, his life changes and he is forced into an adventure where he must choose between his family and helping the Changers repair the damage they have done.
I found THE cutest dresses for Kiki & Leve last year after Christmas at Hanna Andersson. (Seriously...how MUCH do I L.O.V.E. their clothes?! The pricetags? Not so much. But clearance...booyah!!) So they have been sitting in my basement for the last 11 months just waiting.
Dachshund Nola
I had Shakespeare with a terrible teacher. it was so sad.
The stern was formed
Originally, I had planned to make the overalls with hip and back pockets. In the end, I ditched the back pockets. They seemed too small and I didn't feel like cutting out bigger pieces (and sometimes pockets look a little too "handmade" for my taste -- at least mine do). I did do the hip pockets and they are really cute -- just the right size for little hands to squirrel away items like acorns (although I'm not sure there are any acorns here).
Palin grabbed at Sowell’s hit piece to jump on the Hitler bandwagon. She didn’t have to explain how or why Obama’s urge of BP to set up the Gulf damage fund was Hitler like. But she didn’t have to explain the absurd. She knows that legions already have mindlessly swallowed the Hitler image of Obama. Expect more Obama as Hitler digs the next time the White House stands poised to score another victory.
Aka, that big, juicy badge in the sky. It was one mic/two guys as Bill took a roadtrip to Savannah to join one of his co-strategists in crime at BFG. The Frenchman Known As Cyril Guichard (@luxregina) went live and uncensored as we kicked back for a high-rolling adventure on the topic of gameification.* It’s probably a word you're sick of, but he takes us deep into the philosophy of gaming, and why sites that "gameify" – like Foursquare – aren't games, per se (but will need to be).
The sidewalk ends
I am fortunate to have met …
Even – As You and I (US…Roger Barlow, Harry Hay, LeRoy Robbins)
Looking for new ideas while typing this blog, I decided to check out YouTube and I found this video. It brought a smile to my face and is nudging me to feel new ideas. Thanks to you, and thanks to the video, I am confident I will finish my project. Here’s to new ideas!
Captains and Commanders of His Majesty's Fleet to wear uniforms of the same pattern.
Wei and his troops had been sent to Arizona after landing in San Francisco. His men were armed with pistols and automatic rifles – no artillery or mechanized infantry to back them up. As they undertook their mission, a few people went willingly to the assistance centers. As time passed, fewer and fewer people were inclined to leave their current location for the assistance centers. Word had spread that once you entered the centers you were not allowed to leave.
Letsoalo would not provide reasons for his being taken off the case, nor would he say who had issued the instruction for his replacement.
Now I'm not a curriculum person. There's a reason for that. Stroppiness. Also, a good dose of CM and a natural preference for living books. Ouch, I've been corrected on that one before! I mean books with a strong narrative. So for the longest time I didn't really believe in curriculum.
(1) To promote good race relations between the Jewish Community and other members of society by working towards the elimination of racism in the form of anti-Semitism.
Later my bf’s brother thanked me for being so cool considering the circumstances. ”You don’t have to worry about me, I get it” I said. ”By the way that was brilliant inviting Mickey” He laughed. ”A little insurance never hurts”
I'm just not a censoring type of parent. Sure there are shows I'm not the biggest fan of, and I steer the kids towards something else whenever possible. I hated Caillou - that kid is just a brat. And Max and Ruby? Where are their parents? Olivia is also a brat and mean to her younger brothers.
When I was little I developed a way of overcompensating for what I was lacking. I was SO empathetic that everyone affected me and the way I felt, always. I was hyper-tuned in to what everyone wanted, needed and expected of me and I would do *anything* to achieve that goal…even if it meant compromising myself entirely. Instead of turning that blankness and numbness out to the world and acting the way I wanted to regardless of consequence, I turned it directly inside. Even now, I can find very little empathy for myself…very little love or support. I pretend I like who I am but really, I hate her in there.
Recalling the old days when acting was tougher he once said, “We had to learn two or three plays a week that we now have weeks to learn, perform it, set up for the next one on Sunday and start again on Monday.”
It was also due to filming commitments – hurrah!
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.”
Yesterday afternoon, I took - and remarkably passed - the Oregon State Driver's License Examination. In five to seven business days, I will have an official license from my seventh state: CT, MA, CA, HI, PA, TN and now OR. Since I first learned to drive in 1983, I have had the pleasure of living in 27 different places - one for each year, as it turns out.
The filmmakers wanted to create the feel of the 1930s horror films here, but they have failed miserably. Hey, just because you film it in black and white, that doesn't mean it has much in common with classics such as Frankenstein or Dracula, two films the creators here clearly love. Everything is thrown in our face and director Branney underlines everything. He really has no concern for the audience's intellect, as he explains everything in his direction - just in case you couldn't figure it out from the overwrought script, co-authored by Branney and Andrew Leman.
1. The Border Boys - When The Party Is Over
Cooking time: 15-20 minutes
Diyala Province, Iraq, Summer 2009:
:: The dress has a very full skirt which goes to the floor
I had another chat with the manager of the store where the incident took place – really, really nice guy. He got onto the centre management and I got a call from the Marketing Manager – who in the way of most marketing managers actually understood the concept of customer relationship management, especially when the customer mentioned she was a freelance journalist…. She apologized and promised to talk to the Centre Manager. A few minutes later someone barked at me down the phone line… on the defensive – and the attack – reminded me rather a lot of SOF.... Really not a bright place to start. But I recognized the type, so barked back three times, snarled twice and said Centre Manager backed down to something only marginally resembling a cranky bulldog – as opposed to a slavvering pit bull or an irate guinea fowl… (she said mixing her metaphors with gay abandon).
Therefore, taking into account that the thesis that is presented by the first Defendant, through the adequate means that are placed at his disposal by the other Defendants, raises the suspicion of the involvement of the first and second Applicants in the practice of criminal actions, albeit in a negligent way, among the general public, and that they, having been made arguidos at a given point in time, saw the criminal inquiry archived in relation to them, one has to conclude that it must be the rights of the Defendants that cede to the rights of the Applicants.
Fall is my favorite time of year. I love almost everything about it (except archery of course!), the scent in the air, all the colors, the leaves swirling around as they fall, the brisk air, the rustling leaves as you walk. And evidently the hounds feel the same as I do.
When he is sad ,play with him,talk with him or hold him or pat his back touch his head ,then he will be fine .His personality is quite sweet and gentle .
As with many of the recipes here, if you like a sugary breakfast or want to make a special treat for your family, than you are going to love this. If you are making a full size pancake than you probably only want to eat one. I made 3 pancakes the size of a coffee saucer, they are pretty small, and I could only eat one and a half.
VTM
I like really bad (yet really good) reality tv just as much as the next person. If it's mindless television, I'm there. But there is something that is so disturbing to me that I need to address it. I watched "16 and Pregnant" and every now and then I will tune in to "Teen Mom". It is evident that being a teen mom is a HUGE struggle, and all these girls have their issues. Maci is working 30 hrs a week, going to college full time, and raising a child mostly on her own. I respect her tremendously. Amber and Gary have a rocky relationship. Farrah is rude, immature, and constantly complaining about raising her own child, but she's doing it all so I applaud her. The situation that really bothers me is Catelynn. She was smart enough to realize that having a child and bringing it up in her house was a horrible idea, so she was strong and mature enough to give it up for adoption. Ever since she made that brave decision, her meth-faced mom, April, and her jailbird stepfather, Butch, (whose criminal record includes breaking and entering, home invasion and larceny) have all but tortured her and her boyfriend Tyler about it. They throw it in her face and hold it against her every chance they get, even when the conversation has nothing to do with the baby, Carly. But even THAT is not what makes me so upset. Her mother is so extremely verbally and emotionally abusive towards her that it is really sickening. I am surprised that MTV producers haven't intervened. Anytime Catelynn has a different opinion than her mother, the mom breaks out into an abusive tirade.
More and more, I believe the responsibility for children’s health must fall in the hands of schools. In the right school district, a child now could potentially eat all meals at school… There’s the School Breakfast Program, the National School Lunch Program, snack programs like the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program and the Afterschool Snack Program… and now some schools offer dinner too! On top of that, there may be snack bars, school stores, and vending machines available at school. If a child has so many opportunities to make eating decisions during the school day, the school environment has to find a way to provide guidance and to control what foods are offered.
Book Summary
On Saturday the 24th we slept in and made breakfast together, something we've done for the last 3 years. I know it's nothing crazy but we rarely make anything more than toast and fruit for breakfast. However, on Christmas eve we go all out and then save ourselves for a big dinner. And I don't typically wear reindeer antlers when I'm cooking either haha..
I hope each of you are ready for a very Merry Christmas ! This past year I have had the honor to meet and work for one of the kindest ladies ever....Suzanne Dean... I call her "Boss Lady". She is just a wealth of knowledge and talent and has a heart about 4 times as big as she is. This is the card I made for her and it will be heading to her as of today....be sure to stop by the rest of my teammates blogs to see the special card they made for her as well ....we are each posting on different days all through the holiday season to wish Suzanne one of the Merriest Christmas's ever !
Combine the eggs, milk, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, orange flavorings/zest, salt and pepper in a dish for dipping the toast. Mix well.
Progress, from Latin progressus, “an advance”, is the idea that the world can become better in science, technology, modernization, liberty, democracy, quality of life, etc. Progress is usually associated with the Western notion of monotonic change in a straight, linear fashion, alternative conceptions exist, such as the cyclic theory of eternal return, or the “spiral-shaped” dialectic progress of Hegel, Marx, et al.
An Afghani amputee in prison for his Christian faith since May will face a judge this Sunday (Nov. 21) without legal representation or knowledge of the charges against him, according to local sources.
I am so tired. I am tired physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually. I feel like I am dying. I’m tired of trying to sort out my life. I’m tired of hurting. And of crying. I’m tired of dealing with this. I’m tired of writing about it.
I finally managed to get off to sleep without my toe giving me grief, only to be woken an hour later by my Hubby coming home from work and then my daughter coughing all night followed by Hubby's snoring, hows your luck!
I was just about to turn off the TV and curl up in my warm unicorn stable last night, when an Imagine programme called “Books - The Last Chapter?” came on, which you can watch on the BBC's iplayer HERE. That title made half the glitter fall off my horn, I can tell you! I immediately started worrying for my poor author, and what she’s going to do for the next 20 years of her working life if books are truly about to close and never open again.
A highly-placed international lending official based in New York told The Slog last night of growing suspicions in the financial community about the arrest of IMF Head Dominic Strauss-Kahn.
Next thing I knew it was time to head home. We got a call from Nana that she was at the "village" with Aunt Barb and Aunt Ann and they were waiting for us. They came for dinner and to spend the evening at "Halloween" with us. It was SO much fun.
The CSO index is a monthly residential property price index. Ireland does not yet have a publicly available register of actual sale prices, but one is expected in mid-2012 following the passing of legislation last year – read the latest on the House Price Register here. There are three other residential price surveys, based on advertised asking prices or agent valuations – for the latest see here. Lastly the Department of the Environment, Community and Local Government produces an index based on mortgage transactions, six months after the period end and not hedonically analysed, it is next to useless.
This was one day after her birthday, hence the title, in case you were wondering/cared :)
We try and teach our children the right way to handle things. Sometimes, those messages come through more clearly than others.
A new approach is needed and that is what is at the foundation of these legislative proposals.
Underworld Born slippy UK
Can watching a movie teach you about human history? It might do if the filmmaker can resist the temptation to make stuff up. I remember once seeing a film about President Kennedy, who is famous in the jungles of the Africa for sending chimpanzees into space. As an alpha male gorilla, I often use the president’s famous sayings to inspire my band. “Ask not what I can do for you, ask what you can do for me” is one of my favourites.
The article above notes that Westerners have lost their old beliefs and not found new ones to replace them, thus causing them to be confused, and to bring confused children into the world. I don’t think this is limited to Westerners as we are all being touched by globalisation in some way shape or form. However, when you look at food markets, department stores and books it seems like globalisation has opened things up so that we can experience all sorts of different cultures. Traditions, cultures and religions are rich and beautiful, and the only reason they could be lost is if we let them be lost. Perhaps the key to a richer experience in life is to not be “typical” anything, but to be open to everything, to absorb and learn about different cultures and to be able to see the beauty in it all. Personally, being a Muslim, September 11 and all the propaganda in the media has made it difficult and sometimes, if you are a first generation immigrant it’s almost like you’re a second class citizen, but when I think about it, I am so much luckier than a lot of people. Being open to different cultures from Hinduism, to Buddhism, to Christianity has made my world so much more colourful.
Their fragrance floats on the afternoon air.
As though all flights, I mean, had gotten canceled,
Callaghan told the jury that he was trying to break up the fight by using the knife to ‘scare’ Owain and that his death was an accident. The jury didn’t believe him and unanimously convicted him of murder.He was jailed for life.Jason Khan Callaghan was given nine months in a young offenders’ institution. Kalid Shafique received a year in jail for two counts of violent disorder. Angie Joseph, Lynette Myers, Leila Ann-Mackenzie, all pleaded guilty to affray and received community punishments only.
‘This,’ I said, ‘is Patrick. Patrick is a genuine African racing ostrich.’
16. Time (she got a watch for Christmas)
If you want to have a more ethical system you can’t stay within the context of that system…To ask people to invest in Oxfam instead is to ask them to do something counter to the ethics of the culture they’re in.
Lynne gets up, tends to the scratches on her body and starts to go off to her ship, which is in a different direction.
It was a burn that in the end
Emma laughed. “Wow.”
Between being weeks away from an election and locked into an EU accession process, Serbian politicians are in major suck-up mode, especially on transparency and human rights. However, there's no reason not to take today's news optimistically:
*Bling Added from Want2Scrap
The last month was spent continuing to adjust to my new job. Things in that area are continuing to do well, I am finally done training and Tom and I are now working to take on as much overtime as possible so that we have extra money to put towards the wedding.
It spread like wildfire across Facebook last week amongst friends and acquaintances from back home. Thoughts and prayers... many updates read. Thinking of... started others. A sad day... a few stated. It was a tragedy. A high school classmate's brother lost his life suddenly and it was tragic. Not just for the community it affected but for all those who have ever been a daughter or a son, a parent or a friend. An untimely death. A loss to a family. To friends. To two daughters. And I was saddened by the entire situation.
1 baby
name a joke. “A dark, difficult, dangerous path lies before you, Ash Kensington.”
Sure enough, he had a bladder infection and a bad case of worms. He doesn’t spray anymore, but we had a hard time placing him. After paying the vet bill Steve joined our household.
The fact that this issue has garnered coverage from the mainstream media is a very good thing. Academics have put up with being ripped off for far too long, and it’s to our shame that we haven’t done anything about it until now. Now I think the public will be asking how we could possibly have accepted the status quo and sheer embarrassment might force a change.
I also had to plan the memorial at the yacht club which was to take place on Sat., January 6th. I contacted the yacht club to find out how much it would cost to hold it in their banquet rooms and whether a notice could be put up inviting members. I also thought we should have some sort of clergy present, although neither Rob nor I were religious at all. Was just societal expectations of what’s done at funerals I guess, this was my belief system at play and not at all what should have been done.
Oprah: “Would you say that everybody is embraced in your church?”
What the fuck?
Writing about a slice of my life was not at the top of my "to do" list this evening. Perhaps, it's because I've had a long day. My daughter and I had dentists appointments after work, and I'm finally home and settling in for the night. Now, what to write? Writing. Letters. When was the last time I wrote (not on the computer) a letter? It's been so long that I can't even remember.
THURSDAY, MARCH 22
I found a great site, POIfriend.com that houses a collection of user generated Point’s Of Interest (POI’s) and set out finding something to get the locations of Food Networks Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives, one of my favorite shows btw, onto my new toy. There is a great set maintained by arount and I’m happy to say I loaded it as soon as I saw it. The site makes POI’s available for a number of manufacturer’s GPS units so Garmin and TomTom users can both use the site, which is a plus.
Have we trials and temptations?
Business: STAR AVIATION Type of Business: Aviation Air Cargo & Aviation Manufacturing
I kept it simple on the inside, with just a remnant DP piece and Ballet Millie's stamp sentiment on it.
Being a smart patient doesn’t mean you are faking or being disingenuous. It means you implement strategies to maximize your interaction with the doctor and her staff. You don’t have to put up with bad treatment or allow anyone to treat you disrespectfully—I’m not suggesting that you be a doormat. I’m suggesting that being a nice person will get you more of what you want.
My only way out is really you,all of you
Jason Milligan, a former night foreman at the plant, said his bosses "more or less wanted me to do their dirty work."
The scenario is nonetheless a bit of a composer’s nightmare, since the perception of sound is radically different depending on where you are in the world of Crescent City. So Anne was listening all around, and amazingly always seemed to have a smile on her face!
Oh goodness. I don’t even know how to put everything into words. There are so many emotions running through me recently and I’m worried that I don’t know how to cope with them. I guess I’m just gonna write out everything that has been going on. Maybe that will make me feel better.
'I looked back up the road and Martin was on the floor now,' Mr Morgan said.
“Over here,”Deepointed as Hank and Chris joined them, “is where the farmer out there now lives. That was my uncle’s house for years and his father before him.”
With the recommendations of a friend as well as the locals, I decided to go to Tatsukichi after a long day of work. Tatsukichi specializes in kushiage cuisine, which is pretty much deep fried skewers, less formal than tempura. Fried sticks? what can possibly go wrong with that?
As she ran, she wiped away some tears with the palm of her hand. Her fingers settled on her large nose, a gift from her dad’s Hungarian ancestry.
Go on Whisper it. Self-publishing is becoming almost respectable. And it’s hardly surprising. Mark Edwards and Louise Voss’s 6 figure deal with Harper Collins (who, after the pair occupied the number 1 & 2 spots in the Kindle charts, admitted they might be onto something) is only the tip of a growing iceberg (one which I’m lucky enough to be somewhere at the base of, with my thriller The Company of Fellows selling 5000 copies and getting me invited to take part in a Rising Literary Stars panel at Blackwell’s bookstore).
Granddaughter (who had spent the night before and the whole day with her older girl cousins): "I had lunch at the Aloha Kitchen."
I'm now part of a 3 Day team...our team name is The Boobie Battalion, and we are ready to "Fight Like Girls". Please check out our team page and we would love your support!
Another challenge which taking the colectivos presents is the constant need of change. Coins. Everyone wants them, nobody has them. I think the Central Bank of Argentina ought to give this matter some attention, and perhaps consider issuing more coins. You can only pay for a bus ride by throwing coins into a machine. If you don´t have coins, too bad. Asking people on bus stops for change seems inappropriate (they need it themselves; I have been given a peso for my bus ride, rather then getting it in change of my five pesos bill, because the lady needed the coins she had for tomorrow!).
I hear that the B&B's, cottages, and motels are booking up quick (if not already). It's best to get your reservations made soon. And don;t forget to stop and say hi to me when you are in town!
The small pink handles were from the Swirls Scribbles. I cut parts of the swirls off. The long brown handles were from a die cut called Flourish. I only cut the very bottom of the Flourish. Each baby carriage had four handles. I mounted the card stock to the chip board for sturdiness. The Swirls Scribbles handles actually had six pieces. I glued three swirls on each side because the Sizzlits Dies only cut card stocks. So each baby carriage had about 30 pieces total. Michelle at Pink Paper Paradise had a tutorial on the baby carriage. Thank you Michelle for the tutorial. The compartment was inspired from here.
But anyway! Brittany wanted more from her dresser, so she painted it white and used an overhead projector and a cellophane bag (true!) to complete the hand-painted design. It's perfect! Check it out on her blog Interestosity.
So why did I end up liking it, to be sure liking it like I would like a dog with a definite derpa look. Well, it has a bit more interesting plot than most zombie/ghost flicks. In 1929 an actress is having a party. She's a borderline psycho and she's definitely crossed that border a while ago. She has her own posse consisting of stand ins for Lon Chaney, Tom Mix, and Fatty Arbuckle. Since no one alive today outside of a film class has seen a Fatty Arbuckle film that actor instead unleashes his inner Curly instead. It works really well, a psychotic Curly is pretty nasty and funny at the same time. Actually I'd see an entire film with just him. Anyhooooo, they are all doing some kinky magic sex thing with hookers when the actress learns she's been let go from her studio because she would suck in talkies. She grabs a pistol and shoots everyone and then offs herself with a knife.
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
In regards to the crucifixion remarks: its obvious Armendariz is simply using a serious analogy to an obvious Progressive Democratic audience. This is a sick way to accomplish Socialistic objectives.
Some days I feel like I am already not there enough with my girls.
My sister just had this done too.....
The plumes are depleting the oxygen dissolved in the gulf, worrying scientists, who fear that the oxygen level could eventually fall so low as to kill off much of the sea life near the plumes. (NYT)
We loved seeing all of your sassy entries this past week, and while we wish all of you could win each and every week, we only get to pick one.. and it's a random selection.
Thanks for participating! We had over 200 people enter the contest.
As it is often said, "personnel is policy." I strongly encouraged Governor Romney as he builds out his campaign staff and advisors that he add more conservative leaders as an integral part of his team. And you can be sure that I will work with the Governor to help him in this task to ensure he has a strong team that will support him in his conservative policy initiatives.
Doctor: “So you felt sick yesterday? You felt nauseated?”
“And I want you to think about — just for a minute — about what these kind of numbers mean when they’re spread out over an entire state,” she continued. “It might mean registering just one more person in your town. That’s how crucial this is. One more person might mean helping just one more person in your community get out and vote on Election Day.”
I mean you just have to look at all of the Bartending / cocktail apps on my iPhone to see that I have fallen for so many that promised to deliver up to date, relevant and intelligent conversation / information on and around cocktail trends and bartending / hospitality culture. So far every one of them failed to live up to those promises…
Restoration is really well done—an absorbing read with interesting, intelligent and flawed characters, fascinating detail about art restoration and the clandestine trading and acquisition that typified war torn Europe, graphic recreations of local fighting and deadly strafing, portrayal of the intimate effects of battle on combatants and civilians, and believable maps of the terrain a heart wanders after it has been broken. Nothing can ever really be restored to its original state. Olafsson’s novel makes the case that the best we can do is muddle on, trying to find some beauty in the patched and damaged thing that is left to us, deferring to the art of illusion as a survival technique, to whatever extent we can.
The earthy McGovern provides a bit of a corrective: "The city of New York, especially Manhattan, has forgotten about the port, forgotten about how vibrant this port still is. And unfortunately, they don't know the importance of the marine transportation system to their lives. The goods actually go in now to the large terminals that are mostly based in New Jersey. But it is still one operation. This port needs a very large support arm. That arm is based almost entirely within the city of New York. Those are the tugboats, the barge companies, and the repair facilities.
So I was wondering if you could solve this riddle for me and tell me how you got here?
YouWriteOn. What can I say? It began with the excellent premise of providing writers with an online community and the chance for the best writers there to get a critique of their work from a professional editor or agent; but then in the autumn of 2008 it introduced a vanity publishing option which was neither well thought-out nor well-received. I really don't like its vanity publishing scheme; and from what I've seen, the standard of writing and advice on its boards are not nearly as high as you'll find on other boards.
We rounded into Mobjack bay with two more hours of daylight. We had six miles of reaching left before we could tack into Eastern River and find an anchorage. The sun was just slipping below the horizon when we dropped the main, and then the anchor in the lee of the northern shore in anticipation of NW winds forecasted to pick up that night. The anchorage was so quiet we could hear the moving water of the ebb tide fluttering along the hull and little fish frolicking near the surface.
These securocrats are largely Zulu-speaking and have close ties to the president. Moe Shaik is a personal friend of Zuma and a former comrade in the ANC's intelligence wing.
to 3 lucky winners
Thank you very much Marion, Linda and Ann for these excellent examples of occupational photographs, which have slotted nicely into my take on this week's Sepia Saturday theme. I trust you will now head over there to check out what the other slaves to sepia have on offer.
On the bright side of the dark side, he says that all the emotional pain and the fact that I self-injured indicate we are on the right track. We are not working on a decoy. He's proud of the fact that I didn't hurt myself worse, even though I spent a lot of time pondering doing so. And he's proud of me for telling him that I injured myself instead of hiding it.
Green Chillies - 5 or 6 slit long( as spice needed)
That jolly, extrovert shop-front!
Then the problem of an open rucksack pocket, inflicted upon me by an airport related zip breakage, was addressed through MacGyver-like use of safety pins from the complimentary sewing kit. And finally, still full of optimism for the trip ahead but with my excitement tempered by delirious jet lag, I went to bed.
As you know, I am a fan of dirigibles and have been aloft in both a blimp and a zeppelin. On occasion I check out stories of flying. A marvelous fictional account is Max Allan Collins’ The Hindenburg Murders, complete with schematics.
I was, of course, kidding (mostly kidding) and whether it stuck unconsciously in his head this year I don’t know because while I (thankfully) didn’t get the stuffed animal or the chocolates, I did get a quite incredible and memorable Valentine’s Day. This year, apparently, we celebrated for real.
Cow was inked and then colored over
Above is a Day Lilly. A very beautiful flower - but only opens for one day and then dies. The power of the sun makes it bloom, but it also kills it. Maybe there's a lesson to be had in that too? Everything lives and dies under the sun for a purpose. We may have more opportunities than a Day Lilly, but I wonder how many of us appreciate the wonders that come down from the sky, has more value than a dollar sign?
Teresa Perry, Senior Vice President, Publisher Member Audit and Report Processing
One is my friend Neeharika, whose love for Krishna is so pure, and whose words are illumined by her reading of the life of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. She is an exceedingly careful listener and her next words always account for all that I have ever said on that matter upto the point, and then throw light. An example “Comfortable people and places are those which do not require us to change regardless of whether they change or not”. She is involved in the conversation even more than myself, and I have met very few like her.
Our first challenge is an "Anything Goes" Challenge - so we want you to recycle anything you have been saving or have on hand and create with it!! Make sure you let us know what your "recycled" item is and how you have used it so we can all learn new things and get more ideas on how to recycle! And for an added bonus and the opportunity to win a great new "recycle" theme Sentiment just tell us what the "strangest" thing is that you have recycled or been keeping to recycle - we would love to know what things people have ideas for!
Gemstones from stash
Bonded labour is prevalent in Pakistan, also known as debt bondage. Debt bondage is the repayment of debt through the provision of services e.g. labour in agriculture, brick kiln work, cotton-seed production, tanning, mining and carpet weaving industries. Again these are industries in the informal sector, which is why this system can lend itself to abuse and the system amounts to no less than slavery. Debt bondage continues to exist despite being outlawed in a number of legislations, and can end up spreading over generations so children inherit the debt and are born in to slavery.
Here's what you need to pack (suitable for four to six people on a weekend trip).
· Perform necessary production support tasks involving on-call responsibilities
If only, oh if only, such vigilance and momentum were reached when NDAA was proposed! (I would say the same for the Patriot Act, but it seems the momentum was tragically reversed to support it -- after all, as Goering stated prior to his Nuremburg trials, "...the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country." (emphasis mine). Indeed it does, and how can anyone hope to combat such a pervasive idea?
Pickles must be important. Some restaurants sell them separately out of massive jars, in case you have a hankering and that’s all you wanted. My mom tells me of the days of her youth when even the neighborhood ice cream/candy man would sell whole, large pickles.
And I finally start searching for you again in the end
Durbin was the heroine of two 1941 novels, Deanna Durbin and the Adventure of Blue Valley and Deanna Durbin and the Feather of Flame, both written by Kathryn Heisenfelt and published by Whitman Publishing Company. “The heroine has the same name and appearance as the famous actress but has no connection … it is as though the famous actress has stepped into an alternate reality in which she is an ordinary person.” The stories were probably written for a young teenage audience and are reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew. They are part of a series known as “Whitman Authorized Editions”, 16 books published between 1941-1947 that featured a film actress as heroine.[7]
Whilst writing my last post I came across a charity which offers interesting opportunities for prisoners to engage in projects that provide them with skills and that provide much needed support to those in need. The extent to which such charities or workshops exist or actually run in the increasingly over crowded prisons of today, I do not know. All I know is that I don't believe prison is the answer to today's ills. Brandishing everyone with the same brush is a crude form of self regulation for society. In the same way that one would not use a detention system in school time and again for every student if it wasn't working, surely society should look at the way it deals with apparent criminals. In light of what have been seen as very harsh recent punishments, I do have to question the motives behind them. Is it a sign of the stresses of today's society or of power crazed individuals? Are people trying to stamp their authority? I say this because frankly I don't understand.
Each month I open, catalog and archive a box of memorabilia. Box 3 contains diaries dating from the late 1800s and early 1900s. I've done some work with these diaries and love the additional detail they provide. It is time the contents were scanned and properly archived.
But Mussolini was more like Lenin and Stalin in his overt rejection of democracy: "Fascism denies that the majority, by the simple fact that it is a majority, can direct human society". Most modern-day Leftists in the Western world would undoubtedly like to get rid of democracy too but they are less open about it than Mussolini was.
When speaking to Michael, we realised that it made sense to combine forces and ensure that there are really great weekly meet-ups for the tech community, and then much larger quarterly events for the wider creative community, in place to help connect people. After all, community is so important in the start-up industry, and more regular meet ups can help to help drive growth and innovation.
Publication Date: 1 December 2011
3. The Kewaunee nuclear plant in Wisconsin notified the NRC on Monday that the Residual Heat Removal system for its Unit 1 reactor was declared inoperable on Friday due to a defective weld. The reactor was out of service at the time of the discovery of the bad weld.
It was an honor to be able to share this event with so much of my family.
I try to keep an attitude of gratitude. Now, I will admit that sometimes it takes a few seconds/minutes to kick in if the situation isn’t so great. Times like when the mower wires that you have to disconnect to keep the battery from draining when it’s not in use aren’t staying connected when you’re trying to mow. Or when it gets stuck when I am pushing it out of the garage to jump-start it. Or when the mower blades don’t engage after I get it started. Hey, I’m human.
and I’m sure betting
At some point this month I reluctantly applied for a job I really didn’t want at a religious goods, gifts, and book store. To my horror, I actually was hired.
the "eternal pessimist"
I seemed to be the only person there under 50. I'm not quite sure why, although I know how difficult it is to do anything in the evening if you're in the tunnel of parenthood. Perhaps Banksy would have drawn a different crowd.
The United States’ rapidly declining crude oil supply has made a stunning about-face, shredding federal oil projections and putting energy independence in sight of some analyst forecasts.
While a series like Yugioh banks on sappy feelings of friendship to draw its cast of protagonists together, Gundam Wing has a more symbolic figure: Gundam Wing ZERO. As the series’ namesake, it is one of the most powerful and technologically advance suits in the series, and by the end of the series, each of the Gundam pilots will have used it at least once. Considering that it’s both an amalgamation of colonial hopes and mankind’s unified technology, I couldn’t think of a better entity to represent the Gundam fellowship.
It remains to be seen if the Singapore government will demand the site to be gazetted as a political organization eventually as what it did to another blog last year.
Me: So what are your plans for the day?
Glue/double sided tape
I want to post it because I feel it also highlights just why I want to deal with MMS.
Like a wound that bleeds afresh
Now I’m going to subscribe to Maureen Johnson’s manifesto. I’m NOT a brand. If I wanted to be locked inside a box, I’d have queried traditional publishers. No, thanks, I’m proud to be indie, prolific and almost unbrandable. If I ever go to a convention and end up on some panel (yikes! *runs to hide in her writing cave*), I’ll just be myself. I might fail to sell books to masses, but I’m sure I’ll find my true fans.
cho: Oh! the Strawberry Roan, we went out to unbend his bone
Why not to watch: The bulk of its legacy isn’t that good.
Helen Schucman co-authored ACIM with Dr. Thetford. Schucman went into drug induced trances and purported to have received messages directly from Jesus Christ. The person that transcribed the messages from Christ was the CIA, Dr. Thetford. This is Oprah’s ACIM, direct messages from a New Age Jesus Christ.[48] In Christianity, there is no other name so powerful by which man can be saved other than through the name of Jesus Christ.
Between 2004 and 2010 PPL collected Rs. 360 crores from licensing music for mobile ringtones. For all these years, PPL has claimed that it has been collecting ringtones on behalf of IPRS under a ‘single window’ scheme. Presuming that the royalties were split equally between IPRS and PPL, it would have meant that the former should have received Rs. 180 crores from PPL. Now if that Rs. 180 crores actually reached IPRS (which it never did) it would have been split between composers, authors & producers in a ratio of 30:20:50 as per Rule 4(e) of the IPRS Rules. This would mean that the composers would have got Rs. 54 crores, authors would have got Rs. 36 crores and the music companies would have got Rs. 90 crores. The share of music companies would have thus been the Rs. 180 crores, that were received by virtue of their membership in PPL (PPL has exclusive membership of only music companies) plus the Rs. 90 crores received by virtue of their membership of IPRS i.e. Rs. 270 crores in total. However if the Rs. 90 crores due to authors and composers was never given to IPRS, then PPL’s members would illegally gain the Rs. 90 crores which should have gone to composers and lyricists/authors in IPRS and instead of Making Rs. 270 crores they would now make Rs. 360 crores, only.
My house is a baby death trap! Not really but we have four cats and there is fur and hair floating everywhere (not to mention animal bits that go unfound, ehhh), I have always sucked at cleaning (esp vacuuming/sweeping/mopping--th​ough I'm getting better fast) . . . not to mention that James is ripping up the floor in the kitchen, so there are bits of linoleum and god knows what else scattered everywhere . . . basically, I can't let james in hardly any spaces by himself because he is CRAWLING FAST and pulling up on EVERYTHING.
Truly, these are kings among men.
if asked, you could offer a team from forensics:
Fun: 4/5 – A fun outing but probably not a regular deal (there’s only so much you can learn about beer).
There are 8 registers but just one cashier on station. There are several other personnel in the logo shirt not stocking or inventorying or working in any visible way. What they are not doing is manning a register. It becomes apparent the one cashier is new. Also slow. But very cheerful giving her full attention to each customer and concentrating on the process of each checkout. When I am the next one up another cashier opens a register and those behind me flee to that line. I was boxed in and could not possibly have responded when she called out "I can help the next person !".
... to be addicted to Scramble with Friends.
Between Ilaniya and Lavi on both the Jesus Trail and the Gospel Trail are the ruins of an old Roman road (pictured above) that Jesus likely used.
Canker sores suck! And most everyone gets them from time to time!
That’s not all. When it comes to solving Europe’s debt woes, Hollande’s view is the antithesis of that of Angela Merkel and German public opinion. He’s already stated that he won’t support the fiscal pact as it currently exists. When it comes to Europe’s finances, he said last week, “It’s not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe.” He also believes that instead of austerity, the solution to Europe’s debt woes is printing and spending more money. “So many people in Europe are waiting for our victory,” he said recently, “I don’t want a Europe of austerity, where nations are forced on their knees.”
Craves for McTortillas
Well I am doing a seminar next Tuesday in London about this - but I'm afraid you can't come as it filled up in two days a week ago after two emails from the organisers - the Royal Mail.
I try really hard to only shape kids in positive ways. I try to tell them that they are hard workers and adventurous and creative instead of labeling them with qualities that don’t require effort (like smart or beautiful…this is one of the hardest ones for me, though). I push them to try things that they are nervous about (ie climbing higher or more creatively on play equipment). I prove to them that their little scrapes aren’t as bad as they think by asking goofy questions about their injuries and give them lots of kisses. I encourage them to be creative by telling them made up stories and asking for one in return. I help them think up names for bugs that scare them so they don’t seem as bad.
Year 2012 is my family year of Prosperity. The fruit of my labor will be blessed and prosperous. Remember God’s word, Jeremiah 33:3 Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know. Wealth has many meanings, not just monetary. So remember the Lord, wants us to have things. He is able to give us blessings so that we can be a blessing to others. This is more important than anything we could possibly have or be. WE ARE TO BE A BLESSING. We don’t have wealth to hoard, or to build ourselves up, or to act or live above others as a showcase. We are blessed so we can be a blessing in helping others. Having wealth makes it so much easier to do, but not impossible!
I am really excited about these life events.
every patent granted to CSIR is in the name of CSIR and not individual labs. The logically corollary of this simple fact is that there must be somebody called CSIR which has information on how their patents are licensed. However when one applies to this CSIR body, they claim they don’t have any information and that one should apply to 39 different laboratories despite the fact that these 39 different laboratories are not the owners of the patents. Why in God’s name should I request information from entities who do not own any of these patents? It just doesn’t make any sense to me.
Yours Truly in the pretty white dress with the garland of flowers in her hair. It was around 1965 or ‘66 and our parents were invited for a visiting day at the Sacred Heart Day Nursery in Toronto. They had no idea that I was the little Princess in the routine, nor did the parents of my Prince know that he was in the starring role either. I think we just forgot to tell them. Isn’t Prince Charming adorable with his shiny cloak and glittering crown?
Scriptfrenzy isn’t going that well for me. Mostly because I can’t concentrate on One Single Story to write. I want to write them all, in one go, and that makes all the stories very spread out and not like I want them. Concentration problems you can call it. I struggle to pick one story and stick with it. At the first moment the story seems to point downwards I get bored and jump to another one. It’s getting so irritating, because that means that I’ll never finish anything. Everything is left hanging in the air. Anyone have any advice how to stop jumping from story to story? Just write exciting parts? Delete all other stories? Anything?
Sine Nomine Publishing
Instead of proceeding further with the grievance, therefore, it was eventually agreed that my boss would have no further input into four things I was working on (PerX which developed into TechXtra, and ideas which became the ticTOCs and Gold Dust projects), and that after ten years of involvement I would drop out of Intute which he would still be involved with. In other words – a compromise.
Earlier this month, a person introducing herself as Ree Drummond’s assistant e-mailed me to tell me that Ree wanted to send me one of her new cookbooks. She wondered if I’d like it autographed, as well.
After the extreme heat of the weekend, it was lovely to have the weather turn cooler and feel the rain fall.
Cooking: I replace all the commercial oils in recipes with either olive oil, butter or coconut oil. Coconut oil is cheaper, so I'm going to use it more often. Also, we definitely use it whenever we fry anything (ex. making french fries, or fried chicken pieces) in our Dutch oven. One of my favorite things is that there will not be a lingering fried food smell in our home!
Did I mention that Matthew slept through the entire night? I don't care if I did because it bears repeating.
In attempts to make much of myself, I failed miserably. I can see with clear eyes that it’s all about pointing to the Father and making much about Him.
Somewhat dispirited by my debate with one of those Christians who thinks that condemnation of homosexuality is the touchstone of Christianity- if you do not condemn it, you are not a proper Christian- I was delighted to read this. I find myself wondering, what would a literal translation say? Though other cultures do not condemn homosexuality nearly as much as these obsessive Evangelicals do, would Hafiz really have written this? Or would he have had a “spiritual” interpretation, nothing to do with sex at all? Actually, it does not matter. I read the English words now, and delight in them. I give light spiritually at the moment, but it is lovely to think that I am capable of giving light carnally.
All the above components need to be combined with precision in order for the scenes to work and hats off to Rob Pallantina with direction by Joe Lawson for putting all the pieces together.
to extend the wall on one side so
eyes ache
According to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport’s Website:
8. Outroduction
Last week I was reminded just how much I cherish my friends (not that I really needed a reminder). A gaggle of us were attending a beautiful Christmas luncheon, which happened to occur on my birthday. All of the sudden, a group of girls broke out the props and into song….all for me! My dear friend Jess made up the sweetest and silliest song about “Vanessa” and how I do it all with “f-anessa”, shouldn’t “str-essa”, I “con-fessa”…..I think you get the picture. The props were fantastic; an apron (trimmed in red marabou), dish-washing gloves (trimmed in red marabou), a tiara (trimmed in red marabou), a red beauty queen sash featuring the words; Organized Hoarder (they know me so well!), a marabou scepter and a leopard trim necklace that said “Blogger Star”. I truly can’t remember the last time I felt so special.
In Canmore, the Three Sisters Mountains were often in view, from different angles.
The drama part of Auschwitz lasts no longer than half an hour, but it manages to pack in gratuitous infanticide, all sorts of nudity, tooth removal, an extended gassing sequence and Uwe Boll eating a sandwich. There's one shot that comes from a better, more moving film - the ashes of the Death Camp's victims rising into a grey, apocalyptic sky - but nothing else even approaches approaches that level of emotion, so it's lost amongst the violence and torture nonsense. And that's what Auschwitz is - the ultimate torture flick.
A new article from FastCompany lists a number of companies that have reaped the benefits of letting their employees take time off without any limits. Companies like IBM, Netflix and Zappos have had unlimited paid time off for many years, but now more and more tech companies, upstart and established ones alike, are realizing the upside of unshackling their employees’ hands when it comes to choosing their time off.
A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin (Recently watched and loved the first season of the show so I just had to buy the book!)
3. Remove and plate when the chicken is bbqed to your liking. It doesn’t take long and the chicken is cooked all teh way through because of the long cook time.
After a diaper change, I shake off the poo in the toilet when I can, otherwise I spray the diaper with a homemade diaper sprayer. It's a kitchen sprayer hooked up in our bathroom to use as a diaper sprayer. Then I toss the diaper in the pail, which is actually a kitty litter bucket. I decided to use the cat litter bucket as a diaper pail, because I already had it and diaper pails can be spendy. I think it holds the perfect amount of diapers considering how often I wash the diapers. We use the dry pail method. I don't use a pail liner, I just rinse the pail out with hot water and vinegar. I don't go any longer than
Not me. I'm betting that by Christmas, if I've used my new HotPants faithfully until then, I'll still be able to slip comfortably into anything in my closet, with room to spare for all the inevitable goodies I know will be tempting me whichever way I turn!
The pretty, pink flamingo print is from the Etsy shop eastwiching. I first saw and fell in love with these pretty flamingos in an issue of Southern Living (shown below.) The extremely talented Alison Fennel lives in the UK and paints the most beautiful watercolor paintings of animals. Our future child (and no, I'm not pregnant) will definitely have some of these in their nursery! She was so sweet to work with - along with the print, she sent a precious notecard with one of her watercolor elephants on it, and a code for 10% off for me to share with friends...if you are interested, use the code "star1" at checkout.
Developing future leaders
However, when you go vegan you quickly realize that your favorite food is kinda gross. All that ricotta (with eggs in it? Why?) and greasy meat juice soaking it, and not enough sauce and too much mozzerella... it can go very wrong. That is why it is incumbent on you, my little friend, to create your own no-fail lasagna. It should be the ideal thing to bring to potlucks, to pull out of the oven on a rainy day, to serve to your in-laws when your girlfriend comes out of the closet. (Happy National Coming Out Day, btw!)
The cold Welsh sea before 7am though? No! Even though 'wild' swimming is to immerse oneself in the outside entirely, there are limits.
Crisis of Spirit (2007 dkb/br m by Vindication o/o Silverbulletway)
hello to completely defining each of my girls in a nutshell!
Do they...do they like Rupert Abbott more than me?
3. Wood plank walls- this is another design element I would love to work into the decor somehow. I'm thinking about trying it in the nursery and/or girls' bedroom.
We have to understand that all portfolio managers are not the same.
Uh- no thank you, sir.
The first indication of disunity in the rebel ranks was the murder of Col. Younes, a rebel commander who was called back to Benghazi by the National Transitional Council and killed en-route. Belhadj is suspected of involvement in his murder.
In May 1958, 3 months before the racial battles of Notting Hill and 1922 Committee to consider the consequences of uncontrolled immigration, he broke down and wept. At the second reading of the Commonwealth Immigration bill (1961) he prophesied:
As the eclipse slowly covered more of the moon, I lay down under the bare branches of the birch tree, against the shadowy, dark roots spreading beneath it, closed my eyes and felt the cold earth against my back. I could almost sense the movement, the slow tilting away, as the moon fell below the horizon and out of sight, leaving the total eclipse to those further to the west.
The same is true for us of course. We don’t have to be stuck in a sad story as a result of bad choices, stupid actions or deliberate wrong behaviour. There is a tendency nowadays to avoid the idea that there is such a thing as sin. I think that’s a mistake. As John said, ‘If we say we have no sin we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us.’ Admitting that we have fallen short of God’s best for us and accepting the truth sets us free, allowing us to repent and to begin a new story full of hope and possibilities.
1988, 3 years old: Fell off my bike and lost the skin on my arms and legs.
Max Eider (The Jazz Butcher)
b) Finish under 5:00:00
2. Preachers and missionaries who walk in pride and refuse to humble themselves every day spending little or no time in prayer and soul-winning for the salvation of the lost (Acts 20:19-21).
In addition, she's seemingly not including the Yogurt Shop defendants among the exonerated. There, DNA evidence obliterated the state's theory of the crime, causing the convictions to be overturned and the defendants to be released. If Lehmberg is not including those defendants in the totals, that means she's clinging to the preposterous unindicted co-ejaculator theory involving some mysterious fifth perpetrator unforeseen by the prosecution's theory nor referenced during the lengthy interrogations that led to the overturned confessions. (Perhaps she's only including cases that came to the office while she was sitting as DA, but she was First Assistant for a dozen years before that and a key decisionmaker on the appeals and writs in question.)
Of the techniques above, I’m particularly proud of using the wax-resist dying one, as I single-handedly adapted it from its original use for making batik. How I learned to make batik? There is a story behind it.
But then on Friday, the unthinkable happened: he replied!
Gender prediction: Boy or Girl? I am unsure. Just have to see.
Funded by the National Lottery through the Olympic Lottery Distributor.
This tastes just like it! I actually prefer this to broccoli cheese soup. I think it's cheesier and more flavorful and I like the variety of vegetables in it. It thickens upon standing and it's even better the next day.
However, it will make you love him even more. Just a warning.
I would be bored.
I would love for you to play along with us this week by linking up your textural cards/projects at the home of the Whimsical Wednesday Challenge: Whimsical Designs. (You'll also find information on this week's prize on the challenge post!) I am excited to see your creations. And guess what? We are nearing Stephanie's stamp release... one week closer! I am eager to create with her wonderful stamps and am sure you will love them, too. :o)
She is the founder of two NGOs, Navjyoti and India Vision Foundation, which� reach out to over 10,000 beneficiaries daily, in the areas of� drug abuse treatment, schooling for children of prisoners, in addition to� education, training, counseling, and health care to the urban and rural poor.
Way to be optimistic, Cubs fans. Anyway, the game was absolutely fantastic, especially because the Dodgers won 5-1. There isn’t a ton to see at the actual stadium, but the bleacher boys in left field sure put on a drinking show, and I felt like I was sitting in a ball park for a game in the 1950′s.
To all of my Word Press friends and followers, thank you so much for being a part of the blogging community. I feel like I learn something new every day, and I have fun doing it. You guys are awesome! If you’d like to help me out with some free marketing, please re-blog this post.
3. Radio: Similar to the abaove suggestions, make sure to include a CTA in every radio commercial encouraging listeners to follow your business on Twitter and/or Facebook for exclusive offers and giveaways. Radio spots are easy to update on a moment’s notice so use that to your advantage. Update the offers frequently so listeners are encouraged to join your networks.
And YOU got a job as a doctor or a lawyer, figuring that was where the big money was? SUCKER!
And if someone does eat the sheep...
The story reminds me of the same problems that plagued Temple of Doom. I think alien artifacts are just as distant and difficult to care about as pagan stones from a death cult. The communists do not make as good a villains as the Nazis, either. It is more than just that too much time has passed since the end of the Cold War. These commies were too generic. Where is that godless, evil empire? The best Indiana Jones films played up the good versus evil dynamic with spiritual overtones. The worst two left those out completely.
Title: The Traveller, The Tiger and the Very Clever Jackal
WHEN A TREE DREAMS
Demon Song (Blood Singer, 3) - Cat Adams
Genre: Mystery, Crime
The 9 Life Path indicates you have a commanding presence. You’ve the ability to make friends easily, as people are attracted to your magnetic, open personality. You meet people easily and are quickly befriended because of your openness and amiable demeanor. Your genial ways often put you in the lead in whatever you pursue.
Were there discussions with Fenton prior to J Street’s refusal to condemn the Goldstone Report on Gaza, a report that certainly serves the Fenton/Qatari interests? Were there communications with Fenton surrounding J Street’s support for Rep. Donna Edwards who refused to sign a congressional resolution supporting Israeli actions in Gaza?
On another note, I took advantage of the recent event cancellations to go and walk with Claire Lomas. If you haven’t already heard about Claire’s challenge have a look at the following link http://www.justgiving.com/Claire-Lomas Claire was injured in a riding accident and is walking the London marathon in a robotic suit. It is not until you see her walk and see what determination and guts it has taken for her to take this challenge on that you realise how incredibly inspirational she is. I will be off up to London tomorrow to see her finish, now I am no longer competing at Aston le Walls.
Smudging is a ritual purification by smoke, common to most of the indigenous peoples of the Americas. It has been widely adopted by many non-natives. All ancient cultures burned things of various types for spiritual reasons. Incense is thought to ‘please the gods’ with its scent, and resins such as frankincense and myrrh are considered suitable gifts. If you remember correctly, Frankincense and Myrrh are mentioned in the Bible, so it surely can’t be too bad!
At the time, I was doing family child day care. We occasionally had “bean snapping” parties, which produced beans of uneven sizes, which truly didn’t matter. The chemical free food was more important, as was the children’s education of how food reaches their tables.
Weber’s science presupposes this experience, which we would call subjective. After having encountered it in Nietzsche, he spent the greater part of his scholarly life studying religion in order to understand the non-contemptible, those who esteem or revere and are therefore not self-satisfied, those who have values …
feeling the weight of negative people even though I do not choose to see them...though it isn't new, it is something that has come back around to me again...
I remembered how I carried him, hold him in my lap, feeding him food and drinks, talking to him soothingly when he expressed his fear of certain things …..
who’ve found a wedge issue. I just want my son to live. Is that asking too
1- Preheat the oven 180°C, then start mixing the butter with sugar with a spatula or the electric mixer till it's creamy.
And then I remembered I'm doing exactly that.
Unless it involves their own interests. One would expect the Aquarium itself to lead by example but you’d be surprised.
Sophistication, value and maximum versatility make Spellbinders die
Oil / Ghee
Launched in May 2010, this blog aims to share the team’s excitement about the fascinating content and beautiful artefacts they encounter during the course of our work.
ND - I think it’s a very fair point but the reality is that the SPL’s rules have been pretty consistent with both the English Football League and the English Premier League on which they were based back in 1998 and it’s actually the SFL which is slightly out of step with the majority of UK football.
Manfred Man Mighty Quinn UK
Madder-style prints were very popular from about 1860 to 1890, but we also see them in patchwork dating back to the 1780s.
The robbers, who were armed with pistols, divided into three groups and simultaneously robbed the Impala Fruit & Veg City, Impala Flora Centre and Olivia's Confectionary & Coffee Shop. One of the robbers was shot dead by a customer in the coffee shop as they fled while firing shots.
WIN - Make Up Forever HD Foundation. When the gorgeous Tracy sent me this along with the Matt Velvet + foundation I had thought, based on online reviews, that my oily bits would loathe this. But no. I love it. High coverage which is my preference, semi matte finish, lasts through work. Fab!
EID Parry
We are incorrect; He is correct
This was one tricky product to get my hands on, but (as is obvious) I did and I couldn't be more pleased. Chances are you've seen one of the many positive reviews of this floating around. I'll elaborate as I go on, but I'll start by stating they were right. This is a pretty fantastic foundation!
I have always believed this, so I have always felt very fortunate and blessed”
bodies wall
“I’m sorry for being so late. I had some stuff come up but I’m here and definitely ready.”
B-L-A-C-K
Jen is a Twitter friend of mine, and she sent me the e-version of her book for review. It’s about running, but it’s also about faith, family, a mischievous dog, and coming to grips with the baggage you’ve dragged around for years. Jen is hilarious and so real, and I thoroughly enjoyed reading her story. (And have added her to the long list of online friends I’d love to meet in real life.)
- 1/4 tsp pepper
I love this dress.
Next morning cut to breakfast of omelette and chips. With gherkin and tomato on side, thus elevating it to a superfood.
First I washed all the panels in hot water. I had to do this in two batches of 6 panels. Then I dried them for just about 10-15 minutes, and then laid them all flat to decrease the wrinkles.
BTW IMTU is short for In My Traveller Universe, its typical to assume every Traveller GM is talking about how they have tailored the setting in their own work. Should be applicable to Fantasy IMFS (in my fantasy setting), historical IMHS (in my historical setting) or low tech setting etc. etc..
Met up with Dearest in Piccadilly and caught the 82 home. Picked my car up from the garage and gave the jolly mechanic £140.
Looking forward to the week ahead and all the fantastic memories and moments that are going to be created!
What is a better encouragement to us than Scripture? IT IS the truth. Our own feelings or thoughts are not necessarily true, unless they are in line with God’s Holy Word. Let’s look at the love of God as revealed to us in the Bible. It is indeed marvelous. We have graciously been saved from sin and set apart for a relationship with our God!
It doesn’t really matter to me what people choose to believe. I just hope they have some hope. I find our thoughts are often our greatest source of pain. Sometimes religious thoughts cause suffering. Even religious people can have an idea “I hope God forgives me.”
524- Whisky fudge! yum
Thank you so much for taking the time to pop by today, and I hope you enjoy our little hop!
As majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds
since it pays for her newly imported coffee tables from Venice, mother's not complaining (does she even miss him?)
Wanted by Sara Shepard
“Erm, I have not even..” I protested, but he cut me off “you were about to suggest we begin by sifting through this establishment for clues or tracks”
King of Cups, how you intrigue me
At the pairing dinner, learn firsthand from wine guru Damon O'Gara about the selected Italian wines and how they were chosen to complement each course's tastes and textures. I'm more than curious to taste how the oaky Moroder Rosso Conero 2006 will play off the creaminess of the smoked chicken ricotta ravioli. Or how the "ruby red color, intense bouquet and well-structured flavor" of the Vaona Valpolicella Ripasso 2007 might possibly enhance the richness of a butternut squash ravioli in a frangelico pecan brown butter sauce.
13 THE UK has the second-highest rate of teen pregnancies in the developed world, behind the US. There are 30.8 births for every 1,000 teenagers. Teenage mothers are twice as likely to live in poverty.
#074 Shea Hillenbrand (Red Sox)
Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
I had a dream that an olive tree grew big and tall out of the heart of Palestine. Like a mother would hold her child in her bosom it shaded all of Palestine. From its oil shone a warm luminous glow bringing wanderers from far and wide towards the warm promise of light. The children of Palestine climbed the tree and played hide and seek among her leaves. The song of their laughter echoing in the hollow of her bark where she saved each giggle and chuckle forever. The elders rested on her roots as they told Palestine’s story to the women who smiled lovingly, watering the tree with their tears of joy and whispers of prayer.
Finally, where they entered toddling, they leap into the linear world out there, leaving me behind with a couple dozen new two-year-olds tottering and scattering.
Notes: Standard is hands on floor and head to floor. Hands must be inside elbow width.
Would Congress stand by and allow its powers be usurped? Imagine yourself a Senator or Representative fearful of arrest and detention. Rounding up all 435 members would not be a difficult task.
The first one I tried was wordpress:
We were both somewhat shell-shocked and numbed when our respective spouses had moved out after 20-year marriages that were admirable in many ways but had become loveless, or at least sexless, and we didn’t know what to expect after that.
The thought of it makes me yearn for the days when the government passed out comodities, one of which included a delectable brand of peanut butter, which was in my opinion of the highest quality of any I have yet encountered. I have not seen this around, unfortunately, for several years now. It came in a large can and, when opened, the peanut oil was at the top, and had to be stirred in. But it was great, and would certainly be perfect for this purpose. Failing that, however, I suppose Peter Pan or Jif would do fine. Stay away from the off-brands, however, most of which are too dry, and otherwise of inferior quality.
Also over on that side, we hit up the Wicked Twister and the maXair. Both of which were a dumb choice, since my cheeseburger was looking to make a repeat performance during the rides.
The waitress handed the menus over and to the delight of Hank and Bobbie-Joe, it promised all the lovely delicacies the South can offer; fried chicken, grits, biscuits, even chicken fried beef steak.
I'm glad he played and I'm sorry the team is folding. They lost an awful lot of games but they did so with good humour and lot of self-deprecation - and (mostly) with a lot more grace than I would have mustered in their shoes - or should that be boots? Not 'low-class' or 'macho' in the slightest. Perhaps they'd have won more games if they were!
You know damn well
Mizoram, India.
Album: KingsTrax I & II
Alice and Ruth were sisters. Fun loving, close and family oriented. Their parents were Carrie Woodworth and Henry Beamer Milmine
The Phase Space Place
The advantage of Ron going to day care some during the week would put him higher on the waiting list if he needed to go to assisted living. That fee is about $3500 per month and without Medicaid we could not afford that. SRS (Social and Rehabilitation Services) will take that application I'll fill out and divide our assets (haha - as such as they are) and decide what percentage of Ron's disability income and retirement pay will go toward his care and what percentage of my salary will go toward it) and then Medicaid will help with the rest.
The Childhood Scrawls
It was K’s birthday and we had celebratory pancakes for breakfast. Other than that we ended up not spending much of the day with them as they had to organise how they were going to get to Sydney for Brenda’s funeral so we went to the Parndana Wildlife Park as we didn’t feel we could go too far. It was OK but not that exciting. We met K and G for afternoon tea at the Island Beehive, which was a much more upmarket honey store than the farm and had great apple scones but didn’t have the same family feel. We went back to the house and had a lovely birthday BBQ dinner and a cake bought in Kingscote. Quite a different setting from our usual birthdays and very memorable.
Also, throughout the season, a question of faith has always been brought to the viewer’s attention. The Hebrew meaning of the Archangel Michael is ‘Who is God?’ Before, the 12 Colonies of Kobol believed in multiple Gods, while the Cylons believed in one true God. It was a debate the whole season. Even Starbuck had some questionable thoughts on which faith to follow, but she did have faith in herself to find Earth, and in the end, she did. Go back a bit to the first and second season, and she made a comment how she was God, but as the series progressed, she had to question herself multiple times, and question her faith.
I smiled sweetly at the cashier, praying to God that she may not have noticed that my Eldest Daughter had been playing at "Lords and Ladies" when she booked the tickets, and still thinking frantically about how we could sort this all out.
- Fixed our gas and electric tariff onto a fixed tariff that ends in 2013
My Al walks a fine line between being obnoxious and being hilarious. Some people "get" him; others most decidedly do not. We were with the right group of people at the Kinderhotel, though, because Alex could do no wrong. His weird humor and extroverted nature netted him offers of friendship -- and tennis! -- at every turn.
It doesn't end well for Loki, who ends up tied to some rocks in a cave with a snake dripping venom on his head. Balder's death, meanwhile, means the coming of the end of the world,when the Earth will sink into the sea and men will kill their own fathers and brothers. (You're probably feeling a bit resentful now. You did, after all, join us for a blog post about felt decorations and kissing.)
‘And remember Scrimgeour, who was killed
The new livery is smart, clean and still speaks to their historical look and feel. It does fall into the ‘white fuselage – bright tail’ bin though, a look that a lot of airlines are now adopting (that said, at least the logo doesn’t just stop at the tail and continues on to the aircraft belly). Which is a little sad, as I do like airlines that understand a livery isn’t just a logo on a billboard. That said, it’s modern, fresh and looks like an international brand.
The frosting is my usual vanilla bakery icing, but I omitted almond extract (and subbed in a little extra vanilla) due to the birthday girl's brother's allergies.
One of the earliest calls for Obama's resignation came from fellow blogger Alan Caruba as far back as June 10th 2009. In his article Mr. Caruba said: "Since the President takes an oath to "preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States", a President who acts contrary to the Constitution or is found guilty of breaking the law should be subject to removal." Mr. Caruba goes on to say: "I would argue that a President who appoints over twenty "czars" to supersede the powers of the secretaries of various federal departments; people who are apparently exempt from Congressional approval or oversight, and people who apparently do not feel the need to hold press conferences to explain what they are doing, is distinctly unconstitutional."
Now, I have to let you into a small secret here - posting about the Silver Phoenix is not an entirely altruistic gesture on my part. Oh no... it's all part of a grand scheme to get Cindy Pon and Silver Phoenix promoted and hey, if I'm lucky enough I stand to win a copy of the book. "Hmm," I hear you say, "why don't you just buy a copy?". Well, here's the thing, the book is not being released in South Africa any time in the near future. I can't buy it from Amazon because Amazon no longer ship here because we have such a huge problem with theft in our postal services. And the local online provider I usually use doesn't even have the book listed. Whaaaaah! Mind you, all is not lost... I am heading to northern climes next month (more on that later), if all else fails I will march into Waterstones or Borders or wherever and grab a copy of Silver Phoenix there. But this is a book I have to read - aside from the great story, a girl has to know what her competition is up to, right?!
The camel of religion.
Feel a bit shaken up. I better have a cocoa.
“God forbid if they ever hear of the revolution – they fight it, wherever it may be.
- High return on investment by the prime location (Central of the City) and by the continuous Membership Clubs, Condo projects and Condo Hotel projects in every famous tourist spot as value enhancers.
I think I'm too practical minded to be able too cast spells. I thought about this question when Elizabeth Mueller's novel Darkspell came out, and still can't answer it.
“It is against their stated values. And in some cases even against the contracts that we have made with those organisations,” he added.
We've been around a whole 4 years - you know how I know? Because I launched La Plates on my baby boy's 1st birthday. And that little Jedi Knight turns 5 tomorrow!
But that talk made no reference to what one professor said made the university “stick out like a sore thumb.” Roger Daniels, history professor emeritus at the University of Cincinnati, said that former USC President Rufus B. von KleinSmid, who ran the school from 1921 to 1947, believed that issuing a transcript would constitute “giving aid and comfort to the enemy.”
As reported in Salon, author, and University of Chicago professor Dario Maestripieri contends that “our social relationships have analogs in nature, especially within groups of primates. “While we may not go up and grab our supervisor’s genitals as a sign of respect,” Maestripieri contends, “We engage in similar acts that help us figure out where we fit in groups.”
Small, frail and white haired lady, less
My vision is that I’ll have a little flat on my daughter’s country estate. On this estate, there will be all manner of cuddly animals, and I’ll sit on my rocking chair on the verandah patting the goats and dogs and cats and guinea pigs and sheep and…you get the picture, and sipping lemonade.
vnto woe vnto woe vnto woe
Mikkeller's It's Alive! Strong Belgian pale ale with brettanomyces; Mikkeller's tribute to Belgian Trappist beer legend/Kansas City collaborator Orval - 8% ABV
While I was talking to my friend John this past weekend I remembered looking at my arm and I noticed a particular scar. I also found it so interesting that while I have tons of scars on my body, inside and out, but we will get to that later; that I was able to remember what memory this specific one belonged to. I know we always talk about scars as something that teach us to learn from the past. Scars happen as a way to remind us that were alive. They serve as some recollection to something that we did or that happened to us in our lives. While there are plenty of scars on my body that I couldn’t tell you where they came from or what happened because I do have a bit of a problem of picking at scabs (some sort of obsessive compulsive behavior) I thought it would be interesting to examine some of my visible scars and the ones that I hold under my skin and think about what they have taught me and what I should have learned from them. I also think that some of these scars probably had some effect on my disorder over time.
Emma was the chick who liked to hang out in the graveyard. Not, like, a goth chick…more like a girl who’d lost too many people she loved. First her father, followed by the boy she loved. Emma goes to the graveyard to seek the comfortable silence that those she loved provided in life and now in death.
I got nothing but love songs for you.
"After work. Who has a 7:00?"
(Lecture on HDG Srila Bhaktivinoda Thakura’s Appearance Day, London, September 23, 1969)
You've got, me almost melt away
I found these awesome Sharpie metallic markers in silver, and WOW do they show up as silver! I was playing on the kraft cardstock and loved the look, and decided even with hearts, this would make a manly card!
I was greatly disturbed to learn that the Solidarity Singers have no such permit. Capitol Police staff confirmed that the group has neither requested nor completed such a form. According to your office, the group has “spoken with you” and both sides have a “verbal understanding.” This is troublesome at best, and downright appalling at worst.
The first thing I noticed about the Lansinoh mOmma Bottle was the overall design. It's shaped more like a breast than any other bottle we've encountered. And we've tried more than our fair share over the last few months. The soft, pliable nipple is also more "life-like" than other bottles.
So as we start the journey I will let you know what comes out of our little garden and give you recipes for using the best of the season.
While I would prefer to keep my family situation much more private, it is affecting my business and I am doing my best to keep things moving forward and keep you all up to date on the status of projects and patterns. In hindsight, I would do things differently and will do so in the future. (Trust me, no one wants this pattern complete and available more than I do!) My son is going through a VERY difficult time right now and the situation can change hourly. Add my daughters continued health issues, compounded by a medical system that is moving at the speed of most snails, and the end of my rope has arrived. I will NOT apologize for putting my children ahead of my business!
a side note- i am learning the words to taylor swift to sing as lullabies.
Shoulder presses: 3x sets of, respectively, 15, 20 and 30 reps at 4kg, super-setted with hamstring curls
Or bought a
Things in the 1930s, as we know, were getting a little dicey on the Continent, and at some point she appears to have loaded a container or two with some treasures and beat a path to North America. Now, should you even be surprised when I tell you that her move led her to settle in Hollywood, U.S.A.?
"You will be the dad, and you will marry me." - Little Girl
-He is cruising all over the place but not taking steps on his own yet, though he loves to push his walker
A very lovely creation. Just click on the E-mail Elf to the left and he takes you to Veronica and Pedro over at the Paper Shelter. They will help you sort out your prize for you.
Those that oppose the market playing a larger roll in the provision of healthcare are opposing the NHS becoming more responsive to our actual needs. They prefer to promote their ideological belief that only the state can provide adequate healthcare, despite all the evidence to the contrary.
How do you feel about this type of blogging phenomenon (tagging/awards)?
Me: Yes I do. I clean it with windex or else it looks nasty. It gets really dusty and covered with cat hair.
My body will just fall and drop.
How far off the peak are we? The national peak according to ESRI was in January/February 2007 when the index for both months stood at 139.5. Today’s figure of 85.2 for December 2010 indicates that prices have dropped by 38.9% from the peak. In Dublin, prices are 44.9% off the peak while Outside Dublin prices are 34.9% off the peak.
Function: verb
OK-OK Runners’ FIRST CLASS Mission: “To promote The Spirit of Friendship, Camaraderie, Sportsmanship to our fellow runners.”
"Sorry, Dad"
He spoke with an ease of which he wouldn’t have imagined himself capable, after all these years when – except for his poor grandmother – he’d only encountered mean and petty people.
Let me just tell you, it is THE softest throw blanket I've ever had. There is nothing like the feel of soft, vintage sheets! I used a coordinating vintage sheet for the back and there is a layer of cotton batting inside.
December 8 at Argyle Fine Art in Halifax for a night of good food, fun, door
Even the bums don’t travel here. Too few people walk the sidewalks with change enough in their pockets to spare a few coins for an unshaved neighbor. Most people here in nether-town sleep at night, and spend their daylight hours working and playing in the bigger berg, east, seven miles down the road. It runs on nine-to-five mentality.
The first thing that you will need to do when configuring startup files will be to startup your ‘Microsoft Configuration Utility’. This can be called ‘msconfig’ for short. You can find your computers msconfig utility by clicking on your start menu icon and typing msconfig in your ‘search programs and files’ text box find at the bottom of the menu (See example).
by Zuma against South African cartoonist Jonathan Shapiro aka Zapiro
I’m so happy!!! All Mom’s hard work is paying off. The doctor said they probably won’t need to see me for another blood draw for three months. That’s 90 days! Though, I do still have to go in and get my shots updated, at least it’s not blood drawing. That sorta is not fun.
I am so thankful that I got a clean bill of health! It made Mother's Day with my children that much sweeter for me... to know I will continue to be there for them.
In March 2009, the conservative columnist Don Feder was the subject of one at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. In his case, the speech-nullifying bla-blaists were white lefto-homo-antifa zombies. A piquant detail is that Feder is Jewish, and one of the main hecklers wore a keffieh.
Finally at 10:30, we sang to her. She was oh so happy! She cracks me up with her drama-ness!
After offering a couple of these cooking tips to our Farmers Market quinoa experimenter, I noticed that she still seemed disappointed in herself for not immediately becoming best friends with quinoa. Hence the need for a little taste bud psychology. The fact is that her lukewarm reaction is not hard to understand. In a nutshell, we like foods we’re familiar with. Introduce something unfamiliar and of course there’s a good chance it won’t be an immediate favorite.
Walking the pathways
you get the gist.
It isn't a big deal but I used some eyeliner on my inner corner for the first time.
Of the possible sexual concepts, there are some that fit The Joker more than others. But first, it may be necessary to look at if Joker is gay, straight or bisexual.
So I would think, and I’m no historian, that the trade beads, arrowheads, stone tools, copper spears, knives and much more being auctioned Saturday would be of great interest to Minnesota historians. I don’t consider it a coincidence that this auction is occurring during the 150th anniversary year of the U.S. – Dakota War of 1862 when interest in that event, and Native American artifacts, is particularly high.
I firmly believe that the spirits of those who bled and died here, remain to this day. I do not need photographic evidence or scientific proof of their ghostly existence. I felt them with my bones and I heard them all around me, screaming with each gust of wind.
For years, Sohrab is silent, even though he is now safe in America with Amir and his wife.
She is doing well and is pretty much back to her little self, however we did have a set back after surgery!
Right away I’ve forgiven
In the hotness stakes, following Ian in close second is horse trainer Cameron Mackenzie, the second oldest son. In The Many Sins of Lord Cameron, we discover that Cam dealt with his childhood by marrying a beautiful, well-born woman who makes the girl in Swimfan look like the poster child for a healthy relationship. We would diagnose her today as a nymphomaniac with probably a host of other disorders, but in Cam’s day, all he knew is that he had a crazy wife who threw her affairs in his face.
Check out this sexy shot of Joe Stagni, taken of himself by himself… by the way, he’s a Louisiana politician. And he texted the photograph to a female employee.
Scott Henderson is managing director of CauseShift, writes about social impact for the Chronicle of Philanthropy, and is founder of NewEmpireBuilders.com, a media collaborative covering the startups, non-profits, and companies making the world better.
I don’t know if I’ve posted this particular shot before, or not, but I was skimming through photos again and saw this and it made me laugh. She’s soooo funny. She not only licks your face, she gives lip kisses. No, seriously. She’ll put her little poochie lips to your cheek and kiss it with just her leetle lips, like a little innocent child kisses your cheek. tehe!
Racist whites were jealous of the Black areas that were thriving and took violent action against the Blacks they formerly controlled.
At Olive Young (similar to Watsons), I saw a large selection of VOV sheet and wash off masks, which I had tried and liked previously, so I decided to grab a whole selection of them for myself and for friends. Their cute bottle design makes them attractive gifts!
Alcohol By Volume : 9.10%
Until next time, I hope you all are making the most of the final full month of summer!
(in a vacuum, you'd rise to the opposite of your start position, then return, if there was no friction, you'd do this forever, a perfect pendulum... What do we remember about pendulums? (pendula) Ah. Equal time per arc.
I graduated from Spring Ford high school in Pennsylvania. By my junior year I had enough credits to attend our county’s vocational/technical school my senior year. I went for early childhood ed, and finished that year with a certificate in that as well as my diploma from Spring Ford. That’s it! All other schooling has come from hands-on, in the classroom experience.
Note: the close up to the right, I added some stickles and some
Today as I caught up with all of my social media... I was saddened to hear that Maurice Sendak had passed away. Being a teacher I LOVE children's books, but Where the Wild Things Are holds a Very special place in my heart. Read on if you would like a sappy story :)
What is it like to be one of the authors of the Zac Power series?
* not yet available locally here in Philippines but can be bought from online sellers
If you are still reading this, you deserve a knighthood, a medal or, at the very least, a Freddo.
Fax: 617.395.8352
Plenty more great stuff out there on the web. I’d write more, but Writer’s Block has settled in, so I’ll just end this post with two more things. First a great big shout-out to Maggie’s Farm. My site meter went ballistic this morning!
They were dressed identically.
Other natural disasters like volcanic eruptions and earthquakes are compliments of the Earth’s core. Beneath the crust of the Earth you start to get temperatures that are so hot that rocks exist in liquid form (magma). Much like our oceans; this molten rock has currents forming throughout it as the hotter magma naturally tries to rise through the colder and denser magma. The heat and friction energy created by this constant movement of the Earths innards builds up enormous amounts of pressure beneath the crust of the planet. In some cases the pressure becomes so great that it can suddenly release itself through tectonic plates which results in earthquakes. Similarly if the pressure builds up enough and there is already a weak point in between two plates; the magma can shoot through to the Earth’s surface forming a volcano. Tsunamis are also most commonly caused when one of the tectonic movements occur at a point under the ocean where the shockwaves are sent rippling through the water.
7. This one is a long shot but the Jonathan Adler giraffe sconces that I fell for waaaaay back when *may* come in this weekend. I'm not going to hold my breath though. They've been back-ordered since April and I had all but given up on them until I heard from Misomod this week that the manufacturer has finally started shipping them again. Once they're in, I have to find myself an electrician to hard wire them. But I just want them physically in my house at this point!
-awesomely cold- jkjk
French court has no jurisdiction over Razak Baginda, says lawyer – by Debra Chong – April 22, 2012
-Unit of independent reading—women and world lit (some choices = Julia Alvarez, Edwidge Danticat, Isaak Dinesan, Chitra Banerjee, Zadie Smith, Monika Ali, Laura Esquivel, Isabel Allende, Leslie Marmon Silko, and others)
"You'll be all right, old son," he said softly. "You'll be all right. They'll look after you -- they promised they would. And I need the money, Joey; I need the money bad."
Being away from the bloggy has let me see what an important safety valve it can be for my gravitas. If I don’t vent it periodically it becomes really toxic. Eventually it leaks right into the ground water. I think a local fifth grade class might never have another happy thought for the remainder of the school year.
And finally, this Sunday I am teaching Intuitive Collage and Encaustic Basics at Perfical Sense Studio in Evanston and there are still a few spaces available if you are looking for a fun way to spend the day.
Bette Midler (Stella)
Step 1: Bake sugar cookies! I made fairly large and medium sized cookies, 2-4", but you can make any size you want. I liked offering a few different sizes, so that people could really get creative.
Challenge # 28 - Your Favourite Colour Combo - Rosalien's Turn
It would have been inconsequential for the castaways to leave the island the same people they were when they arrived, saying “Wow, wasn’t that a crazy trip?!” The many layers of Lost ensure that these characters will remember why they were once brought to the island and that their desolate pasts will no longer impede them from moving on toward a fuller life. Memory will believe even after knowledge is forgotten.
Take up your bodies and carry his holy cross
Funny comment from a co-worker today--she described someone as "the one who dresses like a nice church girl." I said in my best offended voice, "I'm a nice church girl!!!!" (and I am). The response, "Yes, but you're flashy." Not much to say in response there.
I remember the last time I tagged along with friends who said they were riding down to Mona Vale via McCarrs Creek Rd. It’s not a long ride except they kept on going to Palm Beach and I was too embarrassed to say I had had enough.
7. ABC Flowers - Teacher Gift - One of my favorite things about my kids being in school is getting to reward their teachers for all of their hard work. During teacher appreciation week I made several gifts to show them how much we appreciate all they do, including this easy project.
I will shortly be posting photos and details of the collection of samples I produced so keep checking back to see the final outcomes!
Alex and I share an anniversary with my Memaw and Papaw, what an honor. I will always remember his love for her, he treated Memaw like a queen. He brought a sense of security to us all that will be dearly missed. We mourn our lose but not a day will go by without celebrating the life my Papaw lived, loving the Lord and singing His praises. I am overjoyed at the fact that after 25 years of darkness, His eyes were opened to see the glory of the Lord. Wow, what an overwhelming thought. As much as I want my Papaw back with us and my Memaw, he would be ticked.
will involve. Do you think the book ended in the appropriate place? I'm not sure. In all honesty, who am I to decide? I am glad that it wasn't some dastardly cliff hanger. I'm glad that I kind of know where all my characters left off. Then again, sometimes I like a little more of an open ending when reading middle books or YA. In this instance, I do think it worked the way it was. I like that I know we get to go international. Although, I kinda already knew because Cambria told me. LOL!
Ladies, I must thank you for your help! I do love my friend and I don't mind making the random baby blanket or hat for her store, but I broke the news to her last night that there would be no socks. And bless her, once I explained, she was good with that. I have some bootie patterns that she likes, so I'll continue making those when she needs them.
Upon me, as I travel
Team Sky – (British team with a lot of British riders!)
From CNN:
I bought a Calvin Klein purse, 2 BCBGMaxAzaria tunics, a Cynthia Rowley tee, DKNY capris, and Calvin Klein capris. Total score!
At once the man next to William rose and walked to the prisoner's door, leaving his wife sitting at the table, her handkerchief still held across her mouth and nose. She sat for a moment, weeping as steadily as she had wept all during her conversation with her husband. Then, still with the handkerchief at her face, she stood up and moved toward the visitors' door. William could still not decide from exactly what depth her tears came.
“Kayak” takes on more adventurous material with the poet becoming separated from a loved one in her kayak. In this poem she doesn’t listen because she can not hear. She rues this: “if your voice had carried from the pier/ as through the one remaing seagull’s wings,/ perhaps you would have kept your place beside/ me in the sudden storm.” Becoming separated from the voice she wants to hear, she grows desperate: “drowning/ is the only sound, the cutting off of air/around your face, the silencing of movement/ toward me now.” Clearly, she has more adventure than she wants to deal with: “the kayak learns the river,/ and the heart the rushing cataract.”
Tiny pricks of agony spilled like rabid mosquito stings where the pressure from his bulk had been released. Naomi took one… two, deep, unsatisfying breaths.
No, NOT written by my cousin (this only works if you know I have an American cousin who was born Elizabeth Haynes but I HAD to mention it).
The livery looks pretty good, a lot less thrown together, then some of it’s peers.
Making changes, TP brought the right players on in Pennant, Crouch and Fuller, although it was frustrating at the time that even at one goal down he couldn’t bring himself to leave both wingers on the pitch, while Ricardo Fuller was again hung out to dry out wide for the bulk of his ten minute cameo, a policy which continues to defy explanation. Pennant was once more the difference maker though, winning a free kick near the right hand touchline and delivering another pearler of a free kick into the box for Robert Huth to meet with an unstoppable header with 20 minutes remaining. The leveller was no more than we deserved despite the lack of quality on show. We even had the ball in the net again soon afterwards, but it was adjudged that Pennant’s cross had gone out of play beforehand.
We all thoroughly enjoyed them.
Foolish? Endlessly.
seven white candles
"TM 01 - Mega Punch
So, for those less plugged into the very fudgepipe of the zeitgeist, here's the DK breakdown of what digital advertising is all about.
1 bay leaf
But something was still missing as I attempted to settle in to my new life here, and I thought a dog couldn’t hurt. Give me someone to talk to. And I had just seen Reggie’s advertisement on the local news. The shelter said they had received numerous calls right after, but they said the people who had come down to see him just didn’t look like “Lab people,” whatever that meant. They must’ve thought I did.
Written, directed, photographed and produced by Aaron Schock, Circo exudes the kind of tenderness and authenticity that can only be a labor of love. Perhaps such attitude is required for a documentary filmmaker to successfully tell the stories of these subjects, a family of traveling circus performers in rural Mexico whose lives revolve around the act every minute of their day. Led by ringmaster Tino Ponce, Gran Mexico Circo, though it is not as grand as its name suggests, is a pride filled family business, which has been passed from one generation to the next in Mexico since the late 19th century. Tino’s children—all four of them still school age—practice and perform everyday, mastering acts of contortion and the tightrope, which their aunts and uncles had done before them. But times have changed. Financial problems and family tension is threatening the Ponce family tradition.
There it was: a housecoat. He had wanted one for such a long time now!
“Suddenly a great company of the heavenly host appeared with the angel, praising God and saying,
A few years later, we were thrilled to learn you were moving to our town, and we were so happy! After that, we spent more time together, including one visit on Thanksgiving. Our screen porch was a closed-in room by then, and you were our first Thanksgiving guests to eat with us there. I felt so pleased that you had been able to join us. The kids were so excited that night they had a hard time eating!
Some of what the former captives said was probably just ignorant speculation, but some rang true as a bell in a church tower. The picture of defeat and betrayal was becoming clear to the commander. Maybe the Rats had left a minimum contingent to defend their homeland and were preparing to launch an attack on us, the likes of which we could scarcely imagine. Maybe they had crossed Dead River and were already in Sector 127.
Pour: the beer has a clear, golden color and a fluffy white head that sticks around for quite a while. It looks like there's quite a bit of carbonation.
Personally, I would like to see Green Ronin put out something similar to an OGL allowing independent designers to create works outside of Green Ronin. Green Ronin is simply too small to produce everything the AGE system is capable of providing. I think the AGE system could be the next "big thing" but it will require Green Ronin to actively work toward this concept and open it up to the rpg community.
No matter where I am, healing is in Your hands
theatre using a nation’s own air
I HAVE managed to finish this GORGEOUS cubby or pigeon hole unit though & I just thought I'd take a moment to show you....I needed a large piece for the Extravaganza to display my smalls & I think this will do perfectly....!!
I resolved this with the use of a little black gaffers tape along the right side of the unit to keep the slight downward pressure on the lid to keep it from popping up that little amount that was triggering the “lid up” alarm.
Because once they stop working, we are dead.
“cut down on carbs” – as I eat a whole bag of doritos
Anyway....Im excited for tonight, Andrew and I love having a housefull and hosting people....I think it reminds us of home! So....I better go, and start cleaning up all my little messes :)
A year or so later I was stood in a church with 'Lando.
This is our weekend to shine.
I used Pion Design's new Forget Me Not Collection for this page. When I saw this paper I knew that this beautiful photo of my daughter would be a perfect fit for it! It seems they were made for one another, I love when paper and photo's work out in that way!
I don’t know how many times I have heard that line “One thing just led to another!” (Well Not to me but in general) Nothing Just happens, you knew exactly what you were doing; you were conscious of your actions but CHOSE to ignore the possible reactions to your actions…What really bothers me about this statement is not so much that the person hearing this can not piece together what then occurred but it almost gives an OUT to terrible decision making and choices that were made…
I only very recently stumbled upon this soulful singing sensation when I was listening to the Radio 1 Review Show which airs on Tuesdays. I don’t often listen to it, but I was listening to it on this particular occasion because a certain Mr. Ian Watkins from the band Lostprophets was on there. I didn’t know who any of the other guests that were on the show, but by the end of it, I had but one name cemented in my head: Lianne La Havas.
Fee: $15
Once again, why emphasize something that no one had problems with and was not necessary in the first place? Was there a movement in the Church to deny the aspect of the heavenly banquet foreshadowing in the Mass? Was this a crisis before the council? No. It is simply an excuse to introduce novelty in the Latin rite.
To be clear, none of this is to say that much of the emotion and solidarity was not genuine; most often, it was very much so. However, protests for Palestine or against Israel were also instances of populations of Arab countries projecting their own dissatisfaction in a politically “safe” way in light of the repressive nature of the regimes under which they lived.
Well, in wartime soldiers often threw messages in bottles off the transport ships as they were steaming away from home as a last communication to their family or country.
"Since the movie was released, the popularity of the books has dramatically increased and we have seen tens of thousands of these books walk out the door. We are committed to providing our customers with the highly desirable trilogy and strongly believe that no reader should wait months for their next The Hunger Games fix!"
noticed his first name was Sé, pronounced Shay in Gaelic, meaning raven. An
Off to the gym for me now! Have a healthy weekend!
And I don’t understand what is this video about. I like Davichi so I tend to watch the MV, but what did I get? An absurd MV about absurd situation between woman and men, and absurd hairstyle.
so instead i made the sunnies case extra deep so your sunnies won't slip out!
Before deciding to buy a fly fishing rod, you should think about do you like fishing in high seas or in the sea? In lakes or ponds, this will largely determine the goals you want to provoke what kind of fish. Certainly have to be adjusted between rods would you buy with the location or your favorite fishing spot. If you want to deep-sea fishing of course you need a strong rod, fish such as tuna, barracuda or shark is much stronger and heavier than freshwater fish. Winston fly rods from the rod seemed suitable for you who want to fish in saltwater.
Requirements: CHA 15, DEX 14, STR 9, INT 12
“Some of the local restaurants, pizza joints…they really see a difference when the teams come,” Meade said. “They’re all going to go back to their hotels and a lot of them are going to order pizza or go out to dinner.
The smoke and mirrors were gone. It felt like we were being tested, looked at under a microscope and now I question, is this the place for us? There are bi laws of being a member that I question and can't seem to get past.
This was the view out my north kitchen window after milking time tonight...
halfway through....
Further on, another elephant in the shade used the rough bark of a tall acacia tree to scratch every part of his mud caked body. He manouvered around slowly, enjoying the feeling, and leaving a fresh coat of mud on the trunk of the tree. He had all the time in the world - there was no need to rush.
One missionary, thinking that death has got to be the worst choice, asks for Moobli. The Chief raises his hand and the tribal members untie the missionary from the post and proceed to beat him, strip him of his clothes, yell insults at him, urinate and defecate on him, make him run through a double line of the tribe’s children who pelt him with stones and finally they leave him sobbing in a pile of garbage. He is shattered, a broken man, and goes insane.
This would be perfect to slide under a small desk. I have a little desk and now that I see how nice this turned out I’ve decided to crackle it in reverse. Can’t wait to work on it.
But when I come out from behind the camera, totally nude, and start sucking his cock, his look changes to satisfaction, and I wonder just who was playing whom. But I don’t care.
participation is relative
And, I have to apologize for the poor quality of my pictures . . . as I'm rearranging, painting and cleaning my scraproom, I'll need to create a photobox to take pictures in so my backgrounds are nicer . . . oh well, hope you can see past the terrible photos and can enjoy some of my creations.
I quickly typed a new email telling the man I didn’t know what I wanted.
A The pineapple would have won the race.
“Eh?” she grunted.
This is from a powerpoint presentation – fairly self-explanatory but if anything is not clear, please ask. It includes a diagram of how mindfulness can help cope with unwanted or distressing thoughts, memories or voices.
My parents drove me down the south coast of NSW from Sydney to Wonoona. I waved them goodbye and wondered what was in store for me.
can of corn, drained
in every way
Depending on the time of the year, your wardrobe could consist of winter clothes or fall clothes. The mountains are able to make a beautiful environment for a winter season wedding and you are able to have a theme marriage ceremony in an area like this that all your buddies and family members are able to take a trip too. You might have a ceremony over looking the gullies or overlooking the valley below. You could have wildflowers as a bouquet to represent the wilderness and an outfit construct from chiffon by having a light print pattern.
Currently on my mind: Jeeps! I always used to go on 'gas guzzling' tirades when I was younger and still don't dig the idea of wasting vast amounts of petrol for the purpose of car vanity but all of a sudden I really rather like jeeps. It's a combination of seeing nice battered black Wranglers zipping around Amherst driven by men with sheepskin denim jackets and nice dogs, watching The Descendants and that photography of girl crush Lulu Kennedy sitting on her own jeep.
Back in the day, long ago when the world was younger and I was a girl, I studied Philosophy and Theology because for me the most interesting thing about the world is that it is perceived so differently by different people. What fascinates me most in writing history, or indeed fantasy, is trying to make those other views clear. I am unlikely to notice the wrong kind of buttons on a waistcoat, the wrong colour wallpaper on a wall, or even the wrong technology in an artefact but I do tend to notice the wrong kind of attitude or belief system in a novel or a drama.
Godin is spot-on when he writes, “No, they won’t respond to a better-than-them pitch. Instead, they’re much more likely to respond to a new statement of their problem and a new statement of the solution. Don’t ask them to announce that they were wrong when they decided that they didn’t need a tablet, a survival kit or an anti-impotence drug. Instead, make it easy for them to make a new decision based on new information.”
This is a problem for me, because I've spent the last ten years working towards very clear standards of 'good enough' and perfected the art of doing exactly what's needed and no more. Since I was 15 and facing the first round of nationally-standardised exams (GCSEs), I've done my best to keep my work rate to the minimum necessary. For my first semester of university, I did all of my 10,000 words of coursework in 4 days. In the second semester of second year, I spent the exam period churning out 8 pages of webcomic a week. I spent my final year of undergrad mastering Guitar Hero. I wrote my MA thesis in 6 weeks flat.
strewth! I just got slapped with a wet salmon – really – I have not updated this since you last visited… You would not believe how terribly tardy the Victorian internet can be. I prostrate myself in sorrow and beg thy forgiveness..
For my book, I put together a spreadsheet to track my photos. Originally intended to pair raw with edited photos in case I needed to make further edits, the spreadsheet also became useful in page layout - helping me keep track of my required dimensions when searching for just the right photo. While it's not necessary for smaller projects, it was a huge time saver during the later stages of the book production as I worked to massage the page layouts into shape.
The millionaires who stayed behind in America were reduced to buying their food in underground co-ops at 3 times the price of commercial food stores. The wealthy had their food tested for radiation. Customers who took their own Geiger counters to supermarkets to test the food were arrested.
God has put us together in a special way that we may learn from each other, and for that I am grateful.
like sentries of the mountain
We trekked back to the hotel and caught a cab to the Anchor Brewery. I'd never had a chance to tour the brewery, and this was a signal moment for me.
THE SONG OF WANDERING AENGUS
2. Encourage your students to get involved in the following ways:
She had performed in royal courts around the world and in this very room before two sitting presidents. It was not the dignitaries and other guests of the President assembled before her, not the white-knuckle jitters that still plagued her no matter how often she performed, not the powerful scherzo she would soon unleash onto the keyboard. What had stricken her just moments earlier was a face in the second row, the same face she’d seen burn with rage that night in the alley. What was he doing in this place?
He talked about himself. A lot. Way more than I talked of myself. It could have been nerves, but…. seriously. He barely asked any questions of me, so either he asked our common friends about me or he was nervous and just kept talking.
It’s supposed to be like this for the next few days and Monday we’re supposed to have a mixture of snow and rain. Stupid mountains affecting the weather here. I thought I had escaped from the snow and gloomy days of winter.
Rule 71 – A recognised football body, club, official, Team Official, other member of Team Staff, player or other person under the jurisdiction of the Scottish FA shall, at all times, act in the best interests of Association Football and shall not act in any manner which is improper.
6 potatoes
But we must return to the luncheon, mustn’t we? Back to the restaurant. Cross 125th again, and mind your manners. You mustn’t be distracted by scenes from movies, like that powerful scene in Spike Lee’s Malcolm X. Forget about Malcolm and his followers, triumphantly marching from the police station to the hospital after Malcolm secured the release of Brother Johnson Hinton. Forget it was filmed on West 125th Street – right by the Apollo Theater! Apollo Theater, 253 West 125th Street, Malcolm’s frequent podium. The site of so much historical ‘family’ achievment for Obama. Apollo Theater – purchased after Malcolm’s death and revitalized by Malcolm’s loyal lawyer, Percy Sutton.
This wasn't a very good weekend.
AMcCC: Absolutely. Self-publishing in print is something else entirely. First of all there's the cost, but more than that, as you know, anything with an ISBN has to be lodged with the Legal Deposit Libraries. It goes into the national archives, if that doesn't sound too grand - but that's what happens. Which comes back to this thing about reputation - your own. It really is sticking your neck out time, putting your head on the block. I'm all for it. But the problem with self-publishing is distribution.
Tee lets her in, and she just plops her ass right on the sofa. MJ and I both have our laptops open, working (which is, you know, how we keep the lights on and shit, but who gives a fuck, right?) but she doesn't even ask if we're working because nothing short of me actually throwing her out the door was going to get her to move. She chats for a few minutes, asks me about my foot, and then says she just wanted to "put it in our ear" that there were bedbugs and lice in the building. She skirted my questions about who in the building had them, but I'm pretty sure that the bedbugs are in the unit where her "friend" lives, and that the lice are on her grandchildren. I came to that conclusion, because the only person she annoys besides us is that one "friend", and she seems to think that "black children can't get lice".....I'm not too sure about that, but those children are mixed, and I don't know if that makes a difference, but they're the only children in the building either way, so this leads me to believe they are the ones with bedbugs, if they aren't the ones with lice. Patty made comments about going home to wash her hair with lice shampoo, and I asked her "Do YOU have lice Patty?" She seemed kind of upset about that and said no, she didn't. And then got up to leave, after not saying anything for a few minutes.Who the fuck thinks they have lice and then goes into someone else's house and sits on their furniture? I was at a loss for fucking words. She was just going to treat her hair "just in case". Uh huh, right. What the fuck ever.
If I was a 26y.o guy I doubt I’d have much of a concern going home with a 20y.o chick (possibly that’s a gross stereotypical statement but this is my blog) and it bugs me that for some reason I feel like I shouldn’t do it.
she feels the eyes upon her
Hope this helps. Also, the visual for me regarding what is happening in the spine is that of a microscopic thread of pleasurable vibration that is being pulled through the spinal cord while the body naturally assumes certain “locks” or positions. This is a way of literally “following your bliss.”
Also, by midnight tonight, you must e-mail me a caption for the cartoon posted above. This is a required homework assignment. It’s OK if you cannot think of anything terribly funny. Just do your best.
Life feels meaningless..
I somewhat reluctantly followed everyone away from the astronomy attic and down into the basement, where Bowmore’s Brand Ambassador, Gordon Dundas, took us through a tasting of the spirit of the evening: Bowmore Darkest 15 Year Old, along with some Bowmore 12 Year Old, for comparison.
Mutabilis
I look forward to enjoying it every year.
The author plays with the idea of heritage and with the jarring meeting of magic and science as Maya finds out more of the secrets of the Cabinet. Along the way, Maya learns that her worries about school and not fitting in are far less important than saving herself and her brother from those who want to use the two children for their own ends. The fantasy plot includes a nice riff on the wonderful awfulness of family in our lives, along with our human tendencies towards both selfishness and selflessness.
I see that this pattern of being banished from various groups and people really needs to be looked at.
Mr Hutton was walking home to his home in Dudley with his partner and nine-year-old daughter after a shopping trip – and took exception to Hines looking at his partner’s bottom, judges were told. He collapsed after being punched and died later in hospital.
To borrow a line from Shakespeare, I come to bury global warming, not to praise it.
Mandatory: FOLLOW ME ON GFC and come back and comment that you follow me.
So a simple line of a conversation would be: Went West Ham last night, saw a bird with really big boobs......You massive twat.
I ran. I ran without knowing why I was running, what I was running from, or if I’d even make it. From facing my door, I took the hard left towards the stairs. Taking them almost three at a time, I was on the first floor faster than I knew I could be. It’s funny how fully you commit to something when you’re fearing for your life. I was going to make it. I’d run faster than I’d ever run before. If it came at me I’d dodge, I’d weave, I’d make it out. At least that’s what my adrenalin told me. I reached the first floor with the clap of my shoes echoing through the halls and was into a run before I even found my balance. I felt it on me. I was giving the chase my all and its breath was still on the back of my neck the entire time. Somehow I knew if I made it outside I’d be safe, I’d be somewhere it couldn’t follow, the anti-vampire.
1/2 tsp. cream of tarter
1 philosophical
After posting the story of Madeleine L'Engle's death, I got A Wrinkle in Time from the library and read it that same evening. But then I couldn't write the review. I guess I'm in mourning. This morning I decided I really MUST do this so I can move on to the other books I should have already reviewed. Okay, so I've gotten started, thanks to my handy-dandy book review outline.
The wife of one of Eddie’s cousins was also a singer with us. My mom made a comment to this woman about how she wanted to stay out of the way so that I could talk to those boys and she then proceeded to mention that I had a crush on Eddie. The woman couldn’t believe it. She told my mother that they had all asked Eddie what he thought about me and he had said that I was cute, but that I would never go for a guy like him. When my mom told me of this conversation later on it was all I needed to hear. I had my courage.
* These people were largely wiped out by a self-inflicted cataclysm caused by nuclear war between rival colonies;
Next up is your pelvic floor. If it isn’t strong, chances are, you’ll wee yourself the first time you go out for a run, and do yourself some everlasting damage. Not an attractive look, or indeed a sensible idea. If you’re having to wear, or even contemplating wearing an incontinence pad, ladies: “Houston, we have a problem!”.
After which they did some work studying light and the properties of light, including reflection and the colour spectrum. This was because Joe wanted to know exactly how a TV works, well a cathode ray TV (we don't have a posh new one yet, the old one works just fine!). Oh and we also found some time for a bit of this
Are you a man or a woman who has a heart for God, or are you frantically chasing broken dreams and worldly desires? If your testimony is one of rushing and running, then it is time for you to stop and let go. Allow God to give you a cool drink of His eternal water. Then your heart will know peace.
Belgian Trappist (Chimay red or blue, et al) ... dark, bottle conditioned, vinous, complex malt.
Tempted and tried
My name is Evie Preston and I hang out with dead rock stars. Oh, and the occasional dead movie star or two. I know, weird, huh? Trust me, I think so, too. I've actually came home to witness Janis Joplin strumming her guitar and singing along with Bob Marley. And that is only the beginning of what happened that night! I’ve learned quite a bit about those who live on the other side over the past few months. For instance, they aren’t all ghostly and transparent-like. Oh no. The ones I see tend to be in full-color 3-D except for when they exert, ah…certain energies. Then they go a bit hazy. I will get to that. And they prefer to be called spirits.
Here we go people. To lie or not to lie? I have been told that the tooth fairy, Easter bunny, and Santa are not real. That they are a lie. I don't buy it. They still feel real to me. Of course - my Mom and Dad both still believe so how am I supposed to know the difference? On his last visit my dad slipped his own dental plate under his pillow in an attempt to rake in a few bucks over night.
“And if the spider were poisonous, I could die. If I really believed in my path-I believed in a life after death, and reincarnation-it would not be the end of “me,” just the end of my middle self, my ego. My spirit would continue, and that is what is important.” p163 The Temple of Shamanic Witchcraft
Remarkably, Dudgeon does not seem to blame Barrie for the falling in battle during the First World War of his favourite Llewellyn-Davies brother, George, nor for the demise of his producer Charles Frohman who was on his way back to England at Barrie's request on the Lusitania which was torpedoed by the Germans.
I Love E!'s "Talk Soup" a.k.a. "The Soup"! I've missed it since we got rid of cable television almost 2 years ago. But, I get my Joel McHale fix in "Community" via Hulu! I think Joel McHale is a cutie! I don't care if he has had hair plugs - I think he's just a big 6'4" cutie-pie!
Glee and Treme.
Now by parts add the dry mixture into the we mixture and gently fold them until well combined. Pour the cake batter in greased 9 inch cake tin. Bake at 170 C for about 20 - 25 minutes. When inserted toothpick comes out clean leave the cake to cool and cute in to small 2.3 inch (or desired size) disc using a cookie cutter. I had 8 uniform discs
The sea is calm to-night.
Mon, 5pm: Incredulous. Here’s to a less erratic week.
Here is the real shocker—your pet’s food is made up of ingredients that make me want to lose my lunch! The ingredients found in commercial pet foods are the ones that are not fit for human consumption.
So if you haven’t heard yet, basketball is back ladies and gentleman. This week preseason games begin around the NBA and the Sixers kick things off Friday against the Washington Wizards down in our nation’s capitol. With the abbreviated offseason and the hurried training camps it will be quite intriguing to see how teams start off the season. There are a number of franchises that have to go through a lot of changes just to field a roster. Other teams are frantically looking to acquire top-notch talent such as Chris Paul and Dwight Howard.
But alas, last week I came home to that oh-so-familiar aroma floating from under our neighbor's apartment door and that nasty little tease stirred up all those cravings inside of me. Luckily, a little digging led me to this lovely rendition.
Photo by: Donald E. Jocelyn - Richard E. Cox Enterprises.
Khader Adnan, as an Islamic Jihad leader, has accountability for his association and leadership in that major terror organization.
Now for something else unlikely, an Englishman with soul…
Irene therefore only agreed to provide information pertaining to corruption and migration, and not to participation in the next two stages. After consultations with his superiors, the Senior MACC officer proceeded to obtain that information from Irene.
JR: What advice would give grade 11 students to get through their senior year?
Earlier this year My Aunt and I went to Africa. Met a wonderful woman named Mrs Francois.
And may at any time and in a like manner transfer such lands from one class to another, for the purposes of their administration and disposition.
Honestly every time I see Solange Knowles these days she’s rockin some awesome outfit and got the natural ‘fro going. This year is totally Solange’s year! I’m calling it!
Can you imagine PKD's mood upon reading that letter? After he read it, he asked McNelly to have Linda pick him up at the airport (natch). He later described Linda waiting for him at the terminal in LAX as 'destiny in a mini-skirt.'
At this point in time – now
And told me how different
What did you think of this episode? Do you think it handled Karofsky’s plight well? Were you creeped out that Sue is with child? Do you think Quinn is dead (so that Agron can move on to better things)? Give me your TwoCents below or over on Twitter!
Assorted random stuff like new switch plate covers, small trim moulding, etc: $15
Wohlstetter’s answer to this holocaust was to start thinking about how a country might actually wage a nuclear war. He is credited with coming up with a number of concepts, all now accepted U.S. military doctrine. One is “second-strike capability,” meaning a capacity to retaliate even after a nuclear attack, which is considered the ultimate deterrent against an enemy nation launching a first-strike. Another is “fail-safe procedures,” or the ability to recall nuclear bombers after they have been dispatched on their missions, thereby providing some protection against accidental war. Wohlstetter also championed the idea that all retaliatory bombers should be based in the continental United States and able to carry out their missions via aerial refueling, although he did not advocate closing overseas military bases or shrinking the perimeters of the American empire. To do so, he contended, would be to abandon territory and countries to Soviet expansionism.
For the past 3 weeks I've been working an average of 11 hours per week. This work schedule isn't too much different from when I was an assistant, which in other words means that I have too much free time and not enough things to do to keep me occupied . Ok it's nice that I got to spend time with Christophe who was on vacation for the past two weeks and to spend time with the puppy instead of leaving him alone for a few hours at a time. But this is getting ridiculous. I'm waiting on a few classes to start but until then, I'll be twiddling my thumbs, watching the same music videos on Virigin 17 again and again and glancing outside to see how crappy the weather is. The weekend I've been keeping busy and taking the puppy out for long walks and seeing friends. Yesterday we finally had a sunny, cool day in Besançon. Naturally everyone went outside to take the weekly "promenade de dimanche". I wish I just had some large amount of money set aside so that I could go away for a week to Florida or some other warm destination. I hate this weather. I don't know if I can live my whole life in this kind of climate. A tropical island might be my destiny.
The british car industry was heading toward the perfect consumer car, one which crumbled half an hour after the warranty ended. Thereby prompting you to go out and buy a fresh one.
Don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need, and thank him for all he has done. Then you will experience God’s peace, which exceeds anything we can understand. His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus.
Not many know that he has a hidden skill; he is very good at drawing. The style of drawing Harrington likes to do is more of a realistic style, such as sketches of nature and animals. While others usually do stick figures or graffiti – Harrington thinks a realistic approach is better.
Apparently Mr Harris advertised widely, or he copied a widely used format. More or less the same text, with some minor variations, appears in Mayhew's London Life and the London Poor of the mid 19th century (scroll down to the last quarter of the page or do a search for "slap up" on that page to find the passage), and in the New York Herald in 1888, which suggests that this tailor/outfitter was so familiar with the London criminal underworld that his handbill "appeals to the thieves, burglars and outcasts from society only."
- In Spanish, describing words like cold¨ must match the gender of the word they describe, which is why words like ¨frio¨ (masculine) might suddenly become ¨fria¨ (feminine) instead if it is describing a word that is feminine. There are no logical rules about which words are masculine or feminine, so you can´t tell just by looking at them.
Here is the artwork I made for Kris' birthday card. I'm not saying Kris is really old, but she is older than me, so that makes her old in my book (I used to be the youngest one around here at the Copic office, but it's been a few years since I could still make that claim).
As you have probably guessed from previous posts - I love to read! So I have been reading my way through my bookshelf. I didn't want to bore you with too many book reviews so they will come one at a time later on.
..these had better be the best tasting potatoes on Earth!
What: Fall Open House and release of (512) THREE. See below for tons of details.
She peered at me as though unconvinced
You can fill the need for it with friends and family and work and fun but still the desire to connect with that special person who gets you on every level is intense. It is certainly possible to live a completely fulfilled life without it. I've known many happy single people who aren't looking for it. That's not what I'm saying.
“The charges against the four men represent some of the most significant allegations of domestic terrorism in some time, and come months into a new presidential administration, as President Obama grapples with the question of how to handle detainees at the Guantánamo Bay camp in Cuba.” NYT said.
I was looking for an interesting leaf in the garden and came across this hosta leaf after the snails had enjoyed it during the summer. Above is a coloured photocopy - I love all the holes and made my version by layering a piece of fine Lutrador between two pieces of synthetic sheer fabric.
I can't do traditional recaps. It's just not my style. I will probably pick moments and talk about them. Because I do want to talk about the wedding. Yet until now I was still angry and sad. I am so happy to be married but sad our day was marred by such bad feeling and problems.
“Well thanks, then. Your name?” Diggs asked.
When George Younger first started brewing operations is also uncertain, although in the title deed detailing the purchase of this latter property from Robert Stein in 1764, he is there given the title of Brewer."
Authorities in the Dorchester County sheriff’s and solicitor’s offices asked to remain unidentified because the warrant had not been served. They said that McGrew planned to turn himself in and that they would not release more information until that happened.
The challenge of April showers/water related certainly inspired you all to create adorable creations! So hard to pick three, but here they are in no particular order:
I’m more upset (like everyone else) to see my Shepard’s love interest and presumably my squad member somehow back on the Normandy when they were both with Shepard in the final battle on Earth! Seriously, why is Kaidan on the ship with Joker and not with my Shepard? How the hell did Joker somehow manage to pick up my squad, but leave my Shepard behind? Why is Kaidan smiling as he assesses the new world? I can go on with the endless amount of questions the player is left with, but then I’d be venturing back into spoiler territory. It really is out of character to witness Joker chickening out in battle and leave, and find time to pick up my squad but not care about his commanding officer? That’s highly unlikely. And Kaidan? Come on! The guy literally told my Shepard how he can’t lose her again right before the final battle on Earth, and I believe not being at my Shepard’s side until the very end is very out of character for Kaidan. Unless Shepard at some point radioed Joker, told him to pick up Kaidan and Garrus because things are getting dangerous, and leave her behind. I could imagine Kaidan fighting Shepard on this but somehow manages to get Kaidan on the ship anyway. So if it were to play out like that, Kaidan emerging from the ship with a smile on his face hardly makes sense. The man would be wringing his hands in fear for the woman he left behind. He’d yell at Joker for leaving Shepard on Earth. Hell, the guy would tear up the rest of the crashed Normandy’s ship interior in rage for being on some random planet and not with the woman he loves. But smiling? Hell no. Kaidan would not be smiling at all. Unless I want to believe Kaidan went jerk on my Shepard in the last 10 to 15 minutes of the game, but I really doubt this is the case at all.
“In the digital era, we need to find a fair way to remunerate artists, musicians, authors and film-makers. This competition represents the personal perspectives from designers working in every part of Europe. Whether or not everyone agrees with the messages, I am confident they will play a valuable role in helping to stimulate the kind of constructive debate on this issue that we need in the EU".... The winning participants, divided into two categories – one for design students and one for professional designers, were awarded prizes of €8,000 (1st prize), €2,500 (2nd prize) and €1,500 (3rd prize).
To which I say, "If you want to be a gold digger, that's part of the deal."
Needless to say, nothing has come back, no phone call as promised, and when I called the store it was the same lady. She wrote it in her diary to call me but we haven't got to that page yet. If I really wanted to go ahead anyway I'd have to deal directly with head office. Call the number and press 6 when the options were being read out. I did this. There is no option 6 - it starts the options being read out again. Lied to - again! All the other options just ring and then ask you to leave a message.
Solidarity and good health
So afraid to break the spell
One little Excel cell at a time. One graph at a time. One Powerpoint slide at a time.
( I call it the white South African Martyr syndrome)
** denotes Randy Travis song
The top 125 chapters in the seven-state area that get the most votes will each receive a $1,500 credit line to buy FFA-related items and materials and use to cover costs associated with attending national FFA events.
Anyway, I was the female winner! WOO HOO!
Why naked?
So what is grace? Why did John Newton feel so compelled to write about God's amazing grace? Grace is God's love to the utterly undeserving. God's grace is a gift to us. It's not anything we can earn or work towards. That means we don't love people just because we are trying to get something from them or get something from God. That means we don't serve in the church because we think it will help us earn our way into heaven. Only God can save us, and the only way to receive His gracious gift of salvation is by faith in His Son, Jesus Christ. Christ paid the price for our sins through His substitutionary death on the Cross. Christ paid the price we deserve. In grace, God sees us where we are and gives us what we don't deserve.
I have joined the rest of the world and now have the Instagram app! Take a look. :)
Remove all those things you know you should not be having from your pantry and around the house. I don’t know about you, but if I know I have a bag of chips in the cupboard somewhere, I can always find a reason to eat it even if I am not hungry. This is especially true early on when you are starting a diet and your mind & body starts craving all kinds of things; it can be very challenging to say no. So I just remove the temptation to avoid being tempted in the first place. Think about which is easier: grabbing something from the cupboard or having to drive to your nearest store to get it?
I taught him to drop the ball by bonking him on the nose and saying, "Drop it!" It only took two or three bonks before he just automatically dropped the ball at my feet from then on, and his whole life he always dropped everything instantly upon command.
“Atos get millions to get it right. It’s about time they were made to compensate the taxpayer.” Atos are contracted to re-assess people claiming benefits. Heart attack victims are among those assessed as well enough to work.
As the pressure grew so did my defensiveness and I was like an alcoholic looking for a place to sneak a drink. Thank God for children, now I had an excuse for more TV time with Disney movies and Barney. I was prone to pine for "I Love Lucy" or "X-Files" but at least it was the wonderful noise that calmed my nerves.
I appreciated the randomness, and the acknowledgement of said randomness, but each individual part didn’t do much of note, not even Fred’s Ice-T, which was put to such sublime use in the Celebrity Teen Crisis Center sketch from last season. B-
The Kansas City Business Journal announced yesterday that Gordon Biersch has picked Kansas City as one of 17 markets that will receive their new limited edition beer, Imperial Pilsner Brau. The 'Braumeister Selekt' beer will be a 750 ml bottle that is sold in retail stores for $8.99.
You with a twist.
flour and butter in the mix with a hand up into small breadcrumps
Especially, at this time of day, but it is 11:15 in London - almost lunch time.
Tomatoes: Garden Freebie
Not even worth the screenshot. Just a normal potion store. And no, it’s not a potion store that sells potions for coins, it sells it for Mesos…
I felt the tears,
She made me see myself in a whole new light......
The 29th is a catch up day... every year I struggle with what to do! This year I had a plan but didn't get to it - in fact I fell behind. Which turned out to be good. Something happened on the thirtieth that I wanted to document, so I slipped the prompt of a year in review from the 30th back to the 29th.
“When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.”
do you think Dad will divorce you now, that you took us out when he didn’t want you to?” If I wasn’t driving, I would have wrapped him in my arms and kissed his fears away.
“It’s an old port from over a decade ago commonly used for printers,” I told him.
My refinement focused on the demon itself. Here is Pazuzu below,”on the road.”
Quality; Excellent
Good morning! Today I decided to make a card for this past Monday's clean & simple challenge on splitcoast stampers. The challenge was a zoo theme challenge and we were to create cards with animals on them. Well, I just love this monkey stamp set and I had to make a card with him.
8. Bliss No. 9 does loads of cosmetic/beauty reviews, which is my brain candy. Also, she does lots of drugstore brands which is great, cause I’m cheap.
Paula Gerber is a senior lecturer at Monash University Law School and a Deputy Director of the Castan Centre for Human Rights Law. On the Board of the Victorian Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commission, she is an expert on international human rights law, with a particular focus on same-sex families and children’s rights.
I also believe we had all the right ingredients for this project. The trust of a talented designer, a gorgeous product to inspire us and a dream come true for any designer – Carte Blanche.
He appears strong, invincible, and occasionally madcap to the outside world. However, as his mother I know he’s often wearing an invisible shield, the one with feigned self-confidence and bravado. He’s at that age, nearly eighteen, (it must be hormones) when I wish I knew what was going on in his head. I try to talk. Sometimes he doesn’t want to. Sometimes he can’t. Sometimes I can’t shut him up. Sometimes he hates the world. I try not to nag or push too much but I can’t win. I’m a mother, which means on occasions I’m his emotional punch bag. My love is unconditional. He knows that, and that I’ll always be here for him. He tells me he loves me several times every day so I’m luckier than many who have teenage sons.
“The industry is far too busy counting all this money to worry about ‘financially sustainability’. They couldn’t care less; their boots are full or soon will be.”
Oh I forgot to put the pen in the photo, but there is one. I didn't have any RSVP pens which would have been my first choice. Luckily, I did find a brand spanking new pack of black Bic pens in my stash.
And because we know RESEARCH is the key to finding a CURE, and research costs money, we have two fundraising events to promote. First, a reminder that our sweet Emily, a cancer warrior herself, is training for The Ultimate Hike in support of CureSearch and childhood cancer research. Go HERE to donate and tell her to walk on with her bad self. We love you, Em!
xiii) accordingly, it is important to bear in mind the relevance of open access models and knowledge sharing for the promotion of innovation and creativity, like free and open source software, as well as to safeguard the exceptions and limitations existing in domestic laws;
By the time I got home, it was after 1pm and I was pretty ready for lunch. I whipped up a batch of homemade hummus in the food processor (so quick) and enjoyed it along side some veggies, tuna, and some (unpictured) Greek yogurt. Tasty, quick, and simple. Just what I needed.
Hawkins shrugged. "Actually, Mr.-- ?"
Hing/Asafoetida - 2 or 3 pinch
Anyway...Dad also had some pants as pictured above. Leisure pants from the 70's. Groovy right? Mom didn't think so. She finally had enough of my dad wearing his vintage clothing and decided to make a run to our local Salvation Army.
I was not separate in The Three. It was happening TO ME, IN ME, BY ME.
Here is the picture of the bear, after assembly.
-cup of coffee
As of right now we still don't have power....or hot water. I learned that the hard way when I tried to have a shower after the gym yesterday. It was the absolute coldest shower I have ever had. Like jumping in a lake in March.
Shit just got real-er, folks. According to news sources, Yasushi Akimoto is getting into some SERIOUS BUSINESS about franchising the AKB48 concept on an international level. Reports say that the Big Wota and his people have been in talks with six countries, name-dropping China, Thailand, Singapore and Italy, which leaves us two others to guess. (Don’t quote me on my amazing psychic powers or anything, but I’m gonna say USA and Le France. Maybe substitute South Korea for one of those.)
Source: Jiddu Krishnamurti Fifth Talk in Bombay, 1965.
My answer: "the ridiculous nosebleeds while I was pregnant with quads!...blood everywhere! EEK!" (could have definitely used some OxiClean power!)
"The Wilson Nessie Photo: A Size Determination Based on Physical Principles" Paul H. LeBlond and Michael J. Collins, p. 55
“Don’t do that. Don’t do what every other writer does who doesn't know anything about Montana. Don’t become just another writer who insults us with their opinions of our way of life when they know nothing at all about living here or what it takes to survive here. I have been reading New Prairie Woman and enjoying it because it’s different and unique and because your story is fresh and interesting. Please, don’t trash Montana or insult its people in your book. There are many great restaurants here. Have you ever eaten at Ferraro’s in Bozeman? It’s as Italian as Italian can get. People work hard here; don’t ruin their reputations by writing about something you don’t know. Don’t do that. Don’t become just another ignorant source of bad information. Don’t backslide, get back on track and tell your story.”
The frame and border were cut on my Cricut machine and the bird is a Marianne die cut. I distressed my paper edges and I layered the frame with foam pads to give it some lift. I made the flower myself by gathering some lace into a circle for the outer layer. The second layer is cut from a small scalloped die and I added a button to the centre tied with some twine.
I mentioned a few posts a go, that I was doing an online course called 'The Art of Abstraction' by Alisa Burke - I have to admit ,what Ive done isn't exactly what she's teaching (only saying, in case you are tempted to do the course by seeing what Ive done,you might be a little disappointed by what Ive created and what is taught...BTW the course is fab and its inspired me greatly) but I've taken the idea of making abstract characters and I've done it my way (obviously without the course,I wouldn't have got to this point).
Shepherd's Bush is quite easy to get to. Shepherd's Bush itself on the Central line (oh and the train if you're coming from Clapham Junction or from the north) and closer to the pub (almost!) there is Shepherd's Bush Market which is on the Hammersmith and City line.
Our bookcase project meant that I had to whip out the wallpaper again. Because I can't leave well enough alone. And I didn't want it too be too much white. Or too simple. I wanted texture and interest. And I found this print which matched the wrapping paper I used under our console table, almost to a perfect T!
The accounting department is the back office heart of a business. It takes in information from throughout the company and uses it to bring in cash from customers and pay out cash to suppliers and employees. Though it is an essential organ of a business, it tends to attract little notice from an operational perspective.
I try to spend time creating lists of the new songs I have downloaded (cleverly marking them NEWBIES), only to find that I have dragged and dropped the ENTIRE album I downloaded. Now don’t get me wrong, I WANTED the whole album when I bought it, but I only want the song I WANT in my newbie list. So there I am stranded half way around the world with just my iPod but no iTunes in which to FIX IT. So I must fast forward through song after song looking for the CLUMP of single songs I really wanted. Of course I have tried to create playlists, cleverly title 1Drive, 2Work, 3Sleep, and a few other randomly created ones like RFKC, Dance Mix, Sweet List, Top 100, etc etc. But those always seem to inspire the same reaction: “But I’m bored with those…” Anyone else have a brain that can pull off that whiney Jr. Higher voice at a moment’s notice? So I SUFFER through until such time as I return home and address my iTunes SITUATION. But that can wait til my next trip–Wait a minute I’m leaving on Sunday again, Ahhhhh Crap.
CASTLE is another show that’s not a slam dunk but should squeak by. Hey, the CASTLE books are better than the CASTE show anyway.
Anyway, I think I should stop rambling and just let the photos speak for itself. Here’s a couple to start you off with:
Vuillard is best known for the paintings and prints he did in the last decade of the 1800s when he was part of an avant-garde group of artists known as the Nabis, which means prophets in Hebrew or the enlightened in Arabic.
Peace, that feeling of pure calm bliss. We all want it. When I was younger I loved the old gospel hymn “Peace in the Valley.” I still like it however, I’ve decided I’m not going to wait until I cross to the spirit world to enjoy peace. So, how will the Law of Attraction help us find more peace?
2 interaction
This is the last week of school and things have been quite busy. I'm hoping that after this week, I can dedicate more time to a more detailed project. But for time, Easy Things are the catch-phrase of the day!!!
After an hour of naked X-rays, I finally made my way to the physical therapist to check my range of motion. I walked into her office and she shut the door.
Our coverage has sparked a huge nationwide debate, with critics rubbishing the EDL as racist thugs and supporters claiming they are raising legitimate concerns among British people.
And it’s five minutes to twelve.
“Yeah, but I came up with other excuses,” he said. “I once got my sister to write me a letter saying the dog had died. That worked like a charm.”
"3. Freedom from Discrimination: all citizens are equally protected by secular law"
The next small victory came when I entered the Black Dog Institute’s Writing Competition in 2010 which focused on depression in the elderly. I submitted a piece about the difficulties my parents faced during their illnesses. This was the first competition I entered and I was astonished when my entry was Highly Commended. I proudly display the certificate in our office. Allen & Unwin recently published a book ‘Managing Depression Growing Older’ based on the Institute’s research and the stories we shared in this competition.
3) #16 UCLA Bruins (Pac12) @ #9 Georgia Bulldogs (SEC), Friday-Sunday Athens, GA
Today many of the stones have been carted away and recycled into other buildings, but the wall is still there for people to explore and walk along, although this is discouraged.
Before I do a Full Kitchen Reveal.
You can learn more about The Protestant Reformation here:
This is not true. Introverts just don’t talk unless they have something to say. They hate small talk. Get an introvert talking about something they are interested in, and they won’t shut up for days.
However I procrastinated creatively for once and started watching the videos and collaging and painting my canvas. I was supposed to be using canvas paper but I didn't have any so used canvas on a roll.
But in fact he had been involved in events of national importance earlier in his life, when he was postmaster in Bath. He could even have been said to have helped shape British history.
I think in my title I may have got the a & r the wrong way round in the last word?
Thrust levers to idle (quickly); start mashing the right rudder pedal and don't be wimpy about it. Joystick left a bit; easy does it. Don't raise the spoilers with aileron deflection... Time it just right and...
Level of Obsession: My friends and I watched about 10 or so hours of 90210 a week in college. I may have “borrowed” the Rolling Stone 90210 cover story from a library and “forgotten” to return it (which is horrible, I know. I’m hanging my head in shame. This is what we resorted to before the internet people!)
Anytime you need an extra hour
Well the day after I added Anthony he accepted and sent me a message about thanks for the add, blah blah blah. So we talked back and forth over Myspace and it wasn't anything special, but for some reason I was hooked. I would check my phone for updates and write back instantly. Eventually we traded numbers and would text. He happened to be working Mids (11pm-6am) so we could chat while I was at work or home.
Here is how I made the "cough" something the children could see and feel:
Photography is art! Your eyes, your way of seeing life, to share it with others, whether they like it or not. It’s like a painting without the paint brushes. In today’s world with all the social media, people are able to enjoy and share their best and not-so-good moments through pictures.
The past five years have been an interesting journey for me. Ill health has plagued me to the point where my life-force was, for several months, down to about 15% and occasions, much less. The experience has brought many interesting insights and lessons with it – and one which has struck me particularly in the last few days is the business of learning and unlearning.
Holder and Linden were working back together again. I’m not sure why she had a go at him over the picture that framed the politician, and him trusting it. He was trusting another cop. Why would he suspect at that point, that another cop was dodgy? Anyway, that aside they seemed to be finally making some progress and piecing the Russian mafia link, guy with the tattoo together.
Please, good missus, a soul cake,
G: It’s clear in the film that people saw Henry as an odd character who kept himself very private.
The print hangs in the large dining-room (the old "cottage"), along with about twenty prints from the same series...all depicting the various follies, eccentricities, and vanities of the haute bourgoisie (the bibliophile, the gourmande, the obese and inept "sportsman",the woman obsessed with shoes or hats, etcetera). they're all quite funny and, for the most part, not in the LEAST outdated in terms of social criticism. La plus ca change?....
It's about how fans are interacting with your page.
Besides food would have to be cheap and Chinese places like these hard to find around the towers.
“Infinite Love Without Fulfillment” opens Visions and packs a wallop with weaving witch house and electropop sounds mashed up. From the beginning, listeners are pleasantly exposed to Grimes’ vocal experimentation with her infectious melodies.
7. I use expressive words that may or may not be offensive.
i knew it was over
Absolutely, everyone demand any mobile to help contact anybody or perhaps to distribute a message. Some phone is without a doubt probably the perfect approach to express having anyone however , sms is going to be any substitute towards pass on a similar communication when we could not speak. At times, the idea may possibly turn out to be simply because sending a good sms will be much less expensive than just a simply call. For that reason, men and women favor to help you post a content material instead of developing some speak to.
MoonSet
That day when Jillian spotted them from the second floor balcony off their bedroom, she had watched for a little longer than she’d care to admit. Maybe that was because all her erotic romance writing had left her desensitized to sex, at least a little. At first it didn’t seem real; it was as if she was visualizing a scene for a book she was working
D.H: Break! I liked the Hyundai commercial, with the Rocky theme song. Clever.
In other words, I urge you to interact, care & act.
The new Nets logo is an (arguably) competent facsimile of a classic design, and reflects something the owners and fans probably wish were so: that theirs is a team with a history and a backstory that doesn't involve a few decades in the suburbs.
her for the coffee too.
Here a a couple more that I did recently. Both of these are pictures of the display at the Nature Conservatory at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas during Dec 2010. Unfortunately, the display was just getting started when we visited in 2011.
Extending and renovating our house wasn’t Dad’s only side project. I remember helping him sell these plastic birds he was obsessed with. The birds wound up in the back with some sort of crank and then you let them go and they would fly. Dad bought cases of them. We went and tried to sell them together at a flea market. As I recall, I don’t think we sold too many. I’m guessing because remote control, toy airplanes were out at that point and also, who the hell wants to play with a plastic bird when Atari is the newest and latest thing?
opportunistic – anything weak and juicy.
Here is my evaluation summary:
Late, the silent moonstrings thrum
you give all of yourself – this you can hardly deny. And this love will lead you to your death, for it gives no signs of diminishing or cooling.
After going home and resting I went to Juan Lencina's Saturday night Milonga at La Nacional and had fun dancing with a few of my regular partners.
My wife talked to her Mom on Sunday and she sounds a whole lot better now that she did a few months ago. She will never be 100% but my wife says she is 1000% better then before. My Dad has sent me an update on my Uncle. He too is doing much better. He had to have a pacemaker installed to keep him alive. We still have not been able to find a Urologist from my wife that will take Medicaid. They will pay for an E.R. visit but not to see a Urologist. Go figure, So we have made a choice, when she gets in too much pain, we will just go back to the E.R. Another reason to move back home.
Ruhezeit is actually a nice concept for people who don’t want every evening of their lives filled with incessant hammering, drilling or loud music. But it can be a little challenging to work around when you’ve just moved in and need to drill into the ceiling to install those 10 lamps as mentioned above.
*G-20 SEES ‘FINANCIAL SYSTEM FRAGILITY’
No – it’s probably not right to try to knock a player out of a game for money, but try to tell me that defensive players don’t try to knock out key players anyhow. Not only that, they get rewarded by media and fans on highlight reels and Top 10 plays. A middle linebacker leveling a receiver could be the main talk around the water cooler the next day.
Although not a hit, the Hugh Prestwood-penned “Back When” was an excellent song, yet another nostalgic look back, but this time at a relationship that is struggling. I’m not sure that the song ever would have been a huge hit, but it likely would have been a top twenty record had it been released a few years earlier. Tempo of the song would be described as medium fast and a banjo is discernable along with outstanding fiddle and steel guitar.
Yeah you read that right. At 3 in the morning my cousin messages me telling me i am lucky to have such a wonderful guy and i shouldnt assume crap and yadi-yadi-yada. Seriously?! My cousin takes my boyfriends side over mine? Who cares if i was wrong or right. Some family support would have helped ya know. But no, here i am trying to figure out how to approach this situation and BAM! Everyone turns against me. I dont know what is going on but i just couldnt believe it. I mean who does that? Obviously the new friendship code has a label at the bottom in font 3 print saying “Unless you state every option and/or route.Anything can be said that you did not restrict. Have a nice day.” I mean come on…why does everyone tell you that.
“I have talked to my lawyers. They are not persuaded that that is a winning argument. So, the challenge for me is to make sure that we do not default, but to do so in a way that is as balanced as possible and gets us at least a down payment on solving this problem.” President Obama said in response to a question about the Constitutional argument at a townhall at the University of Maryland.
1 tablespoon cold butter, cut into pieces
My guardian angel,
why in the world am i pricking my own heart strings for anyway… no one really offers to help in deed BUT THEY DO IN WORDS ONLY! GO FIGURE…… that’s life and that’s also people!
N: On the contrary sir, those are the debates that matter in the weeks preceding the vote. Today, only turnout matters. We want our voters to show up and we want the Chuwi (Simba’s main opponent) supporters to stay at home.
I remember the last time I was here with my family. We visited my uncle who lives here with his Djelian wife. I don’t really remember much. There was a large courtyard around which the house was built. My aunt was a busy woman. Four sons. It was important how many sons one had. My father never had a son and I think that added to his loathing of my mother.
At the end of her set, Tim joined her onstage for one of their duets, and as she was leaving he told us we'd all just heard the best singer in the world, his wife. And it's probably a rehearsed line that he'll say at every concert, and a lot of people won't agree, but it was still really sweet.
Wells Fargo’s “comprehensive commitment to investing in environmental solutions for stronger communities” is focused on these areas:
And he brought up a very good point. He said usually we can discuss things because it's not like we're doing it every day and it's much easier for things to "happen" when it's not an everyday occurence. YOU KNOW?
In Cell Garad - great the evil!
Deep rich, golden colour.
Sometimes, when my heart is filled up with plenty–plenty of activities; plenty of dreams; plenty of goals to achieve–I give God the crumbs.
I have to tell you the truth i didnt get jealous because i liked him i got jealous and angry because i thought he was a friend he really did feel something for me not just THE SOMETHING HE COULDNT HAVE!!
1 etymons
I usually serve this with a side salad and garlic bread.
“ Well, nevermind. I’m used to that. It was the loveliest night of my life. My husband died not long after that in a car wreck. He was always hurrying everywhere he went. He was such a handsome man.”
What else? Oh, nutritional yeast. Nutritional yeast is the only thing that isn’t cheese that tastes cheesy. It’s a miracle. If you’re really curious, click here.
and move around. But when I woke early this morning
Can never be what’s needed,
The kitchen had a big open fire, that heated the boiler. It was nice to sit on the warm lid of the boiler and stir the porridge, cooking in a pot suspended from a big chain. They had cows, so they made their own butter - Wilma learned to make it in a glass churn, but sometimes her father yoked the horse up to a horse-churn, which wasn't such hard work, though it must have needed the watchful eye of the housewife to make sure the butter came right.
Fiona Hoban
The governor asked for the last coordinates reported by the commandos. The commander nodded to his assistant, who pointed to their last known location on the wall map. The commander read the coordinates off the map to the governor. The governor said he’d let them know as soon as his balloon scouts got back.
SOURCE MATERIAL
After an hour has passed, you drain the mushrooms and use paper towels to remove the excess marinade. Then you add more Cajun seasoning on both sides of the fillets, and cook them in a single layer. (You’re supposed to use a cast-iron skillet, but I don’t have that. And yet, the portobellos turned out just fine…)
Putting aside the overblown narrative of the record, setting aside its indefensibly bloated length, and you'd have a truly amazing record. With them (although I'm not convinced having an incoherent narrative is actually a point against it), and you have a great album that features some of the best guitar lines in the history of rock. "Ten Speed (Of God's Blood and Burial)" (which I guess is about a delusional conversation with a ten-speed bike? Man, some of the songs on this record push ridiculous to new heights) has, by any conceivable measure, one of the great guitar solos. "The Suffering" continues the grand tradition begun in "Junesong Provision;" that is, mixing pop song structure with guitar-based riffing. The multi-part song expands to four sections, and starts to drag on a bit as it goes on, and it's also the first Coheed record with a Parental Advisory sticker, which isn't a bad thing so much as it's jarring, like hearing your mother say "fuck."
They seem to tell a story of their own.
There are a lot of reasons why we haven't been able to take trips or get-aways or plan other vacations. Having Tommy and then changes with work and not working and working again have made it hard. But really, there is one big reason.
If even Burma and Malawi have permitted election observers, why is it that Malaysia refuses along with a whole lot of other basic measures to prevent election rigging?
Languages are like some large four-faced monster. Languages can basically be divided into four separate skills: speaking, listening, reading, and writing. Proficiency in one skill does not mean you are as proficient in another. In other words, just because you can understand Shakespeare, doesn’t mean you can write like Shakespeare. Nor can you speak like Shakespeare just because you can understand it. Does one skill help another, yes of course it does. Think of it this way, does doing sit ups help your ability to do push ups? Yes, but maybe not as much as bench pressing would. What I am trying to say is that one needs to have a plan of attack so that you build all of your skills and not just one.
2) No, because...
www.kidpower.org
Ha ha, the menu only calls it "Dark Beer"
Some of you might be asking, “Who is this guy?“
Shortridge-McCauley LA. Reproductive hazards: An overview of exposures to health care workers. Am Assoc Occup Health Nurses 1995; 43: 614-621.
Thirdly, our relationship to Christ has purpose. We are not His merely to belong. We are His so that we can love others and in doing so we reflect Christ's love for mankind. The Bible says that unbelievers will recognize believers by the love we have for our fellow believers. We are not in relationship with Christ just so we can be loved. We are grafted into Him so we will be like Him and love others with the same love He has for us. All I can say is WOW!
damp air
We live in a time of obsession with celebrity. Every child wants to grow up to get their 15 minutes of fame, as promised by Andy Warhol.
Because I want you to hear
In the last volume of the series, a number of awful rumors have spread across the school like wildfire and most of it was directed at Sawako and her two new closest friends, Ayane Yano and Chizuru Yoshida. Of course, since Ayane and Chizuru both found out how Sawako truly feels about the pair, the two girls decide to look into the matter themselves as their investigation leads them to only one prime suspect we knew all along … Ume Kurumizawa. Unfortunately, Sawako thinks the beautiful and seemingly sweet girl is her friend.
Soul: Cuisine with Aloha and Spice
563 D-Halloween/1966. “Ghost Stories and Plato’s Phaedo.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
More recently, around 60 people came into the ‘mobile house of prayer’, and almost 40 were there at the same time. Some of those were young people that literally walked in off the street and some, we suspect, were Muslims. (I don’t know if they were drawn by the music or the Presence of Jesus, or if any of them met Jesus that night and gave their lives to Him. They DID know it was a Christian gathering, and they felt welcome enough to stay, watch and ask a few questions, too). Normally, I’m not about the numbers because the only number that matters is the One we’re burning for. But to see 60 hearts choosing to give up their time on a Saturday night to come to worship Jesus and pray for Bradford, the region and the UK – that blesses me.
Oh, there was one more bright spot. All the way home from the Colombo airport, I was terrified of unlocking the door and finding who-knows-what going on in our house. I pictured the squirrels building a lakeside resort in the flooded dining room. Nope! The house was dry and squirrel free. I guess they’re good at cleaning up their post-party messes, at least.
ob/gyn appointments.
I asked myself why I am addicted to their stories. Schadenfreude I’m afraid. When I read I feel better about myself. Superior sometimes. I have craziness in my life and have even been inviting about my readers taking pleasure out of my misery. But I see my crazy problems dissipating. I see results in my own story. I want to bang the computer screen and shout, “Don’t you see the solution? It is right in front of you! Just do A, B, C…” But I lurk and allow the stories to continue in a linear fashion.
Proceeding to the next episode of my sitcoms kinda life, the one with the case of thaat guy who won’t let me lay my head peacefully in Morpheus’ arms (sleep) at night, yes I know y’all figure it’s my AWESOMENESS, waiting for ages to manifest. My awesomeness has been waiting with all anxiety for years to change Hollywood; willing to lecture 21st Century Fox a fresh heart-pomderingly stunning way to WOW-WOW-WOW in the business and maybe give the MGM that actually ROAR it deserves. Though these guys in the filmmaking business has given us several classics over the years, but the AWESOMENESS inside me, yet-to-be-scribbled are all eternal EPICS!!!
So, if you want to learn more about my writery ways, what's influenced me along the way, how I work, where I work and so on, then take a look at Kim's interview with me.
But, as to what happened – why, even Bottom cannot tell us that…
Enhances workplace culture "More than four decades of study by various researchers confirms some common-sense wisdom: Humor, used skillfully, greases the management wheels. It reduces hostility, deflects criticism, relieves tension, improves morale, and helps communicate difficult messages, Fabio Sala declares in the Harvard Business Review. Sala reminds us that, "the key to the effective use of humor is how it’s deployed. Don’t try to be funny. But do pay closer attention to how you use humor, how others respond to your humor, and the messages you send. It’s all in the telling."Boosts personal well-being "As you laugh," Ellen Weber shows that "your brain creates enzymes for clear thinking, better learning and adventures brimming over with possibilities in spite of turbulent times."Bonds people within organizations "Humor can be a cohesive force in organizations--as anyone who's ever traded jokes at the water cooler or laughed over lunch with colleagues understands," Daniel Pink, author of A Whole New Mind, concludes. "Instead of disciplining joke-crackers, as Ford did in the last century, organizations should be seeking them out and treating a sense of humor as an asset. It's time to rescue humor from its status as mere entertainment and recognize it for what it is--a sophisticated and peculiarly human form of intelligence that can't be replicated by computers and that is becoming increasingly valuable in a high concept, high-touch world."Adds snap to presentations Have you noticed how many presenters can bring humor to ice breakers and the beginning of a slideshow only to forget it soon after as all the boring slides drone on? Keep in mind that humor, to be effective must coincide with the barometric pressure of people in the group. If it falls, be ready to bring in the sunshine.Strengthens family and friendship bonds Just as Sean and Ellen add zip to family occasions, laughing together helps build bonds and strengthen ties. Sharing laughter is powerful since it adds joy, vitality and resilience. Humor is an effective way to heal resentments, disagreements and hurts. It unites people during difficult times. As I spoke about my dear mother at her funeral, I summed up two of her gifts as follows, "Love and laughter overflow."What's your current humor gauge?
Amazon (which includes any other player largely dependent on Amazon) and the most price-conscious ebook consumers have won. Everybody else in the ecosystem: authors, publishers, and other vendors, have lost. The reaction from all quarters seems to confirm that analysis.
Even if the actual brewing process isn’t (currently) living up to my expectations, I have to acknowledge that you meet the nicest folks as you hitchhike along the information/fermentation superhighway. Case in point, the kind fellow at Man Made Beer who not only has a nifty Mr. Beer brewing blog but who also acknowledged Beer Rant’s existence by paying us a visit and leaving a nice comment under an earlier post. Fear not, you’ll see Man Made Beer added to the list of beer blogs at left.
in my sweet studio.
Talk about eye-popping. Lisa Shearin just forwarded an email that Felicia Day had sent her regarding Felicia’s twittering yesterday of THE TROUBLE WITH DEMONS.
Pretty much everything else
Are your pre-baby jeans or slender college wardrobe taunting you from the back of the closet? Are you tempted to finally throw in the towel and donate the last of your smaller clothes that you’ve been dreaming about one day squeezing back into?
In honor of the first video webinar I did (which tackled how to craft the query letter pitch paragraph in your novel), I thought I'd give some tips for those who couldn't attend.
This view is supported by academics and terror analysts. "We will be excellent at reaction, but counter-intelligence is their Achilles' heal, because there are too many political appointees," says former naval officer and senior researcher at the SA Institute for International Affairs Frank van Rooyen.
Oh, I forgot to say, the subject of this image is a wood gatherer, gathering 'fuel', which by strange coincidence just so happens to be Illustration Friday's prompt of the week - well I think it is ;)
Lo and Behold, what I can do is teach him how to be respectful, compassionate, a few manly things ( predicated on how I think a man ought to act ), how to live for Jesus Christ, manners etc. and I can use my own experiences to do that!
I don't. I, for one, am of the very strong opinion that this is unacceptable behavior, regardless of how finished a project might have been when it came in or how many other projects that need more work an editor has. I hope that you, the author, do not want your baby going into production without any critical guidance or revision--no matter how artistic you are convinced your baby is, you MUST admit that no one, not even you, is perfect. Editors were invented because a second set of eyes is never, ever a bad thing.
After FOUR hours of dealing with this company....
What once was alive, now lies down and wonders how that inside him died. Wondering where everyone went who he did once confide.
These two spent the majority of the episode together keeping Blair’s secret and going to church. Aw! It’s so sweet that Dan is now her new best friend (she didn’t even tell Serena!) but seriously, can’t the girl see Dan’s SO in love with her? My Dair shipper heart can’t take this! Anyway, while the two are sneaking around, Louis and Chuck grow suspicious. They actually think she’s having an affair with Dan! How ironic! To cover their tracks at the New Year’s party, Dan and Serena pretend Blair was helping them to sneak around. Confused yet? So is Chuck, who doesn’t believe any of this and swears he will destroy Dan if he has to, but he’ll know the truth…All of this drama sure is making us excited for the 100th episode!
a description of our Irish ancestors emigration to North America.
and besides that is tastes delicious, it also looks yummy (see above).
Surly Brewing Company Darkness
I lob a response back to the spammer:
Cassel comes from a family of curse workers -- people who have the power to change your emotions, your memories, your luck, by the slightest touch of their hands. And since curse work is illegal, they're all mobsters, or con artists. Except for Cassel. He hasn't got the magic touch, so he's an outsider, the straight kid in a crooked family. You just have to ignore one small detail -- he killed his best friend, Lila, three years ago.
their clothes! Photos of me...mmm, sorry, I'm busy. But, I am making
This specific section 17 been used and abused by many in govt and judiciary for own purposes, thereby subduing the rights of the rightful owner, the farmer.
Now, I know I need not give any reasons why you must support Anna Hazare, for it is beneath Anna’s dignity to beg and make case for support when he is fighting for you against an abusive, corrupt regime. But, for those who still prefer to be the ostriches of their country (nah! country would be too vast a term, even I’m an ostrich then, in fact I may even be an ostrich of my city, Delhi, too! But, let’s just keep it to ostriches of the city), here’s a quick recap.
coral BG
“Well, are you hungry?” I asked.
fooled by the next maneuver to do it all over again.
J.J. Luna, a highly trained and experienced security consultant, shows you how to achieve the privacy you crave and deserve, whether you just want to shield yourself from casual scrutiny or take your life savings with you and disappearing without a trace. Whatever your needs, Luna reveals the shocking secrets that private detectives and other seekers of personal information use to uncover information and then shows how to make a serious commitment to safeguarding yourself.
(1) Syria’s still hiding Saddam’s missing WMDs.
It's very strange.
OK-I’m trying something new out. I really hope you like it. I found some amazing deals this week and it inspired me to make a post about the best deals I’ve found this week for at or under $10. If you like this, let me know! And for my international friends, I won’t forget you! I’ll include some deals for you, too!
When I read this in my little book, I got teary eyed. It summed up so much of what parenting is to me. We wish to have all the answers, but in reality we learn so much from our children. To me, it's a vivid picture of the depth and weight of my responsibility as a Mother. Especially being one that has chosen to stay home with her children, and will school them within the home as well. A cloak of responsibility is what it feels like, not heavy like I'm being smothered, but rather a cloak of new identity.
Renee Dufault from theFood Ingredient and Health Research Institute(FIHRI) and her colleagues examined how various foods and environmental factors affect the neurodevelopment of children, and particularly how these factors inhibit the body’s ability to eliminate disease-causing toxins and heavy metals from the system. Known as “macroepigenetics,” this comprehensive approach to disease research offers unique insight into how the human body responds to multiple inputs from diet, environment, and genetics.
FH: Happiness for me?
In the past few years, however, once-sold rights have become extremely valuable--to authors, who can tap into the rising enthusiasm for ebooks by self-publishing their backlists; and also to publishers, which are eager to digitally exploit the long tail of their rights catalogs. The reversion clause in a life-of-copyright contract is more vital than ever--and it is equally vital that it be precise.
Roxy said:
I wrenched open the back door,
While you’re marinading, make your croutons! I used a small old baguette that was getting hard. Old bread is perfect for croutons! A nice way to use that up without wasting it. Cut your bread into little bite size pieces, making them all about the same size so that they will bake evenly. Put them in a big mixing bowl and throw in some spices. I usually use about 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt (or 1 tsp garlic-salt), some fresh pepper, and 1/2 tsp each of basil, oregano, thyme, and rosemary. Then toss it with a generous coating of olive oil (about 2 tblspoons) and then maybe a little extra spray oil so that they are nice and shiny. Mix them up real nice, put them in a single layer on a lightly greased baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees for about 20-25 minutes until they are browned and crunchy! Yum!
One disadvantage of electric mowers is their diminished energy and general cutting duration. Electric mowers don’t have the very same energy as a gas motor.
My friend Jo, who lives in St Albans, picked this up in M&S and sent it to me in the old-fashioned postal system with a proper letter written in purple spangly ink. It’s a very detailed list, with a choice of bizarre provisioning items, and an obvious marmalade compulsion. Judging by the use of imperial and the spidery handwriting, I imagine it was scribbled by a lady of a certain age. Turn it over and the lady appears to be called Rosemary: a note to her, in a completely different hand, describes how a cat got trapped in her garage while she was away and caused all kinds of chaos. Crivens!
niyaccha manyuṁ kad adāḥ sma mā naḥ
The one thing that stands out here (apart from Muslim vote-rigging) is the reference to the Banglatown and Spitalfields ward. When occupying armies take control of enemy territory, it is customary to rename the conquered territory. I must be honest, I had no idea there was a Banglatown ward. When this was re-named, and is it not a tad sinister that parts of London are being colonised and their ancient names consigned to the dustbin of British history?
Humans are only a small percentage of the total living system yet the influence and effect that we have on nature is so much larger in proportion. Something clearly isn’t right; the system is definitely out of balance, yet ironically, balance is the very essence of nature.
And help us to share the love with commenting on 2 entry numbers.
At least a few of these beloved birds remain in the neighborhood. And when they are spotted, they will continue to bring a smile to The Ancient One's face.
ink- SU coral, baja, and celery
Before I regale you all with a series of wittily written travel stories from my trip to Tassie, I thought I’d begin with something of a cautionary tale.
Up and down front. Ran the downhill again, but the shin was a bit sore after Jeff hammered it this morning. Should've worn Microspikes as the ice/snow in the shade hadn't melted as much as I thought it would.
Plane Ticket
# Nigar Khan was in controvercy when her top came off when she was walking down the catwalk in Oslo fashion show. Some websites published her controversial topless pictures, which are still available on internet.
I pretty much live in them when the weather hits above 65 degrees.
My fascination with research developed out of the early good experiences I had with my contact with writers and other researchers. If you go right back to the earliest contact I had with an author, that would be Malcolm Saville around 1971-72, when I was nine or so. I was a member of the Lone Pine Club around that time and ordered a signed copy of Where's My Girl? when it was released in 1972.
Instead of buying stuff and paying to have them on xbox how about a Microsoft made product like “x- messenger” just like apple made Imessages to find people playing your games around you.
My husband is not the jealous type at all but till date, 14 years later, he sometimes jokingly talks about my ‘going out with the Frenchman’! We have shared many a laugh over it and my kids have been told the story as well. No prizes for guessing who told them the story, though.
Hope to be back again soon,I've had a couple of days out this last week and it's surprising how it throws everything else out of sync.
Like a tear
“All right, then, what do you want?”
Throughout the season, the squad has shown the character to comeback when results have gone against them. That mental strength needs to be summoned once more, for one final match to ensure Champions League participation for next season in their own right rather than waiting on the failure of others. And that cannot be relied on for as much as FC Bayern are favourites to beat Chelsea with the pressure on them to win in their own stadium is immense, circumstances which may counter-balance the home advantage.
Wifey was still hungry and there were still tear gas around and we couldn't just hog the table after I finished. Finally we decided to take our chances by going out to Nando's which we saw was open in the morning. Thankfully, it was still open and we went in for our dinner before we walked to Hang Tuah Station(advised by wifey's resourceful colleague) to take our train back to Sri Petaling.
today, i put myself through another grueling weight workout; i couldn’t even lift my arms above my head and it felt amazing. i really love lifting weights and i keep getting stronger. i added weight to all of my exercises today and i know i’m only going to get better. i hope everyone is having a great week. if you’re struggling, just keep going. we’ll all get there, one way or another. i’m going to yoga. have a good evening and stay healthy, y’all.
While I agree that there’s only so much you can do with the design of a large screen TV, Don fails to see that it’s rarely about just the design with Apple. It’s the ecosystem tied to the exterior of the device in harmony, and no, that’s nothing anyone out there can match.
Earlier I had dinner with a friend and business colleague. He told me that my life would change so much after this happened. And I smiled and tried to brush it off. I thought to myself of all of the things I had to do to mend bridges of the past. The debts I had to repay, the people I had to face, and the immense responsibility of being financially responsible and thereby conservative. I’m not going to lie, it got to me a bit. I can’t say I deserve it, but I can say that I have worked tirelessly for it.
So here are my examples of story time- they say a lot with a little. (I was going to caption them, but I thought that would take away from the spirit of telling a story with a pic. So look at them, and imagine your own story to go along with them! :))
And no longer will I need to sing
Tomorrow they march, they will be unstoppable. (Unless surrounded by roast potatoes and mint-sauce).
And a song that’s been stuck in my head…
Ash
Meghan suggested doing our swap in person, and after a couple busy work weeks, we finally carved out some time on Monday to meet up at Starbucks to swap our little mugs! My few moments of paranoid stranger danger and blind-date feelings dissolved as soon as she walked up to my table, and we sat outside and talked for the longest time, and it was so great! I love when potentially awkward events aren't awkward at ALL. Haha!
599 D-V/11/1970. “Citizenship and War.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
It was a memorable experience - and a lucky shot !
*shudder*
The album Born in the USA came out in 1984. Widely read as a piece of nationalistic sloganeering, it made Bruce as big as Coca-Cola, but closer inspection of the lyrics reveals a much more complex picture. The title track begins “Born down in a dead man’s town, the first kick I took was when I hit the ground. You end up like a dog that’s been beat too much, and spend your whole life just a-covering up.” Cut to the bombastic chorus – “I was…born in the USA…” Though the rocked up delivery might be somewhat misleading, the overall tone of the song is borderline desolate. A Vietnam veteran returning to a country that has very little place for him. The last verse ends with “I’m ten years down the road. Nowhere to run, ain’t got nowhere to go.” Bruce himself describes the song as about a “spiritual crisis, in which man is left lost…It’s like he has nothing left to tie him into society anymore. He’s isolated from the government. Isolated from his family…to the point where nothing makes sense.” It’s a far cry from the patriotic anthem that many of us remember.
1428 D-V/25/2002. “How to Begin to Think About Non-Western Texts.” The Thomas More Institute for Research in Adult Liberal Studies, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It's Bill and Ted meets Pirates of the Caribbean, which isn't nearly as charming as it sounds. The surfer dude dialogue gets tedious real fast, but there is the occasional set piece that is pretty nice to look at. It's a mock-epic episode, and turns out to be a pretty weak way to end the first season.
For those manipulated emotionally by the numerical, color scheme of friendship, they may be the most vulnerable in these situations. We naturally self-segregate towards particular communities because we believe these privileged individuals will take an intuitive interest. We speak to specific people through chosen platforms because their thought process may emulate the masses. And, when the holy grail of communities shuns you by lack of interaction, you lose any preconceived notions reminding you of that community belief. A place you once saw as your community release mirrors one similar to a dungeon of neglected thoughts or discounted and unappreciated text. So, depression sets in because you think you are forgotten or overlooked. The way you feel emotionally is not always the truth. “Stretching his hand up to reach the stars, too often man forgets the flowers at his feet” –Jeremy Bentham. Being overlooked does not make you incomplete. It just means your sweet aroma is not made for everybody.
We moved the coffee table out of the living room and set up our folding 6 foot table so that we could all eat together. It was wonderful to have the whole fam gathered around the table together to celebrate. I’m so grateful to have gained such a great family!
John: "Elijah, don't jump on that. Move over to another part of Daddy's bed."
*Star Wars Paper from Hobby Lobby Paper Pack
Ideally, we’d hope to see mental health professionals deployed to screen everyone in police custody, with the benefit of access to health records systems like Epex. Of course, the police arrest people 24/7 all year round. In my force alone there are thirteen 24/7 custody offices and in my borough, we arrest about 750-800 a month. To have a professional available to see everyone, it’s quite possible you’d need psychiatric nurses or other appropriate mental health professionals working 24/7 covering two custody blocks. Regardless of which grade of nurse / professional used, it’s going to be expensive business and this is usually where the vision falls flat and thoughts turn to cheaper alternatives. This is where ‘The Emperor’s New Clothes’ comes in, because in reality diversion services often seek to turn 24/7 business into something that can be managed without face-to-face screening and on more of an ‘office hours’ basis and that’s where initial problems start to emerge.
Sweet, quiet moments like this
Go-Along Books to Put on the Reserve List:
Violent video games, movies
Year of Release: 1967
As promised, I must now throw the prizes at homeless people, which I will do indirectly by donating them to Goodwill.
I am not sure where to start for our vacation, so I think I will just jump in and start with the events that stand out the most.
In a world where digital distractions are omnipresent, how do you unplug long enough to think straight?
The first programme was a Strategic Radio Management Training Course which ran from the 5th to the 9th October 2009 and included more than 10 radio stations from around the country. The aim of the course was to develop strategic radio and programming management for both community and commercial radio stations.
Though many fans may have given up on Hewitt I have not. I like five tool players and a guy who can hit the long ball like Hewitt did last night and steal 36 bases like he did last season with Lakewood is still on my radar screen. He will be only 23 years old this coming Friday and remains a prospect in my mind. Last night he showed he can hit the ball a long way to the opposite field and can pull a ball down the left field line. His problems in previous seasons have been striking out too much and his fielding. Last night he put the ball in play each of his five at bats and caught three fly ball outs in right.
I said I'd reflect on the process of self-publishing, so here are my thoughts now my book is Far Away in the big wide world.
“As much as I adore myself, I’m quite keen to find someone to care about more,” he quipped.
With women like Thatcher who worked so hard to make the inroads for us, why haven’t we gone farther? There are many reasons. One is that in many countries, even in North America, women still tend to take on more of the burden of household chores and childrearing. While men are becoming more involved in their children’s lives, the woman is usually the one in charge, taking the larger parental leave and making more time for sick days, etc. Think of the movie “The Descendants” when George Clooney’s character refers to himself as the “back-up parent”.
Money doesn’t grow on trees. (Seriously, it doesn’t. Even the material isn’t paper, it’s made from a blend of cotton and linen.)
Holly Golightly: You know those days when you get the mean reds?
I really believe we are all meant to be somewhere. There is one place in this world that is meant for each of us. The place that will make us the most complete, at peace and happy. I’m not sure if I’ve found it yet, but I’m looking…and I have some ideas.
Univariate and Bivariate
The goal of RUN@WORK Day, presented by the Road Runners Club of America, is to encourage adults to get 30-minutes of exercise each day, in accordance with the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans, either before work, during lunch, or immediately following work.
Even though I despair.
So… Jeremy and I took the Wednesday before Thanksgiving off of work. Drove to the east side and picked up the U-haul. U-hauls on the east side are an experience… and maybe not a good one. There is no U-haul place. Well… there are, they are just really few and far between. So when mileage counts against you, you end up choosing the place closest to you. Which for us, was some janky gas station on Fort Street in Wyandotte. Sigh. This man called my cell phone repeatedly asking when I would be there. This was in the days and hours prior to the time that I had indicated I would be picking it up when I reserved the truck online. When we finally arrived, he felt the need to razz me about not smiling at him… (1) you’ve been annoying me by calling me every half hour while I am driving 2 hours across the state and (2) you are explaining things to me like you think I’m an idiot. True, trucks are different than sedans but I’m pretty sure I can distinguish the gas pedal from the brake pedal and know how to angle the steering wheel so that I don’t hit the light post on the way out of the parking lot. So no, I will not smile for you. Jerk. Kalamazoo folks… we have it good when it comes to U-hauls.
- Bad mood
PAUL: No, he taxed too much. My goal is to get rid of the 16th amendment. And the only way you can do that…
"And the other forms? Can you give me those too?"
A wish to seal the wounded walls of their cracked souls.
So, here’s what I am reading… enjoy!
Unfortunately, because I was so busy I began to let things slide, namely my friends and family. I began calling home less and didn’t see my friends as much as I would like to. Now that I am looking back on the year, I realize that this was a mistake. These were thepeople who had supported me even when I disappeared for days doing what I had to do. I should have made myself more available to them. This will be something I will make a priority for next year.
Jonah asks Cindy if she has ever fired a rifle and she says that her daddy taught her. Jonah interrupts her and she says that he taught her before he died. Jonah tells her to fire a shot every ten seconds and he heads out to get the drop on the killers.
The regular mechanics often have general knowledge about vehicle maintenance and no special skill for specific models. This is unlike mechanics who are specialized in dealing with specific models. These mechanics have a deep understanding about the maintenance procedures required to service that model thus, offer better service.
871. – Dinner @ Tortugas (Collegeville, PA) –
1) Assess your space:
Tennis star
One of the greatest lessons in yachting history might be learned from your Fastnet tragedy, many sailors died in storm conditions by abandoning perfectly fine boats and becoming into life rafts, only for rescue teams to find most of the distressed vessels being floating safely, completely crewless for the days, following storm. This speaks of perception and capability to cope.
19. Cut & Run, argues that the fact that once again workers are having to engage in a struggle over the provision of basic services shows why we shouldn't leave those things in the hands of the bosses' State. In any case, that State established control over these essential elements of the reproduction of Labour Power for its own reasons, and to head off existing and developing independent working class provision.
It also could Wes Welker that put me in the spirit. I was watching the news this morning and saw a story about how he gave a pair of tickets to the game to an Iraq War Veteran. That makes him a class act in my book, regardless of how he plays (which is usually fantastic).
*Cakes:*
as if Pere Noel has just left....
“I don’t think so why?”
If anyone wants to give any tips, I'm all ears. I'm starting to think I need "Organizing Your Day For Dummies". Do they make that??
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak had announced the formation of the bipartisan polls committee in August 2011, after being condemned in the international press for his administration’s clampdown on Bersih’s July 9 rally which drew tens of thousands to the streets of the capital.
France is home to six million Muslims.
The batter is ready; it should be quite thin in consistency, easy pouring one.
4) I can definitely understand why people said there was a lot of shark-jumping after the second season, though I disagree with that assessment. The real shark jump was Season 5, but even this didn’t really bother me.
1. Our most impossible situations need the resurrection power of the Holy Spirit (verse 14). Now this vision has to do with the regathering of the nation of Israel and the spiritual transformation of that nation. After the vision has been explained, God tells Ezekiel how he intends to accomplish the impossible, through the resurrecting power of the Holy Spirit.
That itself isn’t weird. What’s weird is how many movies with corresponding 80s songs have found their way into the Criterion Collection.
“Do you find anything you like?” Janis asked.
“Oooh, you are in trouble now, boy!” my dentist says with another poke into my gums. “What did you do?”
(That is only a slight exaggeration.)
Eltham South Fine Art: Studios and Gallery is an Artist Run Initiative growing from the legacy of the late Grace Mitchell. The Mitchell family moved to Eltham in 1948 and bought a property that runs between Mt. Pleasant Road and Fordhams Road, South Eltham. Initially Grace and Arthur Mitchell lived in the old minors cottage at the top of the hill (Fordhams Road) and began constructing the orchard garden.
This would be just fine as a 'starter' for four people, but would only serve two or possibly three of you as a supper dish. Fresh crusty bread is lovely with it of course :)
I tried to explain that Michigan was an hour ahead of Illinois, but she could not understand the concept of time zones.
Specialty Risk Services and their corporate ass munching dickhead attorneys Scheminske and Lyons* are certainly willing to drag things out.
We try to avoid being all together in a very small space (which makes breakfast on the porch more difficult), and we still watch them closely and don't leave them alone together, but I think that this relationship is going to work out after all. I think when she gets a little bigger, and a little less chewy, and a little less bouncy, Riley is really going to love having a friend.
This cake is unparalleled served buck-naked, with fresh, summer berries.
However, this ewe is not that trusting of the Good Shepherd, with that wild-eyed stare, and one ear wrapped firmly around his staff. This is, once again, over in Waverley Cemetery, the cemetery that sits atop the slope overlooking Bondi Beach and the Pacific Ocean.
In today’s news, an annual survey reveals that students and parents support online learning and in-classroom mobile devices. Also, stakeholders say that the new TED-Ed site could support Flipped Learning; an online recruiting service is linking athletes with colleges; and though there’s been a national push for digital textbooks, evidence suggests states are slow in adoption.
Name of your car? It doesn't have one. I don't think I've ever named a car.
My book is called THE ELEPHANT AND THE DONKEY and it is completely in rhyme. Since it is about animals, I tested it out on my cat and dog and they absolutely loved it! They showed their appreciation by marking the corners of this manuscript. You’ll probably be able to tell (or smell) witch corner is witch.
I’ve always been a dreamer. Since I was just a squirt I can remember having my head in the clouds with fantasies of how life would be “one day.” I thought back then that there was nothing that could stop me, I was going to lead a life of greatness. Anyone else have this? I’m sure I’m not the only one, in fact I know I’m not. They are many people who value personal autonomy and freedom. Many more fantasize about it but don’t dare speak it.
Cindy M. Hogan graduated with a secondary education teaching degree and enjoys spending time with unpredictable teenagers. More than anything she loves the time she has with her own teenage daughters and wishes she could freeze them at this fun age. If she's not reading or writing, you'll find her snuggled up with the love of her life watching a great movie or planning their next party. She loves to bake, garden and be outdoors doing a myriad of activities.
-Username “Theater Dork” Yahoo Answers
► May (2)
1910 Security were requested to provide two batteries for the door bell to Hugh Stewart House by the Hall Porter of Hugh Stewart Hall Security attended.
Despite being English, Craig has been a season ticket holder at Hearts for over ten years but can put on a decent accent at away matches so as not to be turned on by the locals. Having only supported Hearts since 2000 when he moved to Scotland, he has the pleasure of not knowing or caring who Albert Kidd is but has had the misfortune of knowing or caring who Eduard Malofeev is.
And they’re all singing and making weird instruments and being joyously happy all the time. Did they ever go ask the crazy mountain hermit if he wanted to come down and hang? Who down in Whoville went up onto Crumpit to ask the Grinch if he wanted to come down to watch the Super Bowl?
Many times in my life I have asked the question, “What does God want of me?” Moses tells me that God wants me to walk in his ways and serve him with my heart and soul. I should thank God that he has made plain will for me and that he will help me to do it.
