Here’s a new video from the folks at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, MD that will make you fall in love with the Universe…for the first time, or all over again.
sullen light
I think it was like $10 a person when you did the conversion.
From now on, all my Xmas presents will be chosen from Goodwill, various Hospital Auxillary/Church Thrift Stores, a garage sale, shit i dont want anymore or from some other cheap ass place..ie..the side of the road.
team that has been assembled for the past 2 terms has been
Dumplings are one of my favorite Asian items. I love ordering them as a treat when we go out, but I'm also a big fan of frozen dumplings- Trader Joe's gyoza dumplings are an old favorite. I guess what intimidated me most about making them at home was the pleating process. When I actually gave it a try, it was easy to get the hang of (after a few initial mess-ups, of course). The only other challenge was making sure they didn't stick to the pan. I usually try to limit the amount of oil I use in a recipe, but this is one of those instances where I made sure to have a generous amount of oil in the pan.
-massive CM PUNK chant before the intros.
boot.img will have been extracted from your .zip file in Step 1. After that, CWM will have been flashed onto your device.
Bobbing up and down—
Now it's your turn!! Head on over to Decorate to Celebrate to see the amazing projects my awesome design team sisters have created!! Then link up your Graduation Party decorations!! I can't wait to see what you create!!
One final point. It seems that total turnout across the five ballots was 78%. That suggests that 1,540 members were entitled to vote. The 827 ‘yes’ votes therefore represent 53.7% of those entitled to vote. Whatever the rights and wrongs of the actual dispute, there is no denying that a clear majority of those who will be called upon to take part in one of the strikes will have voted in favour of strike action. Presenting the results as though the opposite is true is misleading and wrong.
The hard thing is I can't say anything quite yet. Something very unexpected happened to us on Friday. I can say, God is good. My husband is amazing, faithful and godly. My boys are happy and healthy (well except for this cold we have) and Baby O and Mama are just fine.
The second room, The Holy Place, is where the cohen were allowed. This room had the seven-branched, golden menorah, the Table which had the twelve pieces of Showbread, the incense alter, and a veil at the far end of the room. The entire room was lined with gold, and the ceiling was covered in blue, red, and violet fabric. Cherubim were sewn into the design.
you can pick the kindle book here:
Who's Denis Charles? The guy on the early Cecil records who went off to be a 30 year junkie? Yeah - that guy BUT. . .
This was the first time this year that he's said anything like this so I didn't have any reason to think he was faking it just to get a day off. And in all honesty, I'm not against giving the kids an unofficial day off now and then just because they're tired and need a "mental health day".
admit that Zuma would likely not have been picked up by the ANCYL "if Mbeki hadn't gone after him." Malema stated matter of factly that Zuma is "a victim of a conspiracy similar to what would happen in American politics." When PolOff politely challenged him about his analogy, he backed off and said, "Well, that's how it's portrayed in movies." When asked what triggered the loss of Mbeki's support from the ANCYL, he replied that "Mbeki thinks he's too clever for all of us and he won't engage with us." In a subsequent aside, Malema admitted that ANCYL President Fikile Mbalula did not want to support Zuma during the rape trial but that the regional leadership insisted, arguing that if the YL defended Zuma on corruption charges, they could defend him on rape charges since both acts are immoral. He also hinted that Fikile was told his position depended on his support of Zuma.
Let’s face facts.
The depiction of the 1920s was very interesting. Each of these girls are pushing the limits -- wanting more freedom to enjoy the flapper life with all the alcohol and gangsters that come along with it. It's prohibition, and proper girls don't cut their hair, drink alcohol, wear tight dresses with lots of make up, or visit speak-easies. Or do they?
Did you see that I sewed on the card? I finally decided I should just use my other Sewing machine instead of old faithful (my first sewing machine), and I'm so glad I did. Sigh! Why did I wait so long ;)
We don’t know when Jesus was born, and we aren’t told to make a bid deal about his birthday. But the fact of Jesus’ incarnation, that he really did come in the flesh, is indeed a big deal. It was more or less an accident of history that we started seeing December 25 as the birthday of Jesus. If somehow we decided to follow the Julian calendar and observe Christmas on January 7 (like some do), I don’t think Tressa would mind a bit. But the fact that Christ the Lord was born into our world was certainly no accident. I’m glad we have this special time of the year to remember that fact in a special way.
Even though winds were still out of the north (technically northwest), a count was conducted today. Three new species were added for the season, being Forster’s Tern (late to appear up here), Ruby-throated Hummingbird, and Warbling Vireo.
how you live your life today for your family to cherish later in life. I so love that!!
Many NGO’s working for the elderly like the Help Age India claim that the reports of abuses and neglect have gone up in recent times. Most of them say that children turn abusive once the family property has been signed over. Then the ” use” of aging parents is over and hence the anger, abuse and neglect.
Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge (1845) (a.k.a. The Knight of the Red House, or The Knight of Maison-Rouge)
Now that you know all of that you will understand how excited I was to go to the luncheon honoring the winners! I got to meet them and sat right next to Nora Raleigh Baskin, she was amazing and super nice (also her partner was super nice; he is also an art teacher). Listening to all the award winners talk about their books was wonderful. I am SO lucky.
My earliest memory is very easy to identify in time and space: summer when I was two, in a vast Kazakhstan steppe where we went to visit our deported relatives. I have a photo of me, running around naked except for a little cap to protect my head from the sun (I guess nobody had heard about skin cancer at that time). I don't remember it, but I was told afterwards how I tried to escape and run as fast as I could right toward the faraway horizon, accompanied by the dog of unidentifiable race, Kutka. To catch me was hopeless, so Granny would call Kutka instead, and he would turn and run back, and I followed. That's what they told me later, I have no memory of it.
Curry powder- 3 tsp
I decided to make a Blog, because i want to show you how i live and how important fashion(especially Gyaru) is to me. Oh, nearly i forgot the main things ^^'. My Name is Vivien and im 15 years old. I live in Austria and how you see, i started a fashion blog. J'adore la couture is french and means: I love Couture. Its very simple but i think it sounds still adorable in french.
Until adults (teachers, administrators, guidance counselors, coaches and of course parents) realize bullying can never be ignored or minimalized, it will continue.
This morning I checked her mouth again as I do each morning and there were no canker lesions any more. The inside of her mouth has turned from a sick red into a healthy pink! I will continue though to give her the propolis for a few more days to make sure that all canker is gone and then I will give it twice a week until she has conquered the PMV infection.
Hey 4-Eyes! Copyright Robyn Chapman, Cover Illustration by Derek Kirk Kim
I have finally been cured from this terrible affliction - the one where "You'd rather starve than take 'filthy lucre' for pure service ... as if somehow the service loses its purity if you take money for it." I'll charge like a bull from now on and grow fat on the spoils.
Have you ever had the feeling that you've lived another life? Been somewhere that has felt totally familiar, even though you've never been there before, or felt that you know someone well, even though you are meeting them for the first time? It happens. In 2073 on the remote and secretive island of Blessed, where rumour has it that no one ages and no children are born, a visiting journalist, Eric Seven, and a young local woman known as Merle are ritually slain. Their deaths echo a moment ten centuries before, when, in the dark of the moon, a king was slain, tragically torn from his queen. Their souls search to be reunited, and as mother and son, artist and child, forbidden lovers, victims of a vampire they come close to finding what they've lost. In a novel comprising seven parts, each influenced by a moon - the flower moon, the harvest moon, the hunter's moon, the blood moon - this is the story of Eric and Merle whose souls have been searching for each other since their untimely parting. Beautifully imagined, intricately and cleverly structured, this is a heart-wrenching and breathtaking love story with the hallmark Sedgwick gothic touches of atmosphere, blood-spilling and sacrifice.
Start with the body.
2712 Bee Caves Road
When I opened Campbell’s letter, I was hit in the face with a fragrance that I know so well, yet couldn’t pinpoint…until I got to part in the letter where he tells me: Rob’s cologne. Nice touch, Campbell.
Help came the next day to get the group out of the school. At the time, 46 students were missing. Some had left after the earthquake, before the tsunami. One child was found alive three days later, in the water, holding on to a board.
This week we only had five sewers who all wanted to make the cardi that I showed you here. I copied a couple of sizes out of newspaper ahead of time and after measuring everyone, they were ready to go.
Before we could move the heavy hands of my Uncle Manuel and Grandfather Paco were on our shoulders pulling us backwards. As I looked at my Grandfather his face was red and he looked quite angry. My Uncle Manuel on the other hand was laughing at the top of his 6 foot 5 lungs. The man at the funeral parlor just smiled at my Grandfather and said “that’s OK it happens all the time.
kidney beans
6. Shine (COLLECTIVE SOUL cover)
It was her gasp that brought me back; I knew what I looked like, face covered in bruises, the scratch marks and the dark circles under my eyes from lack of sleeping. Maybe if she had seen all of the other damage he had caused she wouldn’t have left me alone with him.
Recently I acquired the new fitbit Aria electronic scale. My scale died some time ago so this seemed like a good time to upgrade.
"My wife is watching me from the clubhouse balcony," Dave explained. "I want to make a perfect shot."
Smita
A commuter bus full of passengers headed to the lower east side was barreling towards Billy, the driver momentarily distracted by a man who had just spilled his steaming latte on his lap and was screaming out in loud unintelligible sentences, had caused the driver to look up at his large viewing mirror just above his sun visor to determine the nature of the problem and didn’t see the young boy dart into the street, however, what did get his attention was the black umbrella that suddenly hit his windshield completely obscuring his vision and causing him to immediately slam both his feet onto the brake pedal.
Cat Clarke is an edgy writer, and that's her strength. She doesn't write tidy stories where enemies are safely dispatched and a happy ending is guaranteed for all. She writes in shades of grey, and the result is honest and raw narratives where things get messy and hearts get broken - sometimes readers' hearts. Even the love story that unfolds alongside Torn's central mystery is conflicted, brimming over with bittersweetness of the most poignant variety. Like Entangled, Torn sees its teenage protagonist forced to confront uncomfortable truths about herself, and in both cases that makes for fascinating reading. But where Torn surpasses Entangled is in the way it takes us on our own journey of self-discovery - the way Alice's story feels as though it's only one wrong decision away from being our own. Seriously scary stuff.
Saturday morning, we went down to the Jockey Club, signed in and were met by our sales rep. She was a handful and incredibly irritating. She found out Ryan worked for Wells Fargo and asked him a bunch of times why she was told she qualified for a credit card and then when she went to sign the paperwork, she was told she no longer qualified. All day, non stop. When we would ask her a question, she would tell us how it is at the company where she owns her timeshare but wasn't sure how it was with the company we were looking at buying from. After being asked a series of questions about our vacation "habits," touring the facility, and looking at tons of pictures, we watched a short movie showing people having fun on vacation.
As a prelude to their attendance at the Mobile World Congress, Adobe released some interesting data from over 600 publishers and 1500 tablet applications about the usage of their digital publishing platform. From the press release:
To that end, the Emperor has drastically increased our funding, thereby allowing us to massively expand the Death Star PR blog team by one. Who will work for free, like the rest of it. And enjoy it. (Hey, when your boss can shoot lightning out of his hands, that's a pretty good deal).
*Plus it's a pretty rad bag!
So, in keeping with my christmas theme...I have my PPA112 challenge entry!! It is an elements of style challenge today and the element is Lace! well...I think I can do that...pair lace with some vintage christmas colours and you've got yourself a beautiful christmas card!
Writer : Alan Ormsby
After a monk and teacher named John Huss found out about the Bible translation done by John Wycliffe and his followers, the Bible was then also translated into Czech. John Huss did this so that his people could also read it for themselves. John Huss was found guilty by the Church and was burned at the stake.
You have to be honest with yourself and your diet and be a bit brutal to make sure you stay in check but when you want to lose weight Diet + Exercise = Success.
To send her on her way,
It's a fun site to play with. You can type in a place-name on their map and it will show photos that were taken in that location. There's also a timeline, so you can choose which era of photos you want to look at.
My friend, Deborah, and I are heading to Kansas City at 4am so I'm going to bed once Scott is home. I could seriously fall asleep right now!
Anyway onto this weeks Challenge. We want you to use
U become happy, U become a valuable asset to yourself and others. A HappyU will be inspired and motivated. A HappyU will love each day of summer fun that comes your way, whether you are taking care of your kids, finding romance with a new love, working with a community group to help others, or just drinking lemonade in the backyard. Is this exercise fun? You bet. As much fun as eating corn on the cob on a hot summer night, AND it works!
The silence from our State representatives is deafening.
2 Tins chopped tomatoes
The sad truth is many of the foods that are most popular with children contain GMOs. Cereals, snack bars, snack boxes, cookies, processed lunch meats, and crackers all contain large amounts of high risk food ingredients. In North America, over 80% of our food contains GMOs. If you are not buying foods that are Non-GMO Project Verified, most likely GMOs are present at breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
There is a real lack attitude here when it comes to believing in your worth to actually become financially abundant. So many inane associations and teachings have prevailed against the overall attitude about money, but none more vacuous than the idea that there is a pie graph of money, that if some “rich guy” has a bunch, then there is less for you.
As always, click over and read these fabulous bloggers, and please vote for your favorites on Thursday.
Murmur
“Come say good-bye to Mrs. Hart,” Henri yells from the living room.
NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory has discovered an extraordinary outburst by a black hole in the spiral galaxy M83, located about 15 million light years from Earth. Using Chandra, astronomers found a new ultraluminous X-ray source (ULX), objects that give off more X-rays than most “normal” binary systems in which a companion star is in orbit around a neutron star or black hole.
Now, the pork slices.
as per usual, i ignored the warnings.
i''ll continue submitting old rare material via friendly blogs... :-)
Heads turned to look at Pitcher.
This influx of ex-BNP has resulted in organisations such as Searchlight, Hope not Hate and other anti-fascist groups beginning to target the EDP. Of the 90 EDP candidates in next month’s elections almost half are known to be from the BNP, and at least 25 are former BNP candidates.
Recommended Listening
During the brief pause that followed, I could sense him thinking about my embarrassment of plenty and being disgusted by it. Not only did I have $2.69 that I didn’t care about – probably enough to feed his entire family for a year — but I had mounds and mounds of paper records documenting my (comparatively) enormous wealth. It was too much trouble for the decadent American to exert himself a little.
I thought about it. Since every Wednesday we have English Class (letter recognition and writing), Cooking Class (we made smoothies and smoothie pops today) and Cleaning/Health Class (they took a bath - systematically cleaning themselves, and then cleaned their bathroom - systematically following a list of items to be cleaned and learning why cleaning themselves and the things around them is important)... Anyway, since every Wednesday we have English Class, I told them they could watch an episode of Super Why which teaches them to recognize the alphabet.
you are sweet like an African mango.
- Bike rides along beaten' paths
SPOTTER ACTIVATION IS NOT EXPECTED AT THIS TIME.
And according to me, my mother, who so often had some sort of illness and never set a foot outside for weeks on end, would often go AWOL and would be gallivanting around the countryside, using her Rover ticket to travel for miles on buses, having lunch in motorbiker’s cafes – ‘They do the best chips, our Lynne’.
We all need more moments like that - carefree and unabashed - regardless of who is there and who is watching. The only person I judge is myself and I'm beginning to like what I see.
Client: “I am looking for a SAFE vehicle”
GOURMET GIRLFRIEND'S RICOTTA CHOOK.
Each issue will feature columns that share best practice concepts, new trends, vendor profiles, agency profiles and strategies on running a better business – from lowering taxes, dealing with problem clients, and employment issues. The magazine is published by Eisen Marketing Group president Rodger Roeser, who will also be a contributing editor. The magazine is designed by EMG staff under the direction of EMG vice president Angela Deniston.
I guess that as they snapped up more and more land, the zoo became the reluctant owners of this Grade II listed building, sitting slap bang in the midst of their purchase. I could be completely wrong, but I get the impression that the zoo feel a little 'saddled' with this sideline into ancient religious buildings, and would like nothing more that to build an Ostrich birthing pool or suchlike in its place. I can certainly feel some resentment oozing from the plaque in front of the church which reads:
For decades, Kony and the LRA have terrorized northern Uganda and environs by laying waste to towns, killing and maiming civilians, abducting and arming children, and generally recreating the goriest parts of the Old Testament.
His face is a full goblet for the eyes.
The table below breaks down how each industry is faring. The Leisure & Hospitality and Mining industry have recovered all the jobs losses, and then some. The recovery has produced 1.25 million Professional Service jobs, almost 83 percent of those lost during the recession.
No, that’s not the most PC statement but it is what my boyfriend uses to describe this workout program and I think he’s on to something. Don’t get me wrong, I think that he’d be sweating and feeling the workout just as much as any woman, but I can see how, in many ways, this particular program seems more friendly to women. Also, there’s the appeal of 30 minute workouts as opposed to 1-1.5 hr workouts. And let’s face it, ladies, we have busy lives. I know for myself personally, it takes me at least 30 minutes longer than my BF to shower and get ready post-workout.
(4)You can enlist your kids as extra help (just kidding), but they certainly may gain an interest in what you do (see picture above);
I eat really, really sensibly (when I go on about stuffing my face with chocolate, most of that’s teasing – I’m too aware of the calorie count). But my weight just isn’t shifting. So I can’t get away from it: to shift the weight (and make sure I don’t look a total blob at the M&B party pictures in September – when I’m due to get my pin for my 50th book, so I have to scrub up a bit instead of being my usual scruffy self) I will have to do some exercise.
Larkin's pacing in Vixen is excellent. There is always something happening to one of these girls that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The multiple narrators work very well. I felt I got to know each of the girls very well via this technique. I learned some things about the roaring 20s, and really enjoyed being immersed in that time period. I had no idea that flappers wrapped their breasts to make them flat. I just thought it was the cut of the dresses that made them look that way -- but they worked for that flat-chested look!
In China itself there is frankly not much of a variety to choose from, at least in the normal vendors near my hotel in downtown Shanghai. Sure, at an upscale restaurant you can get pretty much anything you want. But there is nothing like the microbrew revolution taking place in China, so in the equivalent of our 7-Elevens the options are fairly limited. Heineken is the only Western import that is regularly available. But I don't care for that particular brew here and I'm even less likely to get it when it's almost certain not to be fresh.
Whilst Sobel owns a number of physical prints, clearly the copyright in the prints remains with Eggleston as the “author”. Therefore, from a copyright perspective, at least, there is nothing to stop Eggleston from making further prints.
Give yourself time to adjust to any new changes. Sometimes we expect things to go perfectly right away and are disappointed when they do not. Pray each day and ask God to help you to adjust to the change. He knew it was going to come. He has already equipped us to succeed and have victory.
Skirt - F21 dress I sewed into a skirt
KimmunicatorDisney’s Kim Possible: Kimmunicator
“As what has been known as the first true performance pickup truck to gearheads everywhere, the Dodge Lil’ Red Express offered the neglected enthusiasts of the late ‘70s a fresh canvas in which to mold the ultimate street machine. It would go on to become the fastest American performance vehicle of …”
do I feel myself shimmer out of this space, into another,
Hubby and I noticed for a while Luke falling further and further behind Molly with speech. At first we blamed prematurity and thought he would catch up, but it became pretty obvious we needed help. Not only were we struggling with his communication skills, but his attention span and hyperactivity was apparent. We made an appointment with a specialist for guidance. He pointed us to a great therapy place, plus sent Luke to be evaluated for Autism. Luke started speech therapy 3 times a week back in October and OT therapy once a week this month. He had his Autism evaluation middle October. First let me say this...it totally was not what I expected. After 2 hours she completed her text book evaluation and told us it would take her 3 hours to "grade" the results. She then called my husband to say the results were inconclusive and she felt Luke needed retested in 9 months. Here is the shocker...2 1/2 months later we got a copy of the evaluation and to our surprise Luke was diagnosed with PDD-NOS. Which is on the Autism spectrum. Todd and I have come to terms it...don't get me wrong, I have my days that I am pissed, sad and in disbelief. He has made HUGE strides with therapy. He now tells us what he wants & how he feels. We still can not sit down and have a conversation with him, but I am hoping that will come in the near future. I plan on sharing so much more, but need to ease back into blogging!
Bring Protest Signs. Speak your mind about the project.
On this bleak hut, and solitude, and me
Heineken.
Paper: Chocolate Chip, Kiwi Kiss, Pink Pirouette, Whisper White
We watch a variety of shows here at various times, depending on when I’m working that day. We switch it up because I can only handle so much of any one kids’ show. They’re fairly irritating, I would say. Of course, so are most adult shows.
Not too shabby. This is only the second year we have cooked our own turkey. In the past we were all about the Whole Foods special counter for holiday misfits. We joke that you know you live in a little yuppie town when the police are all out directing traffic at Whole Check on the day before Thanksgiving.
Is life still crazy? Totally! But it’s a good kind of crazy and I’ve never been happier.
Where to start? What to bake? Cake? Biscuit? Brownie? Cupcake? Arrghh...too many options! Then inspiration struck me! Now bear with me on this explanation, I'm not even quite sure how exactly my brain worked it's way round to this...
On the day of the shoot we arrived at 4.30am with plenty of time to spare before the truck arrived. We had favourable weather with the promise of nice sunrise in clear skies behind the building – gorgeous!
Party party
I will save my stories of rejection for future blogs, but for now, rest assured that if is Sunday and you can’t wait to frock up one last time this weekend, the man you could meet tonight may be the reason we eventually meet in person. I may be a single Celebrant, but I know love when I see it and a lot of the time it starts with a “Hi, can I buy you a drink” on a Sunday afternoon.
'An artist who can exert power with the lightest of touches' -- BBC Music
***btw, I am still looking for team mate commitments. I have an offer from a few friends back home, but want to make sure I'm not missing any online friends who want to join in the fun.
it’s Saturday and we plan to work in
Not very many people get to go out into the countryside like we did.
4:45-5:45-- My School District Boot Camp. (Too many push-ups!!!)
Aaron Walton is chief cook and bottle washer at B(eer)log and easily my favorite thing about his beer blog are the photos. (Little surprise there since he also has a blog called Aaron Walton: The Photography of Aaron Walton.) In late 2008 one of my resolutions was to try to use as many of my own beer images here at Beer Rant as I could and not pirate beer pictures off the web; my photography skills are lacking but I’ve stuck to this commitment the best that I know how for better or worse. Over at B(eer)log, it’s a similar situation with the only difference being, the pictures are really, really great! If I were going to write a beer book, I’d ask Aaron Walton to shoot the photos for it. If I were a craft brewer trying to break into the business and get my product and image out there, Aaron Walker’s pictures would be in my slick promotional brochures and flyers. Okay, I’ve gushed enough. I hope he’s not just a follower here but I hope he does drop in now and then.
Managing Domestic Herbs
The sun was beginning to rise as I did this.
Tights: Century 21 (Hue)
“What have I done?! It’s sailing itself! This ship, it’s sailing itself!“
Sadly, for whatever reason, the show did not generate much traffic -- do you believe my luck? But we had a grand time for ourselves and were able to do our own shopping (pssst! great Christmas gifts!) at the many (150) booths. We met some terrific vendors and swapped lots of ideas and garnered tons of advice for future shows.
He followed to a city passing fair,
The ‘50s up to the ‘70s seemed quite an exciting period in Philippine cinema based on these posters and “komiks” both bloggers have posted on their sites– proof that back in the day when copyright infringement was more blurry than it is today; Philippine cinema and the Komikbook industry had quite an impressive output of plagiarized superheroes.
The true, original Newark Bears were a AA-Class minor team that started up in 1917. This is the date the current Newark Bears organization likes to symbolically pin their date of established recognition.
And managed somehow to get by with
Introducing the newest addition to our felt finger puppet family...a frog! He'll be going in my son's Easter basket along with the bunny finger puppet I made earlier.
We planted 3 new trees this afternoon - a laburnum, a silver birch and a sycamore. I love trees, and I'm happy to say that our eucalyptus that we thought had died of the cold seems to have survived after all.
It's Thanksgiving week! I have really started to look forward to my Thankful Thursday posts. Sometimes they are profound...sometimes not so much. But I always enjoy taking a few minutes out of my week to count my blessings. I thought this week it might be nice to do that every day. So here goes:
At the end of the row by the door sits a businesswoman. She is petite, demure, and beautiful. Her suit: jet black. She is perfectly symmetrical, reading two books. One in each hand, both resting on her briefcase. She reads them at the same time. A page each. Changing from one to the other in rhythm. Beside her sits a girl who hides away in herself. She does not wish to be seen. Her feet point inwards. Her elbows; drawn across her. Her iPhone; held to her chin, headphones drowning out the world. She longs to disappear. She keeps her head down, but she is not sleeping. Merely avoiding being awake.
"It makes my heart scream to see you lot doing your thing,
King David was a Shepherd boy, God chose him to be king of Israel, but one day, when it was time for the kings to go to their works, He was at home, not doing his responsibility properly. As he watched out from his palace, he saw a beautiful woman called Bethsheba bathing, he let his servants called her, then he slept with her.
What if there was a fire inside the plane?
With short stories, I look for something different; something that stands out from the crowd. I like a crisp beginning that takes me straight into the story without too much waffle. I look for interesting characters that I can believe in and want to do well; and I like a satisfying (not necessarily happy) conclusion. Articles should entertain with interesting topics and personal thoughts; I don't like too many boring statistics unless they emphasise a point. I don't mind whether poems rhyme or not but they should 'flow' and sound good when read aloud.
Your third birthday: another year I tried to ignore, But when I lit the candles, thre weren't three, but four.
She’s just one of the guests who can’t come because of cosmic impossibilities. My next youngest sibling died the year before she did, and her grief at his dying helped bring on her own death. And then there’s my life mate. I doubt he would have come (he couldn’t the last time because of his own illness), but it saddens me that he doesn’t have the choice. Makes me even sadder that after the holiday, I won’t be going home to him.
Supernatural Tales: True Ghost Stories By Famous Authors
Professor: You can’t answer, can you ? Let’s start again, young fella. Is GOD good?
I see that most people of the past few generations know their immediate family, an aunt, uncle, cousin, grandparents, and a few close friends, But most don’t understand the importance of clan. Their circle is so limited that they don’t know about the extended resource that clan brings. How something that was originally comprised of numerous families as tribal relationships centuries and millennia ago, is still relevant to them, seems beyond them. But clan is important. It is so important that the structure still exists, but is usually only found on military bases.
When he is ready. When he decides that he can drive the car that he is given, no matter what he thinks is wrong with it, when he can make it last to the next cycle of pit stops without tearing it up, or voicing his frustration over the radio. When he can focus enough to not slide through the pit box, or speed on pit road. Deep down inside, we all want Dale Jr. to win. We all remember those old videos of him following his daddy around at the track, like a wide-eyed puppy, and being asked by reporters what he wanted to be when he grew up. The look in his eyes from then is what is missing now, and maybe if he can get that back, we will see him waving those checkers.
The other day I had a day out with Pam Garrison and Amy Hanna. I met Pam and Amy a few years back and every time we see each other we say "When are we going on a field trip together?!"....and then time slips away and we never get around to it! Finally, after a handful of e-mails back and forth, we planned to meet down in Orange for an afternoon of hunting for treasures.
I am enthusiastic about the fact that I am going to be exhibiting in a visual arts community and that my individual contribution will be unique, relevant and authentic.
However, when these things start to fade, we feel a sense of fear and panic come over us.
What Entrepreneur Chick absolutely adores about a service oriented business is that it is easier to maximize profit because expenses can be kept low, but all the while, the business will continue to grow and expand.
Anyway. Complaining in this fashion is very much like pissing into a strong wind. I may as well start writing up religious debates, pah.
The trailer is a bit wild, and actually doesn’t have as many jokes as you’d expect from a film with these two. Right off the bat I’m not a big fan of Galifianakis’ voice in the film, he comes off as too soft and sweet, but that’s probably the point.
OK, this will sound a little strange, but I almost choked up the first time someone used Quernus as a verb, as in, “Can you Quernus my beagle?”! So I’ve now started a campaign to add “quernus” to the dictionary to mean making something small (esp. cute) even smaller and cuter. Then I’ll know I’ve truly made it. Also I found out last night that I’m a Featured Seller on Folksy! I squealed quite loudly when I found out.
Poor Levi. I bet he rues the day he got involved with that bunch of grifters.
Capital Scandal
Stolen while our van door had been left open in the Walmart parking lot.
SLP noted that a public viewing of the project will start from 12 May and buyers will stand a chance to win a Volkswagen car.
I ordered several things today. Crib, mattress, changing table, glider, bedding, pack & play, and car seat. Can't wait to have a baby to put in them...
...Above all, we need to acknowledge and repent of our impatience as sin.
Friday night at The Metro was an intimate affair between a man and a woman. Two Perth singer-songwriters cracked open the guitar cases and played a set of personal and stripped-back songs with little more than an impressive stage set for company.
“you ready son?”
If you were to take a class named Wine Essentials, with the following description...
Well I'm kind of just testing this out... good-night!
But here's the thing: there's tons of poverty in Sweden, they're importing it by the bucketload. Whole suburbs of Stockholm and Malmo are virtual third world swamps populated by people who, despite insane amounts of money spent on their "assimilation", retain much of their African and Middle Eastern cultures, and particularly the more unpleasant aspects of them.
Sweet, pondering, not a boast
16 minute AMRAP:
The night before Halloween, giddy with anticipation, Henry asked me where "Halloween comes from." Taking a deep breath to allow me moments to think (all parents have been there before) I was proud, when in the depths of my cob web infused brain, I was able find some Halloween information.
Here's what you'll need:
the holidays came and went.
I guess my lessons are:
I work in the Creative Production Studio on Beauty, Home, Designers, Auto, Garden, Style and Stationery. I’m also part of the Type Team which handles all things font related. If I’m lucky and have time, I get to play in Fontographer to modify fonts.
“I don’t mind,” I said. I’d gotten up after the phone thing and rinsed out my mouth with mouthwash, so my breath wasn’t completely toxic.
And love, let’s remember, is definitely a gift. Except that I would further submit, we were ALL given the capacity to love and be loved. It’s not natural for some and unnatural for others. It’s a biological hard-wire for everyone but the most brutally damaged among us. We were naturally born to love, made for it. We are natural-born lovers.
On the other hand, with my mom’s family, we have our Christmas parties, Easters, birthdays and just random times spent together. We’ve always been an actual family with them.
He stayed with families of friends until he got kicked out of their homes too. He dropped out of high school, worked in restaurants and construction, stole from his employers, and spent all his money - not on rent and paying bills, but on drugs, alcohol, and girls. During this time, he met a girl named Kim who became a positive influence in his life.
After another room service feast, we slept late on our last morning, refusing to give up our romantic getaway. We checked out at the last possible moment – the boat was anchored, waiting for us – before heading back to the airport and on to Bali for the last week of the trip.
I believe that Salvation is the act of repenting and believing and accepting God's son.
1 tomato, seeded and diced (totally forgot this- you should put it in)
AWP: What is the last book you read?
Tweed and the others directly associated with the ring (chamberlain Peter Sweeny, comptroller Richard Connelly) needed Hall's charm to bedazzle the press and public, deflecting any charges of malfeasance.
you make current assumptions based on past behavior…making you subject to wrong conclusions…i.e., “if they did it before, they’ll do it again”.
T.T.F.N x
This is best photo I have of the dink, with Jon and Ben in the shot, and featuring that beautiful, clear, blue water.
Francis Cardinal George, OMI
As sales experts, we must all realize that even when an individual has Emotional Involvement as a strength, he is still a human being. A number of factors can still cause this person to become emotionally involved. Here are some:
Anwar finished and must have left. Could hear chanting BUKA BUKA BUKA. Suddenly saw frontlines moving forward towards Dataran just near where Anwar had been, and police RUNNING back. From our position it looked like they were really opening the barrier and letting the crowd intoDataran. Everyone near us cheered loudly and happily at this miraculous development!
After listening to a couple of sermons, the one he preached last Sunday, March 4th, entitled “Power of Your Visions,” is probably the best microcosm of his preaching from what I listened to. I want to list some of the things he said in that sermon and show just how far off from the Scriptures he is in what he is saying:
From a historical perspective, we might think of these transition events as the visible signals emanating from a slower-moving but also much-harder-to-quantify process of political and economic development that includes institutions at the levels of state and society as well as regime. Watching for patterns at this temporal and geographic scale is a bit like watching for climate change. The mechanisms generating the larger pattern are extremely complex and undoubtedly include elements of endogeneity, contagion, threshold effects, and feedback loops, to name just some of the possibilities. This kind of causal complexity makes it very hard to isolate the effects of specific variables, especially when the data we might use to test those relationships are often scarce or unreliable. And yet a pattern emerges. The production of greenhouse gases accelerates, temperatures rise, glaciers retreat, and species disappear.
and this looks like moonlight in your palm
copy of this, too. Maybe someone can print a copy and bring it to
Frost killing hour
After three home invasions and two shootings while shopping at their local mall, the family came to the end of their tether:
Plus vil que les voleurs et que les assassins,
Before he went to Camelot, Griffin told me it would be a boring play. I was surprised. "Boring," I queried? "Yes" he said, "It's a play about a parking lot for camels." Well, didn't I walk into that one!
Of course, in Holder’s case, it’s not the “soft racism of low expectations” – it’s a blatant attempt to circumvent legitimate new laws in order to facilitate voter fraud.
This is Etude House Dear Darling Tint in 03 Orange Red as a lipstain, with NYX Orange Lipliner and a random brownish orange lipstick on top. I applied NARS Laguna Illuminator on my cheeks under my foundation, then I later applied MAC Equilibrium Blush and Cream Colour Base in Seaside. Doesn't look like much here but it was a nice bronzey cheek in real life. :)
Even after this I still needed further convincing. it’s really difficult accepting that something you have known to be a fact for 20 years is not after all true! Luckily there was a TML shop 3 miles from home. So one afternoon I went in and they let me try on shirts in different sizes, 17, 16½ and 16 in both slim fit and regular fit. It was only after that exercise that I was able finally to accept that I had been wearing the incorrect shirt size for over 20 years. The good news was that I had now discovered my shirt size, and crucially knew my sleeve length. The bad news? Now that I had a few shirts which fit me well, all my older shirts suddenly didn’t fit properly. Moreover, each time I put one of them on I could see all the specific points which had been raised with me by that overly honest TML shop assistant. Luckily, I was beginning year 2 of my 5 year project so shirts moved up the priority list.
1) Would you turn to look at the burning bush?
It seems like a lot. There are 3 components to this cake. But they are all pretty straight forward and not too difficult.
That last self-deprecatory remark must be taken with a healthy pinch of salt, as anyone who's read A Rough Shoot can attest: it is as pure a thriller as a person could wish for. The narrator is the aforementioned Roger Taine, a Dorset salesman who rents 450 acres of rough shooting from a local farmer, killing game "purely for the pot". One autumn evening Taine is out on the shoot when he spies two men who he takes to be commercial poachers. Taine decides to teach them a lesson, and so from a range of eighty yards lets one of them "have a charge of No. 5 shot in the seat of the pants". Unfortunately, the man falls on a strange broad spike he'd been laying on the ground, and is killed. The man's companion flees, and Taine is left with a corpse on his hands.
Honestly, as we battle legions of ungodly horrors, the last thing we are going to be worrying about is if the few remaining moms are breast or bottle feeding. It’s really going to band moms together in a much more positive way. Do you really care if I’m not using attachment parenting or not if I’m willing to watch your back while our kids play together at the park? I didn’t think so. The main question between moms is going to be “Is your kid still alive? Yes? High Five!” Cooperation between moms for the survival of mankind, the way it was meant to be. Seriously people, will it take the dead walking again to get to this point?
And, on balance, I'm glad I did.
It is a rather long drive to Genga because of the mountainous terrain and we got lost quite a few times. The main issue being, that the caves are not in Genga, as Google suggests. No, they are actually 15min out of town. No drama then.
Scrapbook a little more.
She did as he asked. His tongue traced a line of liquid fire over her abdomen then down to her wetness, flicking her clit, teasing. Her palms became damp and numb from pressing them against her hips to keep from moving. Incomprehensible sounds escaped her throat. His tongue alternated between lapping inside her pussy and flicking her clit until she was ready to explode. She’d reached the point where she couldn’t take anymore when he took her entire clitoris into his mouth and sucked hard, slipping two fingers inside her at the same time.
The day started with a trip to the Santa Monica farmers’ market on Arizona Avenue. We arrived before the scheduled 8:30 a.m. opening, but some vendors were already set up and selling their goods. We browsed, then bought; browsed some more, then bought. Our loot included: honey dates from Dates by Davall, a handful of baby artichokes looking oh so stylish with purple streaks mixed with their green exteriors; two bunches of pink and coral gerbera daisies and a brown paper bag with chanterelles (yay)!
Up to this point in our caravan travels, we had not had any trouble with flat tires. In fact, except for one fairly minor windshield ding on one of the coaches, no-one had thus far experienced problems while we were on the move. Well, these two days going down, around, and back up to Tok changed all that! At least three 5th wheel rigs had trouble with flat tires, and a 5th wheel truck had its back window broken when the driver took a corner too sharply and the trailer edge smashed into the window. It was just one thing after the next! Roger was all over the place, coming to the rescue and keeping anxiety down to a low level - I'm not sure what we would have done without him. Spike was also very calm and, true to form, approached each situation sensibly and with safety as his #1 concern. Thankfully, the Trek did not experience any problems but we still felt bad for our friends. And you can bet I was checking our tire pressure every morning!
I have nothing against either of these people. My opinion of their work is based on what they have sent me. I hope their writing improves with practice, and I have agreed to continue editing academic papers by one of the authors so long as it does not interfere with my own school work.
Happy February 2nd!!! From what I heard today, it looks like 6 more weeks of Winter.
I was born anew but without the assistance of an adult to mold me and shape me, nor with the help of time to slowly let me develop. I had to just get normal and find myself all at once. I couldn't laugh anymore and I couldn't make other people laugh like I had been able to so easily before. I had lost my witty sarcasm and my silly perspective on life.
Artists’ managers are responsible for many things – the normal such as negotiating contracts and the abnormal – such as getting one’s client out of clink. Time to call the British Ambassador.
and say hello! When I am not obsessing over color and fashion,
Last Sunday, Dave Bergan, Lisa Brennan, Sheila Applegate and I were guests on Dr. Rick Wright's "Old Skool Sunday" radio program (Power 620 AM). We hung with Dr. Wright throughout the Community Hour segment of his show. Yesterday, I was a guest on Sheila's web-based radio program, "Enchanted One." You may listen/download the archived program. Visit: co-creatornetwork.comWe plan to continue using radio as a viable mechanism to get the word out about aaduna!
and warm your heart and home.
I’d like clean drinking water, please. WITHOUT having to buy bottled water, please.
Asa Philip Randolph (April 15, 1889 – May 16, 1979) was a prominent twentieth-century African-American civil rights leader and the founder of both the March on Washington Movement and the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, a landmark for labor and particularly for
So far, they have done background checks on the first nine and have reported that none of them have connections to terrorist organizations or drug cartels, which was a major concern at the beginning of the scandal since they had access to the Secret Service agent’s hotel rooms.
"Honey," Dad complains, "you know I can't eat those rich foods you eat."
I'm ready to eat even more meals with all locally-produced ingredients. The cleanse reminded us of just how much we can do with our vegetables. But I can't imagine eating this way to the exclusion of unagi (smoked eel in sushi) or Asian meals that call for imported spices, or cheeses and chocolate that come from Europe (although more and more raw, aged cheeses are being produced in America). We can't afford a whole lot of these which makes them that much more special when we do get them.
I normally don't like bean sprouts, it's so bland and boring - but it works surprisingly well in perfect balance with every other element here to create a dish that's nothing short of divine in taste and texture. The crunchy sprouts, yieldy glass noodles, soft fluffy clouds of egg and shred of dried scallop was made intoxicatingly fragrant with heat from the wok (that you can taste in the food) and the scent of black truffle. So simple a dish, yet so sophisticated and delicious. This was easily our favorite Chinese dish made with truffle, in recent memory.
State officials recommended that because of the dogs’ lack of vaccinations, they should undergo rabies testing, a process that requires the animals be euthanized.
The Raymond Revuebar, at the time, had novelty acts performing in its entrance area and Raymond effectively nicked the baron from Lincoln and started having wrestling bouts in the Revuebar entrance. Not only that, but he got the baron to train his cheetah to join the strippers on stage and undo girls’ undergarments with its teeth.
My youngest son Michael was sitting with me while I was coloring talking about what colors I should use and if the picture was looking "real". When I got to the apricot we both started to laugh, he said it kinda looks like someones butt and I agreed. Especially after I colored it, lol.
(This is at a family friend's wedding. My hair is soooo long you can't even see it all in this picture. BLAH)
Shamen Destination Eschaton UK
I am urging the parents of black and Latino youngsters particularly to not let their children go out wearing hoodies. I think the hoodie is as much responsible for Trayvon Martin’s death as George Zimmerman was.
The chapel is first mentioned in 1272 in an Assize Roll which records how five clerics helped a criminal escape from Newcastle Gaol - first to Jesmond Chapel and then to sanctuary at Tynemouth. Although the chapel was at one time in the possession of the Priors of Tynemouth, division of the manor between three sisters in 1333 led to confusion as to rights over the chapel and, at one time, three separate Chantries were maintained by their descendents; this confusion resulted in much scandal and damage, including stolen jewellery and chalices and in 1364, Edward III took claim. In 1549 the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle paid £144.13.4d to Edward VI to purchase the chapel and adjoining Hospice and in turn sold them to Sir Robert Brandling.
In a lot of ways, we’re in the same boat. We’re surviving as it is, but we can’t take on many more families.
Transfer the logs one at a time to a cutting board and slice the logs into 1/4-inch slices. Transfer the slices back to the baking sheet, relined with the same parchment paper, and bake them for 30 minutes, or until lightly browned. You want these to be crunchy, so don't be afraid if they darken a little. Just don't burn them.
BNM
AAM: We understand. And I will include the angelic realm. But before I do, I also want you to understand that there is the realm of what we call guardianship, protectors, both of the borders of the nations, of the people, but there are also legions and legions of angels. Think of them, “I have my legion of blue.” Archangel Raphael has his legion of green, of emerald. There are legions of angels that are available to you to help. That is their core, and that is what they are available for. And that is also true of our realm, of the realm of the archangels. It is also true of the realm of virtues, of dominions, of powers, of thrones even.
And it is, of course, wrong to cost all blame on outside forces. I keep a copy of John G. Saxe’s poem The Blind Men and the Elephant and realize how many entities within colleges don’t see the whole picture. Encased in silos with limited vision, they feel the tusk and sense a spear, feel the leg and imagine a tree, feel the ear and envision a fan. And miss the elephant in the room, which is that only by working together can colleges best serve their students.
So we started filming again with a new actor that is perfect for my green screen part and hopefully everything else it will be OK!
My husband was on a drug for about a year that kept him from producing sperm. It took three months for his sperm production to get back to normal after stopping the drug. That first month I could have gotten pregnant I did. I chose to have a "natural" miscarriage, meaning I didn't go for medical care during the physical portion of the miscarriage. In lay terms I aborted the fetus and other tissues at home without any help from my doctor. I could have opted for a D & C but I didn't want that.
UPDATE 6:02 PM: Also, if I talk about people whining and you think I'm talking about you, that may be something for you to figure out on your own without getting pissed off at me about it. Just a thought.
Brooks’ latest article addresses blame. Specifically, in the mortgage crisis, is the predatory lender; the irresponsible borrower; or the culture that considers irresponsibility acceptable the villain in this play?
I did leave with a bit of hope though when I thought about how they started last year. A 14-10 drubbing at the hands of the White Sox and an overall anemic opening series performance, which preceded a 30-15 start.
Here at my own home, I watched an unconsciously spontaneous evening of sharing unfold in my neighborhood, which is the purest kind of ritual. Unplanned and authentic. Advertisements and staged events pale in comparison to the natural way that natural humans have of just coming together, for no apparent reason than to enjoy each other’s company. No entrance fees are required. It happens all on it’s own, if we just get out of the way and let it.
In smaller bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Stir in poppy seeds.
When I stumbled across this procession last September, I didn't have a clue as to who or what they were. I just snapped some pictures because it's not every day that you see horses walking down the rue de Rivoli. Now, I'm rather pleased to say that I know that this was the first squadron of the French Republican Guard because all of the horses are light brown with light brown manes and tails. If all of the horses were dark brown with black manes and tails, it would have been the second squadron, whereas the horses of the third squadron are almost completely black. The only variations are the drummers, who ride grey horses chosen for their strength, and officers, who may select the color of their horses. You can test yourself by looking at the following photo. How many horses are from the second squadron?
“It’s Danni,” she snaps, irritable already. A witch doesn’t have much use for manners. Still, she shakes her head apologetically before she continues. “Sorry. It’s been a long day. Can you go get Wesdal for me?”
that believing it so
Contact the Library for a copy of this article
Time: 1pm PST
Unaware you’d leave so soon, we should have spent those days more wisely.
Basket
Amber color again for a Carolina beer. Light malt and medium hops. Some citrus in there and a nice bready aftertaste. Medium mouthfeel. This a good basic stable beer for everyday drinking... 3 Star.
Today will bring a trip to the post office, mowing, and getting The Outhouse Garden in shape...after years of neglect. I will show a pic when it is done and yes you heard me correctly, The Outhouse Garden. There is a story behind it that I will share when I show the pics :)
On the edge of his big boy bed, song book in his lap, one would think he was reading the words as he sat there singing to the music. Papaw and Mimi were very surprised at how well he had remembered most of the words … and even wondered if he had been practicing at home.
At first, I was right beside Mom, and she was talking with someone. Then suddenly I couldn't find her. I couldn't find her anywhere! Why were there so many people today? This wasn't much fun.
John hit the gas and pulled around the Cadillac before speeding east. “How far away is the motel?”
Now, that happened, several weeks ago (in point of fact, I began writing this particular blog post on February 11th....it is now well past that date) and I have since tried on the dress and, just yesterday, I scheduled my first two dress fittings!
La variable la plus importante dans la détermination de la consommation est le revenu disponible des ménages. Dans le modèle, cette variable est endogène et résulte d’un ensemble de composantes : la masse salariale, l’excédent brut d’exploitation (EBE), les revenus de la propriété, les impôts sur les revenus, les transferts courants, les prestations sociales et les cotisations sociales.
10/16 Denton, TX @ J&J's
I feel my writing is good and fair. I write at a reputable paper (never mind it’s a college paper; it recently won a general excellence award from the N.C. Press Association) that doesn’t need to pull stunts like Tweeting at athletes to get its great content to readers.
“The Wind Weeps. Andrea—the girl in the story—gets involved in a bit of a love triangle and ends up— “
On our last day we checked out and had a few hours before heading to the airport. We were able to store our luggage and hang out at the pool one last time. I can't say enough good things about this hotel, I absolutely loved it!!
2-135 3-spd powershift failed in a mud hole while spreading fertilizer.
Can you believe it; two books published by two different publishers within the same year?
Coping With Chloe was a delightfully challenging book to edit. It’s a novel about sharing a body which is actually more about the human mind – the mind of the narrator and the mind of the reader – and how and why we choose to interpret situations and experiences. Whether or not Chloe really is sharing Anna’s body, that’s up to the reader. The aim when writing and editing the book was that Anna and Chloe’s predicament could always read more than one way. In some ways, I think the paranormal/supernatural interpretation is easier for some people to deal with. The other interpretation involves facing difficult issues, issues that needed to be tackled sensitively and responsibly. We consulted a bereavement counsellor and a child psychiatrist on particular scenes in the book, and rewrote according. But I do hope it’s not too much of sad story. There is a resolution and a happier ending, honestly.
For my poor lips to tell.
But it's hard to maintain a solid défensé of thé McNugget whén McDonald's is trying so hard to dévelop thé world's first fatally annoying télévision advértisemént.
Here is the lovely Chocolate Glaze recipe I use on the Mexican Chocolate cake–or any cake. Or fruit. Cookies…Use your imagination–this goes with anything you want to douse with chocolate!
Make music for God, make music, make music for our king make music.
LaShawn – Man it was crazy. I didn’t know what my feedback was going to be from the stands. I didn’t know a lot about how my body was going to respond, so I just had to put myself in the moment I was in. I got there and knew I had trained well and was ready to run fast so I just executed my race – and I ran the fastest time in the world. I knew I was in good shape and ready to run real fast. When I got to the finals it was sort of a new experience because it was the first time I had not run several races prior to a Championship. I went out and ran but my body and mind weren’t in one accord because I didn’t have all the races behind me. I just went out and was leading and just got to a zone where my body hadn’t been in a long time for my body and mind to know what to do. I wasn’t in sync, body and mind. You train to be there and do this and I think that’s what took me through to that point. I’m thankful for having the opportunity to do that and run that well. I got second at Worlds and didn’t have a great race on a certain day, but it let me know I was blessed with a gift. So I have to go out and work hard to take advantage of that gift.
They play their souls like personal toys
N.
Thank you Mom for showing us how a husband should be treated and how to be a good wife.
“This is all well and good,” you may be saying as you slowly lose interest, “but what does this have to do with anything? Your title has nothing to do with the Romans.”
The next time that you’re In Whole Foods looking at expensive orgrainic vegetable crackers, and there’s this kid throwing gluten-free wafers around screaming about wanting his soy treat and honey wheat ball, listen carefully when the mother and/or father yell out to the child. Listen to the name. You will hear an example of a name that you should never name your child. Take note of it, if needs be, and create a list. Don’t limit yourself to Whole Foods. Do this anywhere. Anytime you hear a lame name come out of the mouth of lame parents scolding their lame child, write it down in your lame name journal for safekeeping, so that we can stop the cycle of insanity once and for all.
Golf is…not like that.
Because, I needed a mop.
-”I wrote those notes for my husband.I do that every day ..except today.”
Y’know, general weirdess that makes me wonder…
Love this paper! It's a little bit heavier, like a cardstock so it can take the mists and inks without warping. There are different patterns, but all are a white, or cream base. My big butterfly is cut from a die from Urban's Accucut collection at the store. I covered it with paper, stamps, paint, ink and tissue tape. I then cut out a doily from a Sookwang adhesive sheet, cut it to fit the butterfly shape, peeled of the backing on one side, and stuck it on the edge. After peeling off the top backing, I cut the center part from the backing and put it back on top of the sticky part, like a mask. I covered with fine bronze glitter, tapped off the excess, and then peeled off the middle part, covering with silver glass glitter. The other half of the doily piece was used on the left hand side. The other papers used were from Tim Holtz's crowded attic paper pad and Bo Bunny's Gabrielle line. The book paper butterflies were cut out using Urban's Cheery Lynn dies too. My flower was made from Webster's tulle and white tissue. Let's see what else... the mini letters were from Girl's Paperie and the little butterflies were from Pink Paislee, Ruby Rocket and Bo Bunny. The Black letters were from Tim Holtz. I think that's it!
This time we have a amazing wee prize up for grabs
200ml semi-skimmed milk
Perth has many sculptures, almost one on every corner. This one in front of St George's Cathedral on St George's Tce is a beauty. It is a very modern interpretation of St George and the dragon. It had a beautiful flowing form. St George's cape is billowing around his lance. The sculpture is named Ascalon after the lance.
When all of a sudden there was a loud rumbling of thunder, followed by an even louder rumbling. And then the rain started to fall harder and all I could think of was "that is exactly how I feel inside."
Ran in Target to pick up some base make-up, snapped these, before heading to the grocery store in my head to toes thrifted clothes.
The skulls are from the Dollar tree as well.
a ring for me with my august month birthstone "peridot" ..i am going to give him a stitchy picture..little bit stitching left on it..i wanted to make it in surprise..and during the holiday i didnt stitch on it..so it will be a late gift but i am sure he will love it..
The demons from below the earth’s crust are creatures that, for the most part, chose to remain under the surface and not walk in the light of the sun. Where the demons who became vampires are concerned they chose to hunt on the surface of the earth during the night.
Thanks for all your supportive comments on my last post...I am slowly trying to get around the blogs again....I miss you all.
A few of the comments on the Imperi-Ale 5.0 from the not exactly naïve quaffers in the room: a mildly sweet front end with a touch of melon flavor… A clean transition to a gentle bitterness… Moves towards a citrus/spicy note nurtured by a warming bready-toasty character of malt…. Finishes with a crisp melon punch and caramel sweetness, capped by a touch of lingering bitterness…
9) Audiobook of The Bride Collector by Ted Dekker
Kim and I were talking the other night and confessed to each other that we could still play Barbies. At least, we’re pretty sure we’d still find it to be awesome. She went as far as to admit that she searched ebay until she realized, “What’s wrong with me? What am I gonna do with a bunch of naked Barbies?!”
Personally, I like the position one of my colleagues took: Forget the copyright issue. The monkey should sue for rights of publicity.
1. Stars in Still Water
A special NABC Bomber sale:
Sometimes, there's a wave of laughter and smoke and sausages if there's a summertime barbeque happening. Othertimes, you can walk through the wafting aroma of someone's winter dinner, emanating from a warm house.
SCAL/MTC program
If you haven’t started thinking about the impact this first chapter is going to make, you better start thinking now!
I bought a Medium Upcycled Wool Cover from Sweet Violet's Mama and mentioned I'd like to do a reivew/giveaway (see below!) for her products! The Cover is made of a recycled Lambswool sweater with greens, golds, greys and blue zigzags. There is another inner layer of wool for added wetness protection. I really appreciate that Stephanie chose a coordinating color (grey) for the inner layer. Everything is double stitched for durability.
Soltan is being hailed as a “martyr” and “the face of the Iranian protests” by major western media outlets in emotional news reports such as the following CNN piece.
This is the type of book you read to escape in. The world-building was awesome and blew me away. I think the way the author wove in elementals with whales and a dream world was just fabulous. For me, the level of creativity in this book sets the bar for any other books I will read this year. Meet it and you will go into my 5 star hall of fame. Anything that doesn't live up to the level of this book just won't have the same impact or affect me as much as this book did. I could talk about it and give you details, but really more than anything, I just want you to experience it for yourself. I couldn't put it down. I haven't been connecting to most of the books I have been reading lately, and I was beginning to wonder if it was me. It's not. Because this book proved that it wasn't. There's just a lot of mediocre literature out there right now. You won't find it here.
Rob Leather
My sister, Liana, and her husband, Collin, were heading to Oahu for an orthodontic convention and we sort of invited ourselves along (first talked about last July!). I am oh so glad we did. When we first arrived we were extraordinarily loopy due to being so excited and tired. At dinner that night Liana got a big ol' salad that had big ol' slices of cucumbers on it, so of course the boys (ahem, Scott) dared us to fit the whole thing in our mouths, our attempts at this caused us to have obnoxious giggle fits for far longer than would be normal.
It didn’t take very long to pinpoint what bothered me about The Fighter. It’s David O. Russell’s first real foray out of black comedy – even Three Kings was funnier than it was dramatic, and its late-game stab at pathos always rang a little false – and the misanthropy he brings to the screen is out of sync with a film about a working-class loser made good. Russell does a fine, if somewhat rote, job with the central male figures and their relationship with one another, but with the women, particularly those of the Ward/Eklund clan, he displays his cruel streak, striking a sour note that deeply affects the film.
There is a poll on the Right Sidebar for you to choose......Ellie Mae, Famous or Alice.....The Poll will be up for 48 Hours.....Majority Rules, so make sure you cast your vote.......
Of course I had to get a few of the sweet stamps that were used and most everything I bought was geared to Valentines and spring cards. Hopefully I can get some finished and posted before the 14th.
Makes you realize why pick ups are such an obsession
The prepared food is being cooked by the former owner of the closed local bar. You have to have food in a bar. The Co-Op won’t sell beer even though the place is within the village limits.
Level 10: STR: +30, Increases your attack speed.
These twisted abortions from the dark side of the human psyche, know that their time is coming. They cannot change and they cannot go back, so they press on in the pursuit of the destruction of all that is good and beautiful. They press on in search of ever greater violations, of innocence and every residence where the finer qualities of the human heart, are barricaded and in hiding from their pernicious advance. There is no way to put a better spin on it at this time. One can only endure and hold tight to the inevitable certainty of their demise. It is in times of trial that those hidden strengths and enduring virtues, within the human matrix, are driven forth into heroic expression out of the desperation of the times.
But what about core concepts/a balanced education/learning history so it doesn't repeat itself/etc.?
So, we've been busy. With beaches, and parks, cookouts, friends and road-trips.
Yet we are next informed that because the city will not pursue an onramp to Highway 403 westbound from Main at Columbia College, “the implication...is that four general purpose lanes will be required between Aberdeen Avenue and Main Street.”
All of which makes me wonder why all of the yogis at Lifetime Fitness conclude practice by saying some variation of, “We finish yoga practice by saying Namaste, which means that the divine in me bows to the divine in you. Namaste.” According to Wikipedia, this is a modern extrapolation. Sounds like they have all been programmed by some yoga sensei in their corporate headquarters.
but most of all, let it be known, you placed your heart before that throne
My old IT teacher at college once told me something I have never forgotten:
This week has been filled with senior project work. Just a normal occurrence ever since I left you guys in October. It's been rough, but an incredibly fulfilling experience and I will be a bit sad when it's finally over come the end of February. I've learned a lot from doing this. I learned that not every team I work with will be filled with assholes and there are still people out there who believe in doing quality work. That my original chosen specialty may not be for me and that my place is within a different branch of programming. However, I think that the most important thing that I have gotten from this project so far is confidence in my own abilities. Allow me to clarify.
3. I don't smile in pictures because in previous pictures (mostly school pictures), I've been tired which causes my muscles to freak out. So when I'd smile for the picture, my cheek muscles would visably freak out. As a result, I formed a habit of not smiling in pictures, especially when I'm tired. My eyelid also twitches when I'm tired, as do my calf muscles.
around all year in my apartment
Knowledge is power. The simplicity of the statement conceals its implications. Basically, the more you know, the bigger your advantage; the less you know, the bigger your disadvantage. For that reason restriction and suppression of information is a very basic social control technique. Very basic and very easy given that control of the media has been consolidated into such few hands. Failing to consider the aims and effects of the overall media output, as well as its detail, is dangerously naïve. Even a cursory glance at facts reveals mainstream media’s worrying links, policies and agendas. Whatever you see on television, hear on the radio, or read in the newspapers has been, at the very least, allowed. More often than not though, it has been meticulously designed using principles of behavioural psychology and linguistics toward very specific aims. Put another way, if your channels of information are confined to those listed above, then your awareness, your reality, is being manipulated and compromised.
In that vein, I re-post the following with very minor changes:
Every Wednesday, I plan to post a look back at a place I’ve traveled, including some favorite photographs and memories. Today’s post is from my graduation trip to Greece in summer 2008.
There is a level of excitement abuzz at DaveDave that there hasn't been in a while. But this is not any level of excitement created fusing awkward potential life goals into a and followed by a "Dude, we should totally...!" No, nowhere near that. This is the kind of monumentus that allows me to create words like monumentus. Something deep from within that has been brewing (get it?) for some time.
to forget to be self conscious & timid.
I guess I'm not must of an adventurist these days either.
92. Email. Be sure you actually send a message, though, and don’t just forward jokes.
Edward Everett Horton Lost Horizon
I've always been very dismissive of camera phones and could never understand why they became so popular. The picture quality was consistently awful and transfering the images to a computer was tedious, but in spite of this many people still chose to record some of the most important moments of their life with photos that made the Kodak Instamatic look like the Hubble Telescope. Why?
The downside of course is the price. But if you're working in Manhattan and you're going to bitch about the prices, change jobs. And when you've got the best job in the city, a sandwich is a small price to pay for the feeling you get going to bed at dawn, knowing you have more in common with Batman at that moment than anyone you know.
"You can't expect this kind of treat every working day mind." Jay warns.
The week before I met Sarah Hayes at The Queen’s Hotel in St. Ives. Sarah and her husband Neythan only took on the pub last April but have already gained an AA rosette for their food.
Because it is true and it must be said,
Pull ups – 10, 8, 8
Now, I have some friends and family who are not sure about Christianity. I even have some that outright don't believe. And while I would take issue with that on any day, I will say this: The principals of "fathering" presented in this movie apply whether you are a Jesus following Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, atheist, or agnostic or anything else. This movie lays out the responsibilities of fathering. And whether or not you turn to the Bible for guidance, the fundamental responsibilities of being a father apply. Don't take it lightly.
Cry.
This week’s musing asks…
Stop Oil Companies from Using Oil Spill Cleanup Costs as Tax Write-Offs
- The changing seasons mechanic is not only great for exploration, but it also makes the game a real visual standout among other Game Boy Color titles.
Kate: Melanie Nilles is the author of a number of books, including the Starfire Angels series and the Legend of the White Dragon series. In the Big Awesome YA Giveaway, she's offering print copies of four books from her Starfire Angels series--Starfire Angel, Broken Wings, Crystal Tomb, and Origins of Dark Angel.
When we got on the river (Nanay convinced us that it’s too hot in the beach), he’s excited and anxious at the same time. Instead of swimming, he would sit on the stones and take a glance at everybody enjoying.
1.one day i hope to live in a big city to get the feel of a busy life style.
See you soon at :
Join us then! Let's have fun and share a "cup of coffee" ...
- with a sweet new set
I am channeling my best Jackie O right now, maintaining dignity in the face of tragedy, and emotional upsets is my game and one day with more valium and booze in my system Jackie shall be thy name! Or well alright fine, organic veggies, chilled water in a recyclable, reusable water bottle, and perhaps some double mint gum, met with fervor and physical and psychological health.
The individual mandate violates my birth right as a US Citizen. The Constitution stipulates that that the ONLY requirement I must meet to be a US Citizen and reside in the US is be born here. With the mandate, my mere existence in the US requires that I spend money where I may not wish to spend it. My only choices are penalties or leaving my country. That’s it. There is no middle ground.
And I need to work on my back and torso muscles. I do some fairly physical stuff in my working life, but those muscles a potter uses have been asleep too long. When I was a full-time potter, I was also a keen canoeist (kayaker), messing about in whitewater and sea-surf. And I swam every week. And cycled. All good for the back and torso. Arms are okay.
Next up, the rest of Madrid and eventually, the race!
Rudy's is a little overwhelming at first glance. It's set up almost cafeteria style but with three stations where you order your meat choices. When it was our turn: we already decided on ribs and brisket, we were helped by a young man by the name of Brad.
Meet John Doe
So this morning, while i sit home with the flu, on my vacation (so much for luck ;P )…
Clay pots work well for growing herbs inside because they drain well, and don't hold in the moisture too long like plastic pots tend to do. For smaller windowsills use smaller pots (at least 6 inches round) with only one herb per pot. If there is more room, such as a bay window, a 12 inch pot can hold several herbs. One combination that works well is a rosemary plant in the center of the pot, with two small parsley plants on one side and winter savory on the other. Another combination is a sage for the center and thyme, sweet marjoram and tarragon on the sides. These will grow well together and don't mind the close space.
Macaroni Pasta With Lobster Chunks
And of course, I miss my mom. That's her in 1967 or so. It feels like an extra kick in the pants that I miss my sister as well today. But I give that stuff a chance to well up and then it recedes; it's part of being alive (and still here!). Starting a couple of days ago, when I've been by myself and thinking about my mom, I've felt compelled to call out, "Ma!" "Ma!" And then I say something like, "I miss you and I love you". Not in a sad or questioning kind of way, but more like I want to tell her something. Funny.
Since we've been back our fan has been on almost non stop. I can say I've never felt heat like this.
Posted in Exhibitionist blog by Zachary Whittenburg
Nowadays, I think the answer to the question is this: calling in ducks and watching your friends and family shoot them while your gun sits loaded and unfired in the blind, spending time cleaning the house with your wife and daughter and everyone is happy and getting it done, watching your daughter's face when you give her her first shotgun, getting to surf, working enough to afford to your castle and your provisions, having a shoulder to cry on, staying in shape long enough to watch the new kid grow up and go hunting, having all your hair at forty, fucking like a champ, having a grown-ass man's club house of your own, waking up and feeling lucky, not feeling like you're lost.
Last year though, I decided to change my attitude.
2. In a small bowl mix soy sauce, sesame seed oil, Kim Chee Juice and sugar. Mix the sauce over the cold noodles and the mushrooms.
The LRM (Loiterers Resistance Movement) is a Manchester based collective of artists and activists interested in psychogeography, public space and the hidden stories of the city.
Good for 2 years. First up for the night is the lightest of the bunch (9.2%) - Amarillo - a Imperial IPA dry hopped with Amarillo. (it's also hopped with Saaz - I think they should have called it Saazarillo..) It has an aroma that you wouldn't really find in your expectations of an DIPA. Big aromas of dry Belgian spice, some sweet honeycomb and a lot of sour green apple skins. A truly complex beer for a DIPA. On the first swallow, loads of different things explode, you think sweet honeys and caramels, which changes to drying Belgian spice from the big carbonation. Lots of candy sugar and candy floss mask the big 9.2% very well making this one dangerous beer. It's quite fruity, lots of sweet pineapple and oranges. A soft floral body takes you away to a slight bitterness in the finish.
Hors D’oeuvres
you would step on me if you dared to try
If there's a better way than Amazon to reform New York’s previously unassailable quasi-monopoly and all the suboptimal business practices the monopoly has enabled, what is it?
On Monday evening a short walk with Bunty up towards Hips Heugh to check for Ring Ouzels, did not find the mark, but 6 Wheatears were a bonus, plus 2 adult Brown Hares and 3 leverets in one field. A Roe doe was flushed on the way up.
This explanation is dubious. For one thing, the gene loci are not the same. European skin has whitened mainly through allelic change at SLC45A2 (AIM1) and SLC24A5 (Soejima et al., 2005; Voight et al., 2006). European hair has diversified in color through a proliferation of new alleles at MC1R (Makova & Norton, 2005; Rana et al., 1999). European eyes have diversified in color mainly through a proliferation of new alleles at the OCA2-HERC2 gene complex (Duffy et al., 2007; Kayser et al., 2008; Sturm & Frudakis, 2004; Sturm et al., 2008).
So for Valentines Day I wanted to show him how much I love him. I do things in my love language as well to show him I love him. Like make sure the house is clean when he comes home from work, or let him have naps on his days off. Watching some documentary with him that when I would sometimes sooner be reading. ( but I really want to spend time with him doing the things he enjoys). So for Valentines Day as I wrote about yesterday, I did some baking for him and made him his favorite meal.
As the Super Friends continued, each year the production company slightly changed the format to make the series seem new every year, but it was a smart use of animation so not to completely reinvent the wheel.
Dear Coworkers that pretend you don't read my blog: The thing that I cooked in the microwave the other day that you were all drooling over is this recipe here. I think you should make it. It is healthy.
Oct 15-16 – CAWES – Bulletproof InfoTech
sea
The only thing that NGO consultant Sunali Advani wants to change about her home city, Bangalore, is its fashion offerings. “The stores here like to play it safe and there is a dearth of funky and experimental clothing. Also, it’s the local designers who get preference over the others. This limits my options,” she says.
Welcome to Philly Draw-A-Thon‘s official website! We are a passionate group of artists using our artistic talents to give back to children in need. Our upcoming event in June will feature a 24 hour “sketch-fest” of artists in Philadelphia who will all of the popular video game, movie, comic book, and cartoon characters. At the event, people may pledge to the entire group of artists, a particular artist, or to a certain character that they would like to see drawn. It’s kind of like the pledging system in a Walk A Thon or Relay for Life. All of the money we raise for this event through pledges and donations will be given to the charity Child’s Play, who is also acting as the fiscal sponsor for the Philadelphia Draw A Thon. Child’s Play takes all donations by providing children’s hospitals with toys, movies, and video games.
Same thing with ideologies: communism is wonderful for two people or more, who make a fully informed consensual agreement to pool their resources and reap the benefits from them (like couples do when they get married); and it is a fucked up ideology to force upon people who are not committed to contributing towards the resource pool.
PEDOBEAR SEAL OF APPROVAL. If there is any country in the world that could be called the real Pedostan, it’s Thailand, where even 50-year-old creepers from the West come on “vacation” so they can “groom” prepubescent girls into having squicky relations with them. You know why Berryz Kobo is doing a special live concert in Bangkok? Because Thailand has a higher ratio of Berryz fans per capita than any other country on earth outside of Japan. (Of course, they’re showing up about 3 years too late, but that’s beside the point.) In Bizarro Thai48-land, Erena Ono is the face of the franchise, Manami Oku is second in command, and Watarirouka Hashiritai is the most popular subgroup. Welcome to the froo-froo world!
didn’t used to think Wall Street was the greatest
3. With the orange marker, lay it on it's side to draw a beak and feet.
Hero of Sparta
On Tuesday 14th June we went into Vancouver city again and enjoyed a day of much walking about (good job h likes walking too!). We’d done enough city bus tours by this point so though we took a few pictures of tourist buses we didn’t climb aboard any this time. Instead we walked along the Waterfront and Coal Harbour areas – looking at boats and seaplanes and houseboats and public art. Then we wandered into Stanley Park, visited the magnificent totem poles, wandered some more and then took a regular bus (driven by the most helpful driver – he waited for passengers!) back into the downtown area. There we perused the hugely expensive central art gallery (wacky old surrealism exhibition, interesting new work by a guy called Ken Lum), had a cup of tea and waited for a guide.
But the more I learned about this Amnesty Day, the more I realized that it was a very strange amnesty indeed. The amnesty he granted turned out to be amnesty for himself. He wanted to assuage himself of the guilt he might feel at kicking blogs off his blogroll instead of granting amnesty to others to swarm across the border into his domain. "Everyone feels a wee bit guilty about removing blogs from their blogroll, so they're hesitant to add new ones to an ever-expanding list," he explained. So Atrios deleted his entire blogroll and disappointingly repopulated it for the most part with the usual suspects. Then others in the liberal blogosphere followed his example, including Jesus' General and PZ Myers at Pharyngula, who already takes a very Darwinian survival-of-the-fittest approach to blogrolling (see updates below). Then Markos at Daily Kos joined this ruthless bloodletting. "It sucks and it feels bad," he said, daubing the tears from his eyes as he typed. So the end result of Atrios' Amnesty Day was to make some blogrolls smaller and even more exclusive than they already were.
And you’re not here again
Cheese With Maria Loi Greek Herb Vinaigrette
“You can imagine a number of combination therapies that could be quite effective and could at least be used in clinical trials right away,” says Mikovits.
Lots of stamping, diecutting, embossing on this card. I absolutely love the fresh look on the card.
"Mummy, I need the toilet"
As I said, this is just a small story that’s part of a much bigger story. This was just one of many stories of miracle provision. But it also stands on its own fairly well. A Standing Stone to remember God’s goodness.
The blog post is a must read and here are a few quotations:
New Hampshire formed its own state government in January 1776.New Hampshire, one of the original 13 colonies, was the first state to have its own state constitution.
I used some cream acrylic paint that was watered down
Here are the lovely colors:
with Sonia Bragga as three different women: the real one,
Maybe the “uniform” wouldn’t be so bad, but it’s literally the SAME PAIR of capris almost everyday (is super comfy a defense?).
Celebrity friends of Perry have taken to Twitter to show support, including Kerry Washington and Oprah Winfrey:
Brian actively bullying his sister, unrelentingly, into towing a sense of a bizarre and alarmingly brutal 'Family Line,' which has never existed in past continuity.
15 Sherry Darling (4:57)
Second law of evolution of artificial intelligence: Architectures whose growth or extensions would impose exceptional demands on energy resources become unsustainable and are committed to extinction.
The blog post was legitimately about recognizing valuable business lessons from unexpected sources. In this case it was a lesson on having and executing an exit plan for your business. (See the original article for the full story.) Just because the teacher in the story happened to be a teen less than half my age should in no way diminish my real appreciation for the lesson, or be seen as some patronizing back-handed compliment. The reader’s comment took issue with the fact that I called the Bucket Boys “savvy”, and laid into me personally, suggesting that I wouldn’t have had a problem with the Bucket Boys if they were suburban white kids drumming in public, or alternatively that I probably wouldn’t want them banging away in front of my place of work or home.
Winning money sounds so much more fun than earning these days. lol
Do you know God?
Wind whispered over the stones of the old croft-house's wall above them. The building was ancient, an abandoned ruin even before the Realmcrash, its roof long since gone. If it rained in the night, they'd all get wet, but it had been a dry day, the cloud lifting as the sun set, and a cold night promised. Wet blankets would be unpleasant, but the wind had a raw edge that spoke in long sibilance of exposure and hypothermia.
This is called a 10-min. tablerunner, from that kit I won. Actually, I think they should name it 30-min. tablerunner, cuz it took me a bit longer than 10 MINS!!! :))) but I think the colors are gorgeous!
We made our way towards the cathedral, quite an imposing building, where I took a few photos, photography wasn’t allowed inside without a permit, so the stunning stained glass windows, will have to be imagined.
Worringly, Nadine has sent me some links to Lovely, Tasteful, Elegant Cakes, made by professionals. My inclination towards simple may look too plain, or just plain bad. But I’ll worry about this a little later.
She felt a magnetic pull. And a throbbing.
How many times to I have to buy this lottery ticket? Cough it up suckers!
At a previous night’s visiting hour, a snake in the grass called upon me. Bearing smiles, pleasantries and gifts of “Honey & Oatmeal” soap, my aunt did enter. She further her game of deceit by plying me with the gift of coffee. Poured direct from a machine, offering nought but “the best of in-cup preperation technology ensuring the highest level of freshness“. Luring my wits into a deep and false sense of security.
The thing I remember the most is how she just paused with her mouth open, ready to bite into the cole slaw, looking like, “What the hell is on my fork?” Well, of course, I died. The next day I saved the other claw for her mashed potatoes. I thought for sure she would test-drive her food before eating,
I'm using an angle grinder on this hunk of steel and its a lot of work! I finished the top off with several types of hand files. The horn is about 60% finished. Still a lot more undercutting at the horn and tail end.
So when you have a WDIDN moment, remember to take a few moments before responding so that you can help your kids learn through trial and error. Have you had one of those moments lately?
White Labs Abbey Ale yeast
Have I peaked your curiosity? Well, I'll let the picture do the talking...
What do I want you to think about when I write you something?
Helen decides to photograph the tiny restroom, and the boy promises to wait outside for her. Once inside, there's graffiti, as well as an odor that makes her gag. She opens each stall, discovering nothing in the first two. The third toilet is disgusting. Written in what I assume is feces, is the phrase SWEETS TO THE SWEET. Inside the toilet are a multitude of bees.
"The Baptism: Flannery O'Connor" was accepted into the SAAG National Show. I am very pleased because I was worried it wouldnt make it in. 143 pieces were selected out of 600 entries. If you followed the week of blogging called "The Process" you know that I hope to win a prize. We'll see. Now that it is in I can rework some areas I think are weak like her hands and the water. In general, just make what I already have be as good as I can get it before the judge sees it in person. That show opens in October.
Do you guys remember Uncle Hayden the debonair, swashbuckling fellow here at CultFit? Maybe these brush fires he started awhile back are still burning within you…THIS and THIS? He’s the one who will stumble down the stairs in the morning and urinate in your Kashi cereal while telling you how great life is…Yup, he’s the one who lets the truth fly around these parts. Let’s hear what he has to share with us today…
We start from 72nd street and walk to a hill called ‘The Knob”. On this day, April 3rd, 2012, we were almost at a full moon. The full moon cycle gives us extreme low and high tides. In the photo above and below, notice that the beach has been stripped down to bedrock. Come summer time, the sand will be deposited back – and walking this stretch of beach will take all of the foot, leg, and buttocks muscles a girl can muster. For today, it’s a pretty easy stretch.
A great deal of mendacity involves hypocrisy (and vice-versa) so the last 18 hours have been a joy to watch. For as first France and Germany fell out, now it seems that the EU has fallen out with Greece, while Papandreou has fallen out with his finance minister Venizelos. A multi-layered anarchy now lies ahead, with the markets confused, tired and cynical. For once, it’s hard to blame them.
She swam a little closer to the shore, “I could not bear it any more. I knew that I will have to talk with you atleast for once.” she smiled.
It's 3rd quarter at the FAMU-WSSU game and I've got some weight watcher points to spare, why not try an Oktoberfest.
The back cover of the book calls the authors my “new smart-mouthed girlfriends…” I’d call them foul-mouthed. To begin with I want to comment on the language in this book. They use various profanities throughout the book and they call the reader insulting names. (I’m not going to cite any specific examples as I’d like to keep this is a family friendly blog). I feel this is completely unnecessary and lessens their credibility.
A new laptop, just for her. Not for the boys, not for the business. Just for her. To write. Her husband had keenly rung around and Googled the best deal, and since opening the pristine white box she had barely said a word to him. Poor Tom, the thought bobbed around in her mind like a beach ball in a freshly vacated swimming pool. Fidgeting and ticky-tapping at the keys, sucking on a warm beer like a 17 year old. Tom, now snoring away in their big timber bed, mouth ajar, loyally keeping to his side although hers was vacant. She was too excited to go to bed, like a child not wanting to part with a new toy. The moment felt heavy; and now my life begins.
20th of October 2010
We’ve loved him as a narrator, a story teller, as a game show host, and now we have one more reason to enjoy Amitabh Bachchan’s awesomeness on the small screen. Bollywood Hungama recently broke the news that Mr. Amitabh Bachchan is going to be the face of the channel – Life Ok. Apparently, he will be filling in Madhuri Dixit’s spot as the channel’s narrator.
Eli and I stopped by their house a month or so ago. Papa Jack and Mama Jack love Eli. Papa Jack took the time to talk to him and arm wrestle with him.
Stage #4 – I “come to my senses” (to cite The Parable of the Lost Son!) and realize that my dependency on this love is not totally a good thing because it’s taking me away from making God my number one love source. But whatever. I don’t stop.
They are not finished here, but show the progress. I did all hand embroidery, where Val Laird's pattern as some really cute applique. I added beads and buttons to fancy it up a little.
I have sat in the waiting room during two surgeries. One for my mom (deadening the nerves in her knee so she wouldn't have pain) and one for my dad (gall bladder). That's enough.
So, as organisations like SETI and NASA broadcast information concerning our anatomy, biology, systems of government and languages into the void in high detail, please wonder, though not for too long, what harm that information could do if it fell into the wrong tentacles.
Good over Evil,
Beth’s Berry Muesli:
I started physiotherapy with Pan at Lotus Health Care Clinic. Pan is amazing. He is a very pleasant person too. He laughs at my corny jokes. The physio is extremely painful, however, it is working.
I've created several "real" scrapbooks in the past and though they are nice, there is only one copy of each. For example - My Mom has a book I created for her of her early years when she grew up in Spain and I did a book for my Dad of his life growing up here in the States. Each was a labor of love and is a cherished item in their homes; however they were extremely expensive to create and very time consuming with still only the one copy at each of their homes; so it's not as if I, my brother or the grand-kids can flip through them unless we happen to be visiting.
In Florida, where I live, a man in a long-sleeved shirt creates a stir. If he's in a business suit with necktie and polished shoes, the local television news sends an outside broadcast unit. Of course the climate mitigates against much more than shorts and a flamingo-print shirt, but still; we're a state of slobs.
If you click on the Perfect Layers ad in my sidebar you can order your own set of rulers.... use the coupon code nelrick5% at the checkout and you'll get 5% off your order too!! If you've been a good little paper crafter, maybe you can even ask Santa for this awesome tool for Christmas!
While I obviously felt many other things, namely relief, anger started to emerge as the dominant emotion. I saw Americans celebrating, showing their asses on TV, screaming at the camera with wide smiles and tongues hanging out like lap dogs, and generally... well, sounding ignorant.
Lambert's (2005) study also shows that both red-tail monkeys and grey-cheeked mangabeys retreated to the safety of dense vegetation to process foods that were stored inside their cheek pouches. Lambert posits that this is a predator avoidance strategy.
and material choice.
Albany, NY 12238.
Tell us about your favorite novel that you have written, and why it is your favorite?
- from above, John Hagelin, PhD
StudentAdvisor.com compared more than 6,000 federally recognized colleges and universities and post-secondary schools across the country in terms of their mastery of public social media methods, tools and websites.
I want to say, for the record, how proud I am to be included in P*Tag, the new e-book of poetry for teens, edited by Sylvia Vardell and Janet Wong. Proud because I admire Vardell and Wong so much for their energetic work promoting poetry, proud to have been asked by them for a poem, proud to be included with poets whose work I admire, proud that some of them are my friends, and proud that I'm involved in something that is (for me at least!) so new and interesting. Just look at the list of poets included:
C2 Peter's Clock
We enjoyed the Papal Visit oh but looking back
We took it out, but knew something needed to go back into that little nook.
As you walk the streets of Bangkok, you encounter street vendor upon street vendor of clothes and shoes - many not so great, but some quite tempting - in addition to the shiny malls and the small boutiques. I cannot even begin to describe the difference between Phnom Penh and Bangkok, two cities that are connected by a cheap one hour flight on Air Asia. It boggles my mind every time I step foot across the border. Geographically and even ethnically, the two cities are not so disparate, but they are years and years apart in modernity and infrastructure, in order and offerings.
He also realized it has been about a year since he set up the Big One. Here is a comparison of the tank from a year ago to now. My how it has changed! Keep in mind there were no fish in it when the first picture was taken, just plants. Now there are just under 20 little fellas swimming around in there, and about a bazillion little snails that only come out at night. This tank does a pretty good job of self-maintaining, but Greg still does frequent water changes. He’s done a good job of keeping up with them!
Michael Devine - My first experience with design came at a very early age. Like many people, I had two grandmothers that were both very handy when it came to creating things like clothes and accessories for the home. I was always fascinated by the process of creation. At the young age of six or seven, my grandmother Devine gave in to my pestering and started to teach me how to sew. From there I developed other interests in painting and crafts which I always rely on in my work.
There is potential in the style; it could be improved. Except... I think when the problems of texture and flavour are fixed, it stops being landbier and starts being Munich Dunkel or Alt. Or am I missing something about what makes the quintessential true-to-style landbier?
Through an aisle of waving grasses and woodland wildflowers, I approach the high bench where I plan to sit quietly for an hour or so, gathering scattered pieces of myself. Resting at the crest of a hill I sit overlooking Mt. Peter and Mt. Paul, twin mountains guarding the Thompson River which floats like a curled blue ribbon on the earth.
When I return, he has bought the store. We came for one item, to relieve one simple problem, and we walk out with a bag full of stuff.
Q: You aren't just a nonfiction writer. We met of course in a fiction writing program and you are a Jill of all trades. You were a boxer, work as a personal trainer, and write a lot about healthy habits. Can you talk a bit about that side of yourself and give us some links as to where we can find more about that side of you because I think that will be something cool for my readers to check out. I know I love the links and recipes you share on facebook.
- Isn't religion that thing that makes you believe? that thing that makes you feel alive? that thing that makes you a better person?
She finds herself inside a fireplace! Yes, correct! Inside those huge open fireplaces built as a cooking place, a heating place, a family storytelling place, the central heating of the house. The fire is hot; the massive chimney elevates reaching the top floor providing heating into the master bedroom and liberates itself all through the roof into the dark, starless cold night.
WILLIS BC, WORTLEY P. Nurses’ attitudes and beliefs about influenza and the influenza vaccine: A summary of focus groups in Alabama and Michigan. Am J Infect Control 2007; 35: 20-24.
While others were melancholy over my leaving, I was jubilant. Sure I'll miss the money, but having a vacation before school starts again is going to be great. I'll be back next Spring anyway.
So what do i do now??
If not now, then when? Really.
Back When We Were Grownups by Anne Tyler (2001)
However, restrictions are a necessary part of life. Individual liberty only goes so far and we can’t allow people to run around, doing any thing they want, all the time, regardless of who they hurt. That way lies anarchy and most people would agree that anarchy is bad.
Violet was as awesome and as badass as ever. Her scenes at the end were beyond amazing, and I was holding my breath for her. She's a great protagonist, and a great example of the badass female characters in YA.
Jesus, the Word of God, sealed the deal on the Father’s covenant. Jesus’ life was given to seal the Father’s Covenant that we might be saved from our shame, guilt, & misplace pride. And if we come to Him with an attitude of repentance we have entrance into His Covenant freely forever with a change of attitude and spirit.
Poor Sierra. I think that law enforcement (as well as the mother. The dad has no stink meter that was going off at all. He seemed very honest and disturbed by the nightmare he is going through with not knowing where his little girl is.) knows that she is dead. L E clearly have a lot more information than they would ever report to the press, but the fact that they are searching for Sierra in the local perk ponds and bodies of water near to the home, it tends to lead me to think that they are looking for her not for possible discarded evidence (ie: missing shoes or other items). They are looking for her body. They dont want to come right out and say it like that but otherwise, why would they be spending so much time and money on these water ways?
I note that Mr Kent is Minister of the Environment. One might expect that the Minister of Energy might have cozy relations with the Canadian oil patch, but the Minister of the Environment? I think Mr Harper should just “cut to the chase” and give Mr Kent both portfolios. After all, it is clear that with Bill C-38 protecting the environment is now a non issue. Why not combine the two ministries to “save money” and have Minister Kent receive the request to exploit oil or gas as Energy Minister, grab a coffee and mull it around in his mind, and then twenty minutes later sign the application saying there are no environmental questions or problems outstanding. This would both reduce the size of government and reduce red tape.
I’ve wondered about these very questions myself FOR YEARS.
Guajillo’s
"This year, as the proposed education budget moves through the process of scrutiny and approval, officials and taxpayers must be mindful of the hard work that has been masterfully done by school administrators and the school board to craft a plan that meets the district's needs at a very fair price."
I got kicked out of my grief support group. During the last meeting, the facilitator told us there was going to be a big influx of new people to the group, though why there would be an influx and how he knew this, he didn’t say. What he did say was that if we were able to function, if we were able to go about our daily activities, we were supposed to leave the group. He also said the group was too social, but isn’t that the purpose of a group? To support each other? We did talk before and after the meeting, but during the meeting, we stuck to the subject — grief — which was why we were all there. It was the only place we could continue sharing our sad tales and talk about what we were feeling. The rest of the world has passed on, leaving us alone with our emptiness and our tears.
"Jeff Wells, the main character, also learns why the plates are so protected," DesJardins says. "It's because they weren't written in Sanskrit, they were written in the ancient hieroglyphics of the Micmac Indians. And the plates aren't gold, they're copper.
When death takes a loved-one away from us, it is always terrible. It seems even worse (if that is possible) if they are taken away during the fall months.
Sadly the above story happens way to often. Pirates ruining the industry for all of us law abiding paying citizens. People losing jobs and customers never seeing their favorite products again. All because some selfish gamer doesn’t want to pay for his games. Now I know there are defences for these crimes so to give all sides representation I will address some of them.
and if you need me I’ll be there,
I personally feel its more important to have a sense of balance between what I do for the business and what I do for others. Its very easy to get focused on money and earning from your craft. But for me that takes some of the pleasure out, so I knit and crochet for Angels on Loan and run a knit and natter group, where I help out and teach others the basics for free.
Those who do make the calls could be in for a humiliating experience if they get a Senator or a congressional staff member on the telephone line who tells them they are wrong about H.R. 4089.
It’s the sense of perspective that makes all the difference in the world. Go and do the right thing and don’t fear man. As my wife reminds me over and over again:
Genre: Action, Drama, Sci Fi
She read a book called The Monk Who Sold his Ferrari by Robin Sharma. She saw what she should do and handed in her notice and started work in Kildare Village.
Are we meant to take more than we give, or are we meant to be kind
But what of my remaining bulbs? Any suggestions? Can I save them? There’s really no point in replacing them while these voracious monsters are still potentially in the garden.
Pirqey Avot: Pirqey Avot (פרקי אבות, Heb. for ‘Chapters of the Fathers’, but most often called ‘Ethics of the Fathers’ in English) is one of the tractates of the Mishnah, but where the other tractates deal mostly with legal matters, this tractate deals mostly with ethical issues.
If you would like to test your integrated network controller to verify whether or not it is good then you could do so by using a network utility known as PING. If you ping the network address of your controller it should come back timed out, or as a reply. If you receive a reply from that address then it is in use and working. If you get a timed out message then there is definitely an issue with your Network Integrated Controller (NIC).
Leaving aside the assertion that had I spent 20 years in Manchester which meant that, using the ages in the article, I would have been 11 when I left my family and moved there (and she’s already stated I grew up in Derbyshire), this was simply not true. It was made up.
My partner bought a bunch of smoked salmon from Costco and I was trying to find different ways of using it beyond breaking it up for fried rice. Trying to purpose the smoked salmon with things stocked in our fridge and pantries, I found a few recipes that required little additional ingredients. Most of them involved eggs and here is one of them:
“Oh c’mon, GB!” she pleaded. “Just one lil’ ol’ hickey on the side a mah neck. Momma’s waiting to get it on the camcorder.”
The foreman went away for a of couple hours, and, when he returned, the pile of sand was untouched. He asked the Italian, “Why didn’t you sweep any of it?” The Italian replied, “I no hava no broom. You said to the Chinese fella that he a wasa in a charge of supplies, but he hasa disappeared and I no coulda finda him nowhere.” Then the foreman turned to the Scotsman and said, “And you, I thought I told you to shovel this pile.”
Largely should you neglect hpv warts and leave them alone, they will at some point subside for the most part after a number of years. Should you just possess a few warts on your facial area or on your the neck and throat possibly, then you might choose to go to a dermatologist and get the warts zapped or frozen. Worst case scenarios for instance lingering warts and warts that grow in regions which can be challenging to reach such us underneath your fingernails or toenails then you definitely should see a skin doctor.
After I bought my HF200 camcorder, I decided to go on a well deserved vacation in the beautiful Bahamas. I loved shooting videos with it as it is so light and portable. I could take it virtually anywhere! When I got home, I connected the camcorder via HDMI cable to my HDTV, and I was delighted! Picture quality from the Vixia HF200 was superb, possibly BETTER then my blu ray DVD.
He almost leaped, as if catching himself. A black backpack tossed over his shoulder with one hand, and the empty tray in the other, he walked towards the cleanup line. I stood to walk with him, offering to take his tray, but he shook me away. His eyes flashed at me, young, intelligent, dark, proud, deep, spirited eyes. I felt small as a child, walking next to his wiry athletic frame. I surrendered my hands high and stepped aside.
As you can see, Aidan's cheese is very popular. By the time we got to his booth, he was sold out. So I tucked into the samples. I was very happy.
Can be trained
The other day I came across these amazing photographs in Vogue by New York based photographer Martin Schoeller.
3 Finish what you’re writing. Whatever you have to do to finish it, finish it.
The Perpetuation of “A’int Shit Niggas”….
Nothing! Don't write about yesterday's hot topics just because they were hot. If you must use them, do it because you have a passion for the story and can write about it well. For no other reason. Certainly not because they were hot once. The market is flooded with vampire stories, so if you're going to write another one, better give it a new twist.
Book Watch
And then, yesterday it happened. It must have fallen off of the shelf by my printer and been rolled over by the wheels of my desk chair. One side was bent all the way up under the face of the ring. I tried in vain to stretch it back with a pair of needle-nose pliers, but alas it snapped!
But when you believe the lie that it should be easy… you’re more likely to panic when things get uncomfortable… and you find out that losing weight is not easy at all.
Today I am twenty seven and still live at home and likely will for a while. I don’t drive and have never had a job before. I am currently on SSI for my Asperger’s and Anxiety. It took three tries to get it. I actually remember being told if I was pregnant I could get help.
That the film eventually provides a supernatural explanation for all these odd occurrences and acts of violence does little to resolve anything. Argento is so good at whipping up an atmosphere of edgy, all-encompassing dread that harnessing this aimless terror to concrete causes is somehow unconvincing. The film never seems to be actually about a coven of evil witches who run a ballet school, even though that's a fair description of its plot. Suspiria is rarely constrained or dominated by its plot; at times it seems almost plotless, more of a mood than a story. That's what makes it so affecting, so unsettling. In typical horror movie fashion, it wraps everything up in the end, driving the protagonist towards a confrontation with the evil lurking within the school. But the operatic excesses and flashy violence of this denouement do nothing to ease the sense of unmotivated fear roused by the union of Argento's visuals and Goblin's music. In the final scene, Suzy grins with relief as she rushes out into the rain, mirroring the stormy opening scenes, but the unease generated by the film lingers well past its supposedly happy resolution.
Bundled like a baby and I’ll forever be your sitter.
Yes, these are trying times where we all have to "stick it out", and with our assets having been exposed to some of the worst inflation in ages I guess we all have to put some of our usual frivolities behind us. Cut costs since the bottom has been falling out of most of our financial investments, and do with a little less until we can put the current recession in the posterior. As for me, I've been saving a few centavos by attempting to cut back on my grocery bill, like eating my burgers without the buns and there ain't gonna be any rump roasts around here for quite awhile! It's gonna be quite a few moons until I can afford that house I've always wanted with a southern exposure, though I guess that plan will undoubtedly have to be put on the back burner.
One particularly joyful reminiscence of those high times is from 1972 when Unkgee pulled the van into New Orleans for a Tulane University show opening for Johnny Winter. It was raining, and we were cold, but our hearts were quickly warmed by the capacious hospitality of the promoter, a rotund Bossier City-bred cracker by the name of Sergeant Roofus Boudreaux.
As it turns out, I had dodged a bit of a bullet, as I found out that virgins are subject to humiliation and ridicule (my research had not given me an adequate understanding of this aspect of the Rocky Horror experience). This group of virgins was so large that they weren't able to be humiliated on any kind of individual level, but we sure did point and laugh.
but this is a very surprising turn of eatery-event because for 40 years I have declared
I promise I'll share when they arrive!
Maybe it effected me a little- or maybe I'm and idiot.
Ache beauty babe
as well as a manor of thy friends or of thine own were;
Okay - this is one of the reasons I could NEVER be a police dispatcher because I would not be able to contain my laughter at people. I would probably have also had to ask this lady, "Ma'am are you serious? It is snow! How the heck do you steal snow? Seriously? What is your address so I can come slap you for tying up the lines and preventing people who need real help from getting through."
Psalms
Ft. Douglas – This “inactive” military reservation has a renovated WWII concentration camp.
Lancelike your courage, gleaming swift and strong,
Choose your sunscreen wisely: Avoid any sun block with the vitamin A derivatives “retinol” or “retinyl palmitate”, PABA, parabens, oxybenzone, avobenzone, octisalate and triethanolamine.
Beer.
The band made its film debut in the Bob Hope - Jackie Gleason comedy vehicle movie How to Commit Marriage (1969) and really shines in the film as a psychedelic-hippie rock band associated with the young people in the plot of the story. This fantastic group did a wonderful music video-style presentation in the film, performing their charming hippie anthem, A Child's Garden.
With the help Broadband connection, one can access Internet without an interruption. There are fewer problems of disconnection so there is no need to log on every two or three hours just as the case with dial up connection. Since there is no ‘per minute’ charges, it can be just left on. Unlike dial-up connection, your phone line will not be too much engaged while you are working on Internet. This is made possible by the filters that split the phone line for sharing the same connection. So, you can make and receive voice calls as well as surf the internet simultaneously.
Hope you are having a great spring break too. Get out there and enjoy the season! xo Carolyn
Change is always happening and theres’s a choice I meant two. You can give birth to change or die from the change around you.
Noonan, in a clearly more domesticated sense—and it would have been interesting to see a more ambitious reforestation of all of southeast England in these images—has illustrated an economically useful version of Jeffreys's eco-prophetic tale.
Gregory: you all are going to split
On the beer update front the only beer new to Austin I have purchased and consumed in the past week is Decadence DIPA by Ska Brewing.Not too much to say about this beer. The hops were a weird mix of grassy citrus and pine. The malt base was fairly strong and a fair amount of caramel seemed to overwhelm the hops. It had a kind of Imperial Amber quality that I tend to like...but not when I'm looking for a DIPA to melt my face off. Given the fact that I purchased it looking for that face-melting hop quality...I was a little disappointed. I think this beer rang in around 6 bucks, which made it taste better than if it were say 10 bucks, but I'm not sure it's worth a repeat purchase. I have had this beer before at a tasting and don't remember it standing out then either. Ska brewing has continued to underwhelm. DO NOT waste your time with the Ska Blonde and the Pinstripe Amber is definitely a middle of the road amber at best. We recently added the Amber to our beer line-up at work and I have expressed my disappointment to the bar manager. Alas I am still a lowly intern/line cook so my opinion means very little. Such is life. Verdict is that the Decadence IPA is certainly worth a try at the price point.
Any how I hope this gets through…
She feels an odd sense of pride that the painters should have picked her backyard and patio as their lunch room regardless of which house they have been working on. They had 12 houses to choose from. 12 more or less identical backyards and patios to choose from. 12 houses with roughly the same view. 12 houses without other differences to them than the people who live in the houses and their perceived reactions to four paint-spattered guys making use of what they consider as their 'property'.
His performance was risible, the nasty venal little coward.
Tweedledee and Tweedledum are not far from tramps and prefigure their modern counterparts Estragon and Vladimir or Clov and Hamm. Their verbal exchange only points to the difficulty of codifying possible meanings and, like Beckett’s characters, they seem to have no society, no history, no occupation, no real personality or identity except their names, and are very dependent on each other, which mutual dependence only helps to generate incomprehensibility and indeterminacy.[3]
*Mist fills the room. The Riot squad guards stamp their feet once, raising their arms in salute, as Pendragon enters the office.*
- Patent-pending soft, adjustable carrier handle
Thank you so very very much for all of your prayers and support throughout this nearly 5 year journey we couldn't have done it without you.
for the ample dinner parties I’ll throw
I look forward to hearing your thoughts!
Corpus Christi, TX
Preheat oven to 350-degrees. Combine cornbread mix, 3/4 cup grated Pepper Jack cheese, and chopped jalapeno in a food processor bowl. Add butter, and pulse 5 to 6 times or until crumbly.
Lt. Peter L. Freund, 45, Westtown, N.Y.
These type of people often measure love on how a child perform and measure up to their father’s expectation.
Taking the mug up into your hand, you inhale slowly, allowing the drink’s succulent aroma to flood your senses with a sundry of cloyingly sweet notes. The sultry essence of spiced pomegranate, laced with saccharine undertones of rich caramel, washes over your palate as you take a long sip of the ale. Lingering hints of black cherries and traces of bittersweet cranberries cut through the otherwise sweet libation before fading into a smooth and dry finish.
here is the envelope--used my handy dandy fiskers edge punch that I love so much and a strip of the same pattern paper--I was using as many scraps as possible.
Dad is generous to a T; he has graciously helped every member of our family. It is impossible for me to thank my Dad enough for all he's done - the only way I know how is to live my life as best as I can, and to dedicate my achievements to him. If could ever achieve ten percent in my lifetime of what my Dad did in his - given his humble beginnings - I'd probably be Prime Minister of Australia by now.
On Arguing
I certainly never confused what I did with brain surgery. A couple of people I've come across in the last few days in the customer service industry are under the delusion that what they do is.
and orthodox. Realignment, however, is what they expect to happen to the church scene under the pressures of accelerating compromise with the moral standards of the day. They suggest that there will be four main sectors, a resurgent Catholicism, a disestablished Church o f England o f mainly evangelical Anglicans, a theologically liberal Free Church and a network of believer baptising, charismatic streams. Renewal they see as being at a cross roads, the future depending on the readiness ofolder leaders to provide opportunities for their successors to emerge. Revival is recognised to be beyond our control, although if it comes British evangelicals are seen to have a potentially pivotal contribution to make.
TYSA’s community feedback approach preceded the GlobalGiving storytelling project. Gichuki actively partnered with GlobalGiving for storytelling because he saw it aligns with his existing system. When problems arose for TYSA’s kids that were beyond the scope of sports, school, or what parents could do – he reached out to the community and formed groups. Some village elders became community mentors, men and women that the youth could talk to about problems, and who could also be a bridge between the children and parents.
"I love you." The phrase is pleading. Please, don't do something stupid.
"The number of fines issued on the DLR have increased from approx 15,000 in 2007 to approx 17,500pa in 2010 but – and it’s a big “but” – the number of passenger has also increased from 65m to 75m. So fines have increased but only in line with passenger numbers. These fines are also not pure profit as there are substantial costs involved in mounting ticket inspection operations.
Not that anyone did.
It's that simple! Come back next Monday, May 14, to see if you won!
Blessings to you all and thank you for keeping us in your prayers always!!!
The motor has a stealth-grey matt interior, which contrasts with the high-gloss piano-black exterior detailing and black forged-alloy wheels with rose-gold accents, which go with rose-gold highlights inside. Gorgeous!
5. How many models does it take to change a lightbulb?
Pure stoles to be worn by the Feast;
"Hello, my name is Donna and I am an insecure writer." There, I said it. Did it help? Not really. I think insecurity is an important characteristic. No, really, I do. Well, at least for me it is. It keeps me striving to do more and to do it better.
With brown yarn, chain 315. This will be the base chain that you sew the leaves and acorns to.
And Duster and Tex give Gary Busey a call to find out how their counter-suit is looking against the TSA!
In a separate bowl, start to whisk the egg whites. Gradually incorporate the sugar while constantly whisking. Whisk the meringue until you those stiff peaks appear. Stir in about one-third of the meringue into the batter to loosen the mixture. Fold in the remaining meringue.
It has been a little over a week since I shared my story of PCOS and asked you all to hold me accountable for getting my act together. I have to say I am 100% touched by all of you, my most amazing friends. I had several people I haven't heard from in a while send notes of encouragement and love. It is truly inspiring to know that so many of you are currently or have been in similar situations and have won.
Funding is most assuredly an important piece of the puzzle most of us face each day; however, money can be limited in its availability without being necessarily limiting to the pursuit of one’s happiness. Options are essential but, let’s face it, nobody’s options are boundless. All of us, regardless of our cognitive or functional abilities, face an array of life options that are defined (one might say ‘limited’) by our income, geography, health, family, the communities in which we reside, and a host of other factors. Yet somehow, even in the midst of all those ‘limits’, we reach a point we call quality of life. And if we don’t like where we are, we make changes within those limits and find a new place.
Folic acid interacts with Dilantin (a brand name for phenytoin sodium), as well as other anticonvulsants. Large amounts of vitamin C taken within an hour of vitamin B supplements will destroy the cobalamin component. Niacin may interfere with control of blood sugar in people on antidiabetic drugs.
The campaign proposes that the Internet, supporters of the cause the following message to send to the Minister of Justice of Brazil, via email, text or share on Facebook: "The isolated Awa are fleeing for their lives as loggers, ranchers and settlers invade their land. Please use your authority to remove the invaders and keep them off the ground forever. "
Fook Yeung passed away the evening of April 23, 2012. Our hearts go out to the family, friends and martial artists who’s lives were touched by this man.
Moon River Brewing Company Black River Imperial Stout
Note: If you're getting nursing bras/camis, look for ones where the strap is attached to the front of the bra somehow. I don't know how to explain this well, but if you unhook the bra cup and the strap isn't attached to anything, it will fall down your back sometimes and it's a pain to try to fish it back up. Some (maybe most) have an under layer that will keep the strap in place. This is pretty much impossible to explain in writing. Just read my mind and know what I mean, please?
There was Shirley, and Cecil, Jeffrey and Oren,
Luckily in his enthusiastic state he found out the same of said awesome sauce, and our love affair with Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce began. Thanks to Ramon, chili sauce veggies are a standard weeknight dinner around our place. Sometimes I add rice noodles and bits of mango, sometimes it's just a big mess of eggplant in a wok. It sort of doesn't matter, you could drink this stuff out of the jar. It's quite sweet and not that spicy, great with pork or chicken and a squeeze of lime. The discussion usually goes roughly like this:
with the sudden wind. If there is something to say,
The crashing sound of falling rocks echoed down the narrow slot canyon and the three of us just stood there staring, trying to see beyond the fallen trees and past the sheer walls that stretched up for what seemed like hundreds of feet letting a narrow path of sun and sky through. We knew this couldn't be the right trail, and we had probably known for about an hour as the trail became a stream, then a wash, then boulders and fallen trees covered in snow and then tracks of large cats. We turned at that point. We weren't lost, we knew exactly how to get back to a known point of reference a long 5.5 miles back and 6.5 miles into the Zion Traverse route, but we didn't really know where we were, and the threat of a rockslide in a narrow canyon seemed like as good a point as any to re-trace our steps to a familiar reference point. We had ran, hiked, and scrambled 3 hours and 11 miles off course, and as we made our way back to the 6.5 mile marker where the La Verkin Creek trail becomes the Hop Valley Trail. The sign was there, clear as day, "Hop Valley Trailhead" with an arrow pointing up the hill. We had all missed it in the excitement of the early part of the traverse. Earlier that morning, I had pointed out a sign that read "Park Boundary 4.5 miles," and that should have been our first clue, our first sign to slow down, take a long look at the map and assess the situation. It's hard to do that on a run, it's hard to admit a mistake and the deeper and more compounded the mistake, the harder it gets to admit that we were on the wrong path, that we needed to turn and re-trace the hard-won trail miles.
Well I have tried to taste the rainbow in my life
622 D-I/28/1972. “The Pentagon Papers, the Courts, and a Sense of Proportion.” Hillel Foundation Jewish Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Line a fluted tin with removable base with the pastry - cover with baking paper and then fill with cooking beans/weights. Blind bake in the oven at 170°C for about 10 to 15 minutes.
Ron
this imperative we can’t escape.
We have some BIG news in the next week or 2 including a better shop so its easier for you to browse to your hearts delight :)
Remember, if you are not relevant, you are not what?
Rowing across the Atlantic may have yet to qualify as an official Olympic sport, but it would be nice to think that their success will be an omen for more medals for our competitors later in the year.
Matthew McBain and Christopher Crawford said Michael Sona talked about “calling electors to tell them their poll location had changed” and “making a misleading poll moving call,” according to Matthews’ court filing.
So … here comes December. The chaos and misery of Christmas. I hope you're ready. I'm feeling grouchy and sweary already.
- 1/4 teaspoon finely grated lime zest;
An added benefit to using the envelope system is that we wind up with change from each category. I usually leave the quarters in the envelopes for the next time around, but the smaller coins go into a jar that we’ve earmarked for something special. It adds up slowly but surely. When using the debit card, we really didn’t do anything with the change except continue to spend it willy-nilly.
I think one problem is that we have enjoyed being with our children for so many years that it is difficult to let them go. We have allowed them to make decisions, but only within the context of things we can still control. When they become teens and need to explore life alone, we don't know what to do without them. Perhaps we have become dependent on them. Hmmmm.....
“You’d better, else your head won’t long be attached to your neck.”
The Hare Krsnas were not the only spiritual presence at the Festival that weekend. The Methodists also set-up shop, erecting a tent near the stage, from which the minister preached to his share of the 30,000 concert goers. He reported that “Quite a number have talked to me about their personal and philosophic problems.” Of course, the most potent spiritual medicine was distributed to the Hollywood assembly by way of the chanting of the Hare Krsna Maha-mantra. Devotees also distributed Srila Prabhupada’s transcendental books to the crowd. (You can just make out the picture of Srila Prabhupada’s face, wearing his swami-hat with the ear flaps, on whatever literature the devotee below is carrying.)
Looking forward to the first book in her new vampire series, Vampire City!
We are going to Vienna next month. I haven't been there since I was 17. I am sure it survived without me.
Sat, 8:36pm: Merde. Ghana scored.
The most widely recognized cold cream is Pond's (mine doesn't say cleanser - just cold cream). I bought it on sale for about 6$ the other week:
No pills, no foul tasting sprays, no uncomfortable devices and no sticky strips to stick on your face. Simply put the patch on your pillow and breath in the blend of essential oils.
Sex is very important to Luke, so much so that he sleeps with one man because the man he really wants isn’t available. And that is so something I would never do.
The bathroom is just another room in my house at the end of the day.
I am liking the vertical lettering on this one
C# Desired 5 Years 3 – Expert
Story: (4/10) – Wrath’s story is bland, bland, bland. There’s no character depth, there’s little in the way of surprises, and the story basically just feels like a backdrop to create the action, with the action and effects always seeming to be Wrath’s first priority. The movie takes place a whole decade after the conclusion of Clash, with Perseus raising a son, Heleus, after the death of his wife, Io. Perseus and Heleus are living peacefully as fishermen, until Zeus visits Perseus one night, begging for his help. The gods are rapidly losing their powers, since people are praying to them less and less, and this weakens the seal on the titans, the gargantaun divine powers that came before the Olympian gods. As if that weren’t enough, Zeus’ brother, Hades, and his other son, Ares, are trying to take advantage of the situation by freeing the titan that fathered Zeus and Hades, Kronos, having him lay waste to the world and reclaim it for the titans, with Hades and Ares promised to be spared. After Zeus is captured and drained of his lifeforce to speed up the freeing of Kronos, putting the world at risk, Perseus has no choice but to journey again, reteaming with Argonian queen, Andromeda and fellow demigod, Argenor to seek a hidden weapon capable of defeating Kronos, while at the same time trying to race to Zeus and reclaim him before the massive titan is freed. Yeah, it’s not a complicated storyline, but again, at least the title makes sense now, since titans were never even mentioned in Clash. The plot isn’t really anything exciting, and it pretty much unfolds exactly the way that you’d imagine. As a sequel to the original, it can also sometimes be too gritty for its own good. Like Clash though, you don’t see Wrath expecting an outstanding plot.
Gross Domestic Product (nominal)
Two weeks ago, I was out, quite literally, pounding the pavement in my neighborhood. I've been training for quite some time now to do a 5K in Disney World this fall, specifically, in the Animal Kingdom. I thought that since the 5K would be outside, maybe it was time to mix actual outdoor running in with my beloved treadmill at the local Y.
One of the best things during camp is the food. They really delicious and also the juices.
Love of ones country, ones culture and ones people is only accepted as anything other than hatred if all three are viewed by the lover as being fluid, inclusive and ultimately disposable.
This week's selection of Paranormal Perfection is Fateful by Cheri Schmidt.
So, in summary, I would not advise condemning Christmas as being all bad, but we should be careful not to fall into any of the traps which are commonly associated with Christmas either. Above all, whatever belief you might hold regarding Christmas as a holiday, take some time to contemplate how Christ humbled himself and took on flesh in a fragile human form, so that one day he might be broken for our sins. And then thank him for it.
AND okay, this wasn't really "junk" but it was a bargain. $20!!!!!
Worsted weight yarn, 2 colors. I used I Love This Cotton (blue) and Red Heart cotton (white)
Yet if that is so, then several of the most prominent Holocaust historians could be regarded as “deniers.” Professor Raul Hilberg, author of the standard reference work, The Destruction of the European Jews, does not accept that six million Jews died. He puts the total of deaths (from all causes) at 5.1 million. Gerald Reitlinger, author of The Final Solution, likewise did not accept the six million figure. He estimated the figure of Jewish wartime dead might be as high as 4.6 million, but admitted that this was conjectural due to a lack of reliable information.
Musicians whose art will be featured in the auction include The Protest Issue’s cover stars R.E.M.’s Michael Stipe, Modest Mouse’s Isaac Brock, Death Cab for Cutie’s Chris Walla, The Decemberists’ Colin Meloy, and Spoon’s Britt Daniel, as well as Billy Bragg, British Sea Power, Built to Spill, Jarvis Cocker, Death Cab for Cutie, The Dresden Dolls, The Duke Spirit, Elbow, The Flaming Lips’ Wayne Coyne, Fleet Foxes, Foals, Michael Franti, Sharon Jones, Talib Kweli, Jamie Lidell, Metric, Moby, My Morning Jacket, Neon Neon, Noah and the Whale, OK Go, Peter Bjorn and John’s Peter Morén, Public Enemy’s Chuck D, Rage Against the Machine’s Tom Morello, Rilo Kiley, Rogue Wave, Shout Out Louds, Stars, St Vincent, Supergrass, and more.
This album has become one of my favorites of hers. I just love the lushness and simplicity of the arrangements and instrumentation, the coloration added by the stray jazzista solo. A violin solo here, funky organ chords, trap kits played with brushes, and a voice like velvet. It's quite possible that the estimable Walter Wanderley is on organ here too. A repertoire that covers some classic composers of Brazilian romantic song and samba canção, bossa nova, and music from elsewhere in Latin America -- her recording of "Quizas, quizas, quizas" was actually among the first handful of versions of this song that would end up being recorded probably hundreds of times (including many anglicized versions) The album closes with one of the most poetic tunes in the Brazilian canon, by the master of 'seresta' ou 'serenata', Silvio Caldas - somebody whose work I have really been getting into: "Chão de Estrelas" was his signature song and a master composition, and Maysa gives it a royal treatment here.
and change you: bluesy, fly-by-night,
Both of my children know how to make my hurt go away.
Singapore will host the 13th edition of IIFA, which will have fashion shows, a musical extravaganza, and all the celebrations culminating into a glittering awards presentation ceremony.
I grew up not following traditions, like the aforementioned celebrations. We did not have the financial means before, so I got used to it. Last birthday “party” I had was when I was 5. Then life caught up.
I've been quiet of late, but believe it or not I've been gaming my Butt off! Woo Hoo!
Interesting how it is those with Money, who are comfortable with their lives that are making such decisions and deciding “what is best for all ” I mean, please…It makes sense that Politics has become such a theatrical display – Because to the ones with Money – there really is no urgency at all. They have money. They have access to what ever they want. This is why they do not even bother to ask the right questions or consider policies that would Actually Benefit and Improve Life for ALL. They have all the money and thus all the time in the world to take as long as they want to actually come up with a solution.
Yesterday and today I have shown moments of humility. Yesterday, I had to apologize for a mistake made on the job, and just now, I was emailing my boss about it and ended up apologizing for this entire situation. Just like that I realized that I am thankful for humility.
So Jeannie from
Coffee-Crusted Pastrami
Here are my questions:
Diddy Kong RacingDiddy Kong Racing
Actually, I took 6 pictures of it.
By the time we get to where we're going, it's 10pm, maybe later. It's all okay though because we've got a bottle of wine and some cheese and crackers, easily accessible, to open once we've let ourselves in through the clinky gate, driven down the long dark laneway, and parked beside the porch. We'll unload our stuff in a hurry and stick groceries in the propane fridge on the screened-in porch. Serious unpacking will wait til tomorrow as we wrangle the dog and try to get him to calm down: he knows where we are now, and he's excited as I am.
Today's printable is all about the important stuff. This is the main reason I initially wanted to do a binder. For all that important information that I have scattered throughout my brain and in files and in phone books and on the internet and in my wallet. It needs to be in one shiny happy place!
"Penance Fire Blues" by Bobby Long - Every time I hear Bobby I think of Johnny Flynn, an artist I like better.
Broken glass everywhere
Tommy is a one month old Jersey bull calf that we purchased from the grandson of a nearby Jersey dairyman. I wish I had taken photos while I was over to their barn….but, I was kind of like a kid in a candy store with the 70+ jerseys cows in that barn. I even asked Merle, the original owner, if I could rent a room. For a jersey lover…it was paradise. For a dairyman…it’s a beautiful barn with perfectly clean stalls.
Pete and I were able to make it to the southern end of Union Creek and back without incident today. We went by the place where the Marines said they were attacked. Sure enough, there was a burned out HMMWV carcass in the middle of the road. After poking around in the wreckage for a bit, Pete and I decided that the story we had heard fit with what we saw. The topography made for a good ambush site. We found blood on the nearby hilltops, but no bodies. There was a sizable chunk out of the road where the IED must have been detonated.
The teams were picked one-by-one by Helio, then JP, then Ethan. Each team had eleven or twelve players and the games were set to begin the next day; Tuesday, May 1st, taking place every Tuesday and Thursday until the end of May when the Championship game would be played. Unfortunately, Mother Nature decided to send rain causing every game thus far to be cancelled.
The genius of books as diverse as Miguel de Cervantes’ Don Quixote and Robin Cook’s Coma lies in the authors’ generosity with good, authentic detail. Cervantes knew that a suit of armor kept in a junk locker for years wouldn’t merely be dusty, it would be corroded to hell—and that would be a problem to overcome. Likewise, Cook, himself a doctor, knew that a patient prepped for surgery would typically be given a calming drug before the main anesthetic—and that some patients, somehow, do not find peace even under the medication, especially if they have reason not to.
For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.
Republic Act No. 265 —
Photo is the best quality, it was so dark and horrible weather here that my iPhone had trouble taking photos.
I worked the same 12:45-1:45 shift at the kiosk on Wednesday and Friday and noticed a drastic difference in the orders of our customers between the two days.
Raquelle: What do you hope readers come away with when they read your book?
Dealing with being called names, and having people make fun of you is an unfortunate part of school life. The problem is that it can cause a lot of pain, sometimes unintentionally. Thankfully, Marissa Moss has found an effective and sympathetic way to address this issue. Through Daphne, she shows young readers that they are not alone, and that many of the adults in their lives were teased when they were kids. She helps readers to see how important it is to be sensitive to others, and to have a sense of humor.
Trisomie 21 - Le Fete Triste
Molsted K, Schaumburg I. Fysiske arbejdsmiljofaktorers indvirkning på reproduktionen hos kvinder. The effect of physical working conditions on female reproduction. Nord Med. 1989; 104: 158-160.
1lb. (2-3/4 Cups) Dark raisins
The past two weeks have flown by. I guess that's a good thing, but my house disagrees. Although I did get it picked up for the most part today...there are still piles of laundry waiting to be folded and a floor that should be vacuumed, but I settled for sweeping the obvious dirt away.
However, in all of this grump and sigh, I do have a positive note to end on: My daughter's donation today to the University of Iowa Children's Hospital was spectacular. 20 Color Wonder sets, 20 Matchbox cars, $40 in iTunes gift cards, a stack of board and coloring books, and over 20 other toys and games will surely bring a smile to a few of those kids who - let's face it - have a lot bigger problems than what to blog about. I'm very proud of Lainey not only for helping me shop for toys that weren't going to end up in the bottom of her purse, but for being genuinely disappointed that she was not going to be personally handing out these toys to the kids themselves. It took 15 minutes and a package of M&M's to calm her down and convince her that the toys would, indeed, get handed out and that the kids would, indeed, have great big huge smiles on their faces. Lainey, you warm my heart.
#2: relax. my goal each trip will be to fit it all in one, very large suitcase. and if i can’t fit it all into one, it’s okay.
“I’ll tell you this, and you’re certainly close to an expert in football, I’m sure you are,” Georgia’s head football coach said as the 250-plus fans at the Macon stop of the Bulldog Club tour Thursday night at the Walnut Creek Shooting Preserve began to create a buzz.
I think the fact that I live in the suburbs (of Montreal) still surprises me, even though I’ve been here for almost 6 years. I’ve always felt strongly about issues regarding the environment and peace, but most recently, and perhaps most of all, food. I mention this because suburbia never seemed like the place I could live with a clean conscience with regards to the environment and food. But after university and living in and around downtown for four years, I needed green space (read: yard), clean air and wanted to be closer to the schools where I would be teaching (another story altogether).
The biblical context is far from this. Submission is of a mutual and reciprocal respect as evident in the various epistles or letters of Paul in the New Testament. Submission in the Bible is about subjecting oneself to governing authorities based on justice and righteousness in the sight of a holy God. (Amos 5:24, Micah 6:8).
While steps have been taken to reduce smoking on our beautiful beaches, we still need to work together to keep them smoke and cigarette butt free.
Mdletshe said the driver of the VIP vehicle was reportedly catching up to the official cavalcade, and tried to overtake at which point he lost control and collided head-on into the oncoming traffic.
3. Pac-12: 1
12. We also went to Maquinit hot spring in the evening.
1 blackjack
On the positive side - computer, camera, and dock are all fine and functioning happily together again (software hiccups can be forgiven, I think, as long as they don't happen too often), the little furball is playing merrily in the crate, wrestling with the towel I put down for bedding - she's eaten dry cat food and drunk fresh water and seems no worse for the wear, and good grief, how dang cute can a critter be??
Billy the dog disappeared during the big floods of 2002 in Caia, Mozambique.
Jose Luis Guerin, In the City of Sylvia
What are your experiences with birth? At home or at the hospital?
totally planning to write last night. scheduled it in for days, had even made tea. there would be fascinating stories about our istanbul food tour, and how i've brought turkish eating home. but then comes a "wanna meet for a glass of wine?" IM. so i went to covell, and had some rare fancy rosé: 10 cases in the whole US, and 2 of them are at covell. the unicorn of rosés.
Well of course, when the world shuts down because there's an inch of snow on the roads, who is it who rushes outside with glee and plans a trip to the hills?
Following the directions of the weight appropriate hook for my mirror, I simply stuck it on top of the existing mirror. It has hung for the past month without a single wobble. (I figured I'd better test it out before I told you to try it!)
221To sounds of heav'nly harps she dies away,
'Also has been great practice for Noah's left hand, which is still suffering from nerve damage from July's broken arm!'
She said that the contractures in her hips, knees, and ankles would require a surgery that addressed all three issues at the same time, and the risks included infection and the possibility of losing her ability to use her feet and/or part of her legs. She said that even if the legs are straight, the brain must be able to send the signals to the legs to move the muscles in the right way in order to make them walk. Olivia's disabilities can certainly be described with arthrogryposis, but as that is JUST a description, it doesn't imply that the same surgeries that may work on an AMC child with amyoplasia (for example) would work on our girl. She is a unique case, with her cognitive disabilities and her CP characteristics.
Part way through the film it is revealed that Nell is pregnant. Cotton and the crew assume it is her boyfriend. When they confront the young man, he reveals he and Nell have never had sex because he is gay. They then assume the father of Nell's baby is, well, her father Louis. Louis had a falling out with the church a number of years back and after the death of Nell's mother has become more and more reclusive. Naturally, he seems like the most likely candidate to have fathered this baby. When Cotton and the crew return to confront him they find the Sweetzer home covered in Satanic symbols. As they run through the woods where they hear chanting they find Nell tied down, giving birth to something with spikes as the aforementioned Cloverfield monster makes an appearance out of the fire. Cotton goes towards the chaos holding a crucifix, attempting to fight the monster while the members of the crew are killed off by the mob. The tape ends.
We met on moving in day as freshman at Brandeis University, with dorm rooms across the hall from each other. Both of our roommates got there on the later side of the day, and I think we would consider each other the first official person we met in college. Over the course of the year, Julie spent a lot more time in my and Carol's dorm room than her own, and we were roommates throughout the rest of college. When she left for a semester abroad (remember how L-O-N-G those few months apart seemed then?), she spent hours making me a collage of magazine cut-outs filled with inspirational words and inside jokes. I still have it, and returned the favor years later, making her a 10 minute photo slideshow for her bridal shower.
Get a story in the news and let us know about it and we'll brag you up big time here on our blogs. This is your opportunity to be an A to Z blogging star. Thanks in advance to those of you who help out with this. The Challenge is already big. Now you can help make it huge.
Seal it all with a kiss
Yes, I hear what you’re saying
Scott Harris gets the shock of a lifetime while burglarizing the Mayor’s home when he moves to the cellar and finds a tortured prostitute shackled within a catacomb of horrors, and documents entailing a vicious plot to take over the U.S. government.
This moment snaps you out of your Perpetually Irritable Human coma and reminds you of why you keep going, even when you don't want to. It makes you stop and say, wow, those are my kids.
Forms that come home in the backpack that need to be filled out by a parent are pinned on the bulletin board until after dinner & bedtime when I have a few quiet minutes to fill them out.
Okay, how about SCREENplay. I have movie reviews for "The Invention of Lying" and "Red."
Beauty, as in beautiful women, and power they hold. def one of his favorite obsessions.
The new government are planning to review the operation of the 2003 Licensing Act in response to concerns about the disorder caused by so-called “24-hour drinking”. But, in reality, there’s no such thing as 24-hour drinking – it’s just a typical piece of Daily Mail scaremongering. I’d be surprised if there was a single pub or bar in the country that actually was open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for the sale of alcohol. It’s also a misconception that these problems have only developed after 2005 when the Act came into operation. Before then, plenty of pubs in town and city centres already had extended hours, while nightclubs were open until 3 am, and there was no shortage of alcohol-related disorder on the streets. From what I’ve read, the general experience of senior police officers has been that things are no worse than they were before, albeit a bit more spread out through the small hours.
Great Argentinian Dancer (GDA), my splendid, unexpected, and positively endearing new beau, had been feeling under the weather on Wednesday so I made him chicken soup with a grated ginger, sliced mushrooms, chopped garlic, and sliced spring onion base. Chicken stock, poached, then shredded chicken thighs, and a little rice and chopped carrot rounded out the soup. It was good, if I do say so myself. (Yes, I know pulling out the awesome cook card is incredibly unfair and just doesn't give the guy a chance. Mwahahahaha... ) He's feeling better now... although his nose has been a bit stuffy of late.
One cannot deny that he was a nepotist, but he did not commit any illegal act as the leader of Vietnam as some would suggest. The reason President Ngo Dinh Diem gets murdered by Duong Van Minh is because of was will to oppose American imperialism. The Americans wanted him to do what they instructed him to do, something that Diem will not comply with. President Diem’s actions were in the interest of Vietnam and not the Americans. So for that reason, the American government looked for a man who was willing to do their dirty work for them. They wanted someone who hated Ngo Dinh Diem, who can’t understand the complexity of the situation and was easy to mold. The Americans discover these traits in ex-General Duong Van Minh. So on November 1, 1963, President Ngo Dinh Diem and his younger brother Ngo Dinh Nhu were kidnapped and executed the next day. Before Diem’s death, North Vietnam was kept in check, his assassination gave the Vietcong an opportunity to move in the army. After Diem died, it took three years of continuous failed governments before Nguyen Van Thieu finally emerged.
They were all told to go to the stand at the sports field.
· The girl in the restaurant couldn’t bear for me to have to put away my own tray
If you are interested there is a programme about the exhibition on Sky Arts 2 on Thursday February 9 at 6pm, but if like me you do not have that channel, amongst the 101 channels that you do have, this clip may be of interest to you.
Back to work tomorrow and I'm finally feeling almost myself again. The cough is almost gone, but more importantly my ability to breath is returning to me. I had a week where I felt like I was breathing around a plastic tube lodged in the base of my throat. I'm not 100% but getting there.
Once again a great away day weekend with my rallying friends, Alan, Nigel and of course my travellign companion and chaffeur Ian. Great days and this is what it is all about for me.
2. I found out that another one of my French teachers is a comtesse. She's got an apartment full of incredible antiques and a 13 bedroom "country home" so maybe that should have been a giveaway. She's a lovely person though, full of interesting stories and a warm personality, so I'm glad to be on a first name basis with her.
Now a bright Red/Orange
Cleveland, Ohio. Because nothing says International like Cleveland, Ohio, the beer world pours into C-Town’s International Exposition Center. 200 breweries from across the globe bring in over 800 brews for the sampling at three public tasting sessions. The International Beer Fest, which is touted as the biggest beer showcase and competition in the west, welcomes celebrity brewers, authors and beer-world personalities, and hosts seminars to identify beer flavors, and a tasting room for food-and-beer pairings. (May 11 – 12)
I loved the navigation buttons on the A-Z page! At first I just scanned the list and clicked on ones that sounded interesting. But then I realized that I was missing some good reads! So the "surprise me" button got used A LOT.
Can you please tell me now
Also, best get in early to get your hands on a collection of 1940s figural scatter pins all priced at only $5 ea! They look fabulous on children's coats or create a scenic delight with several on your winter jacket.
So when you have educated them on the art of cooking and contributed to their independence, prop your feet up and enjoy ’cause when Mama’s happy everybody’s happy!
Market Trends Pvt Ltd
The Calico Rebellion
Horses running always gives me the feeling of freedom and strength.
Warning 2
So I decided to stop for a bite at Arby's...I haven't been there in FOREVER!! I LOVE their roast beef sandwiches, and it's not too far out of my way...
In many ways I’m still in denial. Some days feel easier than others. I am still numb.
I apply the same standards to books I read for pleasure. As I have previously stated, successful books aren’t necessarily written well. I can think of two examples of over-hyped self-published fantasy books that, quite frankly, I can see why so many editors passed on them.
LITERATURE - where would we be without it. It reflects the world we live in, it shapes our thinking. I love reading and I love writing. I tend not, despite a degree in English literature, to think of it as "literature" but as stories. And as Terry Pratchett puts it so beautifully in Witches Abroad - "People think that stories are shaped by people. In fact, it's the other way around."
13.Roy Harvey + Jess Johnston - Railroad Blues
A giant lumbers into view, answering the mystery of the cow. One mystery remains, however. How am I getting away from this alive? While I’m frozen still, debating what to do, the giant lazily passes me by. Oh. I’m not sure whether to feel relieved or insulted. For all the giant knew, I could have been a lean, green, giant-killing machine. I guess he’s smarter than he looks.
Whoa! That is currently my favorite opening line, ever. I mean we can get an idea of the character from the blurb, so when we read this it’s like whoa, what kind of girl is she, really? It also sets up the age bracket pretty much immediately in case there were any confusions, as well as the setting, having an executioner and chief of prisons pretty much sticks you solidly in fantasy. I love this first line and it more than did its job in getting me to read more.
Let me give you an example so you can understand what I mean.
Farley, M.A., McMahon, W.M., Fombonne, E., Jenson, W.R., Miller, J., Gardner, M., Block, H., Pingree, C.B., Ritvo, E.R., Ritvo, R.A., & Coon, H. (2009). Twenty-year outcome for individuals with autism and average or near-average cognitive abilities. Autism Research, 2, 109-118.
The stable boy looked up for his perch on the discarded ale barrel where he sat idly whittling a tree branch. Lord Fuckington stood before him, some 50 yards from where he sat, a scowl of authority fixed upon his face. The boy slid down from the barrel and made his way lazily over towards him.
On my journey I came upon a real genocide that is taking place. One that will erupt upon the death of one of that countries iconic father figures and indeed a world treasure that all world leaders, musicians, Hollywood misfits and vermin of all colours scramble to have their pictures taken with. That would be Nelson Mandela and the country South Africa. The victims of this genocide are white Afrikaners, the Boers, (farmer in Afrikaner) and Indian farmers.
Aqua colour card for backing, papers from Dovecraft princess fairytale designer paper pack.
1 mixed
We just had a long pause, but The Power of Silent Wisdom is up and running again… and I am happy to say that we are almost ready to publish issue 10. Like we have said, on our Facebook Page and on Twitter, Leyla, the horse in spirit, will speak about 2012 this time. Her message is powerful and will make your heart do some extra cartwheels, I assure you that. And so it happened that also Betty, a beautiful dolphin soul from Hawaii, talked about year 2012 - and added some extra inspiring words about opening your heart.
So it’s good-bye rivals from over the years. Cubs – we were just about always better than they were. Braves – they brought a lot of misery over the years. Dodgers – think back to the rivalry we had with them in the early 80s. Gone. Mets? Anybody remember 1986? St. Louis – don’t get me started. Frustration everywhere you look.
2)I am happy to be making money
Make ganache: Melt chocolate in a double boiler. Place cream and rum in a bowl and pour melted chocolate on top. Whisk for 15 to 30 seconds until mixture lightens slightly in color. Do not overwhisk, which would cause discoloration and hardening of the ganache.
Are my ideals going to shortchange my child’s future? Sometimes I feel so old at 34. When I see other parents toss their iPads and iPhones at their similarly-aged kids, I recoil. Are they bad parents? Or are we for fighting it? Is my kid going to be behind when he starts school and has 95% less experience using a computer than the other kids do? My kid can use a hammer and a cordless drill and I’m totally cool with it. Does that say something about me? Does it matter? What are your thoughts?
This is what I ordered from 1-800-Flowers for my mom for Christmas. A little spot of color and brightness to liven up winter, which can be dreary, as we all know. A bouquet called "Field of Europe". Colorful, bright, with lilies and gerber daisies and roses. (Note the lack of carnations.)
Till I don’t know what’s sane
11And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.
These are, of course, just a few examples of songs which I think have great guitar solos. What about you, what would you nominate?
we made the right decision when deciding to buy this house.
-Doctor Who, endlessly Doctor Who. David Tennat(10th) is my absolute favorite, but you’ll hear about Chris Eccleston(9th) and Matt Smith(11th and current) some as well.
I don't know what's going to happen now. I deserve better. My daughter deserves better. I have a two year plan.
You see, for me, the act of being that active does something HORRIBLE to my appetite. The stimulation is so much that I am RAVENOUS and all the food that I consume counters out all the work I do. So, for now I ain't gonna do anything more strenuous than:
Siriuslover117: Fred Weasley.
I just wrote a long, random post. See below.
Hsieh HG, Loong CC, Lui WY, Chen A, Lin CY.
And I really loved it.
Weight: Doesn’t really mind
"You drove that place out of business."
Logsdon Farmhouse Ales, outside of Hood River. Note actual farmhouse (that's the mash tun, lower left.)
- Reports oil and gas assets for each country including operator and equity details for major oil and gas assets of Company
Well, after mopping up the remnants, I noticed I had a little bit left in the bottom of the bottle. So I decanted the rest into an empty bottle. Here are a couple of swatches. Luckily since I've able been able to get myself a new bottle :-) :-) :-) GR8 is probably the least revered out of the OMGs, so it was still relatively cheap (well cheaper than the others!)
Chiffon Journal
I was at the laundromat the other day and got thirsty. I noticed that there was a liquor store on the side of the building, so I decided to check it out. Fairly common practice, right? I’ve been frequenting liquor stores since I was a kid. That might sound weird, but the liquor stores in SE D.C. used to have some of the best snacks in the neighborhood.
3 1/2 out of 5 – Positive role models – As I said, and I shall say again, Nikki’s life in general really does reflect off of real life. Her life is just how anyone’s in real life would be: two outgoing friends + one cute crush + one snobby bully + annoying sister + chic fever = someone in real life, right? Ugh, fine. Also, Nikki tries not to disappoint her friends, takes a job working at a birthday party, and pulls together the school Halloween dance. But she still cares too much about materialistic things and what other people think. Plus she lies to her parents, is constantly rude to her little sister, and makes some perty bad decisions. Chloe and Zoey are loyal and helpful to Nikki, and they think creatively. Brandon is a positive role model because he stands up to MacKenzie, follows his own ideas, and shows compassion and understanding.
There was like half an inch of poop in one of those short Chinese take-out plastic containers. So you can get the visual in your head.
Unchain me from all your lies
Instead of saying: You idiot! You're ruining your child. My way is so much better.
1) It is their form of escape from their reality
Porfirio's also serves pre-made tacos out of a pickup truck that moves around downtown Austin in the mornings. In fact, my first Porfirio's experience was with this truck. I worked downtown as a bicycle messenger back in the mid-90s, and the location of the Porfirio's truck was a very hot topic on the walkie talkie radios. *shirk* Porfirio at 5th and Brazos *shirk*
The person who invented the computer was a genius. No doubt about it. However, the person who decided that the computer should run our lives and our businesses was not. When I was a youth I was convinced that technology, all technology, was the way to go. Having a computer would stop time wasting, would speed up or automate the most inane tasks, would save the economy billions and at the same time stop the destruction of the rain forest because we would no longer need letters. Of all of these the first was the one that grabbed me. Time is the only real thing we have in this life and to waste it has always been something I dislike. When I was a kid I don’t ever remember being bored. Not when I was alone anyway. With other people I got bored very quickly because I had other things to do and they were not that interested in helping me. So, whenever I had ‘free’ time I filled it. The idea that the computer could save me even more time so I could do more of what I wanted was amazing. As soon as we could afford it I got hold of an old 286 with a 20mb hard disk and set about learning how to use it. I’d got a line feed dot matrix printer at the same time and it was this machine and that printer that got me my first job. It took me weeks to get the hang of DOS and then Windows 3.0 (remember that?!?) but I got there and soon enough I was away. Did I learn something useful that I would use in years to come? Absolutely! In fact I learned a couple of things:
For me this stage came quickly after my husband decided to leave me. I had fought the good fight, I had done what God had told me to do. And it looked as if I had failed. I was disillusioned, scared, and very tired. I contemplated suicide. I struggled with depression, and couldn’t think of good reasons to keep doing what I knew to be “right” anymore because where had it got me? What was I winning if what I was fighting for was lost? This was my critical stage. I began listening to faulty logic, and dark thoughts. I could have gone either way. I was now nursing pain, hurt, cynicism, fear and exhaustion. I was tired of the fight, I was ready to admit the loss and I just wanted it to be over.
catalog for all kinds of crafts. Crochet, cross stitch, sewing – you’ll find lots of great ideas here. There are several free pattern downloads and you can preview many of the books before you buy. Purchases are downloaded and viewed through the Leisure Arts app, uploaded to another reader like iBooks or Dropbox, or you can print using air printer software. Don’t have an air printer? No problem. Just open in iBooks, then email the pattern to your PC or laptop. You’ll get a nice PDF document ideal for printing.
Well, that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. First of all, remember, I didn’t need glasses. Second of all, I didn’t know a soul who had those new fangled contact lenses. I would just have to improvise.
When was the last time you had a day like this with your Mum? What did you do?
I know, I know. I keep saying how freaking amazing they are. Let me say it in another way – I’ve been involved in the performing arts my entire life (music, dance, theatre, improv etc) and this is one of the very few times that I’ve been lucky enough to be involved in a production where not only does everyone genuinely LIKE each other, but they are eager and excited to come to rehearsal. And they’re not even being paid. 21 people are giving up their free time to create art together. Add on the fact that it’s for charity, and they up their ante. Every single person is SO willing to throw themselves into any fundraising causes and help out anyway they can. This speaks not just to their professionalism, but to each individuals character’s as human beings.
Unfortunately I must admit, if it has been 'massacred' with some software, that rapidly takes away ALL emotions except, GGGGRRRRRR.
It’s not so hard to implement paleo at home. I just got the kids Sarah Fragoso’s book, Paleo Pals: Jimmy and the Carrot Rocket Ship. River is excited to be a paleo pal superhero, but she’s still eating macaroni and gross crap at my mom’s. I need to talk to my mom about the way she feeds the kids. Now if only I could find a way to do it without pissing her off. At least I got her to stop drinking gingerale. What I really want to do is get them to stop using margarine and use butter instead.
“YOU”, make the difference in the sales transaction!!
So I either need to have some incredible life experiences that can somehow be associated with the food I cook or I am going to have to learn to deal with shorter, less creative writings and let the food speak for itself.
opt 4 telling everyone that women and girls are awesome.
You are not obligated to donate in order to vote. If you are in a position to...please donate to our next movie. The feature with the most votes will win the full donation amount. ALL donors will appear in the credits of the winning film. Polls will remain open until budgets are complete.
In one stanza, almost carelessly, he writes down what could be seen as the manifesto for 20th century poetry if not 20th century society. The focus on the self, on uncovering, recovering, and analyzing the self that drives so many memoirs and self-help books – not to mention countless poems in every language – can be seen here.
Till the vessel strikes with a shivering shock,
turmeric powder 1/2 tsp
Milton Bustillo, 37, New York, N.Y.
It was actually my husband, who’d barely spoken since earlier that morning when he questioned whether this was “the real thing” or not, who said to me around 7 pm “Honey, why don’t you just let Jesse check you before you get this epidural. I’m okay with it if you really want to do it, but I just know you REALLY didn’t want to go that route.” Dawn also asked me a pivotal question…”Pam, if you get the epidural and get a half hour of sleep before you have to start pushing, and this baby is born an hour from now, will you be happy you did it?” Without hesitation I answered “No, I wouldn’t be happy!” and Dawn said she knew at that moment I wasn’t done yet! My determination was stronger than my fatigue! Call off the anesthesiologist!
Jose Cruz was pulled over Monday night on Route 60 in South Charleston for driving with his headlights off. He was subsequently arrested after failing a series of sobriety tests.
First up, Elizabeth Montgomery. Or, more specifically, Samantha from Bewitched. Not only was she magic, but she was beautiful. And I dug her house. Now, her dorky bumbling husbands I didn't love. But her eccentric family? ADORED them.
Thank you Grandma, for being an incredible Great Grandma to my daughter and an incredible Grandma to me.
Local Transport- This is something you would pay less than $1 for. Passengers are packed into "mini-busses" made for 15, but usually there were about 20 people & a goat or chickens & lots of other random stuff (including my huge backpackers backpack). I think the worst part were the smells. Man, it was enough to make anyone puke. The worst for me was the dried fish. Then add the normal "people smells" which are not the same as American people smells. The mini-bus would stop every few minutes, and the conductor (the man in charge of filling up the vehicle and collecting the $) would scream out the destination. They wouldn't leave until there wasn't a single inch to move. IT. WAS. AWFUL. Probably one of the worst experiences of Malawi, yet somehow funny once we made it alive to our destination. One of the most frustrating things is that the people just take these horrible conditions like it's live and there's nothing they can do about it. No way that would fly in the US.
The Army has also specified what it is looking for in the non-lethal warhead with which the LAMAS will be equipped: the warhead must be no bigger than 1.2 x 1.2 x 2.1 inches, 96 grams or lighter, impact at no more than 100mph, and cost less than $500 per unit.
Apparently Paul Newman, here playing one of his most unlikeable characters, was upset that audiences still loved him. Hud became an “anti-hero”, despite being nasty throughout, with no real redeeming qualities. It is testament to the guy’s ridiculous charisma that you never question why his nephew might want to be like him, despite the fact Newman’s Hud caused the accident that killed young Lonnie’s father, Hud’s brother. He is out for himself, he drinks, sleeps with married women, raises hell all over the small town where they live, and has very few nice words for anyone, and abuse is never too far away. It’s intriguing that the film is called Hud, as the film isn’t really about him, despite the fact he has most of the scenes and most of the action. He is a force, and his father, played wonderfully by Melvyn Douglas (who won a supporting actor oscar for his efforts), is another, but they are almost diametrically opposed. Whereas Hud is cynical, unloving, and exists on a diet of nihilism and hedonism, Douglas’s character, Homer, is upstanding, loyal, hard-working and idealistic. Together with the young Lonnie, the three live together on an old farm, raising cattle, and the only female presence is the housekeeper, Alma, played (also to oscar-winning effect) by Patricia Neal. All except Homer are susceptible to Hud’s charm, and there’s a simmering tension between him and Neal’s Alma. The boy, Lonnie, is torn between who to follow with these polar opposite role models, and the film follows the events that help him choose.
We had a recent flare-up of publicity in March thanks to a solar storm that didn’t really amount to much. Is this sort of coverage a good thing or a bad thing?
Only in New York can you head round the block
Most Reading fans would’ve taken it at the start of the season. Even Brian McDermott would probably have taken it if he’d admit to looking any further ahead than the next game. But as Ian Dacre writes, it turned out better than anyone could have imagined.
Hey there lovely friends!!! I got in my "new to me" stamps from Bombshell the other day, and one of the ones I got was the gorgeous Lucky Bride. She reminds me of the lovely Spanish brides. Traditionally, the Spanish Wedding Gown was black, so I colored her up in lovely black satin. Then I added a touch of red to dress it up. The greys are C1, 3, 5, 7, 9, the reds R22, 24, 29, 39. Her skin is E00, 11, 13 and her veil is BG0000 and E50. I chose t5o try to go pretty simple with just the silver paper behind and then adding the black bow with white flower and pearls. The hose were a little plain, so I chose to try to mimic the swirls from the veil on her hose... and make it look like lace there as well.
Until then, perhaps I should frame Robin Wood's words above and absorb it as a mantra. Needless to say, I'm looking forward to the more specific insights he has in store for me in the rest of this and other books of his.
Kimi Raikkonen is in dominant form all weekend. He starts from pole position and is never headed, although a Safety Car after the start gives him plenty of think about. Juan Pablo Montoya finishes seventh in the second MP4-20 in his first race back from injury.
Recognition is one of the most basic necessities of being human. Practically all of us participate in varying social groups, families, work spaces, places of recreation or even when just together in a train on your way to wherever.
Gerald glanced into the box. The mermaid was stretching, yawning. Her arms were raised above her head and he glimpsed the pert globes of soft breasts. He nearly swooned
Just found out my former boss at Evil Insurance Company is on hospital bedrest with an unexpected high-risk twin pregnancy. I certainly wish no harm on those children, and hope they pull through fine, but I can't help but remember that she gave me all kinds of hell for needing to see multiple specialists 1-2 times a week during my first trimester when I suddenly developed joint pain, floaters in my vision, and continued to fall. Maybe after feeling what it's like to worry for the safety of her own children, she will never again pull that bullshit of putting work before family on anyone else.
But her extraordinary relationship with cats did not end there. My grandparents went to live in the terrace houses of Gateshead. Their last house still stands today. You can imagine it… rows upon rows of closely packed houses each with a small courtyard at the back having an outside toilet. One of the neighbours opposite had a black cat that they kept on a leash of barbed wire. Well Grandma certainly didn’t approve. She marched right over and took the cat, saying it was now hers. Given the life it had led, it was ferocious to everyone around it, except of course Grandma. As you can see, she had a way with cats.
What am I leaving behind?
d. Plastic Bags. And lots of them. These are lifesavers when there is no trash receptacle or washing machine nearby, but you don’t want your car, diaper bag or self smelling like poop. Of course keep them away from children. These are for trash and your olfactory system only, and can be dangerous for children. (Which brings up a slightly related point – do kids not smell their own poop? Is this similar to how “they” say dogs don’t see color? Kids never seem to be bothered by the smell, which is fascinating and I am jealous.)
9/25: Los Angeles, CA @ El Rey Theatre *
I agree that a Referendum on splitting private debt from sovereign debt should be the first thing a new Govt organises. It is obscene that the people have had no say in being forced to pay for vast amounts of private debt. With a certain huge NO vote, at least the new Govt can go to Europe to negotiate.
You will add your button as a "picture." (If you notice, there is a picture of a tree in green.) Make sure that you know how the picture is labeled on your desktop so that you can find it.
Me: How are you going to become a princess?
A desperate chase
The Cake
in the Express lane?
I thought I'd also share some baby shower invitations I made recently for a friend. Not sure they qualify as one-layer since I did add some trim and brads. However, they're definitely not rectangular or square! I love how these turned out, but they were time-consuming to mass produce. Probably not the best choice I've ever made. :)
6) Pour this batter to 3/4 of muffin mould and bake for 20 to 30 mins till a knife inserted comes out clean.
So while being social to all those wonderful people out there on the world wide web, you are neglecting the ones you are with…
My last idea for social! Woohoo! Social actually wasn’t as hard as I thought it be. My last idea came from the definition of social. Being social is to be with other individuals having conversations and enjoying each others’ presence. To be social means to speak to others, right? Well, I thought so too and decided I wanted to do something with a conversation. Kleenex is an international brand that helps millions of people every day. It’s marketed in several different language in hundreds of countries. International communication is very important to the Kleenex brand and must definitely for individuals. To express the importance of communication, I made a speech bubble out of construction paper, Kleenex, glue, tape, and cardboard. In the text bubble I tried to have a part of a conversation but in many different languages. That’s me with the speech bubble there, and I’m pretty much having a conversation by myself. The conversation goes like this:
Cash bar provided. Prizes for winning team, best costume, and best “spread.” Dr. Conti will reprise his role as Master of Ceremonies for the evening.
Then just last night I figured that if we were spending the weekend and through Monday in Memphis, we could just as well park our rig at Graceland! And well, Elvis! Now I'm all shook up.....ummm huhh...hmm.. yeah yea.....Graceland has been on my bucket list so this makes space for another list item....When I discovered the RV park, well what a deal! " Located within walking distance of Graceland, Elvis Presley’s home, Memphis-Graceland RV Park & Campground is a haven of relaxation you're not likely to forget anytime soon. The Memphis-Graceland RV Park & Campground is located on 19 acres just off Elvis Presley Boulevard behind Elvis Presley’s Heartbreak Hotel and conveniently located across the street from Elvis Presley's Graceland. "
I decided to go with quite bright colours for this card for a change, I used co-ordinations card in lovely bright yellow for the borders (MS punch) and corners (whimsy).
Here's the link for you, just so you can!! Go... Go now and buy it!!!!
Plus, I’m a sucker for anything remotely fiddlehead-y. Now I’m off to spend some time at McDonald’s website to get impressed and inspired while anxiously watching election results.
she still has her good day's and bad day's - she's complete with the double mastectomy with reconstruction except getting a nipple tattooed on her which she is debating on - but i have to say after seeing everything my Mom is going through breaks my heart and soul every day and makes me question how "preventative" i want to be (her eye site is still poor and walking is still a struggle, if she gets out of the house it;s usually only for doctor appts, otherwise she's still too sick to "live life") - but she's a force of power and she makes it through each day somehow which makes me empowered to make it through any rough days i have - she's such a strong soul - even when the physical therapy place gave her 3rd degree burns on her buttocks - the intense pain she still pulled through - but i can't lie - it's been a tough road and she still has a bit to go before she's in the clear and out of pain - her breasts hurt A LOT - but she's on her journey to full recovery which i can't be more over the moon about - to have a cancer free Mom - thank you God for looking down upon us and helping!
creator of heaven and earth.
It is going to be heaps of fun and I can't wait to see what you come up with.
5. . . . decorate my own house in crazy bright colors. Put a zip line out my bedroom window to the pool slide. Keep it cold enough to wear sweatshirts in July and August, even with constant use of the fireplace. Fill the yard with free range rabbits.
one double “live” album during the aforementioned years, the
-Dairy. All dairy, including butter, yogurt, cheese, milk, cream, goat's milk.
within his own body. All of these
Step 4: Deciding on Ingredients
Mack the dog is now back to his normal scatty self and i`ve also started, again! on the new allotment, so i`ve been pretty busy with clearing the weeds, digging over and sowing some seeds etc.
Around 5 a.m., the whole parade moves back to Kolky and we walk to the bridge, about 20 minutes away. The entire class watches the sunrise and celebrate with more champagne and some sleepy cheering. I was exhausted but joined in on the fun until I b-lined straight to bed around 6:30 a.m.
‘At the century-old Beehive Inn situated in Gawthorpe the following incident took place one day in 1963. Reggie Sedgewick and one Amos Clapham, a local coal merchant and current president of the Maypole Committee were enjoying some well-earned liquid refreshment whilst stood at the bar lost in their own thoughts. When in bursts one Lewis Hartley in a somewhat exuberant mood. On seeing the other two he said to Reggie, ” Ba gum lad tha’ looks buggered !” slapping Reggie heartily on the back. Whether because of the force of the blow or because of the words that accompanied it, Reggie was just a little put out.‘’ Ah’m as fit as thee’’ he told Lewis, ‘’an’ if tha’ dun’t believe me gerra a bagga coil on thi back an ‘ah’ll get one on mine an ‘ah’ll race thee to t’ top o’ t’ wood !’’ ( Coil, let me explain is Yorkshire speak for coal ). While Lewis digested the implications of this challenge a Mr. Fred Hirst, Secretary of the Gawthorpe Maypole Committee ( and not a man to let a good idea go to waste) raised a cautioning hand. ” ‘Owd on a minute,’’ said Fred and there was something in his voice that made them all listen. ‘Aven’t we been looking fer some’at to do on Easter Monday? If we’re gonna ‘ave a race let’s ‘ave it then. Let’s ‘ave a coil race from Barracks t’ Maypole.’’( The Barracks being the more common name given by the locals to The Royal Oak Public House )
Add cold rice over the eggs & meat into the pan, making sure to crumble it in your fingers. (Dumping a large chunk of rice is not going to work here. You need to crumble it so it separates nicely).
With the lady squeeze out of the house, one can put on the telly whatever one likes. No soaps, no romantic comedy drama’s with Hugh poxy Grant. Slip The Fast and the Furious in the DVD player and switch on. Open another Carling and mop the sweat off your brow. Sit back, relaxed. You are in man heaven. At least for the next couple of hours. Have a can of Glade peach spray handy, because when the delicate flower returns she will ask “What is that smell? You’ve not been eating kebabs and farting have you? Open a window for Christ’s sake”.
Remember his famous touchstone motto? The secret of success is sincerity.
I shot from a bridge about 20 metres away with both speedlites bare at 1/4 aiming at Alless from camera right.
Times are hard, the publishing industry has changed, and all but the most commercial sectors of publishing are suffering. Last night I attended a meeting of north-west women writers, convened by the novelist Sherry Ashworth and others with a view to setting up a press to publish fiction by women in the north west, in response to these changes. The reality of those changes was illustrated by the fact that there were several writers present, both prize-winning and mass-market, who were now facing difficulties in publishing their latest books or had moved to small presses. Basically the feeling is now that writers must do it for themselves.
Libraries are very different everywhere like in Natick our libraries in the center of town but in Papua New Guinea it’s in a village called Amia. Also we can get to our library by car, walking, or biking, however people in Papua New Guinea get to their library in a four by four truck. In our library we get check out books for 3 weeks, on the other hand we don’t know how long people get to check out books in Papua New Guinea. Lastly, we have technology in our library, but in Papua New Guinea they don’t. As you can see libraries are very different.
Elmar Krohn - drums
The tenth floor, like the eleventh and twelfth, was reserved for the most important military figures. He didn't bother knocking before stepping inside the conference room.
The nation’s first Homeland Security secretary is airing some dirty laundry from the Bush administration: He says he was pushed to raise the terror alert level on the eve of the 2004 presidential election.
In the 1970s, the great man of Uganda, Idi Amin, rescued his nation from the parasites who were economically raping it. The majority of these people came from the Indian sub-continent, and should have returned to their own homelands. Instead they were flown into the UK, to take up residence in the North, Midlands and London. Having proven themselves to be such a danger to the host nation of Uganda that they had to be removed, why is anyone surprised that they have acted in exactly the same manner in the UK?
More than 1.5 million tourists visit The Henry Ford each year. The additional entrance to The Henry Ford will allow visitors to more easily arrive by train for their historic adventure.
It’s always fun to see people compare our films to gazillion dollar blockbusters not realizing they’re comparing a film with a 150,000 dollar budget to one with a 150 MILLION dollar budget. What those talented folks do with hundreds of artists over six months to a year we have to do with six to eight people in one month… so there are likely going to be some differences. Fortunately, our talented teams (not just VFX) do hit things out of the park in ways most people will never realize considering the time and resources.
I mostly wanted to update to post some pictures from our visit. Unfortunately I didn't get pictures of Jaxon with everyone he saw :( but we'll make up for it when we come home in June!!
There was ceremony, yet not a structured ceremony
4 increasing
Cool in the tin for 5 minutes then turn out onto a cooling rack.
As the stars that are known to the Night.
The man in the mirror, however, is just as alive and powerful as he ever was, and I understand now that I shall always have to live with him. But it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.
But Capulong said he expected President Aquino’s relatives would file an appeal, and that no distribution of land on the estate would happen until the case was deemed “final and executory.”
Authors making the list include Harry Potter author J K Rowling, whose fortune is up £30m on last year, at £560m. She takes 148th place on the list. The paper has added £230m to her fortune for "future income from the Potter brand, including her Pottermore website", and estimates her advance for her next book, The Casual Vacancy, at £3m. Her former agent Christopher Little's fortune is listed as £55m, though he does not make the top 1,000.
P.S. Have you figured what OMGBN means yet? Check back for my next Nanas Tasty Tid Bits blog for the answer . . .
Arg...make it stop...
why do we try to fly?
Today J asked what I was doing and I told him about my plan. I said some of the people there don't have family to visit and I hope that the blankets will cheer them up. J said " So that means that now with Poppop in Heaven we will get a new one from the nursing home?"
When I was a kid, I would often have these kinds of ‘conversations’ with myself, thoughts going back and forth with different perspectives in my head.
In summary, I like seeing people succeed. I like helping people get there.
There’s so much guilt one has when they have a blog and don’t post anything regularly. I’m not one of those people. Yeah, right.
- This giveaway is open to US Residents aged 18 and older
at the threshold of the last house
The current global macro economic troubles do not bode well for the sector, says Mr Metha. “We expect more banks to follow SBI by increasing their loan provisions as we expect non-performing loans to shoot up for some time … it’s not going to get better any time soon.”
These are all important facts that have been purposely neglected in the news reports of the Western mainstream media! Please help spreading the truth by informing people about these monstrocities! It is the only way that those who committed these hideous crimes be punished and brought to justice, so nothing like this will ever happen anywhere else in the world!
Britain's last entertainment retail chain is apparently on the rocks. It's interesting to watch because businesses of this size seem to go through a period just before they die where they become grotesquely inflated versions of themselves. Like stars, or Elvis.
Now, on the ride to rehab, Kirsten's mother asked her if she would like an air mattress for their room. Kirsten said yes. Mom said she would go buy her one. There was a pause, and then I said "we gave them an almost new air mattress when they got here. But it's deflated now." To which Kirsten says "Yeah, Asshole said it got a hole in it when it caught a nail on the wall, and we just couldn't find it, so I gave up."
Method:
Most collectors don’t know that this set was printed by Topps.
*your email (put some spaces in there so you don't get spammed).
What about the “big names” involved in this nefarious, clandestine group, including Maggie Gallagher and Brian Brown of the National Organization for Marriage (NOM) and Fox News contributor Dr. Keith Ablow? The simple truth is that one of the administrators added their names so they could have access to the group, but they were never present on the Facebook site and, to the best of my knowledge, never knew the group existed or had any idea their names had been added. So much for the smoking gun!
If you cannot find the driver, however, OR they do not have insurance, you can still file a claim through your own uninsured motorist (UIM) coverage on your own auto policy.
At Bishop Waldo's recent "Preparation for General Convention" I listened as people testified to the need for blessings of same sex relationships. I heard the voices of those who believed that only when this was accomplished would they feel gratified, fully accepted, and fulfilled.
I have done a pretty poor job of taking pictures these first few days of Self-Stitched September. Instead of posting daily, I am going to do a weekly round up on either Saturday or Sunday from here on out.
21. Slouching Towards Bethlehem 4.04 (93/85)
My training regimen included daily stretching and occasional warm-ups like jumping jacks and push-ups.
Stearoyl Lactylic Acid – See Stearic Acid.
Following an alarming decline during the 1950s and 1960s, this spectacular falcon, also called the “Duck Hawk,” is on the increase again, now that DDT and other pesticides that caused thinning of eggshells have been banned. After an intensive program of rearing birds in captivity and releasing them in the wild (a process called “hacking”), this large falcon is reclaiming nesting grounds from which it disappeared a few decades ago. Although their habitat is mainly open country, especially along rivers and coasts and near lakes, a favorite nesting site nowadays is a tall building or bridge in a city. These urban Peregrines subsist mainly on pigeons.
This year's greeting is short and sweet, many of you already got this as an email. Just my favorite Christmas picture and a poem I got an award for a long time ago. In the original photo all the flames are burning and flickering and changing the lighting of the picture. Too bad we can't use animated pictures in the body of our blog, just on the side tracks or whatever they are called.
Despite his reputation as some sort of English Marcuse or Fanon, Thompson had a troubled, ambiguous relationship with the radical students he taught in the '60s and '70s. Thompson got his politics from nineteenth century Romantics and from English plebian movements like Levellers and the Chartists. His vision of the future relied heavily on the British past.
on lollipops and ice-cream
The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) has announced the extension of the Home Affordable Refinance Program (HARP) until December 31, 2013; therefore any loan originated on or before this date in the Refi Plus program is eligible for these new features.
Know that you are unique and beautiful from the inside out. I encourage you to think of 10 things you like about yourself and share the most amazing thing about yourself below in the comments.
they closed the electric sockets in the camps.
Half of those remaining didn’t include the requested ten pages (also posted in her submissions guidelines). If we didn’t like the query, we didn’t bother to ask for the ten pages. If we did like the query, we had to write back asking for them. Their query then went back to the bottom of the pile.
We ran detox programs, weightloss bootcamps and some very successful Pilates weeks and Ashtanga yoga weeks. And of course with these weeks came more contacts and more staff and little by little our creation had grown.
The ultimate conclusion comes in realising that giving and being in service to others, by themselves, provide the satisfaction that the acquisition of power, money and things fail to yield.
The film is set in the early Twentieth Century in a Los Angeles hospital. A talkative little girl, Alexandria, is recovering from a broken arm, and an injured stuntmen, Roy, is recovering from a fall and is also brokenhearted over the loss of his girlfriend. They become friends and he tells her a fantastic "epic" tale. The movie is divided between the two stories: one based in reality and one in fantasy. The reality story is so sweet because it includes all these wonderful scenes of Alexandria and Roy interacting together. The dialog is great and the acting is superb. I have never seen a child actor act so natural and believably. She is completely unaffected and adorable.
12:30pm Team buses arrive (parking lot K at Cabrillo)
Channeler: Ron Head
“Do you know who you really want to punk next? Bieber,” Tom Parker said. “Because he claims he’s un-punkable boys, and this could be something that we need to set up.”
Dialogue: 6,0:01:15.66,0:01:18.17,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,If I do have to do it, make it quick.
- Larsson’s family became his inspiration – he painted many family scenes from the kids playing dress-up to family picnics.
After that my roommate wanted to talk about some mutual friends who blabbed and blew things out of proportion… That really makes me feel betrayed… Thanks guys! I mentioned to a friend in need that I might be able to let him live at my place. He then told my roommate I was searching for a new roommate. The list unfortunately goes on…
He is walking for the Global Orphan projects takes kids off the streets and only $20 will provide a uniform to a kid. He talks about how a uniform alone helps the children go to school, parents get a job and can help fund orphan care.
2 friend
2. The adult acting like a kid is Juliet’s mom, Catherine (Andrea Roth), who cooked up the plan and may have gotten Andrea brutally beaten and robbed — or she might’ve done it herself.
Possibly wishful thinking and hopefully not a statement of intent. If it came to a catfight, a crazy bitch like Gaga would pluck out Kylie’s pubic hair. Someone should invite the divas to a wigwam where they can share a peace pipe and inhale each other’s smoke. Those squaws need to become blood sisters before they start stealing each other’s boyfriends, which would lead to heinous atrocities.
* 1 cup store-bought apple butter
A few pics of Emma in all her cuteness:
Whipping with coffee tree sticks, trampling by military boots, blows with fists and claps on your inflated cheeks (known as ukumpompa) became part of the labour process.
Three years ago, Celebrating Sagan launched to coincide with the ten year anniversary of Carl Sagan's death. The purpose of the site is to celebrate the life and work of Dr. Carl Sagan by sharing how the man's work and vision impacted all of us.
“All the songs I write are 100 percent true, I don’t make stuff up and I never have,” Peyton explains.
How this process will develop is difficult to say. India will perhaps, indeed very probably, produce a revolution, and as the proletariat emancipating itself cannot conduct any colonial wars, this would have to be given full scope; it would not pass off without all sorts of destruction, of course, but that sort of thing is inseparable from all revolutions. The same might also take place elsewhere, e.g., in Algiers and Egypt, and would certainly be the best thing for us. We shall have enough to do at home."
The trip will take about 25 days and we’ll drive through
Among the juvenile delinquents are Ritchie Blackmore, Peter Green, Mick Taylor, Peter Bardens, Mick Fleetwood and Clifford T. Ward. Another can full of more or less English 60s beatgroups you've never heard of before. BRIT-.ROCK yer beatiful selfves in the next millenniums...
This will be part two of a MASSIVE estate sale which is like a junker's dream come true.
Can someone explain to me why it is necessary for a private citizen to hire a lawyer to receive justice for a slain child?
温柔似海
W for worry, NOW what's going round?
The corollary is that if we take Khan seriously, we have a very bleak conclusion — we are doomed to continue the cycle. Bleak this may be. And obviously I hope Khan’s analysis is wrong.
This has been the strangest winter -- it never got cold enough, for long enough, to kill my potted jalapeno plant, and now it has set five flowers! And last year's petunia just went a little dormant and has now exploded in purple blossoms! It was just too mild to kill the annuals, I suppose, except for the basil, whose remains you see beside the pepper plant.
“Once you put that down, you better be able to defend it,” Ray Ramirez of the Native American Rights Fund told The Daily Caller on Monday.
Buyer reviews & ratings of * CALVIN KLEIN WATCH for WOMEN * SWISS * CK Element Monogram – K5022116 Mirror Dial / Steel / Large are available on the merchant’s site, check it by click on the link below.
Teoh, Selangor executive councillor Ean Yong Hian Wah’s political secretary, was not a suspect but had been questioned as a witness.
One of the things I love about William Younger is that they brewed some of their beers forever. Or close enough. 150 years plus. Which means some hung around long enough for me to try them. This is one of them. It was usually called Scotch Bitter in the pub. It was OK in the late 1970's early 1980's. A run of the mill Ordinary Bitter.
Well, we've had a LOT of changes here recently. Like I almost gave up on all the schooling and was a smidge away from placing the kids into one of those online public school programs. I didn't though...but I have looked into the options of more "prepared" materials/activities and more things that involve organized events.
between two old cedars, memory dies
I wanted to apologize to my faithful followers for two things:
This challenge is just what I need to keep me motivated and moving. Getting to the gym or outside. So, why did I join the "mixed cardio" category and not the running category? Well, because I have decided to be good to myself. I am just getting back to running from a 5 month break due to my double hip joint injuries (caused by over training via running). Given the loooooong road to recovery, I am easing back into running while also doing other forms of cardio so that I "spread" the stress of exercise to other joints and muscles in my body! Hence the increase in biking, elliptical, zumba, step, etc!
Teas are 200 degrees when handed off. Must ask for a few ice cubes if you want to drink it right away.
Addendum 4/6: No package as of 8 p.m. PDT. Insert choice expletive here.
I like the mess on my desk -
Stealing scenes without the benefit of having shapely legs (though I'm sure their nice in their own peculiar way), the film is held together by Cleavon Little, who earns the majority of the film's intentional laughs via his seemingly utter disdain for the material. Playing Sebastian, Hutton's chauffeur/butler/makeup artist, the deadpan Little injects the film with a liberal amount of snide comments and bitchy one-liners.
But I was horribly frustrated. I couldn't find the words. That place, the journey, what I felt, what I knew, what I touched on, the understanding that was so profound yet wouldn't solidify into description as if it were some perfect psychedelic trip while held safe in the arms of the man who was both guide and the drug itself. Except I wasn't in his arms.
Amy's card is brilliantly CAS - Love the olive, orange and blue together, and I thought it was clever the way the clouds run off the side of the card.
For the world championships.
i couldn’t really think at that point. i didn’t know what to do.
When my stock had the flavour I wanted, I strained it into my cock pot to keep warm over night. I also picked off whatever little remnants of chicken that were left on the carcass and added that to the stock.
As I say this was last weekend and this coming weekend Koichiro is having an exhibition of British slipware in his gallery, the plan was that the pots that I sent would be enough for both shows. They weren't! I had an email yesterday to see if I had any more and could I possibly get some to him as soon as possible. Very exciting news indeed.
This is all to be expected in America, the ''nation of immigrants'', the Multicult Melting Pot, or is the term 'salad bowl' now considered de rigueur?
Based on Rose's post about her success great mistake in using unbleached flour in a bundt pan, I decided to use unbleached flour in my cupcakes. Am I mad? A bundt pan is clearly not a cupcake liner. But whilst reading Rose's post, one of the few remaining synapses in my brain fired, and I recalled making about 120 cupcakes from Rose's TCB white velvet buttercake recipe with unbleached flour and they were soft and gorgeous and perfect. So, I reasoned, small pan size + ambivalence to bleachedness of flour = success.
Despite a slight mishap (I dropped a whole tray of finished ones on the floor!), these were a LOT of fun to make! They are not the usual cake pops that are made from mushed up cake and frosting and then formed into balls. These little (chocolate) cakes are baked in balls and then dipped in melted chocolate.
17 Nov 2010: Euromonitor Don Hedley describes the “perfect storm” of legislation affecting global tobacco. Describes plain packs as a “nightmare” that will cause “the mother of all battles
Date Ordered: 26/02/2012
We arrived in Montana at 2:30 in the morning, slept for three hours, and were up and boiling water for the hot water bottles by 6:00. At 7:00, equipment packed and requisite eight layers of insulating clothing donned, we headed to the snowmobiles, and by 7:30 we were at the trap, where two members of the field crew, in another act of dedication, had spent the night camped out in the snowstorm to make sure that F3 was okay.
This is the last of the famous international...erm... the final goal by Paul Heaton, Stan Cullimore and Co !
$20 thousand we decided, a fart in a warehouse to a star like Cake.
It's all about fun... his division is 3 and 4 year olds. They named their team the Coyotes. They are so cute to watch and we cheer wildly (even when they score in each other's goals) :-)
Here is what happens to my lips after i've worn the lipsticks (for about an hour or two) and removed the colour with tissues and a makeup wipe (no cleanser):
:: a glass of wine ::
Ethics in the Real Estate Business
and it astounds me
When.
love OUR enemies as we are foolish in resentments but those who HATE God are
I hope you are all enjoying time with your families this season!
Here's our home - March 2012.
I can't remember quite when I bought my Doctor Martens, but it was certainly before they became a fashion brand and the price shot through the roof. However old they are, still intact and wearing well. They may well have been the last item I splashed some cash on, other than a couple of pairs of pyjamas.
2. SUNKEN EYES. I would love to know where this came from! Vegetarians and vegans have bright, vibrant eyes. Like I said, seeing one of the group and judging the whole group based on that one person is silly. Spinach, broccoli, carrots and other vegetables cause the eyes to function better and therefore, this stereotype is invalid. Vegans and vegetarians have the best eyes. In fact, a study done on these kind of eaters confirmed that they have better eyesight.
1 curving
"America's Backyard" was the decor theme inside the pavilion, and when America's Backyard is the South Lawn of the White House, the guests are equivalently impressive.
and bring back those of Israel I have kept.
A lot of them got rid of a lot their stuff. They sold it or gave it away.
*Most, but not all the photographs on the site were taken by me.
We all may love Paramapurusha, we all may love Jehovah, we all may love Allah! Hara hara mahadeva! Aum namahsivaaya!
I spoke to her as she sobbed and I tried to calm her down. She was lonely and desperate for company and a change of environment. She was stuck on the fourth floor of a council block. She couldn’t use the lift, even though she was mobile, because it scared her (she’d been trapped in it when it broke down in the past), so she tended to use the stairs when she went to church. This is a major challenge for such a frail little old lady. Maybe Councils should consider where they put the elderly when it comes to accommodating them.
Bela Koe-Krompecher's 26th birthday party at Stache's in Columbus, Ohio, June 18, 1994. The party actually started at 3:00 PM in Bela's backyard. Kegs were flowing, and Pete Jamison manned the grill, while Bela's grandmother, (beer in hand), presided over the whole affair from a lazy boy in the middle of the yard. Records were traded, lies were told, and perception was severely impaired. Around 10:00 PM the party went mobile, stumbling a few blocks away to Stache's. The drink of choice was Rolling Rock, and before GBV took the stage, at least one band member caught a nap.
What I DO know is that although it's the hardest thing ever - it's also the most rewarding thing ever. Having that sick girlie hold on to you so tight - never wanting you to let go - coolest feeling ever! Having that little munchkin hug you because you made her a milkshake to soothe her throat - BEST THING EVER!
If you would like a chance at winning not 1, but 3 paper packs, then get your scrapping supplies out and make a start on the Recipe Challenge we have for you this week
This year looks not much at all about PRESENTS ...
What makes this natural process a fertile source of problems is that we apply these nonrational cues to words that also denote rational concepts, and then confuse the two. Watch the way people talk about a political concept central to their society’s self-image: for example, the concept of democracy here in America. The social self, that unruly horse, insists that democracy—"real democracy"—ought to live up to standards that no real political system can achieve. What ought to be called "real democracy" is the cumbersome, corrupt, flawed, but functional system that emerges when real human beings have the right to elect officials and vote on issues. Still, that’s not how the horse sees it; to the horse, democracy is an emotionally charged symbol rich with warm feelings, and "real democracy" means that symbol in some impossibly perfect manifestation on the plane of everyday life.
I do not want to learn how to fly a plane.
The following update was posted by a BAnewcomer member:
Collecting things
In our homeschool this week: It was a quiet week, more or less. We had the Bookmobile here on Wednesday, along with friends for lunch and fellowship. The kids loved Awana on Wednesday, and worked hard on memorizing their verses. The nice gentlemen there gave us the extra pizza they had to take home. Thank you, guys! All Three of the Amigos love their Who Am I? Bible study from Apologia. They listen to the cd while they are eating breakfast each morning. Firefly is progressing with her All About Reading and likes to play Reading Eggs and Ooka Island. Ladybug and Cowboy also love their Reading Eggs lessons, and have enjoyed a brief trial of K5 Learning (review on Monday). They all *heart* Math Rider! Nanny worked with Ladybug on her reading and said she is doing very well. Cowboy is also doing quite well. I think we will do more book work and some notebooking/lapbooking next week. All of these online product reviews have taken us away from that and we miss it.
· One position requires a working knowledge of the amendment process inclusive of client and ADP.
﻿“Disclosure of Material Connection: I received one or more of the products or services mentioned above for free in the hope that I would mention it on my blog. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
Nicole from Southern Magazine wrote to check out the bridesmaids dresses, and I did more than just that! I love the color of the dress combined with that pink sash. And the bouquets are gorgeous!
How did they feel when they first heard about the death of Trayvon Martin?
i like this foundation and will enjoy using it up. it has a very natural skin like finish that i love and it is very comfortable to wear. it is the perfect day time foundation for me as it isnt heavy duty coverage but it does even out my skin and blur my pores out very well. i dont like using this for nights out as the coverage isnt heavy enough and there is a very slight white cast in flash photos. nothing too dramatic like i have seen with estee lauder double wear but it IS slightly evident. i am disappointed that i will not be able to wear this on warmer days but i am happy it lasts in other situations. i would repurchase this but not right away as i want to explore the vast offerings available in the foundation world.
Last year, Dylan would NOT go on any of the water slides. No way, no how. This year, I figured that since he has (mostly) gotten over his fear of getting his face wet, that it would be fine. We walked over to the water slides, and Jim tried to get him to go on the smallest one, while I waited to take a picture. And waited... and waited... and waited. Finally, I went over and said, "Dylan, I know you're scared, but sometimes you just have to try things that are scary, and you might find out you like them. So, which one do you want to do, the red one or the orange one?" "The red one, OR the orange one?!", he whined, looking at me like I was just the meanest mommy ever. "Yes, which one?" "Oh, all right! The orange one, I guess", he sighed pitifully. But, guess what? After that first time on the orange one? He did it again, and again, and again, and then the red one several times! I was so proud, I had to refrain from shouting, "THAT'S MY KID!" and laying an egg.
Post Workout Shake:
What are the roots that clutch, what branches grow
Anyway, what I found was a lot of cool chrome, and some interesting characters too!
and I had 1/2 a batch of cream puff dough left....... since I hate to waste things
It’s not working. It will never work. Jesus attained…alone. In His great love, He made us something we could never be without Him. Moral beings. He took our infirmities or better known as our personal, moral failures.
I actually have been making lots of food lately. but quite lazy with the posting of it. I get half way through a good recipe and say, man I should been taking photos. bummer. I wanted to share some of them with y'all. Most I have found on Pinterest. Most have been quite tasty too.
I had no idea what I would learn. Stepping into the Columbus airport at Wednesday night at 10pm, I rubbed my groggy eyes after a 6 hour flight from San Francisco, CA, which included a one layover in Kansas! The Honda exhibition pictured is the first thing that catches my eye. Welcome to Ohio!
What they lack in size, they make up in cute.
i WOULD recommend this foundation if:
Little girls, little girls, everywhere I turn--they're being marginalized...
Crying in the rain
Just yesterday, I got the Mighty Plantation. I’ve since planted more crops and purchased a hot rod tractor that allows me to plow 6 plots at a time. If I choose high-yield short-term crops, I’ll probably be able to stockpile quite a few coins. I still have my eye on that Manor.
After a whizz round and lots of stretching and pulling, a top was born. I held my breath waiting to see if it would fit Little Bun. I always worry that I might have gone nuts and cut the wrong size or something else as daft. Turns out it fits perfectly and she loves it as it's really comfy.
Assistant City Fiscal Luis B. Reyes for respondent.
“Careful, Fletch,” Jack said, and his low voice slithered across Fletch’s nerves like an icy-hot finger. “Thoughts like that can get a man strung up and left for the rats. I hear it’s an unpleasant way to die.”
Lime Green. Every girl needed to have an item of clothing in lime green. Whether it be slippers, a t shirt, a bracelet, or a hat… We needed it. Speaking of lime green, neons are currently making a huge comeback and I might just dig into my 90s gear to sport it. Thoughts?
My dear friend Catherine left us 3 months ago after her courageous battle with cancer. And I cherish that day 2 years ago more than ever. I am so thankful for her and I miss her every day.
Members of the United Nations General Assembly vote to endorse the Arab League’s plan for Syria’s President Bashar al-Assad to step aside, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York February 16, 2012 (Reuters / Andrew Kelly)
Doing something charming cannot be said for this cat: she is not mine, she is from an apartment nearby but she visits everyday and often sits at my desk, in front of my computer, looking for attention.
HAPPY WINGS: rose & violet blended with calming lavender & sweet woodsy scents….sweet floral notes with a hint of woodsy aura, spread your wings and have a happy day!
Well, fine then. I suppose I’ll have to make due with attacking the Santa that Mom made. Oh, it’s filled with catnip. There will be much carnage. It will be very sad. That is, when I’m not actively eating the tree. Mom hates when I do that, because I tend to get sick.
Therefore be it
What are you planning to do with zeal in May? Over the summer? How have you seen attitude change the outcome of a situation?
Jack catching woolly worms and naming them
-Work on improving my posture!
Join Nonfiction Monday!
When she called my number and heard the outgoing voice message that says it’s a production company, she assumed that it was a porn site.
Which reminds me of the lady who wrote in her cover letter that in her present position she had relations with one hundred and eighty-seven clients!
You just had to look at the modern breed of vice-chancellor and compare them to the old breed - Duminy, Malherbe, Bozzoli - who had fought for academic freedom against apartheid, to understand how much had been lost. Not just in courage and intellectual gravitas, but in intellectual depth and, indeed, in truthfulness. Occasionally, even black intellectuals like Mamphela Ramphele remarked aloud that the universities seemed to have fallen asleep, that there was no more protest, no more critical thought coming from that direction. Such observations would fall like hail on the roof: an immediate clatter and then they were gone, melted. For no one cared to enquire too deeply at how bad the damage was, how Mamphela herself had caused enormous damage when she was vice-chancellor of UCT. It wasn't just that the truth was painful. It was embarrassing.
waited long;
I played mostly by the light of these trees.
as Muslim there and got in trouble in Koranic Studies for making faces
two doves or feathers
Graeme Fife – Snipe 3909
All the hoses and the watering cans are out and ready to be put to use. I like a bit of regimentation. The one on the red chair is quite old and came from Steptoes Yard a treasure trove for lovers of old garden implements.
Refering to the template above, we now draw the vertical cut line and this has to be perpendicular to the horizontal line (at 90 degrees). So line up your horizontal line of your circle along one of the horizontal grid on your cutting mat and then draw one vertical line.
Quote: Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does. ~ Josh Billings
Mood: romantic, storybook
MAC Satin Taupe e/s:
Today is a big day. Today, you become dangerous. Today, you are declaring war. You have spent years learning about your weapon, the sword of the Spirit, the Word of God. You have learned all about it. You’re not experts yet, but you’ve got the basics. Today you’re getting out of boot camp and joining the war effort. You chose as your class verse Psalm 23:4. It says, “Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.” And that is your rallying cry as you move to the battlefront. Today, I tell you: Be dangerous! To do that, recognize that you are invading hostile territory. Also, trust your general.
Depending on who you ask, the total debt bill of the Irish nation ranges from €160 billion to the region of €400 billion.
Do you then just press “0” and beg for a live body to speak with??
The counter-attack on Roe has been single vector and has not utilized any of the Leftist playbook strategies against things like smoking. Wait? Playbook strategies?
It’s never that simple with TSO. They relish in stories within stories within…
Delinquent - Dark purple with bright purple sparkle
Another one I look at daily. ;)
How's the last week before Christmas been so far?
There are several restaurants on the property, including a bar on the beach. All the meals have been just phenomenal and a delight to the senses. Delicious…did I say that already?!
The alleged gunman then ordered the woman to help him get the body out of the car, and left it in a nearby veld.
It has also been received with great enthusiasm in the Polish capital, Warsaw, where crowds took to the streets outside the British and French embassies cheering and singing.
Screw the recession and money that's tight,
Ladies, here are your questions:
She really has charisma, she always does things sufficiently and she’s also smart. But, she also has aspects that are cute just like a little sister.
My Garmin had already died, which at the time seemed better than the bad news it kept giving me. Also, my right ear bud kept falling out, so music, which I normally am obsessed with having, felt like an annoying chore.
My little love, it's so fun watching you grow. We got Jake's old bike out for you this month and every day you want to ride it (right now we just do it in the garage until we can find the helmet!) You also ask about going to school -- you love doing Jake's drop off and pick ups. It will be way too soon for me before you are happily off to school, yourself!
Veterinarians are very important for the well being of your pet so you need to select one and select a well deserved one for your special animal.
The reason town centres are dying is so simple and you barely read or hear a word about it. Parking restrictions have removed on-street parking in front of the shops. No one with a car can get near to the shops and they drive right past to the superstores with their huge, low taxed car parks.
06. Another Brick In The Wall (part 2)
Spring onions, 3 stalks
For more information contact Erica Plasse at 718-237-2017 x149.
We walk back down the hill to the son, who is about Logan’s age I’d say and are given some home made radish liquor. The ranger also drops by and we are all having a “chat”, with us guessing words and using hands and feet for communication. We find out that Toni is 39 and Guido 40 years old. I suppose I’m feeling more comfortable by now and enjoy learning some Italian. He tells us that his house is actually a restaurant and guesthouse for hikers, who are mostly German, Austrian and Swiss. But since it’s only April, the season hasn’t started yet. I think Logan loves it that much, he’d like to live here for a while and he asks if they got employees for the season. He responds that his mother does the cooking and his brother is the builder and helps out as a waiter. It is a lovely place and we keep seeing animals around, still hoping for a wolf or a bear to turn up.
There are no minimum requirements to what you need to do to link up! However, I would appreciate it if you found atleast 3-5 new blogs you'd LIKE to follow and follow them via Google Friend Connect (GFC) Comment and let them know you found them thru Follow Friday! This way, the purpose of this project actually works!
Alright, onto the actual discussion of gay marriage, gay marriage vs. civil unions, DOD, anti-gay marriage amendment to the constitution, etc.
They began their descent by putting their heads under the water so their backsides stick straight up in that comical way that always reminds me of a poem I learnt as a child.....The Ducks Ditty by Kenneth Graham...
This film gives the viewer a much different approach to what we expect in horror films. The basic formula is dissected and explained. The film was written by Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer), who gave us a reason as to why so many slasher films follow the same set of guidelines. I thought that was clever, cause when you think about it, so many horror flicks really are the same.
"Guess which door I'm at." The nastiest part of this is that knowing what we know about Billy and Stu there is no correct answer for poor Barrymore to give. Say what you will about Williamson's script but Scream is the rare horror movie that is built to hold up in hindsight.
You are my hero, my guiding star.
All this should be borne in mind when reading the following description of the procedure. Look at the drawings but remember that they cannot convey the inner dynamic of movement.
The areas of life that remain outside the government’s participation, taxation, subsidization, regulation, surveillance, and other intrusion or control have become so few and so trivial that they scarcely merit mention. We verge ever closer upon the condition in which everything that is not prohibited is required. Yet, the average American will declare loudly that he is a free man and that his country is the freest in the world. Thus, in a country where more and more is for the state, where virtually nothing is outside the State, and where, aside from pointless complaints, nothing against the State is permitted, Americans have become ideal fascist citizens. Like the average German during the years that Hitler ruled Germany, most Americans today, inhabiting one of the most pervasively controlled countries in the history of the world, think they are free.
Over the years I've loved every concert of his that I have attended - Tchaikovsky, Korngold and Stravinsky concerti among them, as well as startlingly wonderful Enescu and Schumann at the Wigmore Hall, countless delicacies in Verbier and a good few inspiring interviews. Kavakos has always struck me as one of those artists in whom all the synapses seem to work unimpeded: there's a direct flow from imagination to Strad to listener's ear. He's an unconventional player - he keeps his bowing elbow unusually relaxed, for one thing, and the sound is often gentle, refined, detailed. Inspirations, if I remember aright, include accounts and pictures of Joseph Joachim, plus the folk style of Kavakos's father's traditional Greek band. Also nice to see a major company signing an artist for substance ahead of photogenic concerns.
Sermon over (apologies to David Fickling for ripping off bits of his talk).
Another great way to beat the money monster that is Atlantis, order Dominos Pizza! They will deliver to the Lobby of the resort, and two large pizzas and a 2L of pop cost only $30.00! Not my favorite but the kids would choose this over conch salad any day, and this was one of their favorite meals.
Tucson, Arizona has some of the nicest weather.
combine sugars, salt, and tapioca in a large bowl. mix well. Add rhubarb and blueberries and toss until fruit is well coated.
mounting a folding support arm between each side beam on the inner frame and an associated side member on the outer frame, each arm being pivotally mounted on each frame and being foldable intermediate its ends between an extended position corresponding to the downwardly extending in-use position of the inner frame and a folded position corresponding to the nesting position of the inner frame,
-Desires of the Dead by Kimberly Derting
There’s no battle to end all battles in this industry but there’s no point either trying to reason with two deadly droids, armed with the latest technology. We have two of the season’s hottest smartphones in combat mode and Android supremacy is the prize. The HTC One X and the Samsung Galaxy S III are cast in the same mold and stand at the pinnacle of Android revolution. Two big, scary droids and room for only one.
This makes about 4 cups cooked grits. Serve immediately.
A wallet is one of the main items that many people carry around on their body. Whether they have money or identification on them, it is something that is valuable to them. With many people who are trained at pick pocketing, you should watch out exactly where you place your wallet.
Which I did.. when I was 19.
So 24/7 daylight Crash Course Lesson 1: Love the sun. And get blinds.
Over at Spinetingler you can check out some poster art n shit from Julian Grant's Fuckload of Scotch Tape production. Three weeks left to shoot on that monster and Julian promises to be 'balls deep' in editing when I head to Chicago in January to hold him accountable. Looks boss so far. Eager to hear Kevin Quain put to Julian's images.
Up with a suddenly-sick Roo and remembering when she was small. Heck, I even put on an Disney film (I think it's Disney - the one with the cows that save their farm?) and curled her up on the sofa, just like when she was an eence. Fed her some ibuprofen and some ice cream, small sips of lime soda (okay, I was out of ginger ale) and patted her hair until she drowsed. She looks so little when she sleeps.
”It’s been fun to work with her because she’s been one of the most vocal critics of this work years ago and it’s great that she’s come about and changed her views,“ Professor Tilly said.
As a matter of fact I am drinking this brew while decompressing after a long day at work on the deck. Granted my dogs are watching me from the back door, but that's only because they were being jerks and barking up a storm at 10:30 at night and have lost their privilege to frolic in the yard. I think they would enjoy this beer too, but they are dogs, and I'm not a big fan of giving your pets booze. But anyway, this is a fantastic beer and I look forward to drinking more of it while its around, you should too...
Ann stood up.
The first part of this discussion will look at radical education alternatives in the Montreal-area presented by members of the Rad School, Cap Libre and a presentation on “Unschooling: Learning through Living”.
So a bunch of unschooler friends are heading to a Big Unschooler Gathering this weekend on a beach in South Carolina and here we are all Envious in Indiana. Sort of like Sleepless in Seattle without the email thing.
Politicians and pundits alike, in policy papers and assorted disquisitions (including a State Department Human Rights Report), expound on the tragic tribulations of Zimbabwe. They use strong language and active verbs to implicate Mugabe and his ZANU-PF party henchmen for banning political protest, suppressing “freedom of speech, press, assembly, association, and academic freedom,” rigging elections, rounding up and torturing opposition leaders, to say nothing of detaining them without trial; displacing over 700,000 people by turning them out of their shanties; seizing the commercial white-owned farms which fed the country and generated its exports, causing widespread starvation, and making Zimbabwe aid dependent.
