contributor of female peacekeepers.
What a test of skill and wits. All those games Mexico played these last few weeks against England, the Netherlands and Gambia made them into a well-oiled machine. It showed on the field today: Mexico 2, Italy 1.
In the interview, he said that he had discussed the issue around the dinner table with his wife and daughters. He said he’d heard from service members who, even after the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, felt constrained because they aren’t allowed to get married.
Zac Efron appears to be playing the ideal man in The Lucky One. He’s a politely moody, lightly brooding ex-Marine who oh-so earnestly values the lives of others. He walks across entire states just to thank a lady he’s never met. He reads highbrow literature (Moby Dick). He plays the piano beautifully. He can fix old tractors and boats, bathe old dogs and fix up old crumbling yet still picturesque lakeside mansions. He has thoughtful greeting-card-slogan tattoos (“All Glory Is Fleeting”). His eyes, muscles and, most likely, his very soul seem to gleam in the perfect Louisiana sunlight. I actually thought there might be a rug-pull twist near the end where it’s revealed that he’s actually playing Christ. Or some kind of ‘higher alien being’. Or, perhaps, a stalker (as inferred by one character late in the film). Of course he’s merely ‘perfect Zac-fron’: wounded war hero, loner and dab hand at looking mournfully chiseled. Was there even a question that single Southern belle Taylor Schilling wouldn’t consider nailing him in place when she first claps eyes on him?
Yoochun sighed. “That’s why… I don’t know what to do!”
Butter, 1 table spoon
Place frying pan on the heat.
Till each quick breath end in a sigh
Overseas sales last month “cannot make us optimistic” and are “expected to have negative year-on-year growth due to Chinese New Year and other factors,” Chen said yesterday in a written response to Bloomberg News. “Chinese trading companies …
The story was absolutely enthralling for me. I could not put this book down. When I had to, my mind was preoccupied with it while I cooked dinner, worked, did basically anything else. Susan weaves history into the story (sometimes with too much instruction) but still in a well-researched and comfortable way.
I was a bit discouraged hoping to see God move in Jonah’s life as he had in Nathan’s. But the boy kept falling asleep. What was I to do? After the service was over, we went to dinner since we had little time before we had to return to pick up Nathan from youth group. When Nathan got into the car, Jonah told him about Nick. He reiterated every detail. He remembered the video and some of the message. Nick was ten years old when he tried to commit suicide. That is the age of my twins. I was overwhelmed when he shared that part of his testimony. I didn’t know if Jonah was listening, but he was. Why do I insist on keeping God small?
We’re not the guys working construction who whistle chauvinistically from across the street three stories above you as you walk to work. I mean, come on, girls! Any sexism I may exhibit would be way more sophisticated than hollering at you in the street! When I perv on you, I'm perving on you on a whole other, much deeper level, baby.
It’s easier to cut most of the veggies in large pieces first. After everything’s done and cooled, I remove what I don’t want (parsnip, some onion, celery tops) and slice up what I do want – diced turnip, sliced carrot and celery – and return to pot.
I will be seeing K today and we are going to start putting together a wish list for the new house. I will keep you posted on that because I know some of you might like to help with donations of house-things.
Master, do You not care that we are perishing?
a cowardice of crows,
It is finally done, minus a headboard, a new comforter, and a few posters. And, it is beautiful. Besides the bitchen new Container Store hardware-installed closets with the sliding mirror doors, there's a desk, her dresser has an "ambient orb" on top of it, which is as cool as it sounds, a new CD player, a new clock radio that shows the time in a variation of colors, accordion toy baskets that hang from the ceiling, and her insanely comfortable bed with the top-of-the-line Serta mattress. In short, as the man put it, it's the perfect kid's room.
Welcome again to another Creative Mondays! Thank you to everyone that linked up for the last challenge! The theme of this challenge is going to be "stitching" faux or real.
Please continue to view and enjoy Collectors' Quest
The actual new highway. At this point we have left the river but not necessarily the wetlands. There is no more riparian vegetation. The people who built the road were obliged to plant trees along the path, we will see if they make it, here they don’t seem to have.
"unhindered and permanent monitoring of Israel’s nuclear potential and Iran’s nuclear facility through an international entity that the government of both countries would approve.”
However, it's time for a new home. That is, providing I find just the right one. I've been scurrying about, looking at neighbourhoods, trying to sort out just what I would like for the next indeterminate chunk of time. Maybe one person doesn't really need a lot of space, but I'm looking for more than my current 1000 square feet and a bit of a view. Not the acres that some of you may have, just a lot where I can plant some tulips, peonies, roses, the occasional tomato and see something worth looking at beyond the property line.
We all know what it's like to pump gas in cold weather. The metal of the nozzle can be ice-cold! Not to mention standing there in freezing temperatures while pumping gas.
So many times in life, and in today’s society, we are forced to think of what’s ahead. In high school, you are constantly looking forward to college. In college, you are encouraged to start thinking of your post-college plans as a sophomore. When you’re dating, you constantly think forward to getting married or engaged (guilty!). Once you get married, you start planning for kids (not there yet- but it’s just my guess :)
"If we see smoke, we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action."
Poor Davos. He loyally served Stannis, even after the guy shortened all the fingers of one hand and for that fidelity, he is forced to witness the Red Witch’s magic. The poor guy looks absolutely terror stricken! Watch your ass Renly, something is coming for you!
Breakthrough Performance – Adventure:
8 ounces self raising flour (a scant 2 cups)
At a tea party attended by other “mad” women of Paris, she has brought together representatives of the despoilers of the earth and wreckers of its happiness, and has them tried and condemned to extermination. In a scene which mounts into the realms of high poetic comedy, she sends the culprits one by one, lured by the scent of oil and undreamed-of riches, into a bottomless pit which opens out of her cellar.
Today, Maggie and I made time for a little adventure. I had one work assignment near this place, and I'd been wanting to explore it for a long time. Since I only had one job, I took a chance and took the dog. It was perfect. No one was home, so I got my pictures, and then we went to the Walkinshaw Wetland.
...Awesome food vendors selling all kinds of authentic street foods from meats on a stick, rolls, noodles and pancakes (which unfortunately we skipped as that was the fateful night of the epic fail (in terms of access to food) known as 626 Night Market in Pasadena - where we expected to be able to gorge on all kinds of fantastic pan-asian street foods...great expectations dashed...in retrospect we wish we gorged at Wat Thai!)
Jesus gave up his spirit to the hands of his Father; freely laying down that precious life of his which no man could take away from him.
Okay, so today I did NOT want to write. It’s Sunday, my one day off with wifesy and I want waffles. But, I’m committed to this post a day thing, so here I sit typing away while she sautés something that smells delicious.
A gung ho PR person in charge of getting a reclusive country western singer to perform live at a small function is responsible for him possibly losing his ranch for children. Tyler Davidson would rather deal with a large concert hall audience than come face to face with a few people. Such thoughts are beyond Abie Halloway’s thinking, but as she learns to understand what the ranch means to Tyler and comes to care for him in this sweet romance / inspirational, she realizes she does not want to be the one to cause his downfall.
Good evening everyone! I had a rather busy day. Thankful for the rain to put me in a relaxed mood. I will be working on some mini albums and scrapbook layouts for Scrapbook News and Review.
She took a long nap and after she woke up, we stayed at the guest house and played. When she was awake, she'd alternate between letting me touch her and batting my hand away. I carried her in the Ergo and she loved it. When I say I kissed her around 1,000 times a day, I would say that's not an exaggeration. I kissed her and held her as much as she would allow.
Genesis 1:2 shows us that the Holy Spirit was also involved in the work of Creation. Thus all three members of the Godhead were active in the Creation of earth and mankind and the Sabbath.
our train was set for cinque terra, which i think means 5 towns, because there is a stretch of the coastline that has 5 very quaint little towns that are stacked on the steep hillside down to the ocean.
Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorders
This curriculum was an idyllic method to fully appreciate the diverse and interesting aspects of the history of South Africa. But even without travelling at all, the Footprints curriculum package is a wonderful, rich learning experience for those who can read the amazing ‘living-books’, research online and go on some relevant outings!
the time and effort that went into writing each and every post
Sally had found a hairbrush and was running it through her hair. Jen was munching on a Triscuit.
Idioma launched in October 2011 at the Language Show, Olympia, London. They received a warm reception from a curious audience comprising primary and high school teachers, enthusiastic language-orientated parents, academics and companies of all shapes and sizes. There has been great support for a useful hands-on activity product such as the Idiomat. Associated with the mat are many role playing activities. Delegating table-setting to your child is going to yield a much needed responsibility. Fulfilling this task in a world language, or in English, will give the child a sense of importance, confidence and theatricality. It may well engender a curiosity about differently formed words and sounds. As a parent, you may find yourself being drawn into this world of sounds. Maybe you yourself start to take an interest in Spanish, or reflect on where you parted company with German, as a young person. The Idiomats are designed to cater for different language skills/levels.
Based on my own personal experience, here are the top 5 skills that I believe are required for building a successful team within a marketing department or organization:
And as excited as I am about all of this, I feel like I need to get something off my chest. I want to preface this by saying that I love you guys and I appreciate you and I know that I wouldn't be here without you. But lately, I've been getting more and more feedback stating that you don't think that's true. And I've also been getting yelled at more because I'm not doing things how or when you wanted me to.
Once again, this is fiction. And since it’s a cozy mystery, someone--a person--has to die. Mamie is the primary suspect, since the victim is someone who has been hounding her about her hoarding. So here is Lauren’s dilemma: she despises the fact that Mamie has abused animals--but can she allow her aging, confused mentor to be prosecuted for a crime against people that she most likely didn’t commit?
Marriages and families are broken down and lay in waste.
We're looking for people who want to write serious, intelligent articles about International Cinema, preferably with the aim of exploring a particular element of that nation's cultural output. For example: French New Wave in relation to the films that inspired it and the world of 60s France; Hong Kong action films and their influence on the Action Genre worldwide; Or any variation on this theme you can come up with. If you want to concentrate on a particular director's output, that works too!
As Father Arbaux spoke with the condemned woman, a French officer approached, carrying a white cloth.
was at hand. The voice of intuition
I still had to stop at the grocery.
in dreamland
Then, hung them up using her existing curtain rods and curtain clips. Pretty easy, huh? It just adds a really great detail to the room. It would also be cool to do a greek key detail like I did on my table skirt........ like I said, the options with drop cloth curtains are endless!
Me: “I think that’s kind of racist.”
I saw her as very complex. As I mentioned in an earlier post, the most complete study of her to date is by Ruth Butler in her book "Hidden in the Shadow of the Master." Another study will be published late summer: "Monet and His Muse: Camille Monet in the Artist's Life" by Mary Mathews Gedo. I feel Claude never got over her early loss and, in his own way, searched for her all his life. He kept a portrait of her in his bedroom until he died. We will see what Ms. Gedo says!
So on Christmas Eve, while visiting Pod's family in Dempum, Santa tucked the rubber chicken into bed with Wonder Boy. At about 3 in the morning , Santa heard Wonder Boy turn over (as we were all sharing a room) and come face to face with the rubber chicken. "What the...?," he asked. Then, in delight, "it's my rubber chicken!" And no more sleep was had by W.B. or Santa at that point.
but until we win the lottery that we don't play, it will get paved with stones and be a seating area.
Thanks, Pittsburgh. It's been fun.
A recent paper by two economists at the University of Oslo found that 30% of preschool boys with blue eyes were “socially wary,” compared to only 3% of those with brown, green, or grey eyes.
It’s a little snippet of what the company can look forward to if they hire me for the internship. Since it is a local company, I used my own photo of George’s Island as the backdrop and added a virtual ribbon (I dig handmade) and a teeny photo of me (I know unless you are a model you shouldn’t include a photo but I felt it needed one).
When he comes out to say hello
The ruling, just 15 sides long, dismissed the licensee's application. MCPS was entitled to require pay-as-you-go payments from a licensee which was a small business with no previous track record. However, it could have explained more effectively why it needed to do so and its terms were by no means clear. MCPS's application for costs is now pending: it has to keep its submission to just two sides and the tribunal reminded it that this was a (bargain basement) paper-based hearing.
Mel recently bought herself a 'big-girl' / typical father's day(?) purchase of her own...an outdoor grill, which I think is hysterical yet amazing. This has inevitably lead to many a BBQ already. ~Bless you spring and all the outdoor joy you bring~
Day 234: Torpor Touch
I've also been hand quilting Tiggly Winks. It has been a real struggle to try and summon up the enthusiasm to work on it. It's about 3/4 finished and I've made the decision I just don't like it. Life is short and I'd rather spend my valuable time working on something else.
The atmosphere of sharing ideas, of swapping news, of being amongst people who know the highs and lows, is rejuvenating. I'm looking forward to listening, laughing, sharing and clinking glasses over this wonderful thing we do.
Eeeeehm... next topic.
There’s always something in there to love. Great artwork or an excellent script or a brilliant cover. I guess from a personal perspective, it was also instrumental in my own development as a comics creator – from learning to copy Mike McMahon and Kev O’Neil’s art as a kid to writing Rogue Trooper years later.
2) As trust develops, plan outings to determine what your platonic crush uses to substitute sex. Perhaps it’s a myth that a platonic relationship requires a substitute for sex, but it’s at least profitable to know what your potential partner is really looking for, as for many this is uncharted territory. Some of the most desirable sex substitutes in my opinion include cultural activities, travel, enlightened discussion, dance, playing music and reading together. By the way, if you aren’t convinced yet that a platonic relationship is an excellent life choice, consider how these activities can be heightened by the participation of a partner you know and trust.
Show your friends how much you care. Send this to everyone you consider a FRIEND including me if you consider me a friend. If it comes back to you, then you’ll know you have a circle of friends.
*Leave a comment to be eligible for a free copy of Beyond Me, and visit Kathi at www.kathimacias.com.
A Stephen Donald penalty was all New Zealand had to show for their first-half effort, but they quickly struck back after the break, closing the gap to 17-13 after centre Conrad Smith sped through for a try in the 48th minute and Donald added the conversion and a penalty.
Of course, others have found these tools and the craft brewing movement seems to be having a resurgence. Hopefully, it will serve as inspiration for me to brew more and better beers and not as an excuse to quit. We shall see.
You may say, “Why should I care about the new English translation of the Mass, I’m not a Catholic!” Regardless of your personal beliefs the spiritual and social significance of this translation cannot be brushed aside. Regardless of how you “feel” about this translation, the Mass, Catholicism, or religion in general, 25% of the U.S. population is Catholic.
RR—Right. Well, now we’ve heard during the course of our researches in various places, we’ve heard that truck sound—I’ve heard that out in the Llano Basin, out in those granite mountains out there around Enchanted Rock.
You notice that all is ordinary,
Grits continues to believe larger macro trends having little to do with the justice system account for much of the recent crime decline for both juveniles and adults. After all, even if you believe that keeping adults in prison longer (and for lessor offenses) has contributed to the overall, long-term crime reduction, that doesn't explain why juvie crime is declining even more rapidly. I often wonder if one of the biggest factors may be the rise of the internet, cell phones and video games, which occupy an extraordinary amount of youths' time that in my day would have been spent running the streets with much more potential for getting into trouble. The kid playing Grand Theft Auto IV for hours (or for that matter watching porn) is at home staring at a screen, not out jacking my car, spraying graffiti, burglarizing my house, etc.
30. What's in your pocket right now?
Quinn gets hit by a truck in what looks suspiciously like Smallville. Did the Fabray family move to a farm or something because that looked nothing like the suburbs? She reaches down to read the text Rachel sent her (another PSA: do not under any circumstances handle your mobile while driving!) and doesn’t see the truck coming her way. There’s a sickening crash and then we fade to black.
Guinsoo: I can sense his presence thanks to the chill down my spine.
About the book: Life on Earth is over and it's up to 251 teens aboard the spaceship Galahad to save the human race
We returned to the car and began our drive back to Darwin. There are several airstrips along this highway that were used during WWII by the fighter planes so we stopped and took some pictures. We also stopped in Humpty Doo for some lunch. We got back in time to clean up, and then we headed to the Darwin Sailing Club to attend the BBQ for the Indonesia Rally. It was an interesting group of people, and the food was excellent.
Scott JA. Keeping Women in Their Place: Exclusionary Policies and Reproduction. In Double Exposure: Women's Health Hazards on the Job and at Home. Chavkin W (Ed.) Monthly Review Press, New York, 1984: 183.
Madison County residents may contact the C.A.R.E organizations by calling Williams at 986-7840 or visiting the TLC website at www.tlccatrefuge.org.
Benefits from: Non Domicile status. Lots of Money. Very Little tax. Plenty of influence.
*Protein source can be a dairy on one day. Also protein can be eaten either for lunch or supper or both on all days.
-perform guitar and sing in front of an audience
Chris Bohjalian (pronounced Bow (as in the ribbon) — jail – yen – NYT bestselling author) was actually the very first good egg who gamely stepped forward to answer my questions.
Good: The lobby interior will be saved.
What starts as friendship, turns into admiration, respect and caring, until finally these two lone souls find they are truly in love with each other.
It's official. I win schmuck award of the year promising you this fabulous new blog time and time again only to find nothing yet has changed. I had every intention of going live on Sunday but as you can that hasn't happened. Thank you for your patience while I work on getting this figured out; and in the meantime sit tight. Blogger will not let me upload any photos so unfortunately the bloggy is going to remain post-less for a bit. I am so sorry!!
As Dr Ralph Blair points out, complementarity is what is in view here. Not a workmate as some insist. Others wrongly use the term to promote female inferiority and passive submission to “complement” male superiority. Complementarity involves seeking someone matching you, someone “like-opposite” you, complementary and perceived as fascinatingly other than your own sense of self.
who don’t like to be kissed in front of their friends,
And it makes me thankful for the grace quietly working to give me the strength to do the impossible and so thankful for a husband who is so patient and long-suffering with me.
Return On Engagement is relevant not only for your external social media efforts, but also for your internal efforts. According to a 2008 study by Gallup, about 54 percent of employees in the United States are not fully engaged, and 17 percent are actively disengaged. Only 29 percent are engaged.[1] The Gallup organization says:
Speaking of influence, it's been reported that ESPN has banned broadcast of all video from Thursday's banners - even though the network showed them several times on Thursday and Friday. I guess Woods and company have significant influence with the self-proclaimed "worldwide leader in sports" as well.
This is very different from what happens with many other verbs, such as those that denote sensorial perceptions, which still take objects in the accusative. For instance, audio, audire, auditus, “to hear”, takes objects in the accusative. The act of hearing could be considered as an action of finding and describing sounds.
That love has deepened over the years to prominently spotlight things in the spiritual realm of what some folks call improvised creative music. Indeed, the Japanese branch of Universal Music commissioned Conte to compile Spiritual Swingers (EmArcy, 2010 – also issued in Europe), focusing on the “deep, afrocentric, modal jazz from Universal Music Archives.” That set is a terrific mix of diverse features from Abbey Lincoln, Ahmad Jamal, Dorothy Ashby, Yusef Lateef, Roy Haynes, Mark Murphy, Klaus Weiss and others that lives up to its grandstanding title and Conte’s abiding love for this sort of thing.
Queens MC Junclassic hits us off with a brand new, 15 track collection of his works that he's amassed over the past 9 years of his recording career.
We decided to give Pumba to the owners of our neighboring farm as they had previously raised warthogs. It was so sad for us when we dropped her off at their house. Ruth and I balled our eyes out crying and Pumba even tried to follow us when we said goodbye, but the electric fence kept her in. Pumba had made our lives so much fun, but we had to do what was best for her.
The eldest of 10 children, Ang was born in 1949 in Kepala Batas, Penang, to a taxi driver father and homemaker mother. Life back then was about living day to day and making ends meet; sometimes living off just biscuits and water.
04 Gut Symmetries
Backing up a bit: SOPA, otherwise known as the “Stop Online Piracy Act,” is an anti-piracy bill that was being hustled along quietly through Congress until Wikipedia brought it to everyone’s attention. That company, and several others, blacked out their pages on January 18 in protest of the bill. (PIPA, or the Protect Intellectual Property Act, is SOPA’s Senate twin.) I followed the story with mild interest, sharing The Oatmeal’s own hilarious protest, and assumed that everyone was united in their opposition to this piece of legislation. Then, while reading through a discussion of the subject on Facebook, I came across a published author I know who offered a different point of view. Unfortunately, I was unable to arrange for an interview with her in time for today’s post, so I’ll have to paraphrase for now.
I swear I’ve never been a subject on Hoarders. I swear it.
But, no matter what the Spirit reveals to you, you will find your faith and trust in Jesus deepening. And as you experience His power to change your heart, His grace will flow out of you, helping everyone around you to experience that very same healing, freedom, and lasting joy.
Both! The ad was a sensation. It launched Tommy Hilfiger into huge success. demand increased globally. But, Tommy’s insecurity got the best of him. He apologized to all his peers and competitors stating that He didn’t see himself or his product this way but he was overruled in the decision to run the ad.
For my card, I printed out a digi stamp I had from Bugaboo Stamps- Stella and Gus series. I laughed when I bought it and I am laughing right now! I do think the "voices in my head" make a LOT of sense most of the time and I guess that scares everyone except me!
This section also suffers from having fewer quotes from writers in it. I missed discussion here of the big rule breakers of story, narrative and structure – of Padgett Powell’s and the Oulipo’s novels, Kathy Acker’s cut up method, Martin Crimp, Mac Wellman, Sarah Kane – writers throwing traditional concept of story – hero journey – out the window.
South Sudan has just achieved independence as an autonomous state, but is still on a slow recovery in the learning process. In general the value of young women in Sudan is a painful experience to explain in term of education, since they are only to be married off when they have reached the minimum adolescent age, usually between sixteen and seventeen years. This notion remains because of poverty and a way of life where parents demand dowries as income from their daughter.
We hope you find this web site useful, and we invite you to contact us with your questions at any time.
There's little point to debating what income tax rates should be. There's even less point to carping about "too much regulation." We will not liberate this country by accepting the totalitarians' premises and then haggling over details.
like a river
I've been dying to get my hands on a couple Hydrangea's this summer. They are so beautiful with their giant balls of multiple blossoms and rich colour. AND they come in a variety of colours and sizes, SO you'll be able to find one that is perfect for your own backyard too! Now is the perfect time to go shopping for perennials because everything is on sale and the nurseries just want to sell sell sell, to make room to grow new stock for next year! So I finally found two - both are different sizes and colours but both are equally gorgeous! Then I had to find a home for them in my backyard ... so I decided, well hey, lets just make a new flower bed. So the digging began ...
Fonda Don Martin
For some unfathomable reason, I only eat red cabbage on special occasions. This must be remedied inmediately, because it´s very easy and really great.
a. Star Trek
The question becomes: What are Conservatives doing wrong? Our public image sucks. People who are not Conservatives themselves do not have a clue what we stand for, because we have allowed the other side to define us...but also because we have abdicated the responsibility to define ourselves.
in the year twenty ten.
whispers through
Food cravings: Not really. I am finally getting to eat a little more normally.
Precautions
When I took on this venture of gardening, I hadn’t realized that many of the plants I decided on. . . well. . . spread. This is what my window-sill looks like in the springtime. There are usually a couple of plants from the prior year that have been transferred to soil, but even more that have been discovered and brought in.
Seems like a stretch? Check out these three maps.
Naturally, the legal blogosphere wanted to know more about Rakofsky’s practice. What they found was someone who grossly overinfliated his credentials to get clients. In one example:
She could have used some guidance as well.
To put it straight out there, men, if we see women sitting out tanda after tanda, we should make a point of asking them to dance. I've been as guilty of this as anyone--not really paying attention if certain women weren't being asked to dance because I was too wrapped up in my own tandas. At other times I've assumed that sooner or later a man would ask her to dance, only to realize later that wasn't happening.
The gift of the Holy Spirit and the calling to the promise (of eternal life) must be received together; and that repentance and baptism are required.
I would like to chat about something seriously today, if you don't mind too much.
KEY GET! Now you can go back to Runweld where the guard was guarding, inspect some bushes and have access to the basement. Just know that the monsters can be tough, but it's a good place to level from 10-30s or so.
a word here, phrase there, finally
the moment so vivid in the mind
There have been several examples of category errors made re:Twitter in recent months – from the prosecution of @pauljchambers (Twitter Joke Trial) and @Sir_Olly_C (Free the Bexley One) we have seen the legal application of ‘Public Communications network’ applied against Twitter without any relevant expertise being sought on exactly what Twitter was intended to be…
So not quite art, perhaps. Not at all in B&W.
(Universal) Taylor Kitsch, Brooklyn Decker, Alexander Skarsgard, Liam Neeson, Rihanna, Asana Tadanobu, Peter MacNicol, Joe Chrest, Rami Malek. Directed by Peter Berg
Alternate: The Road
Our home, studio and shoppe are smoke free environments -- we don't smoke, nor do our Artists, employees, family or friends. Your purchases are made, packed, and will arrive completely smoke free.
The last few chapters leading up to the ending were a total surprise for me. I'm not sure anyone could predict what happens. While this is a long book, I couldn't get through it fast enough. I devoured every page and it left me thinking every time I put the book down.
Mix in rice flour and continue tossing until well combined.
The composition illustrates that as one inhales cigarette smoke, the nicotine from it begins to trigger the creation of opioids in the brain. That will turn trigger the production of dopamine. Those chemicals send signals to our frontal lobe which generates the feelings of pleasure, smoothing of pain and reward.
The glutinous rice and the spicy fish floss can be served in a plate or wrapped in banana leaf.
Every girl (or guy) on a budgets dream catalogue is finally available! Its the IKEA 2012 catalogue! Mine is coming in the mail later this summer, but for now I am perfectly happy perusing through the online catalogue. I love how Ikea takes small spaces and packs 12 different functions into the room without making it feel overpowering. Especially since my home is on the teensy side.
Day 271 – April 18, 2012
Last year I took part in a Forever Nigella challenge & tried out her recipe for Love Buns (still makes me giggle!) Click here to take a look back at that post.
Take one simple glass, and metamorphosis into a faux mercury glass candle.
Over in the the candy floss land of Pink River, Carlos is beginning to make amends. There will be much more of this in Chapter 9 which I will upload in a few days!
A very fine Merlot indeed – 92 points.
gets the best of him.
of you, THANKS!
It’s an unwritten rule among the vendors, we don’t give them merch, we don’t ask for photos; they want to be there and shop for their produce and flowers and baskets like normal people. Jennifer usually has a flock of paparazzi chasing her, which I always thought was pathetic, and which makes her shop in a rather executive fashion. In any case, I was not about to ask her for a photo of her and her purchase, I always figured the paparazzi would take care of that for me.
Addendum: Just a bit more from the publisher’s site:
As much as some might find The Edge to be a “one-trick pony” simply milking one or two notes and of bunch of pedals and effects, I can’t say enough about this guy and the soundscapes he creates. Bono, despite his out-sized melodramatic character, is a gifted vocalist and lyricist and the essential frontman head of this Voltron. Larry Mullen has always provided the tribal chugging beats with a simple but often-unconventional approach; and while I could joke that no one would notice if bass player Adam Clayton was switched out for Jeff Goldblum, his subtle work on The Joshua Tree is effective.
Sensationalist you think? Can one really argue that Europe, run by unelected Marxists and ex-Communists, has failed to make fully clear their determination to disallow, by any means possible, democratic opposition to their vision of some unprecedented multicultural utopia in their unholy alliance with Islam, a political creed which hates Western civilisation almost as much as our rulers themselves?
Whether it's through texting, tweeting, blogging, instagram, HeyTell, these women
Here are some key excerpts from his paper.
I hadn’t heard of this one, never seen a preview, but when girls night comes around there’s no place to go these days sep Redbox and we found Like Crazy.
Probably one of the fastest years of my life, I guess that's what happens when you are having such a great time!! 2010 has been really good for us, it has been busy and productive. It's hard to just pin point one thing that was my favorite. Wait, who am I kidding? By far being married is the best thing out of 2010, yes the wedding was wonderful, just not nearly as wonderful as actually being married. It's weird because it feels so similar to when we were just engaged, but so totally different too! Anyway enough blabbing, here are a few of my favorite events/projects from the big 2010 ......
Pedal-powered and solar stage: live entertainment throughout the day with local bands
Pylons to be erected with high-voltage wires strung over this site will destroy its unique connection to the very landscape it seeks to honor.
FN7 Index No. 104403/09 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Co. Jan. 18, 2012).
I was determined to get a picture of the hay bales this month . These huge round creations are SUCH a contrast to the Ediths illustuation of haymaking in her "September" painting. Modern farming methods have long since replaced the sights she came across 106 years ago.
5: band introductions 1:28
Speaking of the knowledgeable and dashing Monroe, Nick predictably goes to him for assistance. Looking over chemical names may not be Monroe’s forte but the unlikely duo of Blutbad and Grimm head to the store to see if there is anything worthy of murder.
I am pondering... pecan pie. I've never made one before!
This mornings face was incredulous.............
2) Sugars are most preferred by the body as the body can utilize this form of fuel faster as an energy source. Fats on the other hand takes longer to burn and as such would only be utilized by the body when the sugars are depleted
In a letter read in 2500 parish churches across the country during Sunday Mass, the church's senior archbishops argued that the proposed change would reduce the significance of marriage.
Rushing from the car park, Roamy couldn't wait to view the River Avon first. The thought of a 3.5mile ramble straight after his breakfast of wild mushrooms on toast wasn't Roamy's idea of fun, but Stratford Boat Club and their accompanying river craft was a much better option for his wee sea-legs.
but what else is in it?
PENDLETON — Maria Drayton Gibbes was the first person to be buried at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Pendleton in 1826.
James is a renowned mystery writer, and she’s written a decent yarn. There are suitable twists and turns, villainous rogues and well-intentioned bystanders. I would have done better to read this novel as a mystery novel that happens to feature people with the same names as the beloved characters of one of my favorite books, Pride and Prejudice, than as a further adventure of Darcy and Elizabeth. This my approach to the 1999 film version of Mansfield Park, and viewed from that perspective, a nice period piece.
There is something special about this site. I was transported back in time the moment I went through the main gate.
I realized there was an image problem with my role in the televised thalidomide debate (Sept.27, Baying for Blood), as the audience were so obviously keen to lynch me and burn the studio down, but I didn't at first see why a personable young man like myself shouldn't eventually have a lucrative TV career, perhaps having cosy chats on a couch with, say, Felicity Kendall or Fiona Bruce (except she was still at school then). Move over Colin Firth (although he was also a schoolboy at that time). OK then, Erroll Flyn.
or forgetting Ronco Rotisseries,™ loading
This takes me back to the Carling Cup final of 2011. Arsenal’s best chance of a trophy for six years, against a Birmingham team bound for relegation.
2) South India’s high culture has little influence of Islam. It is Hindu culture, not a mix. There is not as much secular music in Carnatic as there is in Hindustani. There’s no equivalent of “Ganga Jamuni”, as the northerner refers to his high culture, a mix of Hindu tradition and the aristocratic Perso-Arabic tradition produced during Muslim rule. This might be seen as a bad thing. But the south Indian is actually quite tolerant.
If you were one of those children like I was , lived in sunny places, lived at the beach, never wore sunblock, get a great looking tan,.. you will find yourself , one day, where I found myself today ... sitting across from the Dermatologist who was telling me about the Plastic surgeon I was going to see next.
Rob’s words “just lock the door and walk away” were resonating in my ears too, but I chose to ignore what would turn out to be words of wisdom later.
the openness of the sky
Herring Gull 101
Sun Kil Moon – Admiral Fell Promises
and i thought to myself, maybe i could reach out to Selah's Angels
MON
conflicts, and the hearts and minds of all on Earth increase a half
3. At least 3 five-gallon bottles of water per family member.
Nigar khan was in controvercy when her topless photos appeared on the cover of Norwegian magazine Vi Menn. But Nigar Khan denied that fact and stated that the photos were not genuine.
Isaiah 40:3
Good luck to Jay and the whole HG World gang!
Bendin back I tipped my hat so I could look Him in the eye.
As mentioned in the article, the last overlapping segment was omitted at this stage. This was done, in my case at least, to enable this first level to be manipulated into the layout around the steel post etc.
Where the editorial board here at DavisW’s blog has a bit of a quibble is with the marketing of the product as “seven layers.” The dictionary defines a layer as “a single thickness of something that lies over or under something or between other similar thicknesses.” Once compressed into its cylindrical casing, the true meaning of “layer” is lost. What arrives through the window of your car at the drive-through is more a mish-mash of ingredients, randomly swirled about by the whims of the burrito’s creator, and by how it is jostled during its journey from the warming tray to your open maw.
The issue that got you the presidency?
Ugh...... where do I begin.
Now we'd love to hear from you. What do you think? How much real influence do you believe science fiction still has? Comment on our blog or send us an email: just go to the Future Tense website or simply search the words ABC and Future Tense."
Recipe and photo courtesy of Mel from Melskitchencafe.com
Check back to see the last of this note card set, soon! Have a great day!
I really suck at side plank, so I was excited that I only needed to rest once on each side for that workout.
We may write his name on our heart, but he has engraven us on the palm of his hands and promises to never forget us.
1. like a street that has 2 lanes. you will get trusted if you give credence. confused ? if you want to be trusted by your parent , try to retelling you honestly , believe it they can be trusted to tell you honestly too . f you want your relationship with the underlying trust, you have to trust in that person as you trust yourself.
In addition, try keeping track of your goal progress on a calendar or a scratch sheet of paper with the days of the week. Most importantly, tell someone of your intentions to set the goal and put the sheet where other people (e.g., roommates, family members) will see it – the added social pressure created by public posting is a great motivator. Finally, let us know how you did by posting your results on the Reno Green Culture Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/RenoGreenCulture.
In Taoist thought, the Tao, or universal first principle, generated a duality of opposing principles that underlie all the patterns of nature. These principles, yin and yang, are mutually dependent as well as polar opposites. They are basic concepts in traditional Chinese medicine.
for a woman who held her son as he died in her arms, whose husband left her not even a month after their sons death, whose family wouldnt let her move in with them and had to move in with complete strangers and start over with no one and nothing
I was tempted to just shrug my shoulders, sit down and basically give up and come to grips with the fact that I wouldn’t be able to make it up there, and my dream of moving would go flying out the window. However, I think this is where the concept of faith comes in… I believe that God will provide… I think I just have to let go and know that He will take care of me.
9) Day 13: Seek Intimacy Now Do I find it easier to be loved by God because someone else has said that the body I was created with is beautiful?
Most recently, Ryoma produced Eel’s 2011 album For Common People. This video for the title track will give you an idea. Be careful though, I’m not sure but I think this is that video that you watch and then mysteriously die seven days later.
She didn’t reply for another moment or two; not until she felt perfectly secure in the fact that she could lay down her pencil and be done with it.
04. Gaby - A Bailar
Considering how busy we were yesterday it was a pretty good day. We didn't get home until after 9:00PM, put Brenna straight to bed (she'd fallen asleep in the car coming back from my mom's house), and went to bed ourselves.
What do you think? Can you draw that thin fine line that distinct your loves?
The project he started me on was supposed to be a feather bracelet lei made from dyed turkey feathers. I worked on it for a while with him, then later. But then I started wondering what would happen if I added beads. So you can guess where I went from there, working from my traveling bead box. I got most of the way during vacation, but finished up the last of it after our return home. Definitely room for exploration here!
We will not always be able freely to choose the terrain upon which we have to fight the ConDem Coalition, but to the extent that we can influence the timing and the immediate issues we need to aim for a dispute most likely to produce the widest practicable united action at the earliest practicable date (the passage of time will not strengthen our hand).
How do you write a letter to a writer? I’m sure my prose will not win any awards but it is from the heart.
I just hope Han doesn't go into labour in the next couple of days or the drive to the hospital really is going to be fun and games.
i found the bones of a large mammal at the top of a mountain
The President also used his speech to indicate that there would be a U.S. presence in the country until 2024. His previous public position has always been that troops would be out of the country by a 2014.
Without going into detail, I have seen the effects of this separation and attachment process and how unhealthy this cycle is for foster children at a young age. This article addresses the need for a better system to help willing and fit parents make positive changes to be the parents they want to be. It is NOT about Foster Care making them what they want to be just so they can put the “we reunified the child with their parents” band aid without making sure the home is the best option for the child.
Colonel Khrys opened his mouth to point out the strange observation, but before words could come out, a snarl roared about the air. All of the soliders continued their pace, but looked in all directions to find the source of the disturbance. It happened again, only this time it was much louder and much closer to all of them. The bridge beneath them began to rumble from a hard smash.
“White Zombie La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol. 1 on 180g clear / white Import LP
At first glance, the purple parts of the drawing are the whitest--which is something to remember when you're trying to go for a more "true white" don't think of it so much as a color as a really desaturated version of the colors around it.
Hope you have a great Tuesday!!
Ibori was convicted and sentenced to 13 years in jail after he pleaded guilty to stealing and laundering over $80m.
A year and one child later, Safa and Issam returned to live in Jaffa so that Issam could begin a course in computers in Tel Aviv. He soon found work teaching computer classes in the “Eloukhouwa” school and later at Kaf Bet High School, and in 1995 Safa began to study social work at Tel Aviv University.
That is, until a newly appointed manager tried to get him to wear a uniform. He promptly resigned and (according to Isabel Martin, his principal witness to the world) managed to achieve depths of indigence rivalling those of his characters Mucky Preece and Boris the Swine in Perduta gente, until he was rescued by the Americans.
feet silent, nails scritching, and scratching, and clattering down your walls.
Deadlines
“I’m looking for something.”
Green onions or chives
"Come On Down" - 6:03
He’brew Jewbelation Bar Mitzvah 13 - The good news about this beer is that despite my last comment about how the flavors and booziness were jumping out of the beer as the numbers grew, this one turned out to be a little more subdued. Don’t get me wrong; 13% is still quite powerful, but Jewbelation 13 seems to be a bit more balanced than the 12. The alcohol gives way to brown sugar, molasses, and raisin flavors. If I had a choice of receiving either 8 maids a-milking or this, I would pick this. Because 8 maids a-milking as a gift, really? Who the hell would give this as a gift? And from someone who is claimed to be your true love? Do they really know you at all?
/opt/VRTS
Hope you al are doing fine and that you have everything almoust done for that big, wonderful christmas party!
882. Clif Bar & Cashews @ Wingate Hotel (Greenville, NC) 8:38 a.m.
And no mention at all of this great Transit. Had I come here first, I might never have heard of it, and so missed all its opportunities! Is this actionable negligence? There would be some difficulty proving loss.
Warning – this post gets personal towards the end. If you don’t like that sort of thing, you’d better look away now.
Welcome and happy Saturday! Can you believe the weekend is finally here? Seems like only yesterday we were starting a new week. Bite my tongue right?? Today I want to share this week's Our Daily Bread Designs Shining the Light Challenge.
I published my ‘Phantom’s Child’ (sidebar right) that way and its historical/suspense theme seems to be catching on. It is beginning to take off. Last week author Pat Bertram kindly interviewed me on the process.
-In a small bowl mix together 1/3 cup mayonnaise, 2 TB dijon vinegar and 1 tsp yellow curry powder. Mix well.
Last time for the Ooh La La Pin-Up Sew-Along we had just finished our bra back closure and basted the top together in anticipation of binding the raw edges.
Sunday People – 18th January 1976, a report ran to say a ghostly “third man” helped Dougal Haston and Doug Scott in the last stages of their climb. Dr Charles Clark the medical officer for the British team last September revealed that remarkable claim.
I am all for calling out lawyers who behave badly, who rip off clients, who don’t do their jobs properly – but the lawyers in Alex Aldridge’s article are all good lawyers and are using their own time – free of charge – to enliven debate and bring light to legal matters which deserve being highlighted and brought to the attention of a wider public. Adam Wagner’s contribution (another lawyer singled out for an ‘Aldridging’) to ‘enlightenment’ in the excellent UK Human Rights blog may well bring him and others a higher profile – but it is all free and I am more than happy to see Wagner and others gain benefit should that happen as a result of the first class law blogging.
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of building an effective, well-organized nationwide campaign to take back our freedom to make voluntary vaccination choices.
“Extending Brand Price Match, alongside Essential Waitrose, increased promotions and free delivery for online orders, will give customers even more confidence that they can do their entire weekly shop with us, with no sacrifice of quality, range and inspiration or service.”
Dimitri van Bronswijk a.k.a Denza started producing music in 2009. His obsession for harder styles of music convinced him to produce music himself! 24 March 2011 he got Signed at Noizy Records. His first EP “Ma Life” was a fact. From when he released more music and there is much more to come.
Have a great Thanksgiving!
Industrial intellectual property, which includes inventions (patents), trademarks, industrial designs, and trade secrets, etc;
A man steps into the checkout line at a grocery store, and finds himself behind a woman who is buying: 2 green bell peppers, 1 red bell pepper, a carton of milk, a loaf of bread, a package of ground beef, and a carton of eggs.
We were fortunate enough to have a creative, witty bunch that were up for anything and did something that most internet forums forget to try: We had fun.
What you know you can't explain but you feel it.
I will put them together and send them to Aaron's Mommy.
Tourism to give Malaysia a boost
“All the liberated souls in ancient times acted with this understanding and so attained liberation. Therefore, as the ancients, you should perform your duty in this divine consciousness.” (Bg. 4.15)
Because the Commission did not address all of the issues presented by the administrative law judge’s decision under both the per se and rule of reason analysis, further proceedings before the Commission may be necessary with respect to whether Philips’s patents are enforceable and, if so, whether Philips is entitled to any relief from the Commission. Accordingly, we reverse the Commission’s ruling on patent misuse for the reasons stated, and we remand this case to the Commission for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
Today I have found for you a Bronze Jumping Spider.
The Emperor was distressed by this because it featured beans, which are apparently his deadliest foes. He picked out some avocado and ate some tortilla though, and he ate about six little lime wedges so um, at least he's getting his vitamin C.
I’ve turned to friends for advice and information as the date now creeps increasingly closer to when I must venture out and Climb Mt Kilimanjaro.
Please remember to call and verify all info. before making plans. Everything is subject to change. This is show biz, after all.
Struggling with food and family issues.
Kegels can be performed by the ancient Chinese technique of placing a weighted cone in the vagina and holding it in place up to 15 minutes twice a day. The practice is initiated using the heaviest cone that can be held easily for one minute. The cones weigh from 15–100 gm (0.04–0.3 lb).
My issue is with people who either want to have it both ways (the fun of watching something naughty combined with feeling high-minded because you later condemned it ... after watching, of course), or the people who couldn't be bothered to investigate beforehand.
She quickly gathered every piece of paper she could find. Among the papers she found part of a torn cloth. Not knowing what it was from she decided that at the very least it could be used to bundle together her findings. As she wrapped the papers together she noticed a small glimmer out of the corner of her eye.
After the kids left, they took the sunny weather with them, and a couple of weeks of non-stop rain and business crises seem to have obliterated much of the rest of January and forced a dramatic transition out of festive season decadence!
I have become catlike in my aversion to being physically unsettled. Or have I always been? I have increasingly rejected the traps and trappings of the maturing organism. But gathering the comforts of home around me—that’s something else entirely.
Thrusday I was feeling a lot better and wanted to get my kids out but I felt guilty knowing I was still considered contagious. I love my neighborhood and the friends I have here, because with out hardly asking they took my kids out on bike rides, to the park, to climb the tree etc. They were great. And even though I was feeling better it was nice to have that break, to get caught up on my house which looked like.....well, it looked like I had been sick for three days :)
Sewing for kids - summer wear, summer play, car travel, picnics, outdoor, etc
35Because he says in another Psalm, You will not let your Holy One see destruction.
Or perhaps it is that we have become linked to them in some permanent fashion thorough long held dedication and deep reaching service, and that these marks, these links transcend the bounds of mortality. That where ever our souls fall, this mark remains.
-The comparison of a woman who has sex to a pizza that's been eaten? (~0:50)
While catching my breath between laps, I noticed a very overweight middle-aged guy on hands and knees, crawling across the concrete surrounding the pool. Determined not to stare, I swam another lap. As I got back, I noticed he was reaching up and opening a certain door, through which he disappeared.
God sent us here to be His hands and feet...to tell others about Him... even those who cannot autobily hear His words. I'd love to be able to help Victoria hear those words... to hear "He loves you so much my child... so much so that He was willing to give His all for you."
Beat the eggs then add to the mix and keep mixing until it looks smooth and glossy.
Something our kids need to see us believe.
I won't lie, I was a little scared of the thought. I knew if I had a horrid 30-miler, I would be destroyed mentally for Rocky Raccoon... but I knew that if I could just pull out a good day, somehow, some way, I would have a great advantage on race day.
Do you remember playing the secret game when you were young? Someone would whisper a few short sentences into the first person’s ear and then the first person would repeat the secret into the next person’s ear and so on and so on. Do you remember what happened at the end? Of course! Those few short sentences would wind up be contorted and distorted into some type of funny scenario.
Not mine, I hasten to add - because I never do anything wrong so never have anything to confess. Except that one time when I was dating DH and admitted to squeezing the toothpaste tube from the middle ....on purpose. Our relationship survived even though I still do that.
At the time, critics said that the film made wild and conspiratorial claims about Barack Obama’s presidency, the United States government, and Wall Street. But those critics are silent now. In 2012, the film’s controversial claims can be measured and fact-checked based on three years of hard data, evidence, and official statements by members of the Obama administration.
Correction. I've spent most of the day watching a ball floating on water (with the occasional duck visitor) and was given the job of calling the kids when anything interesting happened (which it didn't for about 8 hours).
After the establishment and formalization fo the covenant in Ch 10, there came the difficult work of repatriating the City of Jerusalem. It was one thing to rebuild, but it is another thing completely for the leader to inspire those who had established lives elsewhere…to pick up and return to the City of Jerusalem.
I said to B that I see him as not wanting to kick out his "friend". Only A isn't his friend right now-- he's not A. He's a drug addict spiraling out of control. I reminded him that this is exactly what I had to do to B last year. B was quiet...
There is no question that an increase in the number of people in the world has a negative impact on the environment and biodiversity. However, returning to the draconian measures of forced sterilization undermines fundamental principles of human rights and ignores what we have learned about how to lower fertility rates without resorting to force.
The fifth is Quora. This is “question-answer website that aggregating the questions and answers according to topics and allow users to collaborate to edit”. ‘Crosby (username)’ has 809 followers, and she has answered four questions. The absolute number of answer is quite low though, it is obvious that she has tried to help solving others’ problems or curiosities.
you may not know this now...
Moving forward on the road that is cracking
Idealistic midwifery ignores the fact that illness and infection and complication can strike down even the fittest and strongest among us. Idealistic midwifery fails to notice that even people who eat well and exercise can become ill. Idealistic midwifery forgets that the midwife's primary goal is the wellbeing and safety of mother and child. Not natural birth, wonderful as that is; or drug-free birthing, or any other standard we might aim for.
"mommy. I need you to come here"
I would like to see all three presentations; it's just a matter if I can sit in a seat that long (if I have to pick one, I guess it will be Flesh and the Devil with Garbo and John Gilbert--real-life lovers on the silver screen):
She has full days keeping up with her husband and children, her horses and dogs and of course the guests to the château where she and her husband Arnaud run guest rooms and a conference centre. Over coffee one afternoon, I sat her down and asked her a few questions.
There is sun and sundresses. There is grilled peaches and friendly neighbors.
Here’s my list of favorite places and things to do on Kauai…
An Email With Partners Info Is On It's Way!
Ha, ha, hahaha - I don’t have a life other than that. I spend time with my family, with my daughters. When I was a ghost-writer I did quite a bit of reading, but if I’m reading I feel guilty, and that I should actually be writing. I don’t really have any activities, any hobbies. That’s what my wife says, that I don’t have any hobbies.
I'll definitely keep you posted on the updates!
Events open to the public include:
When I think of Germany, it is music that comes to mind. Among my favourite classical composers are Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms, and Mahler. This is cheating slightly because two of these were from Austria, and another spent most of his life in Austria, but as Germany and Austria are both in the EU it doesn’t matter, because in a sense, they are now both part of the same country.
I forgive myself that I haven’t ever accepted and allowed myself to consider who I am without this experience of and as myself.
We are planning to hold a summer event again this years, so stay tuned!
The most important aspect of being part of a successful team is to learn the art of working together towards a common goal. A change to the society or a change to the world can never be possible, if we will value our personal goals more than the common goal each human share. It’s all about giving something back to the society, by dreaming something together without keeping any self interest.
whether in the evening, or at midnight,
The only thing that I’ve written that’s connected to the U.K. is my Sophia Grace and Rosie post. I love these two darling British girls, and many people seem to love them too because that post has been getting a lot of hits.
My strategy was to try and run just at the point where I was not quite out of breath, then to let myself get past that point and actually out of breath on any hilly bits and then try and use my new-found ability to quickly recover on the subsequent downhill bits.
The 30-year-old rose to prominence with calls to seize white-owned farm land and nationalise mines in the world's largest platinum producer, alarming investors.
He is the eldest of Sisa’s sons. Sisa was a character in Noli Me Tangere.
This led me to look deeper into Islam, and I was hooked. I was just a teenager, but Islam answered the question that the greatest scientific minds were clueless about, the question that drives the rich & famous to depression and suicide from being unable to answer: what is the purpose of life? Why do we exist in this Universe? But it also answered the question of how we’re supposed to exist. And since there’s no hierarchy or priesthood, I could directly and immediately begin digging into the texts of the Qur’an and the teachings of Prophet Muhammad, to begin the journey of understanding what this was all about, the implications of Islam for me as a human being, as an individual, for the people around me, for the world; and the more I learned, the more I valued Islam like a piece of gold. This was when I was a teen, but even today, despite the pressures of the last few years, I stand here before you, and everyone else in this courtroom, as a very proud Muslim.
Overall, Tera Naal Love Hogaya is a simple and sweet rom-com which snares your heart and is a definite refresher from the action packed movies.
I planted one crown with my blackberries. All these spears are from one crown only. The only container has five crowns planted together. Starting think that may be a bit crowded…. Hope I get to harvest some next year before they strangle themselves inside the pot.
(Can click to make it bigger)
Honestly I just don't care
But I have found in focusing on truly following the Lord, within and without, that life has been deeply enriched this year.
I guess this is one of those situations where knowing a mage spell would be handy, Crme ethought to herself. She never had to use them in real combat before, not against people who weren’t training her and could reverse the damage of her spells or avoid the damage all together or who were just training dummies.
Another component of the event that was supposed to be a highlight, a concert performance by She and Him (love Zooey Deschanel!) - also proved to be underwhelming. We sat through only the first few songs - the acoustics were so poor that we couldn't hear much of what she was singing.
Broadway Tower is situated near the village of Broadway in the county of Worcesterchire, England on the second highest point in the Cotswolds on a site known as a Beacon Hill. The "Saxon" tower was built in 1799 for Lady Coventry who merely wanted to see if it could be seen from her house in Worcester which was about 22 miles away. It could.
I would be happy just to have this available on draught. It would keep it "special" for me. Especially considering my bar visits have wained in the past few months. This bottle business is going to ruin it.
However, all is not lost when it comes to prequels, sequels, and reboots. They’re often seen as a lost cause from the off, and I’m just as guilty as everyone else in this.
I'm sittin' in the railway station, got a ticket for my destination
So that’s the part Coors Light has played in my life. Playstation fodder. Tastes great whether within its sell by date or outside of it. Hope to see it in the bargain bin more often.
they might be looking for in the coming issues.
I was in the market, feeling overwhelmed with the thousands of brightly packaged products, the lights, and the bustling shoppers, in short, everything. I put my stuff on the conveyor belt and waited anxiously in line. The conveyor belt moved, and suddenly from underneath the cash register where it reappears, I spotted a piece of paper. I realized that it was tract. I picked it up and opened it. How it got there, I have no idea. In most cases the cashier would have spotted something like that and disposed of it, but not this time. I was next in line, and holding onto the tract, I paid and left the store. I got back to Wayne’s car and began to read it out loud. It was my first spiritual warfare lesson and it was the day that I began to get free once and for all from the harassment of the enemy.
It’s possible Bruce is addressing the U.S. government and our political leaders with this message. Yet, it may also be a cry to fellow Americans – if our government and leaders cannot take care of us then we must do what is within our power to take care of one another.
These are pencil drawings. Not photographs. Again I was staggered by the precision and beauty of the work.
Soooo, when I decided to do this, I called Dw and asked him if it was okay.
Maho Beach is a must-do if you visit St. Maarten. You will never forget it!
Lord, your faithful ones discern your command every day. May our fear leads us to cautious decision-making and prudent actions. Amen.
Because of the nature of some of these movies and TV shows, I’m not certain that I would allow my children to sit in front of the television and watch them, but things were different back then and we as children had a lot more autonomy than ours do in these times. I do not fault my parents now but thank them and wonder now at these shows, knowing that television is used as programming. Whatever the purposes might have been by those in charge of such, the outcomes surely could not have been known in advance. Insofar as a mind can be opened, experience can be moderated by the capacity of a mind to conceptualize beyond the mundane. Opening minds seems to have been one of the major intents of a certain type of media programming back in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Considering that some of the tales told in these television shows and movies are ancient in conception, their relevance to our current dilemmas and questions as a species is quite interesting.
Me: Oh, fine. But I'm a happy person, we both know it, and you're just jealous.
01. A New Silence
"Be quiet! Now Dad's mad."
Now in AU NATURELLE
He was also personally abusive (particularly, it appears, toward fellow writers), misogynist, obnoxiously in your face about his beliefs (or lack thereof), and spectacularly inconsistent (and incredibly often wrong) about his political positions.
How do you remember? Feel free to share in the comments.
After 15 years hope is difficult to maintain when dealing with a justice system that is so incredibly unjust.
Barley’s Brewhouse – 435 and Midland Drive
Mother:
‘Mary, what are you talking about?’
‘We believe what we believe,’ said his father, getting up and moving to the door. ‘And there’s no way to ken is it right or wrong.’ – David Thomson, The People of the Sea
Black salt/pink salt /kaala namak - 2 pinches to taste
:: note how emme grace and rayley beth added what they thought each one needed...i mean who would make ernie without his ducky and bert without his pigeon? and like elmo goes anywhere without dorothy? oh how i smiled when i walked in and saw this....my oh-so-funny and very detail-oriented big girls;)
It has already been announced that Nintendo will not spill the details on the Wii U’s price and launch date at this year’s E3. This was still added to the wishlist because, hey, a man can dream.
However, what taints the image I had constructed of Mr. Cosby from his days as Dr. Huxtable is his elitist point of view that supports what Michelle Alexander, in her book The New Jim Crow, calls “get tough tactics,” which tend to spend “more time chastising the urban poor for their behavior than seeking meaningful policy solutions to the appalling conditions in which they are forced to live and raise their children.”
SILVER PACKAGES (w/ STANDARD tarpaulin backdrop)
Orphaned as a child, Jane Eyre is sent by her cruel Aunt Reed to the bleak Lowood School. On securing a position as governess at Thornfield Hall, Jane meets its enigmatic master Edward Rochester. Jane soon finds herself falling for Rochester, unaware that he harbours a terrible secret.
This was my favorite week of 100 word song. The song was great, picked by Tasha, but more so because of how you all attacked the interpretations and welcomed in new people. This is how web communities grow and get better. Please pat all of yourselves on your backs and drink something celebratory. Now, the challenge is to be even better this week.
A crash of rhinoceroses,
Confirmation #5: Wichita Kansas to Topeka Kansas – hit with damaging winds, and hail hardest part of the storm directly over the effected frequency injection area :
“No cellphones?! HOW DID THEY LIVE?!”
one: yet another studio photo. Can I say just how nice it is to be able to spread out my paint-y stuff, and just paint? And yesterday, when I left, I could just leave it all there and not worry about cleaning everything all up. Ahhhhhhhhhh.
lint all were removed to Chikwaka Reserve in 1931.
In a sense, it's all about the boundaries, inside and out. Outside, I measure people's suitability as friends or lovers by all sorts of criteria, most of them ridiculous. If I shake hands with them or hug them it has all kinds of meanings and subtexts. It's all tangled up with prestige, whether I'm good enough, whether they're good enough. I become more and more aware of it, as the years go by, and I hate it, but it's more than a lifetime's practice to shake free of it.
HOME MADE PIZZA
Ace – Young man, thank you for the friendship and camaraderie. Tagay na!
You know the refrain from inky-fingered editors: “We have to beat the idealism out of them”, when young graduates hit the newsroom.
28 And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael king of Syria in Ramoth–gilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.
Ink: Blush Blossom, So Saffron, Pear Pizzazz, Groovy Guava, Tangerine Tango, Cherry Cobler, black
So I will regularly be reviewing Norwegian books with this in mind, the first one will be Karl Ove Knausgård’s My Struggle.
All those chiefs who agreed to give the sons of Chinamora parts of their countries, were great friends of Chief Chinamora. They wanted help from the people of Chief Chinamora when enemies came into their countries. When all these vaShawasha were still in Chishawasha there came the army of Chief Negomo (his mutupo was Mwoyon motombo). His army was led by Chivawura or Mapondera. Chivawura also had a gona of ndudzo which he bought from Chief Makombe of Barwe in Portuguese East Africa. In the country of Masembura he killed many people and many others ran away to Mangwende. When the vaShawasha heard that Chief Masembura and his people were being killed by Chivawura they gathered together and went to fight him. The leaders were: Mafusire, Chikaka, Mazarura, Chizema, Gutu, Samukange, Gwindi, Guzha, Nyava and Chihuri. When they reached where Masembura was they saw Chivawura and his army about half a mile away. They asked Chivawura, “Why have you killed Masembura’ in his country?” and Chivawura answered. “This is not the country of Masembura it is for my relative whose name was Chief Kanyenze. His mutupo was Mwoyo of vaRozvi, of Tumbare.” Kanyenze was a brother of Chief Negomo. Chivawura said, “I have revcn’I
a HUGE family with lots of brother, dees n friend,,,, i myself dn’t knw when i hab became a part of such big family..
The fall semester for school was pretty good. No really exciting stories - just the normal class stuff. ALTHOUGH - I did have a new professor - who is pretty cool. It was her first semester teaching. She was teaching "Family Therapy" and I really enjoyed and learned a lot in her class! Had to do some writings about our life - another reason I didn't blog. I had to write for classes! Also had to create our 'Genogram'. Made up our family tree and marked those with addictive behaviors, mental illness, and any criminal history. It was interesting.
Christ died for everyone, as all fall short of the glory of God (Romans 3:23). This was the perfect expression of God’s love for the world He created, and particularly humanity, with whom He longs to be in relationship. The result of Christ’s death, for those who believe, is redemption, salvation, justification and reconciliation; and God’s action should lead us to rejoice in Him, to praise Him for all He has done for us.
What will you leave as your mark?
You're saying, "Ugh!" Of course you are. "The guy bothers to acknowledge the 6th year of the Illfolks blog because he wants to pay tribute to Patti Page??" Uh-huh.
I could not show favoritism, even if I had a favorite. If I did, the toy would get revenge. Even if that meant I'd smother under 50lbs of plush dread, I could not leave anyone on the floor. The one I left out of my protective circle on the bed would end up being the one that snapped.
we had this little conversation:
03. Lounge Act
Within your heart, you hold the key…I am discovery.
“Oh? So you are Lanna’s cub, eh?” queried Arik, eying him with his great bushy brows raised high. “You don’t look especially furry,” he added to amuse himself, and to test how he or Lanna might respond to that jibe.
If I was gay, it would further complicate my life. The skin I live in is already bruised and battered by the social experiences that are unique to people that are black, female, and blind. If gay was added to my list of minority labels, I think that would be just too much for me to handle.
Hello everyone, we're back! Alive!
By the wind’s voice and that of the drum,
A recurring theme in my life is how often I learn lessons about living by making mistakes. I write Kiss & Blog because airing my thoughts on dating and relationships helps with nailing down at least a few rules of engagement. Falling flat on one's face is a universal experience for anyone who has ever had more than one encounter with the opposite sex, but I can't help wondering how much better my nose would look had I been privy to some inside skinny before I began. Your nose, of course, is as cute as a button.
Pentecost
Ever wondered why payday advances are developing in popularity today? This is due to such a mortgage can respond to the word Half inchA sewn with time, saves nineHalf inch. Regarded as answer to a critical requirement of financial assistance. Because practically nothing existing really is planned and scripted, it’s best that we’re constantly prepared for whatever just might click us when.
1. Universal Film Manufacturing Company was officially incorporated in New York on April 30, 1912. Company legend says Carl Laemmle was inspired to name his company Universal after seeing “Universal Pipe Fittings” written on a passing delivery wagon.
The soldiers are saying they are doing their job. This is very shallow. The same could be said about the individuals who carried out the 7/7 or 9/11 attacks that they carried out on the orders of Sheikh Osama bin Laden."
So the victory is not in self-improvement, but in the opposite of it: The Son was sent into the world to die willingly, not in an attempt to dethrone the Father! When death came near, a death that would not only be his own, but a death like dying billions of deaths at once, a death for others, he was honest about his human feelings: “if it is possible, let this cup of suffering pass by”, but heart in heart with his Father “not my will, but your will be done”.
I just finished watching the season 4 finale of Californication. I'm tempted to go back and re-watch from the first season, as I'm not sure I had quite the appreciative eye upon first viewing that I do after 4 years. It may also be that the "realness" of the stories & characters were somewhat distracting from their depth.
Most of all, God's really been showing me the importance of getting up early before my kids so that I can have a few precious moments of reading His word while sipping my coffee. I've gotta enjoy it while I can because with baby boy #3 on the way, it's going to be back to getting it when I can =)
few coins nestled in his palm. 'When we get home,
So my legacy pubbed ebooks have sold an average of 12,500 copies each, while my self pubbed ebooks have sold an average of 39,100 copies each.
It makes fun of the filmmakers. The film makers who bet that we’ll go see yet another crappy zombie film are lambasted as boring and unoriginal and the filmmakers of crappy scifi movies which pull out obscure monsters no one cares about are even more humiliated by their choice of stupid monsters. Not to mention it tears into the tediously formulaic way that these movies progress through as if it’s some kind of ritual that must not be deviated from, even in dealing with the order in which victims must be killed (honestly, when was the last time you ever saw the virgin die first?) or how no matter who is involved, be they bright or stupid, everyone always does the dumb thing and splits up.
Clearly, I am not a Dummy.
When I was in first grade I was reading at pretty much a high-school level, and I got in trouble for bringing this book to school. While the other kids were watching Dick & Jane run after Spot and Sally, I was reading the killer-Santa-Claus story. Later my grandma caught me reading The Exorcist. I don't think it did me any damage, though, really. "Let Jesus fuck you!" was pretty much how I was viewing Southern Baptist society, anyway.
When I left New York to move to the UK to be with Wifesy for her last two years of school and to try my hand at comedy around the queen’s nation – one true thing happened. I lost A LOT of friends. Even though, I tried to guard against it. I had Skype already set up on my computer from a million Skype sessions between myself and Wifesy. In what I thought was a smart move, I decided to bring my Vonage phone with me. Now, if you don’t know about Vonage – it’s fantastic, if you’re involved in any kind of international lover affair. You can buy these packages where your entire country and one other country are bundled together. Every time you call the other country it becomes just like making a local call! This was a godsend for me when Wifesy when we first started dating. Before Vonage, my first phone bill was $1200, just about as much as my rent. (Yikes.) So, after a year or so, once I decided to move across the pond to be with her, I spoke to my Vonage representative and was told I could take my Vonage phone with me! “This is great!” I thought. “I’ll stay in touch with all of my friends!”
Collapse of the stout party, as they used to say. But do not weep on my behalf: the point I want to address is not the one entitled 'Managing Expectations', but 'Managing Growing Old'.
The Worcester Telegram & Gazette reported that Forts pleaded not guilty after police arrested him in February for assault and battery after he allegedly grabbed his girlfriend on campus during an argument.
I am so delighted!
One big question is on my mind: Assuming the junta is back in control, what will last night’s attempted counter-coup mean for Mali’s political transition? During his phone call broadcast on Radio Kayira several hours ago, Captain Sanogo claimed that the country’s interim president, prime minister, cabinet and legislature were all safe and would continue to go about their work. I’m guessing, however, that in light of recent events, many troops loyal to Sanogo will have a serious bone to pick with interim President Dioncounda Traoré, on whom they will likely blame the recent instability and whom they have already accused of selling out the country to ECOWAS for selfish political gain. Rumors are circulating online that ECOWAS troops have entered Mali from the south, via the Sikasso region, and are heading toward Bamako.
We arrived home refreshed, although physically and mentally exhausted, and pleasantly surprised with our experience at immigration and customs. Overall a painless experience. I think I can speak for both of us in that, while we love it here in Costa Rica and our time has been life-changing, a countdown is in order:
The audience collectively sighed as though it had just witnessed the birth of a kitten: “Awwwwwww.”
Well Jesus does of course and then the usual suspects husband, mom and dad and dogs and brothers and sisters. Friends and their children and so on and so on
‘I am afraid of finding it,’ said Flambeau.
I did a little bit of my own research on Thursday and turned up the following links:
These are some of the decorations in our basement. We set up a staging area for the Mermaid entertainer down there so we could finish preparing the food (and have a cup of tea in peace!) before the kids all came upstairs again. The white fabric with the shells on is a shower curtain that I purchased for $2 from our local emporium. I got 5 of them so I was able to cover up most of the walls and shelves (which were full of very distracting toys as this is where our kids play!). I closed the curtains so it was quite dark down there and put on a low light to really give the impression that they were underwater. The girls walked through blue streamers to get into the room. The mermaid was brilliant and the kids all absolutely loved her. It's the second time I've used an entertainer from An Enchanted Party and they are worth every cent.﻿ I think my now 7 year old slept with the fairy dust given to her at her 5th birthday party under her pillow for about a year and when I went to drop the girls at school this morning, several of the party guests came up to me to talk to me about Melody the Mermaid. One Mum told me that her daughter hadn't stopped talking about how the Fairy Queen had granted Mermaid Melody legs for the day so she could come to Eloise's party. Very cute!
Good old Tories – what will you do next?
05. A time for spring - Nicola Conte / 3:56
i. Eliminate bureaucracy by decentralising wherever possible while ensuring the right balance with central strategy and common customer focus.
I just love my pumpkins and can't wait every year to get them out. I wish I had a place big enough to leave them all out year round. Pumpkins are my favorite things and I love the color terra cotta. I'll try to take some pictures and post them soon of my decorations. I think you'll like them.
There is something a bit sad about knowing that things are changing again, but there is also the anticipation of knowing that summer will come back again next year. Although next year I think that I will go on holiday abroad to get some properly hot sunshiny weather as I don’t think that I could cope with another wet summer!
1 1/3 c. packed brown sugar
Between 7th Avenue & West 1 0th Street
I heart spring break.
Dad is suddenly happy. VERY happy. That’s the guilt trip. Its not the White Lie. Yes, I thought I’ll save them some worry time until I am ready for marriage, but what got me guilt tripped is his excitement. He’s was happy and “Expressing” it! I could feel my insides churn, the first time he asked me something, I lied! Blatantly. With my sister sitting on the next chair, staring at my face, knowing that I lied. I meant no harm. I needed time. I wanted A to be here, settled, I din’t want complications. I had enough. But it was the first day of the new year, here I had so much hope and he made me use a lie, on the lunch table, infront of the family. *doomed*
No, my friends, the God of the bible has given us amble prove that He exists and that He is the only true God. Consider these points with me:
We have lost the wonder of life. We have lost the sense of seeing the awesome miracle that life truly is. Life is an epic miracle. Yes, Life is a miracle! A miracle I say. Everything both the good and bad is a signpost to the being who sits at the center of the universe, the presence of pure and prefect love that beckons each of us. Each day we are invited to revel in the miracle that is life. Just to breathe, just to live, just to be is holy. We are on holy ground and should live in deep reverence to life, reality, divine, the holy, God—whatever you want to call it. Life is good and conspires for our Good. Life is a gift. Life is beautiful. Life is a glorious, rapturous, and awesome moment.
I took a completely different tack from everyone else here and used time as a play on words for my sentiment as it has a pub related theme, and at the end of the session the Landlord always calls 'time'. The background is a Cuttlebug clock parts embossing folder.
I made my way back into the physical confines of the 21ST AMENDMENT PUB & BREWERY in San Francisco the other evening for a couple of fresh ales. A lot has gone down since I swung by here before a Giants game last year. 21A’s got three kinds of canned beer in supermarkets and liquor stores across the land now – Hell or High Watermelon Wheat (one of their lesser beers); Brew Free or Die IPA (another lesser beer); and the outstanding MONK’S BLOOD, which we wrote about here. They’ve also been cooking up a batch of Belgian-style ales for their annual “strong beer month”, which goes down every February and which I missed by a couple of days. My rule of thumb with this brewer is that when you go “off menu” – i.e. to their specialty or seasonal beers and more dorkified creations – that’s where the real treasure lives.
it fills up the emptiness inside; but only during the heat of the moment.
It’s time I get back to the self indulgent writing exercise known as blogging. The original intent of profiling my fish bowl existence with W and the Hubs in the beginning was to keep from forgetting all of the good, bad and funny details as they whip by. At W’s ripe old age of 3, I’m finding there’s more fodder than ever before so it’s essential that the documentation continue. I want to have bragging rights when I can’t even remember my own name and have taken up residency at an assisted living compound for rock n roll widows. Question is will I remember the blog URL when I’m 80?
You know what that means...I get to buy some more, lol.
The loft was a former workshop and is now magically transformed into a cozy and charming dream home.
I turned around and shifted out the window as a rain of bullets came out the house. I turned and ran toward the street. But like an idiot I turned around to see where Ms. Valentini was in all the chaos. As soon as I turned around another shower of bullets came at me from the front of the house and I ran toward the car and shifted in.
4. If you could be a guest star on a reality show which one would it be? I used to think that it would be Biggest Loser, but now that I’m on a different path, I think I’d like to be on a dating show. A classier version of The Bachelorette, so I could have my choice of guys. Or maybe I’d be with some of my Italian peeps and go on The Real Housewives of New Jersey.
Yet, through all of this, Gaza remains the preferred international crisis for many Pakistanis. It could be that the fad is an expression of concern and/or injured Muslim identity and/or a convenient moral stance.
Who knew that oversharing on the Internet could have such positive consequences?
DEATH GRIPS - The Money Store
“The very minute, Katarina. We need this.” “I know. She’s going to love them.”
where all my enemies can see me;
I was a bit trepidatious about the fabric because it's really bright, and even though I LOVE color I don't want my house to look like a Ringling Brothers lounge. Thankfully, since all of the rest of the stuff in my living room is pretty basic, I think they look great.
No one in his right mind who knew ahead of time about the temporal and spiritual challenges of pastoral ministry would choose such a vocation. Most of us who have been personally involved for any extended length of time (say, more than a year?) can no longer be casual or callused about the struggles inherent in pastoral ministry.
Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
Tarte Tatin
I want to tell you how I made it, because it looks crappy in the picture,
ABOUT EON PRODUCTIONS EON Productions Limited and Danjaq LLC are wholly owned and controlled by the Broccoli/Wilson family. Danjaq is the US based company that owns, together with MGM, the James Bond franchise. EON Productions, an affiliate of Danjaq, is the UK based production company which makes the James Bond films. The 007 franchise is the longest running in film history with twenty-two films produced since 1962. Michael G Wilson and Barbara Broccoli took over the franchise from Albert R ‘Cubby’ Broccoli in 1995 and have produced some of the most successful Bond films ever including CASINO ROYALE and QUANTUM OF SOLACE. The twenty-third film entitled SKYFALL is currently in production.
We live in a gated community within a gated community—which I suppose makes us doubly safe. A private security firm controls entry and exit to both gates, while a handful of guards with guns (including a guard at the first gate with his big shotgun) patrol our neighborhood day and night. They’ve whizzed by on an ATV, ridden by on a plethora of bicycles (including some brightly colored beachcombers that nobody was likely to steal), driven by in a tiny electric car (so cute!), scootered past on motos, zipped around in a golf cart, and walked by more times than I can count.
What room are you: office
We move around every two to three years. Currently, we are a family of four living in a two-bedroom two-bath apartment in a city outside of Washington, D.C. Since I’ve lived in a small place most of my life and I get spooked very easily, this life style seems to suit me well. Plus, for a single-vehicle family like us, it was simply more convenient to live in a corporate apartment, which are usually located very close to a metro station.
8 Kennedy Rag
i can't wait till she is a bit bigger and we will definitely be taking her to sesame street live in nashville...we took emme grace and rayley beth and they loved it, but i believe miss maggie is going to take the experience to a whole new level! i mean this girl LOVES elmo...cutest thing ever!
Please send (proof of who was paid).
I also helped set up a loom for the public to weave on and this young man spent a long time making a beautiful mat. Then he helped another young man learn to weave while I stood back and watched. It was a great day.
Wait, I lied - I do have one more special comment regarding this recipe. Gina's version below calls for 93% lean beef; I used 99% fat free turkey. It tasted amazing with turkey and by making this substitution it will definitely reduce the calories/fat in the nutrition information posted below.....that is unless you add in an extra handful of mozzarella cheese like I did.... :-)
Now 30 years old, married and a father of three, Json shares his story and the lessons learned through rap. “Growing Pains is the most therapeutic album I have written, says Json. “God used the writing on the album to allow me to focus not on the current situation, but how God may be working for the outcome.”
This series of posts brings you up to the time I started this blog. The blog contains many of our stories and adventures. Some of them are fun, some of them are painful, and many of them are stories of lessons learned the hard way. I plan to write one more post in this series. Thanks for following along.
Onto the real reason for today's post... Jeff's 6 YEAR CANCER ANNIVERSARY!!!...
Nova Star Wrong B
I have never danced in Antwerp, although I know some tango dancers from there; they say that the atmosphere there is very pleasant and relaxed, but they always hasten to add that the level of dancing is much lower than in Brussels. C. f. above.
These latter do not make good matches in any one sense of the word. The struggling barrister, the clerk, the curate, the brainless masher--such are their prey; and if they make richer prizes than these, still the match cannot be called good; presently there is dis-union as the clever husband finds the pretty but nonsensical wife utterly unable to follow him through the paths of life that Fate has opened out to him.
My advice to anyone with a mental illness that feels there is something else wrong with them is to rule out anything that can be due to hypochondria (i.e. in the mind), make sure you are eating healthily, taking supplements if necessary to see if the problem will go away. If it doesn’t and you still can’t get your GP to listen to you, write them a letter clearly outlining your symptoms and why you are concerned and if you don’t feel that you can do it yourself get a friend or family member to help you. That way, if there is something really wrong with you and they miss it, you have evidence that you informed them and it will help if you end up needing to claim compensation.
Evia over at BlackFemaleInterracialMarriage mentioned in her latest post a good way to vet a man which I thought was worth mentioning here: If he doesn’t like your natural hair simply because it’s natural Black hair, it’s a good indicator that he probably isn’t the man *black, white or other* for you. I have to say, I totally agree!
I gave it a flimsy shot here and there but didn't try too hard. I couldn't even last to 10 seconds.
Interestingly enough, our cruise ship also housed a lighthouse – The Boardwalk Bar! The world's largest ship, Allure of the Seas, boasts seven “neighborhoods” which we found to be a truly unique experience. The Boardwalk was home to a full-sized carousel, Johnny Rocket's restaurant, the breathtakingly impressive Aqua Theater and of course, The Boardwalk Bar. We stopped by a few times on our trip to grab a daiquiri (or two)!
down through the stars
That really makes it hard to get any work done! It's also not helping with my weight loss goals. I may just have to be content 10 lbs over "healthy and normal", which sucks too.
5) If you are going to buy an off brand radio from the internet or a shop that is NOT factory trained, make sure that the radio meets the manufacturers specifications. I have seen people purchase because the radio is smaller in size instead of the right radio for the system.
It seems that as a society, we can all agree that we hate birds but love penguins. I imagine the love of penguins comes from their inability to fly which gives them an inability to poop on your car or head. They’ve been the subject of documentaries and kids’ movies (though I’m not sure if this is about penguins or dancing. I guess both.) alike. Everyone loves the Emperor Penguin which is just what
Note that a roll of "2" always fails.
Dove and parent company Unilever continue to push the Real Beauty bullshit via The Ad Makeover App. The Facebook application claims to let users “replace those feel-bad ads” that prey on women’s self-esteem with warm-and-fuzzy Dove propaganda. Um, isn’t that like swapping Roseanne Barr for Rosie O’Donnell?
of this weird hallway we have in our house.
THE SUBSTANCE tells the story of a drug – its discovery in the Basle chemistry lab, the first experiments by Albert Hofmann on himself, the 1950s experiments of the psychiatrists, the consciousness researchers, the artists.
﻿ And at the end of the night, Lilly got the treat of her life when Kyle let her sing one of his songs on the mike with the full band behind her. Molly did a lovely interpretive dance during the guitar solo. You never saw 2 happier little girls. Made my night.
In the next four to six weeks, you'll be absorbed with one of your favourite things -- money! Suddenly, your focus on cash flow is heightened. The reason you're focusing on your cash flow is it is flowing more! This means either you are getting a boost in your earnings (fingers crossed), or you're spending a lot. (I suspect the latter.) Fortunately, you're no spend thrift, even though you love gorgeous things. But you do work very hard to make your home as beautiful as it can possibly be. (Right there, I see money flying out the window, don't you?) Relax. Enjoy yourself. Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you get older, it starts avoiding you!
Ah….as Serene Lim stated, your global mobile phones will not work here. So if you are desperate without your mobile phone, you can get a number here. But it won’t be cheap. A sim card is about $250 which is definitely over-priced compared to other countries but this is how we’ve been rolling. I paid about $3000 when I got my number, okay? I’m so pissed off when the prices plummeted. Feeling like throwing stones at the Ministry of Telecommunication when the news became official, to be honest. Anyway, I heard there’s a rental service so you can ask at the airport or keep an eye out for such adverts at the airport for cheaper options.
Rhonda
Brulee nodded again; all of those sentiments were true.
Sept 7! Where did the summer go? We had a lovely one here in the North East, especially compared the the last couple summers before when we had so much rain! The local business's really needed a great summer.
I’ll be waiting, so don’t let me wait in vain.
Here's an old mix from 2003 and the last one that I ever put on CD. Pre-Serato and done in one take. This mix was a finalist in 2004 Scion 'Free Up Your Mix' contest. It was nationally distributed and in Europe as well. I haven't listen to this in years, 'til I noticed European kids posting it online. Download it and enjoy...
45 The Woman in White – Wilkie Collins *
05 Momentary Breakdown
I've been to countless vegan potlucks but never been to an omni picnic potluck until yesterday. I have to admit I was a bit nervous, I mean not only am I vegan but also gluten free. I thought these people are really going to think I'm a freak and worst of all there will be nothing for me to eat. I also wasn't sure if I was going to get the barrage of annoying questions such as 'how do you get your protein?' etc or more aggressive attacks that I occasionally get. There is a misconception that vegans are argumentative but I often find it is the other way around. Thankfully none of that happened, I was pleasantly surprised with lots of food for me to eat and about an equal number of vegetarians including 2 other vegans and some friendly accepting omni bloggers.
Here is Earthlinks link, they have always been awesome for me.. www.Earthlink.net
The strength of a mountain lion, and the grace of a queen......
So that was my highlight of our shopping trip, without money I will not even window shop why tease myself.
Note: For best results, cook the rice (preferably Jasmine rice, due to its fragrant flavor) the night before in a rice cooker or pot, let it cool down at room temperature and refrigerate it before using it for the next day. This method will prevent the fried rice from being too sticky or soggy. It will also make it easier for you to mix the other ingredients into the rice, as it is more fluffy.
And the black beast of the beetles' pews
Ignis Corporis Infirmat, Ignis sed Animae Perstat for Virginia Woolf! Happy Robert Burns Day!
"Your arms make me think of my grandma" (said while child was rubbing one of my ham hock arms)
Random updates before I go --
“C” – Look here.
I'd cut your bread in shapes.
The next morning, my uncle came to pick me up to take me back down to Leeds (which was a wonderful time for a heart-to-heart, and a beautiful morning), to stay with Mad Aunty Pip and Uncle B. These two I love. They're both artists, and therefore live by their own rules, in a way. They're both individuals who reject a lot of the values modern society tries to impose on us, and for that I love being around them. It's just amazing to be able to share ideas, any ideas, to discuss all sorts, art, politics, to be around two people who are so happy together although life isn't always easy when you've decided to make your art your living. They were back from a work trip to Japan, and it was fascinating to hear their take on what they saw over there, the differences in the way their culture operates. I truly love staying with them, because I feel so free. They also cook some amazing food, especially their home made pizza, and I tried ribs for the first time (it was actually at their house that I stopped being a vegetarian, after 12 years...that roast lamb was my downfall). We had a film day: we went to stock up on food and snacks, and then got out 4 films: one had Liam Neeson in it (Uncle B's review: 'shite'), one was about a soldier coming back from Iraq ('shite'), one was about the deportation of British kids to Australia in the 60s ('alright'), and the most interesting one, and one I heartily recommend for some good old-fashioned family viewing, is called "I Spit on Your Grave", and features two parts. The first part, lasting an hour, shows a girl getting raped over and over again whilst being forced to act like a horse. The second part involves her getting her revenge on the gang-bangers, by putting them in bath-tubs full of acid and raping them with guns. You should check out the trailer! I also made the most of being in Leeds by catching up with my old friend DJ W, which was nice although faintly disappointing. I've perhaps moved on from smoking spliffs in the park and necking down pints of cider in old man pubs. Still! No harm in a quick sashay down memory lane, every now and then.
So poo on them.
Here is a close up shot of the flowers. I embossed them with black embossing powder and colored them in with our fabulous SU markers!! The colors are inspired by the Twitterpated DSP that I also used down the center. They are Baja Breeze, Blushing Bride, Pear Pizzaz and Whisper White.
Let's get to the good stuff, shall we? Here are a few of my favorites...
And so when any of us are overwhelmed, we need to go to the Rock which is higher than ourselves. And we need to carry on. Sometimes praying along with fasting would be good. But oftentimes I just carry on, doing what I have to do, trying to fulfill my calling. Yes, oftentimes with added prayer during such occasions.
feeding it day and night
So, early to mid April, expect me to be whipping up another global challenge, complete with pledge, logo, blog-widget/button, flickr group and whatever else gets dreamt up to celebrate 2012's crop of awesome, intrepid challenge participants pushing the boundaries of handmade wardrobes with a sense of daring rarely witnessed outside of the Antartic.
John: "It's like being a soldier ... but with planes."
UPDATED HERE: NHK: Another Mitsui chemical plant had trouble BEFORE multiple explosions — All plants were halted at time of blasts (VIDEO)
Even as I’m writing this message, I really miss and am eager to meet all of you ㅠㅠ
We keep them locked inside, and these emotions grow like a snowball rolling down the hill. We get so used to ignoring them that we can even make ourselves believe they’re actually not there.
Apparently I'd adapted to the oxygen cannula situation so thoroughly that I couldn't separate it from the rest of the world. I had two daughters before Xander, and I never had to consider bulky medical accouterments as part of my parenting. But I do now. It's not like it's that terrible. Turning one tank on and another off only gets tricky when you forget to turn on the one you're now connecting to. Plugging and unplugging the tubing only gets complicated when you can't pull the end off of the small tank because your wife really cranked it on there this time. And carrying the tank on your shoulder while you travel from place to place only gets annoying when you've got several other bags on your shoulder and you accidentally let the wrong strap loose first.
Any of the other families as well...I would LOVE to post about any of your experiences with applications, breakthroughs, struggles and experiences you've been having with the technology since you have received the iPad2, since it will help to learn more about what might be applicable in some of our situations.
6. We hear about another incident from Hal's horrific past.
This time, however, I decided to be brave. Screw this map business! I’m will fly by the seat of my pants! Yeah!
I’d like then to share some pictures my mom has taken last year from the 15th floor of my apartment in Beijing, on the occasion of the bell striking mid-night on the New Year of the Rabbit! It has just been few years that in Beijing the government has allowed residents to lit up fireworks and fire-crackers and the city last year, and I suppose this year as well, went completely crazy! From my windows I could see the whole of Beijing towards the north, till the mountains surrounding the city and every single corner of the city was shining with lights. It was definitely the most remarkable New Year I have ever had. And the fireworks were literally exploding in front of my windows.. I was so happy to enjoy such spectacular view protected behind my apartment’s windows and in my favorite city in the world!
In the moment, it seemed smart to keep running. I thought that if I could overcome this terrible, physical agony and just push through it like real runners claim it’s possible to do, then I could do anything. If I could ignore the alarm bells telling me I’m trying too hard and reaching too far, then maybe I could prove that “too far” doesn’t exist.
If you’ve ever poured salt on a slug on the sidewalk you are familiar with how I felt, like I was turning inside out. I still had a baby to deliver. Jake was born the next day, right on schedule. That Saturday as I prepared to leave the hospital my father called. He said,”Honey, the Lord came and took your mother during the night. Can you come home for her funeral?” I hadn’t been able to let the thought into my head that my mother would actually die. I had four hours from hospital to airport to figure out what to pack for a funeral in the fall in Central New York from my balmy home in Virginia. I didn’t even know what size fit my son.
Many people are feeling agitated and un-easy recently. The solar flares can break apart old patterns that are no longer needed so new ones can emerge. This can make us feel hyper and exhausted all at the same time. It can also wreak havoc with technology such as computers.
1 wiser
First of all, as a cheapskate, what do I always say I use to make movies? If you said photoshop and iMovie, you are as correct as the people with 1000+ IQ’s. Now, you say,
Joshua – yes, probably
For trees and the common grass underfoot.
Be creative with herbs and tasty add-ins!
My second go at an Arrogant Bastard clone. The first one got me my first ribbon. Yay! And it was dead on with the hop profile. My version was sweeter than the one in bottles, so I still had sugars where the professionals get theirs down further. The other fun thing is that it uses the same yeast as the Vanguard Red (brew #101) and so I threw this on that same yeast cake. BOOM! Within 8 hours, it blew the top on the fermenter and "painted" my beer closet. What fun to go and wipe down the walls, door, ceiling of the closet and then wipe down all the other equipment in the closet too.
Though we ended up having a nice visit, it just wasn't the same with him here. Brittany, Abby, and I didn't get much one-on-one time, at all, and I missed it. No late night talks, giggle sessions, or shopping trips. I mean, Connor, obviously, makes Brittany very happy and she does him, too, but I feel that this kind of visit is rapidly becoming our new norm. Part of me wishes that things could stay as they "used to be", but I know that's not possible. So, I guess I'll try to go with the flow as much as I can and take life as it comes.
Whaaaaaaat?
Because the dark
(…) The Aga Khan is, in fact, a bit of an impact investor himself, except there’s more clarity about the investment side, which is what makes it work better, I think. Here’s what I liked about the AKFED and other investments of the AKDN:
So yesterday afternoon I got in my car and drove to the pool. It felt good to do some hardcore cardio – my first solely cardio workout since my foot injury – and over the course of the next hour, I swam:
I went to bed before 11. Its now ten to 1, and as I'm no closer to sleep than I was an hour ago, in fact I feel more awake if anything, I thought I'd scribble some notes for a blog post.
More on topic, I went to find black flats and came home with three pairs; one for work and two for pleasure.
niamhmkav***
The only hitch (according to Brigada) — it’s online only. So… there’s no Windows, Mac, or linux version.
Sponsored by Briess Malt & Ingredients Co. and Hopunion CBS LLC
Fast forward to the next morning: Here's Liam strapped in the car and watching Marmaduke on the way down to SD.
We got no troubles
Capture the sweet romance of your day with these beautifully packaged wedding favors. Tiny heart-shaped sugar cubes fill clear tubes for an elegant effect that will delight guests at your tea or coffee themed bridal shower. from www.beau-coup.co
Sponsors include the remnants of the EU funded Israeli far Left - people like the Meretz party, Ameinu, and Brit Tzedek among others, taking time off from their efforts to impede Jews building homes and the IDF's efforts to protect Israelis.
And while I would never argue that people should be anything other than what they are, sometimes (especially in Paris) it helps if you are able to blend in with the locals.
Later that evening, Terpil explained that one of the guests on the barge was Carlos Ramirez, known to police throughout the world as ”the Jackal” – the international terrorist believed to be responsible for planning the 1972 Olympics massacre in Munich, a deadly raid on the Fiumicino Airport in Rome and numerous aircraft hijackings. There was no photograph of Ramirez in existence, Terpil told Mulcahy; the ”Wanted” posters on display at airports throughout the world contained only a composite drawing. Terpil also told Mulcahy that Ramirez was living in barracks No. 3 at the former Wheelus United States Air Force base in Libya. Terpil seemed awed by Ramirez, who was accompanied at the party by Sayad Qaddafi, chief of Libyan intelligence, identified by Terpil as Qaddafi’s cousin and the second most powerful man in Libya. Mulcahy was now in far too deep and he knew it. It was late August and John Harper and other Wilson-Terpil employees were at work in Tripoli setting up the munitions laboratory for terrorist bombs and a training program for their effective use. Wilson and Terpil made it clear to Mulcahy that they did not want him to go Libya. Mulcahy kept his now grave doubts to himself and continued on his business trip, moving on to Copenhagen and another series of meetings. Terpil returned to Libya, and he and Wilson suddenly dispatched an urgent cable to Copenhagen: Mulcahy was to break off his trip and return to Washington to open negotiations there with the General Dynamics Corpora-tion for the purchase of one of its Redeye ground-to-air missiles. General Dynamics had advertised in trade journals that it had l8 Redeyes for sale to legally acceptable buyers. The missile, which could not be exported to Libya under the law, is shoulder-launched and has a heat-seeking component that enables it to track and destroy aircraft in flight. It had been used extensively and successfully by the Israelis during the 1973 war. ”My problem was not to worry about the paperwork,” Mulcahy says. ”Terpil and Wilson had a pilot in Pennsylvania who would fly anywhere. Once he got over the water” – and away from American legal jurisdiction – ”he would change the paper.” If the Red Eye had been purchased, the pilot would simply change the intended recipient listed on the export license, from an approved ally, such as those in NATO, for example, to Libya.
(Trailers are linked to the film titles)
Life with Kerri is waiting for the teacher's reply.
Well, it’s just three stooges for now, but who knows, maybe more Democrats are willing to reveal themselves as completely insane.
Chad Michael Morisette, who lives in the house, told CBS 2 News that drivers and bus passengers have been stopping to snap pictures of the macabre scene.
WHILE diagnosing a public figure from his or her public behaviour is unsound psycho-diagnostic practice, Julius Malema does demonstrate an almost full house of traits of what diagnosticians call a narcissistic personality disorder. Narcissistic personality dynamics centre principally around the individual’s attempts to shore up a fundamentally inadequate sense of self-worth. In its most flagrant forms, pathological narcissism is most recognisable by an overwhelming projection of a sense of grandiosity. Ironically, though, this assertion of grandiosity is usually a function of exactly the opposite in terms of the internal dynamics of the narcissist, i.e. an overwhelming and terrifying doubt — often only partially conscious to the narcissist — that he or she is of value to others. The narcissist’s defence is typically to assert forcefully, often inappropriately and damagingly, the opposite of this internal conviction.
This is NAMA’s second reported residential sale in the borough of Westminster. In March 2011, it was exclusively revealed on here that NAMA was selling the loan in respect of 20 Grosvenor Square back to a consortium lead by Richard Caring. That property is also destined to be converted into luxury flats but Grosvenor Square is superior location, presently home to the US Embassy, and the flats there would be expected to fetch GBP 4,000 psf or indeed more.
Thirsty Dog Brewing Company Hoppus Maximus
But after the boy’s father, Stuart Chaifetz, released excerpts of the tape in an online video last week, millions of people learned what was said at the Horace Mann Elementary School.
big numbers, ty to all for participating and good luck!
Andrew’s 30th birthday!
“I mean he has a good job. Guess a hundred grand a year isn’t good enough for him.” She said in a snarky voice.
Dad becomes furious upon hearing the news and Mom cries as she tells him that the scar will remain forever. Left with no choice, Dad swaps the girls’ name for the princess selection.
We also have our top 3, shortlisted by the DT then given over to Random.org to get to the final 3 as we loved so many of the entries again this week. The Top 3 for challenge 5 are
There's a number of people who are getting miffed about fines for not touching in or out at barriers with their Oyster cards. The maximum amount for not touching in & out increased to £6.50 last month, up more than 8 per cent from last year. Now a group of commuters are campaigning about being fined particularly on the Docklands Light Railway, where there are fewer actual barriers than on the London Underground.
This was confirmed by SAPS capt Pinky Tsinyane, provincial police spokesman. “The police are aware of the case. Once the investigation is complete, the dossier will be referred to the directorate of public prosecutions for a decision whether the case will be prosecuted in the courts, or not”, Tsinyane said.
An interesting phenomenon is happening in our town, following a good, old-fashioned winter that dumped several feet of glistening, white stuff on us. As the snow begins to melt from from a southern hillside in town, which houses a rock quarry, hundreds of deer are flocking to this spot in search of buds to eat, after a very meager winter with very little available food.
As the inexorable expansion of London continued, Hackney’s gardens were eventually covered with bricks and cement. In 1840, 30,000 local residents petitioned Queen Victoria for the formation of a Royal Park to improve the environment and their quality of life. The Queen assented and Victoria Park, which the Queen visited personally in 1873, was laid out in 1845-50.
McCarthy told the paper that a "homeland security survey" apparently was never done for the site by the previous city administration. (What's that? Unclear. Was a security survey done in Brooklyn? Almost certainly.)
Once, I realised with a start, I had left her alone for several days without even a morning for her to look out upon. When I got there, I found her all alone with no day and no world around her; just standing alone in the emptiness, which was all I’d left for her.
The character of the exploitation of labor in the South has changed as investment patterns have displaced large populations from manufacturing and extractive employment. The continuing breakdown of the caste-like remnants of post-Reconstruction labor “markets” has removed hundreds of thousands of workers from home- and institution-based domestic service, as well as various manual occupations, and forced them into other employment. This new “New South” has been widely celebrated, even as regional wage rates still trail other sections of the country (and while the South shares the national upward redistribution of wealth). What is different now from the pattern in the 1950s is that realizing a return on investment by the sweating-it-out of workers is nothing like the obvious low-cost option it was then.
Robert Hooke has had the historical misfortune to have produced an extraordinary career that has been obscured over time — and in his own day too — by the still greater accomplishment of Isaac Newton. He compounded that ill luck by being something of an ass. His fate was sealed, at least in the intellectual politics of late 17th century London, by having chosen perhaps the worst person possible to annoy. Newton took offense easily, and nurtured his grievances indefinitely....
Anyway, why do i think The Kernel are the UK's best brewery? Wow factor *. Not every beer has it, but the ratio of 'wow' beers to the 'meh' beers is far greater than any other brewery I have tried. I have said in the past that above about 6.7% The Kernel are in a league of their own, but below that abv threshold the beers lack the impact. In my opinion at least. Plenty disagree, but as I rarely see let alone drink a Kernel beer below 6.7% it's fairly immaterial.
EMPLOYEE: Sure, what is the name of the book?
Well, I just wrapped up my fourth week of classes here. I’m sitting in a café on Nicolson Street called Kilimanjaro, sipping on a beautiful cappuccino and enjoying the people watching.. as usual. My weekends start each week on Thursdays at 1 pm – I don’t have classes on Wednesdays or Fridays! When I found this out at first I was delighted – only three days of classes?! And to be honest, it’s been great. The only problem is that it’s almost too much time off. I work better when I’m busy and under pressure, like back home when I’m balancing tough classes with work and being active in my sorority. Here though I don’t have a job, the societies I’ve joined are minimally time consuming, and I only have class for three hours on Mondays, four hours on Tuesdays, and two hours on Thursdays. So much time off! Quickly though I’ve learned to keep myself busy, and I’ve tried my hardest to make plans with friends as much as possible, make myself wake up early(-ish..) on days off, and get out of my flat even on days when really I don’t need to. Running around here is amazing – on one run I went up into the hills and right past some ruins (probably an old tower?)…only regret was not having my camera. You never know when you’re going to stumble across something amazing here.
MIND-BOGGLING REVELATIONS
time: 3pm to 9pm
Getting a phone call from my sister.
Bloated Opinions, Schmuckness! Brain Danger ! i met these guys the other day at an olde punky do and they're cool with the uploading, there was talk of a book one day, would be great.
Make Christmas crackers
“What was what?” Trent said, playing innocent. His voice seemingly back to normal.
So for everyone out there struggling with an eating disorder, and for all the friends and family members who are watching their friend or child struggling with an eating disorder–remember. You are not alone.
US Rice Hulls 8.00 oz 4.3 % 0.0
I remembered that no matter how much water I drink I get easily get dehydrated and shouldn’t drink wine those nights. See that Chardonnay hiding behind the paper towels? It haunted me the next day.
Needless to say? I don’t want to lose this (direct) contact with you here or on Twitter.
Time for another instalment in my irregular series of irregular clock projects. In contrast with the minimalism of Clock Two, in this article we describe how to build a different type of clock – using the “lilypad” style of Arduino-compatible board and components designed for use in e-textiles and wearable electronics. As the LilyPad system is new territory for us, the results have been somewhat agricultural. But first we will examine how LilyPad can be implemented, and then move on to the clock itself.
This little marble traveled a very long way to fall into the hands of a very nice Greek named Nemi. They have been fantastic and have also agreed to send me a seashell (possibly with art) in return for my marble.
Ever wonder what other Fashionistas like you have hidden in their closets??? We definitely think about it every time we meet someone ultra stylish. Just like when we stalk our favourite bloggers for style ideas, these people can be a great source of inspiration. After all, fashion and style are not only for those who work for fashion magazines and runways! So, we set out on a mission to get a closer look at the everyday style of Toronto’s most fashionable personalities, covering everything from their favourite clothing pieces to their home décor. For our very first feature, we chose one of the most stylish people we know and one of our closest friends, Lee –Anne!
The Ice Storm (James Schamus)
Like most girls, I LOVE makeup, I love the idea of waking up in the morning and applying that little bit of mascara or eyeliner just to brighten up my eyes. But have the pressures of today and society itself made girls feel that insecure about themselves where I see makeup applied where I just want to wipe it all off?
“Opening one’s eyes may take a lifetime.
It was an Easter Sunday like many other. I was with my parents having dinner at my brother's house. My neice and nephew were outside mucking about, riding their bikes and skipping. At 35, I felt still nimble and quick so I had a turn on the skipping rope and it went exceedingly well. It was like riding the bike and I demonstrated the skipping skills I had perfected in my childhood and through a few years of boxing. Even June Cleaver got in on the act and showed my neice how at 73, she could still wield a mean rope. The Skip-It came out next and I slayed it, jumping circles around my neice who still couldn't believe that her grandmother and aunt not only knew how to skip but had once owned both a skipping rope and a Skip-It (called a Lemon Twister in my day, but the premise was still the same).
Happy celebration from the McCool kitchen!
Tickets were sold cash for 100,- euro, guess they’ll be the same price tonight. Sale started yesterday round 21.00 ish I believe so tonight better get in line on time if you want it…enjoy!
B.T. (Brenda Taylor) ~ You Can’t Have Your Cake~ After Hours / West End Records ~ 1982
Even the fact that Elastigirl's absurdly idealised and yet patently free from objectivisation is both a relief and an inspiration. That women as strong and individual as Elastigirl are almost entirely absent from the super-verses of 2012 is more than a considerable shame. It is, although the very word will strike many as nought but hyperbole, a scandal. After all, we can hardly argue that Helen Parr's anything other than an entirely unchallenging if engaging representation of a typical middle-aged individual. As laudable as she is as a character, she hardly represents what we might think of as a radical view of femininity and age, and yet, in the mass of costumed crimefighter books, her like's often far too daring a take to even appear on the page. Too "old", too mature, too unlike a 14 year old boy's vision of a Sue-Storm-hot soccer mom, too suburban, too strong, too challengingly grounded in everyday experience, too willing to express emotion and reason alike, too willful and yet too maternal, too contrary. Too worryingly threatening and contaminating, it would seem, as ridiculous as the very idea surely is in this, the second decade of the 21st century.
colon cancer that had spread to his liver)
Once your baby is born, baby is also stripped from their lovely amniotic-like smell. This is important for mom and baby. That smell helps baby to latch on, not only for the first trip to the breast, but as long as we don't interrupt that olfactory cue.
“Leaves are the most motivating theme for me. I balance cold and hot colors. Gold is very representative in my work, it means an inner glow and strength that I feel when I’m doing my mosaic. In this panel I used three types of Orsoni Gold tiles and seven different types of Orsoni Smalti.”
On my thumb, pointer, and pinky fingers I’m wearing All Tied Up, and on my middle and ring fingers I’m wearing something by Hard Candy. I don’t know the name of the Hard Candy polish, it doesn’t say on the bottle. I think the two colors complement each other nicely. The two-color trend is a great way for impatient girls like me to try multiple colors at once. Have you ever tried the two-color mani?
Thanks for taking the time to read this!
Soon... soon.
God bless you all!
When an account is up for grabs, the RFPs should include a section on each competing agency’s diversity objectives and achievements. Presenting hard numbers and case studies to prove inclusiveness must be mandatory. Additionally, each agency ought to introduce the diverse team that will service the account. If a new account requires hiring staff, the client must instruct the winning agency to meet specific employment goals to ensure diversity happens. Finally, clients should be required to invite minority agencies to pitch—to assume lead AOR status, not multicultural second-class citizenship.
06 Transmission (Live)
Fattoush Salad
On her birthday, she didn't seem all that excited for the gift. I asked her to tell me honestly if she thought it was a good gift. Something she'd like. She did like it but not enough to spend all that money, she said. She felt the money would be better used on either our debt or a smaller gift she'd really love. She was crying when she said this, worried she'd broken my heart and apologetic. I got lots of "Mum, I don't want to hurt your feelings' and at the end of the day, it's true that I was more excited about the gift than she. She admitted she felt like an ungrateful and spoiled child. Although I could see that a bit, I had to remind myself that her heart needed to be in it. It's her birthday, after all.
UPDATE 7/31/11: Added in the drop rate formula as revealed by Silk on the forums. I figure if I can spot any other formulas they reveal, I'll put it here. Of course, there's always a chance the formula may be tweaked here and there.
she stays a flawless oak every season,
These pictures were taken over a month ago, when the daffodils in the forest behind out house were blooming. That we’ve got huge clumps of daffodils randomly placed in the forest, and (until I planted some last summer) none in the yard is a mystery. Did the previous owners of our house plant them there? Did they just naturally grow there? Will I kill them if I replant them in the yard so that I can watch them bloom? So many questions.
My sweet babies snuggling together on the couch in the RV while we were driving down the road this past fall. I used Fabscraps Shabby Chic pps for this, I love these papers and they should soon be available at the Flying Unicorn store.
So what is wrong with simply suggesting a courteous line? Or one of those take a number things? If there were those rectangular you-table-is-ready vibrating blinking buzzing dealies? (Then you could sit outside and google or attempt to do business that teeny tiny cell phone screen?) No?
I met a woman. We fell in love quickly and were married a little more than seven months later. We are both stubborn people and especially because our parents said we would never succeed, we did. The road, especially early on, was rocky. We had our first child ten months after we got married and it was an amazingly difficult pregnancy. We were still getting to know each other. The unfortunate reality is that we never did.
NIV
The greatest slowdown has been at home, the national economy, is the only one of concern to Americans. Three and a half years into his first (and hopefully last term), Obama is still blaming it on former President Bush.
I traced him onto heavy weight muslin and backed it with some white warm and natural so it gives a sort of quilted look. He'll get some pieces of red plaid home spun as a border and I think I'm going to add some tabs at the top so I can put a fancy dowel through the tabs to hang him...the pattern doesn't call for the tabs...but I never follow patterns exactly! I think I should have him finished in a couple days.
Is that what you want?
ABC’s Consolidated Media Report is an optional report that allows newspapers to feature a variety of products in their portfolio, including free distribution, e-newsletters, website traffic, mobile metrics, social media data and more. ABC independently verifies all data on a CMR. Top-line stats from these reports are featured in CMR-FAX, which is distributed as part of the full FAS-FAX report.
When I was growing up, my Nanny taught me how to bake. I think that is one of the reasons I love baking as an adult. Nanny loved it and she passed that on to me. She used that old teacup to measure her sugar. Of course when I was a teenager and taking Home Economics, I explained to her that it wasn't an accurate form of measurement and would most certainly mess up the baked goods. Nanny humored me and we used measuring cups. I'm not sure why I or she did not think to measure out one cup with a measuring cup and fill the teacup with it. We never did. I did that a couple of months ago. Guess what? I was exactly one cup! In honor of my Nanny, my sugar canister now has a teacup from the stonewear set that she blessed me with for my hope chest when I was in junior high. I measured it too. One cup.
Today I thought I would post a Kansas City Six tune titled 'Countless Blues' with Eddie Durham on Guitar. Mind you, this was played & recorded way back in 1938.
Housing is equally complex, the government pays for a few months, but after that, they’re on their own. And besides that obvious practical issue, many refugees aren’t used to living in such an atmosphere and there are tremendous emotional obstacles to be overcome as well because they have to make adjustments to new living conditions. They need to get used to having cars passing by in front of their home on a regular basis or to living in an apartment complex with many other people. Their children have to get used to not having as much room to play as they did in their home country.
This film just hasn’t left out anything, has it?
But with all art, all those who mastered something were all taught by another master or teacher.
For layout #2 I tried to bring out the 'stars' in red and orange by keeping the fabrics the same. It occurs to me, now that I have the picture on the computer, that I could have enhanced this even more by making the blue and green Xs the same fabrics, but I don't know if that will entirely work.
Brewed: 02-07-2008
Hope you can join us this week I will look forward to visiting your Blogs to see what you have made
13. Sun Diver - Easter Wood Bunch / 5:16
You have to ride the train with all other kids who are the same age as you, whether you like them or not. Sometimes, if your train is small enough, you end up spending years and years with this same group of kids. Even if you hate them, because they treat you like garbage, and make you feel like you don't matter. You might really want to go sit with your sister, who loves you, whose train is a year ahead of you on the tracks, but that is not allowed.
The itching associated with mosquito bites can be reduced by applying meat tenderizer paste, table salt (to wet skin), or toothpaste. Any alkaline preparation (like a paste of baking soda and water) will help ease the itch.
And if they want to have fun in the process of raising the Craft Beer World's profile, why the hell not?!!
Documentary Feature: Undefeated
With her hands on her chest
Directed By: Eric Bross
They kept sneaking up on me Wednesday. If I hadn't known better, I would've blamed it on my hair-mones, as my daughter used to say, but no, that wasn't it. It just happens sometimes.
So much…so much you can’t imagine
Further Training
2-4 large parsnips
Platitudes battling
Body washes. I love finding a new smell that I like everytime my bottle is empty.
Must not lust after workmate until healed and wearing clean knickers....
Sleepin' on the job
Don Barkley, Brew Master
Overweight Soldiers have told me "I've never had to run two miles in combat." Neither have I, but I have had to run around a FOB gaining accountability of my people after a VBIED attack. I've never had to do a pushup to stop the enemy from advancing, but I have had to carry a room mate back to his bunk after he drank too much and blacked out. Every time I've had to do something that may have been physically challenging I've managed to accomplish the task.
I mentioned that personal relationship with God as a unifying theme and it will come as no surprise that there is a pastor amongst the characters and he is just as deplorable as those characters who do not enjoy his elevated status. Preston Teagardin preys on his female congregation, particularly young girls, making it his mission to deflower them and his view of women as repositories for his lust, guilt and total disregard for women as anything other than objects makes him a truly horrific character. In a way perhaps only a man of the cloth can Teagardin gets off on his guilt finding that it is just this feeling that intensifies his connection to God, that gives it its drive and meaning.
"What!!" the chorus is unanimous and simultaneous as Breene races into the men's room only to return with the same palor.
2 T prepared mustard
Ripples of her felt on my skin
This is the look I get when he spys me in the bathroom mirror. He still cries when I go into the shower, but at least now he knows where I am!!
Five daily skin essentials that offer healthy skin maintenance for all skin types. This kit is designed to balance skin's pH and regulate moisture content while offering anti-aging benefits through powerful bioactives derived from vitamin-enriched plant oils and fruit extracts. Use these minis as a way to try out some products from this line before committing to the full sized, or use these for travel.
Mark: What? I'm sorry! I can't hear you--there are too many people yelling in here. And if this is what we have to listen to in heaven, you'll have to find someone else.
Sugar- 1/4 cup
Gloves, Canes, Pocket Watches, Watch Fobs, Quizzing Glasses — all indicators of wealth and status as well as functional and practical
1 achilles'
1138 ***D-IV/28/1992. “Somerset v. Stewart (1772): On Taking the Low Road to High Places.” Faculty Workshop, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-10, above, pp. 1-9, 263-67 (1999).) See Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 715-24.
Bob Enevoldsen - Valve Trombone
Interesting. Are they or aren’t they? Now, obviously there ARE some funny dads. For example, if you’re a dad who writes a blog – count yourself out of the unfunny dad category because even simply the act of writing a blog means you probably have more of a funny gene then most. But, with my dad, I think it DOES somewhat hold true. Out of the pair, my mom is the funny one. My mom is fall-down hilarious. My dad – more of a cornball. Dad’s jokes ALWAYS elicit groans from my brother and I.
Tchividjian begins by explaining the inner struggle he had over his own identity during his first year at Coral Ridge:
Yep, it's been a freaking long time since I have done a Face-down Tuesday photo! I attended Bead Fest in Philadelphia this past weekend (hope to blog about that soon) and one of the things I was asked over and over was, "When are you going to do another Face-down Tuesday shot?" That and, "Why don't you post more photos of your bunnies?"
Which will give you some clue as to the course the story takes. What we witness is nothing less than one person's entire life, from Lint's first abstract glimpses of his mother's face, to his last desperate moments on a hospital gurney. In between those bookends is a story of searing ordinariness, an achingly real account of a life of small triumphs, desperate disappointments, some laughs, some highs (mostly centred around football), some pain, some anger, money made, money lost... all the stuff that each of us go through in our own ways. There are moments of truth that will speak to everyone: for me it was little details like picking at a hangnail in church; teenage venting that no one understands you and that you're "not one of these people"; a closing comment in the hospital – "They keep moving me, you know" – that brought back very recent, traumatic experiences. Yours will be different, but they will be there.
It is also possible that as my own practice unfolds I get less and less from my contemporaries because the work demands its own contexts. As my painting becomes less involved in contemporary obsessions with media images and strategies like found imagery, montage and cultural critique, the more I feel like I have to turn to work from other times to find relevant exemplars.
Ashraf Galal, a plant manager, told Daily News Egypt, “Everyone should know that the American embassy accommodates a criminal mob aiming to divide Egypt. America is a county of piracy and we are here to pressure the embassy to stop interfering in Egyptian affairs.”
MEMORY :-
The Bard of Walthamstowe:
The second stage of the counterrevolution, from October 1936 through May 1937, involved the destruction of the local committees, the replacement of the militia by a conventional army, and the reestablishment of the prerevolutionary social and economic system, wherever this was possible. Finally in May 1937 came a direct attack on the working
7: polyfolk dance 9:03
One Birchwood Road, a spec job over at Will Merry and (extremely) close to transportation via the Merritt Parkway, tried a price of $6.495 in 2006 and by doing so missed that market and followed the rest of the housing stock into the in the abyss that began in late 2007. It’s been on and off the market since then and now it’s back with a Westchester broker and a new price, $5.695 million. Had they started there six years ago the builders might have made out but now they have an old house at the price of a new one and probably above that level, too. Fours, maybe? I remember it as not a bad house but a pretty standard spec and then there’s the Merritt to consider. Not horrible, but a factor.
We should all be open to the possibility and opportunity to find our true home. There is no place like home.
123rd Tournament of Roses Parade (repeats) ... Hallmark Channel ... 3 PM
Some of you may know I reside in South Africa, which recently celebrated (27 April) Freedom Day.� Freedom day celebrates freedom and commemorates the first post-apartheid elections which happened on the same day in 1994.� It was definitely a victory for the time, and the more I thought about it, the more questions popped up.� On my freedom day, and up until now, I been doing quite a bit of reading, watching documentaries and brushing up on some things I didn’t know.� Some of the stuff I came across I knew already, some I didn’t, but it did put a lot of�it into perspective.� Yes, perhaps it is a bit depressing reading about the inequalities of the world and how it is incredibly difficult, if not impossible to do anything about it.
~Cut 2 hearts from felt
Ethereal lounge-pop of the Bristol school from a Reykjavík-based singer-songwriter. Think Massive Attack if they had discovered a taste for gothic Mexicana and lived by the beach.
"From our brand new audio curriculum, Step by Step FRENCH, comes this half hour MP3 audio excerpt from the full length "Introduction to French Phonology" course, The Phonology course emphasizes proper pronunciation, inflection, and intonation of French sounds and words, and is just one of the FOUR complete French language audio courses included on this new computer DVD. This course is very precisely structured and presents very small bits of information in sequential order, and may be used along with or prior to Basic French, depending on your learning style. (If you have an analytical or left-brain oriented student, they might enjoy this one more than the regular language program. If you want to check out a sample of the "Basic French" course, check out the curriculum page.)"
So.... without further ado, here they are:
I love freestanding stairways. The curves, the flowing steps, and the appearance of being as light as a feather, make freestanding stairways seem both elegant and magical.
with a huge candy bar in her hands. Ah ha, I was able to
He couldn’t sleep. He stares at his 3 piece wardrobe every 5 minutes. Flip and turn the invite every now and then. Then perpetually asks is it time yet?
'Ministers make no distinction between innocence and guilt and as a result everyone is treated like a suspect.'
I’m thinking Kim never even heard of a retro before Kanye. He’s definitely trying to up her swag!
It was spring again. William leaned on the balustrade of his terrace and looked out at the Pacific. Frangipani bloomed in stone urns on either side of him. Fifty yards ahead, and almost at William's level, a seagull floated in the air. William watched it fold its wings and swoop down toward the village dump. Then his attention was attracted to a dusty black car that had emerged from the village and started up the road toward the villa. A plume of dust rose behind the car. Presently William could hear the engine laboring. The car disappeared behind a clump of pines, reappeared in the road directly below the terrace, and came to a stop. The driver got out and ran around to open the rear door, and Mrs. Twett emerged.
Swimming in a fish bowl,
19. What kept you sane?
I’m glad I know them. Means I’ll be around even when I’m gone, wrapped up in their heads like precious stones.
about 4m bias binding (I use premade 100% cotton binding available at Spotlight/patchwork stores but you can make your own. I'll talk about that later)
President left to go to São Paulo and participate in the mission
Richie's crew is watching an ad for an Ali - Frazier fight that night. Frank gives Eva a gift and she gives him one back, an over the top chinchilla coat, with a matching hat. Richie arranges to attend the match with a camera to see all the prominent crime figures attending including Dominic Cattano. Frank and Eva have the best seats available, better than Cattano, and the Chinchilla coat and hat make him stand out. He's noticed by Richie, who takes some pictures of him talking with Cattano, and by Det. Trupo.
“So you all accept the mission?” asked Rothmon.
Did I tell you that it is all FREE? Now that makes smart cents!!!
Isolation joints are placed at junctures where changes in material require isolation for any differential movement between two different materials. Typical example is window frame perimeter abutting façade materials.
Luke 10:35 On the next day when he departed he took out two denarri and gave them to the innkeeper and said to him take care of him and whatever extra you spend when I come again I will repay you.
Since I have not really stayed in the shelters except when the weather is really bad they can't give me a recommendation, without that recommendation the waiting list is 8 months. Can you die from bladder infections? I don't know, but if you can I would think I would be dead before 8 months hits.
Last week, Basma Jebali, an Ennahda member representing a constituency that includes the island of Djerba stated in parliamentary discussions that "massive purchases of land by Jews in Djerba could turn the island into a second Palestine". She appeared to have forgotten that adherents of the Jewish faith were living in Djerba long before the arrival of Islam.
Or the faint memory of someone -not a ninja assassin- helping her off the ground and helping her to the sofa. Someone tall who asked her about a key.
Laura Mercier Foundation powder
Hurray for the women who suffered and toiled and even lost for the sake of the querelle des femmes and in the face of accusations with as heavy a price as death by fire.
“They are under the heat from our Armed Forces and security agencies.What we are seeing now are mere acts of desperation by the gangs. We won’t relent because there are clear signs that their end is in sight,” Mohammed said.
My baby brother was born April 3rd and he was celebrating his 1st birthday in 1962 in this photo.
He named her Elsie, and barely had time to hand her over to me before I took off down the road. I grew up on bikes, and my Grandpa is an avid biker....still at 87 years old. He has never driven a car, and his bikes are everything to him.
1 Timothy 4:1
One positive outcome of this situation is that C&T has recognized the need to improve its guidelines to assist new and existing quilters-turned-authors through the publishing process. I understand that their recently launched “author initiative program” is already off to a good start and I hope it benefits everyone.
This product comes in 1.7 ounce roll-on bottle, usually for $1.25 (!), now on sale for $0.99 (!) and a larger 2.6 ounce bottle, usually for $1.99, now on sale for $1.49. The deodorant I’ve been using the past few years (Secret) is usually 4 bucks a pop, and these prices combined with a great quality product is music to my ears.
Maybe that’s what Clare Kasten is picking up. She’s shy, quiet, and intense, but she’s sought him out. There’s no telling what she wants from him.
Albert Einstein on:
"Occasionally a plant will produce a bine which differs somewhat in character from the other bines; this is called a 'bud sport', or 'bud mutation'. The difference may be either in the direction of improvement or depreciation in the quality of the cones, or in the cultural character of the plant. If a cutting from this individual bine is used for propagation, the plant which is obtained, and its vegetative progeny, will retain it characters. In this way, by selecting bines with improved characters, new and better types of hops have been introduced from time to time."
I should go to Vermont more often. As spoiled as we are with food in NYC, I put my feedbag on this weekend for a friend’s wedding in “The Northeast Kingdom.” I am still reeling from the sweets.
Student : Yes.
Who Am I Not To Follow Greatness
She hang hearts. Seven of them.
Vast chants of tragedy too deep – too deep
I was excited to perform at the open mic hosted by the Southern Minnesota Poetry Society. Since it was bitterly cold that night, I decided to take my very portable little lap harp out for the evening and play in the style of the Celtic bards, singing and accompanying myself.
Onion: Garden Freebie
BULLSHIT! There is no tacit agreement! Maya has just explicitly DISAGREED with you, so no tacit agreement can be assumed!
The load calculation programs; Box Wizard, CalcRite and CalcuLoad were updated today to reflect the NEW “B” generation of the large vertical air condensing units. All K/T/BEZA condensing units using Copeland scroll compressors had their model numbers changed from “M8” to “H8” to better reflect the condensing units potential application range.
We can revel in many things. And as you can tell from the above examples, most are tangible items that can be tasted, seen, felt, heard, or held. But, it is possible to revel without having something others view as tangible? Can you revel in the unseen, unspoken, hidden, or miraculous?
And fell in love.
Tapers-critic of this concert: Köln saw a great and powerfull return of The Waterboys, an audience who gave them stunning applause on various songs. It seemed that the audience wasn't much into the "new" record but liked it very much as Mr Scott and Band played it well.
1-1/2 cups ice
In a large bowl combine garlic, chilies, chili powder, soy sauce and the toasted sesame oil. Whisk together, add eggplant and allow to marinate 4-6 hours.
Sexual promiscuity is another dubious tale of poverty. Whatever may have been the case in Harrington’s heyday, promiscuity is not exactly confined, these days, to the poor (e.g., Dixon, 2012).
"Why do you have to act like a slut all the time" (Because he told me he liked women who dress up, so I used to turn up at his house wearing. . . )
I wonder if she's happy - I hope so. She was one of the good people. There’s not many good people around me anymore, that I’ve decided. Trust me - I’ve looked. It’s all about having a heart, passion and being genuine - ain't it?
“We don’t drop your calls, because they are carried on the wings of ANGELS!”
Their self-titled debut album is just that. The songs in them will have you clapping and stomping along to the ridiculously infectious beats and chugging charming harmonies.
These small vintage berry buckets, or gathering buckets, are perfect for your stroll down blueberry or strawberry lane. These display excellent patina attesting to their age and oxidation. They are survivors with scars.
She didn’t really work much past my early childhood, although she was a qualified teacher. And one that inspired adoration and love from her pupils. She was the only teacher in our primary school in Scotland who refused to carry the tawse – a two pronged leather strap for whipping the children with. But it wasn’t her refusal to use corproal punishment that made her popular – it was her lessons. They were so creative, so much fun. I was in her class and was not allowed to call her ‘Mummy’ – I had to refer to her as Mrs Morgan. That was hard, but she was desperate not to favour me over the other children. I must have been about 8 and after morning playtime Mum allowed us to come out to the front of the class and tell any news we had. Like we’d seen the first robin, or someone’s sister was getting married. Today I had news. Big news. I got up and told the class we were moving to Wales. My classmates looked wide eyed but accepting. Nobody was that bothered. Then someone put up their hand, “Does that mean you’re leaving too Mrs Morgan?” “Yes it does,” said my Mum.Whereupon the classroom erupted in to tears. From gentle silent sobbings, to loud gulps and nigh-on hysteria. I stood at the front of the class with a dawning realisation. They hadn’t been upset when they knew I was going, but were absoultely heartbroken that my Mum was leaving. She always seemed to have that effect on my friends. They loved her.
“…Edwin was tall and thin and dreamy and redheaded. He moved with the dangerous grace of a panther when he wanted to. Other times he flowed with the fluidity of water, especially when he did his adjustments. When he pressed his body up against hers in Half Moon or Triangle Pose, Cerise blushed like an innocent. She might as well have been a teenager in those moments. In Half Moon Pose he held her leg up, right at the junction where buttock meets thigh, finger tips just millimeters from her center. His other hand supported her waist from below. She wondered if he could feel the heat flaming up through her unitard. She never wore lingerie to class, just that slim black sheath like a second skin.
Win it: One very lucky reader from the US/CAN will get to pick a pair of Yoga Jeans by Second. Their entire Yoga collection is amazing! Enter below via Rafflecopter.
While this passage opens with a great deal of frustration over death, it seems to close with a question that expresses a sense of hope … Who will bring man to see what will occur after him … after his death?
¾ cups soy creamer
With many things to say.
You saved all my family !
Hope you all have a lovely start to the week…
Make a recording of Fran Drescher saying 'mommy' repeatedly. (Important: no more than a four second delay between each 'mommy'; occasional crescendo to the level of a supersonic jet is required). Play this tape in your car everywhere you go for the next four years. You are now ready to take a long trip with a toddler.
A: Lakas? What Lakas? They’re now Liberals!
After recovering from her injuries, Cline came back with another significant hit in the form of the song Crazy, and participated in a well-received showcase at Carnegie Hall in November. Her career had now far surpassed all of her expectations. While Crazy ascended to #1, the singles She’s Got You and Imagine That both took their turns on the charts in 1962; an extensive tour was undertaken at the start of that same year, followed by an appearance on American Bandstand in February, and a 35-day headlining gig in Las Vegas that November. In the midst of the enormous popularity she now enjoyed, Cline experienced a premoniton that it would all be over for her soon and gave friend June Carter instructions on how she wanted her children to be raised when she was no longer around. After a benefit concert in Kansas City in March of 1963, Patsy Cline was killed when the plane flying her home crashed near Camden, Tennessee.
Oh well. and Hey Felix- I made a berry pie. It was awful, but I had fun trying!
OTTAWA - A white South African who was granted refugee status in Canada after claiming racial persecution may yet be sent home.
Later Varendi et al (1996) showed that within the first hour after birth, significantly more babies spontaneously selected a breast treated with amniotic fluid than the alternative untreated breast. This attraction appears to be based on olfactory cues. Thus, amniotic fluid augments or overrides the attractiveness of the natural scent of the mother' breast. They postulated that observed attraction to amniotic fluid odour may reflect foetal exposure to that substance (i.e. prenatal olfactory learning). They also suggested that throughout the evolution of our species it was probably common for women to handle their babies themselves during and following delivery. Immediately after parturition, the mother's hands soiled with birth fluids would transfer the amniotic fluid to her breasts when she first attempted to nurse her neonate. This may be observed currently amongst non-human primates. The data presented illustrates the importance of maternal odours for newborn infants. Aside from guiding a neonate's overt behavioural responses, such olfactory stimuli also appear to have a calming effect on the infant and provide a basis for early individual recognition of
10. La Femme Parallel
I did my usual wake up and stare at the ceiling last night, but today instead of being able to snooze a while after finally going back to sleep, we had to be up before 7. Well...Matt woke up at 7:14, we had to leave the house by 7:30, so we zipped around and got ready, got Jake to rehearsal and fed Ben and Chan then dropped them off and picked Jake up and ate with him. I managed to jilt Suzette, who planned to eat at Cracker Barrel with me this morning. I just flat forgot, which makes me about a 2 on the friend scale. Still, she's thinking of going to Yellowstone with me!
But they don't try to fix the crazy.
the keen primeval silence of your hair
We can thank city planners like Robert Moses for much of this change, obsessed as he was with highway building. But new roads alone couldn't facilitate the move to suburbia. Mass transit was required to provide a convenient and cost-effective alternative for the 'second wave' suburbanites -- those aspiring professionals wishing the emulate the lifestyle behaviors of their bosses without the paychecks to secure it. People, say, like Pete Campbell.
Step 7: Zig-zag stitch around your shape in a fun, contrasting color
Bottom row - boot basket, Grayson's shoes (he's in a 14 so gets his own basket), all girls shoes, little boy shoes
ADDRESS ——– LAGOS NIGERIA
5. Bella is a real girl. Sure, she's beautiful, but she doesn't believe it, and she has a few flaws, like her clumsiness, which make her much easier to relate to.
Guthrie: why are you still running?
Many fluffy bunnies who come to Wicca as a means of casting spells, using poppets, and such are really into the cut-and-paste aspect many mainstream Wiccan authors sell. And, you know, that’s what originally turned me off and away from Wicca specifically, the cut-and-paste aspect. But I realize that I had been reading some pretty bad authors (namely Silver Ravenwolf) who had promoted this aspect. There really isn’t anything wrong with being open with readers about who or what is worshipped – hell, if you perform a ritual out of a book, you’re likely to insert your deity(ies) anyways, which I understand is expected. But Wicca is a religion in and of itself, unlike witchcraft, and though it isn’t as concrete as Christianity or other religions, some theo(a)logy is recognized, like the duality and polarity of the God and Goddess, magick, Wiccan Rede, etc.
I’ve been fortunate to have a job that is largely physical and has kept me from putting on to much weight during my absence but I have a good bit of work to do to get back to where I was physically. I’ve had to quit smoking again, which was fairly easy to do since I have previous experience of being capable of it, I just had to reapply the will to do so. It will be a few months until my endurance is where I would like it to be but it also appears that mind training has allowed me to detach a bit from the discomfort of extreme (or extreme to me) physical exercise and I was able to push further than I expected. The class still wore me out and there were a few times my legs were like jello, especially after 30 squat thrusts, 30 break falls, crawling around on the floor like spider man and then trying to do outside crescent kicks at full force. I was pleased to find that I didn’t feel the urge to pass out or throw up as I expected. After working on some new material for half an hour or so class ended, I said my goodbyes and walked home.
I am going to enlighten you about the use of maps in my class.I am not sure if I find what I am about to tell you funny or sad; maybe it is a little bit of each.
fiercely
I think we're very lucky to have so much available inspiration on tap via the internet and other media, the world has become such a small place. Some people would argue that its made it more difficult to be original but if you look at all the imagery and videos that is made available to us via technology then I think there's more sources of inspiration out there than ever before.
Since it’s a new month, it’s time for my monthly exercise progress report! I do these at the beginning of each month (check out February, January and my ginormous 2011 Year-End Report). Every workout I complete gets noted in my calendar, and once a month, those notes get turned into facts and figures, because I just love facts and figures!
To find yourself
Grey
but they built up
The most recent shining example of this came near the end of last Thursday’s episode of ABC’s FlashForward, in the character of FBI agent Janis Hawk (Christine Woods). Not only did this episode reveal her to be a lesbian looking for love (and who among us are not fascinated with that rejection of male dominance?) in spite of the fact that the “vision” she saw in her “flash forward” was of her being several months pregnant (more male ego tugging), but also included one of the most incredible female-on-male ass kicking scenes I’ve witnessed when two would be assassins tried to take her down. Hell she even took down the second assailant from the ground with some brilliant gun play after he shot her in the back! My kind of woman indeed!
Psalm 1:1-3; Proverbs 4:14-15, 23-27; Jeremiah 23:11; Ezekiel 22:26; 44:23; Romans 12:1-2, 9; 2 Corinthians 7:1; Galatians 6:7-8, 14; Ephesians 5:11; Philippians 4:8; Colossians 3:16; 1 Thessalonians 5:21; Titus 2:11-14; James 1:27; 4:4; 1 Peter 1:15-16; 2:11; 4:1-4; and 1 John 2:15-17, to mention a few.
I live 30 minutes away from the beach and that’s where we spent our Labour Day. Maputo beach is NOT known for its beauty, most of Mozambique’s pristine beaches are found further north of Maputo City or on its islands.
I'm dogsitting with my sister's Golden Retriever, Jack, and have hung out with my friend Stefan for a couple of days. I miss Stef. Back in my late twenties, he hove into view as one of the huge cadre of work-study students in the library at the Baptist college where I worked. I didn't particularly like him at first because he could be a little whiny and a lot lazy when the mood took him. I recruited him to the academic team, and got to know him a little better. By my last semester there, we were cast together in a show. We were in the ensemble opener together, and each had a vocal feature in the same four-person number in the second act.
Chacarita (the northern part) is now Palermo New Orleans.
8. Garnish with corriander leaves and remove from heat.
Because sometimes you can listen to too much sad music from the last Harry Potter film, and you need something very different. I normally dislike the Stones, but I love this song!
I landed on the ground, and started aimlessly walking around. I called out Aunt Hilda’s name over and over, and I heard my voice echo through the empty space. I really wanted to fly again, but I woke up.
To have a home that is a mess.
Ellen Rulsch
They did not come to the repatriation itself as that would not have been appropriate, but we went to see the last journey of those soldiers. Despite the fact that there have been many repatriations home (too many I should say), it was actually my first one as I am usually at work when the soldiers arrive home.
I argeed fo 5minutes. So i went and meet him in the car parking and when i got into his car he just stared at me……. at this point i was veryyyyyyyyyy drunk but still could understand everything what was going on!
7:30- It's a bath night! Really, it's not because we had baths last night, but we are going to do them anyways because I am going out to dinner with some friends tomorrow night. We do baths every other night unless they are particularly dirty from playing outside. Baths are a mommy thing. Heath has never enjoyed giving baths, so it's just something that I do. If I have to be gone for a night I will usually give them a quick bath before I leave or I will make sure to do it the night before.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions, goes the saying. Whoever first said that surely must have had Democrats in mind.
Years passed, without any news. I kept on surfing the web, searching, but not as often anymore. I discovered Facebook, that was another site I really enjoyed. Being able to connect with old friends from back home. I really loved that and still do, it has made me feel much closer to home.
What does this have to do with eggs?
That’s how it worked, if you were bigger and stronger, then you took from the smaller, weaker children. There was a definite pecking order and the stronger, older children ruled the orphanages. There were many fights and children who acted out their disappointments in life by bullying and committing petty crimes in the local stores. Everything was shared whether they wanted to or not. The strong survived. It was reminiscent of Lord of The Flies.
That’s not the A.A. picture today unfortunately. Reliance on God’s power was implicit in a favorite Oxford Group expression: “Sin the Problem. Jesus Christ the Cure. The result: A Miracle.” And even that phraseology should interest those who define alcoholism as sin or those who think that the Oxford Group could not and did not bring about cures.
09-02 Helsinki, Finland - Sonera Stadium
I always find may an exciting month in fashion, only because the metropolitan museum of art in new york city opens up their costume institute and this year will definitely be an interesting one. the exhibition will feature schiaparelli and prada: impossible conversations, which explores the striking similairites between fashion designers elsa schiaparelli and miuccia prada, two italian designers from different eras! what makes this show so unique is that the exhibition will feature simulated video conversations between the two iconic designers and how they explore similar themes in their work. the video is directed by baz luhrmann and I am sure it will be very intriguing!
Since Zen has started preschool, he gets sick once a month on average... and then he pass it to his sister and their mummy is so exhausted after every round. And then it starts all over! But now hat I have started giving Zen prebiotics, I can see improvements. He doesn't fall sick so often.
YES Other: Parking Lot will be professionally re-paved
See how easy that was! Here is another variation:
If life were a football game, we would be in a stadium chanting cheers for the Dragon or for Light. My previous post Grosse was meant to shine a light on the darkness, but in the process I always feel repulsion, the taint of toxicity and evil. This is the psychomachia.
More on this later. Meanwhile, here’s a video on Prague’s lesser-known must-see places, as told by a local.
Well, it crept up like a thief in the night. . . Suddenly, it seems, there are golden leaves covering the ground, the high temperatures plummeted from 80 to 55 degrees, and I had to dig through my closet for scarves, mittens and wool tights. Fall is here. Summer is officially over, and while I'm a little bit sad- mainly because my long "to do" list of Summer activities was once again unfulfilled, I'm also excited about the changing season. Fall is the most beautiful time of year here in Wisconsin. Growing up in the South, I didn't get to see the drastic change in seasons that we have up here. Going for a drive out in the country to an apple orchard, kicking around in the piles of muli-colored leaves, having a bonfire with friends on a chilly Autumn night. . . these are things to look forward to. Also, Fall is my favorite fashion season. Layering is key and that means there are endless possibilities.
Have a nice day :)
For fans who stayed past the credits of “Fast Five” know, there’s a surprise concerning Letty’s apparent demise turning out to not be so certain. Anyways, Michelle Rodriguez has officially signed on to join Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Dwayne Johnson in “Fast and Furous 6″. It’s unclear who else is returning but a large number of the cast is expected to.
And, in between, were the middle-sized,
I hope all is well with everybody. I've been following your blogs and enjoying the art even though I haven't been posting. I'm back now and plan to do some painting and posting...but now, I'm going back to bed. Please forgive any typos I may have missed.
When the inmates were brought back to a holding cell, the deputy and 2 of us were left in the tiny clinic. The other nurse asked me who I thought was saying the truth. I said the first one. She was surprised at first to hear my answer because there was no obvious injury with that lady she saw. She wanted to know why I chose her.
There’s a prayer that gets used at AA and NA workshops sometimes. It goes like this: God, please set aside everything I think I know about myself, the twelve steps, this book, the meetings, my disease, and you so I may have an open mind and a new experience with all these things. Let me see the truth.
We were saved, by someone else who gave up His own life.
Harrison finally has reached the point in his journey where he gets bags under his eyes, where the constant evasion of Interpol has him exhausted. He was scratching his hands, twitching and rushing Ben through his answers. He was like “yeah, yeah so you want Beyan in the rose ceremony or what, kid?” and Ben was just like I’m going to figure it out last minute.
The rest is, of course, history. I did not turn her away. I christened her Ophelia Jane Shirley, and hid her from the camp's executive director for the remainder of the summer, sneaking around with my secret and feeling wonderfully like the protagonist in Shiloh. At the end of camp I brought her with me to Shawnee, and she's been my constant companion ever since.
this point that Dionysian mysticism corrects the ontological reading of the tetragrammaton from the Vulgate: “Ego sum qui sum” (Exodus 3:14). As Thomas Gallus notes, in commentary on Mystical Theology 1.3, “Take care lest one of the unbelieving or the inexperienced should hear those secrets. I mean people who firmly depend upon natural reasons or the love of existent things, thinking that there is nothing above being—understood as the subject of metaphysics and containing both created and uncreated realities, according to their opinion. And this they have from the word that is spoken in Exodus, I am who am. But this was spoken so that he might offer himself in a first understanding to us as a kind of reminder, that he might count himself to have being along with us, he who was completely above being” (Mystical Theology: The Glosses by Thomas Gallus and the Commentary of Robert Grosseteste
By the way - the HUGE flowers above (the bloom is 18" in diameter and you can see how tall they are when you compare with the stool to the left) were made by my kindergartners! We spent one class making painted paper; another class painting paper bowl centers, and cardboard tube stems, and paper for leaves; and in today's class we traced the bowl and a petal template (yes, a template again) and cut the flowers out. Final step was to bring the parts to a hot glue station for me to ZAP it together! POOF! They are as almost as big as the kids!
Hinges: $7
Because …
Please visit the other Crafty Gals on the right side of my blog for more creations celebrating those who love us!!!
Do you comment to comments via email ever? If so, help me try to talk everyone into enabling their email in the comments. Then I don't have to speak for you when it comes to the whole non-nefarious uses thing. :)
1. If you want, you can swirl the chocolate-peanut butter mixture into the batter. Or, leave it as written and you'll have a nice ribbon of it running straight through the middle.
From another angle, I've felt "turned inside out" lately in the sense of feeling exposed and raw. Which, as unpleasant as that can be, I've come to respect as a useful experience in increasing awareness and true groundedness. Because it forces me out of the stories in my head and into the moment; it makes me look to reality for a solid place to stand rather than to my beliefs.
Cold & Cuddly w most G but St $8.00
That is, until the week before you were born. One Sunday night, August 13th 2006, we thought you were on your way because your Mum started having contractions. My Mum and Dad had come over for your birth so we all rushed off to the hospital. A few hours later, you weren’t with us yet so Mum and Dad went home with your big brother and I stayed with your Mum. It was about one in the morning before the doctors finally agreed you’d changed your mind and sent us home.
So...tell me....feeling better about your day?
Obvious chocolate smell. This is not the chocolate you get from roasting the barley a certain way, like Brooklyn's Black Chocolate Stout (which is also a very good beer). It tastes like sweeter chocolate, and has an obvious cocoa taste. It's not over the top though, like Young's Double Chocolate Stout (which is not a good beer), and strikes a good balance between the desire for a chocolate taste but still having some semblance of beer flavor to it. Young's is like drinking a chocolate cake. Brooklyn's is like drinking beer with deep, unsweetened, dark chocolate. This is more like beer with a sweeter chocolate, but still beer. No discernible hops flavor, but the bitterness comes out a bit in the aftertaste. Great, smooth feel to it, because the cocoa gives the feel of lactose, without that cold lactose taste.
My Islam is Elijah being carried away by a fire-chariot
Recently, I was playing with the eclips and our new ecal software. I needed something for the wall in my office. I used vinyl and created this design from one of my stamp designs....
Here's to truth in advertising. El Toro uses Columbus, Centennial, Cascade and Amarillo hops to give this the classic citrus, slightly floral West Coast IPA style. The slight sweetness in what little malt there is works well here.
Chop and rinse strawberries and put them in a bowl with sugar--set them aside.
18. I got all my paper work in to the District Attorney’s office in response to The Evil Ex’s request to review the child support order. I feel better now.
More than fifteen years ago, I decided to try journal-writing, using instructions that included listing five positive daily events. Previous to that, I would end my day with a rant about all the unjust unpleasantries I had experienced. Now, I spent the day on the lookout for something to add to my positive list. I would continually remind myself of the items I had already noticed and my evening routine was filled with warm recollections of my day.
I have also (thanks to seeing Marissa Page to it to one of her layouts) matt my coloured photos with black paper as it really helps to make them stand out.
Missed Periods and Other Grammar Scares. This is who you WISH you had as your English instructor. She is hilarious! Under her tutelage, grammar is no longer scary. It is fun. I see the doubt in your eye, but seriously. You want a laugh? Go visit.
All in all another very solid weekend. Things should get VERY hot shortly as the indoor season will be winding down in the next few weeks. Collegiate conference meets, NCAA championships, various National Championships and then European Indoor Champs will all be here and done within the next few weeks. Things should get very exciting!
Before his next speech, perhaps Cunliffe would do well to reflect on the words Churchill once dedicated to a waffly Labour politician of his own time: “We know that he has, more than any other man, the gift of compressing the largest number of words into the smallest amount of thought.”
Stratfor has acknowledged that last December its internal communications system was hacked and the group “Anonymous” has taken credit for the sabotage . WikiLeaks started to publish Stratfor’s stolen Emails last month. Startfor will neither confirm nor deny whether the communiqués attributed to its staff are real or fabrications.
So this is how I reach that shoe haven,
FIRE AND DARK
They know ALCHEMY! (what the fuck?)
Officially There is NO Sonia Gandhi. Her real name in passport is neither Gandhi nor Sonia. Its Edvige Antonia Albina Maino. Sonia is a Russian name and not italian.
musea, castlesand a lot of exhibitions related to his business.
Despite the medical bill (and ultimately the chemical bill when I realized that I couldn't conquer each and every poison ivy root by hand or shovel), I whipped the area around that little pond right into shape. I'm looking forward to next year when I can really make it pretty!
Here are a couple of my pens. The duck one used to have green sparkly hair but he moulted. The red one is a perfect solution to anyone who ever fancied writing with a quill - a ballpoint with a feather! I love pens like this because they are easy to find in my handbag. They make people smile. They do not get lost and no-one ever walks away with them.
from the sun’s harmful rays. Those undergoing treatment for
It's a well-researched book with plenty to offer tea enthusiasts from several angles, from history to travelogue. "By the time the Chinese realized that Fortune had stolen an inestimable treasure from them," she concludes, "it was many years too late to remediate their loss. His theft helped spread tea to a wider world at lower prices. He democratized a luxury, and the world has been enjoying it ever since."
but maybe click to enlarge and copy into word.
A friend who helped out at our jumble sale was looking at a top, but rejected it on the basis that it "wasn't her colour". She is "Autumn" (yes, she'd "had her colours done") and now doesn't stray from that template.
We want connectivity. We are enclosed with 15 feet high barbed wire from all sides to prevent connecting, yet we are for connectivity.
But you read it here and now you can read it here. And you thought the Tories would be any different on immigration? The "rules" are set by international convention, endorsed en bloc by EU member states. Therefore, when they arrive, their treatment will be no different from the regime established under the previous administration.
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Subtil D, Kaminski M. Is preterm delivery still related to physical working conditions in pregnancy? J Epidemiol Community Health 1991; 45: 29-34.
Beautiful illustration art by Victor Brindatch
and Whisper White Cardstock and Ink - Stampin Up
Amid the action-packed fight scenes with werewolves and ghuls, there is an underlying theme of sadness and loss running throughout the book, fittingly played out against a cold and icy backdrop of snowy England and Russia. There are swordfights, gun battles and hints of romance but also questions being asked. As discussed in Sarwat's interview, he combines Russion folklore and myth into a story of morality, just how far should one go with duty and sacrifice? As Sarwat said - 'horror isn’t just monsters, but the choices the characters must make.'
In my opinion, this ability to improvise in difficult situations is one of the best parts of being in your twenties. At this age, we have few major responsibilities and the flexibility to change careers, friends and relationships without dire consequences. It’s easy to make something out of nothing, or to turn an annoyance into an opportunity.
This is where it gets messy: Take a fork and pull out the individual cloves. You might even have to squeeze out the rest of the delicious paste… wouldn’t wanna waste any of that good stuff.
So all in all things are going great. I feel good. Just enough sleepyness and nauseau to know that the little lima bean is in there, but not enough to disrupt my life in any major way. I am still dealing with weird uterine tenderness, but that's not anything major. I am learning to adjust my sleeping positions early that's all.
Thanks for reading and enjoy the movies. Feel free to comment.
Actually, I think most of us kids spent a lot of our younger years terrified of her. But she did make cookies.
With cowdung in the grass the angry frogs
“Hyung?”
Make your own Washi Tape.... GET OUT OF TOWN! What a great idea. Definitely filing this one away to do again later. I made the tape with tissue paper, I did not have ANY tissue paper so I ran sacked my house looking for some. Then I remembered that I just got "Year in Flowers Collection"... so I ran downstairs and looked in the recycling bin for it. Whoo hoo! It was there. You should have seen me taking out all the garbage looking for some tissue paper.
It wasn’t until recently when I was looking over my diary that I realised the ball landed on the same weekend as Money Mastery. I decided I would have to make a compromise to accommodate both of my commitments. Obviously I would like to attend the whole weekend seminar, but I also want to share a wonderful evening with some of my closest friends. After much thought about logistics, I decided I will stay at Money Mastery until the afternoon break, when I will leave to join my friends for the tail end of the ‘primping’ party to get ready. Then, all of us will make way to the Perth esplanade all dolled up for photos before our grand entrance at the ball.
“Yes Rollin, that one thing you desire most and above all others will be the symbol of our gratitude for your service even though it be already due to us. I shall tell you what must be done, you shall do it and then the reward will be yours” Leranhin replied.
She often attended the Yearly Meeting of Progressive Friends at Longwood, Kennett Square, Pa., a group which combined radical abolitionism with ultraliberal religious ideas, though she never formally joined them, being unwilling to promote another schism in the Society of Friends. But when a group of religious liberals met in Boston on May 30, 1867, to form the Free Religious Association, she was on the platform with Robert Dale Owen, Rabbi Isaac M. Wise, & Ralph Waldo Emerson to address its first session.
I love Halloween. It encompasses a super fun transition from the warmer to the cooler days. Some might just say, "I love Fall." But, my love for the season ends when it's too cold to go outside without a jacket and all the leaves are off the tree. I do not love the Thanksgiving season. Granted, there are 4 seasons, but the holidays around this time categorize a season more than the season itself. I love the Christmas season, too. I do not love the bitter cold days of January and February. And the Valentine season just doesn't really exist. Tax season, now there's a season to look forward to!
It would be a joy to follow this case closely for its entire duration but alas, NAMA’s interest in the case is quite limited. NAMA just wants a declaration that it operated properly last year when it sold the Maybourne loans for €800m. What NAMA wants to avoid is a judgment which finds the transfer of the loans was improper, find the transaction reversed and possibly face damages. However listening to the opening arguments today, it seems that there are two issues which may deserve further attention and possibly involvement on NAMA’s part (1) might NAMA have been able to sell the loans for more than €800m and (2) did the company to whom the loans were advanced act in such a way as to compromise NAMA’s rights as a creditor. NAMA has previously said that it sold the loans for €800m and that was the maximum it could achieve. That is patent rubbish. The loans, if enforced, would allow NAMA to take control of shares in the Maybourne group, which may have been worth considerably more than €800m. In my view NAMA has a case to answer here to justify the sale price and to demonstrate it has maximised returns for the taxpayer. NAMA might also not be happy to learn of the way in which Maybourne apparently sought to deter other interest in the hotels in favour of the Barclays.
Two thousand miles away from St. Louis and 25 years later we're still going at it. And just like the old days, he beats me by over 30 seconds. That used to piss me off. Now it doesn't matter.
let’s keep some balance here and give credit to the other side as well. Presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney has a lot to be proud. His one significant accomplishment as governor - the health care law that he shepherded into place in Massachusetts - after which President
Slideshow of NYC Photos
Yes...but they're still buying a lot of crafts. Craft sales continue to grow. How come? I think it's because more and more people are buying crafts, not the same people buying more units of craft. I said years ago that the biggest hurdle to growth that craft beer faced was one of availability: the consumer can't try it, buy it, if it isn't there on the shelf or the menu. Once it was available, I said, you'd see people grabbing it.
I can’t see what the problem is. Boys in her classroom will now pay her more attention, which is precisely what they should be doing. Perhaps the school is worried that some of these boys, in the privacy of their bedrooms, will use the photos as an aid to self-abuse. To address this particular concern, I will pass on some intelligence from my friend Smacker Ramrod, the circus vet. He once told me that the onanism he practiced as a boy fell into two distinct categories:
Once all your chicken is picked through and back in the stock turn the heat back on. Add your mixed vegetables ( I use about 2 pounds of vegetables but we have a HUGE stockpot and A LOT of hungry mouths to feed!). then I add the rice. I wish I could give you more accurate measurements but I really never measure. I dump in about six large handfuls of rice, but it depends on how big your stockpot is. With a little practice you will figure out the best proportions for your family.
I have to say...those are some pretty fantastic prizes! And considering it is a blog hop, I am sure you know the drill. But just in case...I will give a little reminder! In order to be a winner of any one of these amazing prizes, you have to leave comments on each of the designer's blogs! It is unknown where the winning comments will come from, so be sure to comment on them all! There is sure to be some amazing inspiration along the way as well...so grab a mug of coffee, a sweet cup of tea, or whatever you fancy...and take a little inspiration ride! Tee hee! Here is the blog hop list:
Erigeron hangs with green Santolina.
happened in the Garden of Eden. How cool that Heavenly Father is sharing with us his secret signs and tokens so that we’ll be able to pass the angels standing guard to the highest kingdom of glory. How cool that someday I’ll get to shake the hand of God.
We would like to thank Kiawah Island Motoring Retreat for a wonderful event this past weekend! From the classic cars to the fun crowds, we had a grand time overall as a sponsor for this notable event. The setting could not have been painted better in a picture for some of our own classics!
1 small shallot or 2 tbsp finely chopped onion
This novel my book club needs to read right now—who cares about publication. I started HOTEL ON THE CORNER OF BITTER AND SWEET at 9 p.m. on a Monday night. I thought I would give it a quick look because I knew the author already had an agent offer on the table. I figured I would know within the first 50 pages whether it was right for me. Well, after 10 pages, I realized that I had to tell myself to breathe. There were sections that literally had my heart racing and I needed to skip to end of the chapter just to discover what happens. Then I would go back and read what I had missed, my heart still pounding.
I’m no longer reading Sunday’s e-mail (see What Are We Doing?) in an optimistic light. My wife’s behavior since then hasn’t made sense to me. Her texts are accusatory, seem angry, and have totally ignored our e-mail exchange. Her conversation with her mom suggests she is looking for a way to make me out as a bad guy.
That’s sums it up.
Do you like your bathroom? I can't say that I like mine. The upstairs bath, yes. The downstairs bath, no. Not. At. All. It functions....I guess....but has lots of issues. And, well, frankly, I've reached my limit.
I'm hoping to get back into the habit of writing posts to this blog again soon. While my thoughts are full of Elliott, brain tumors, surgery, etc, we are still doing fun things that I want to share and don't want to forget. This blog is the best way to do both. While I have no intention to getting back into the routine of writing daily posts, I am hoping to write at least 2 or 3 posts a week (that are not related to surgery, brain tumors, etc.). Thank you again for all of the wonderfully supportive comments and emails!
Jamie Guiney is a literary fiction writer from County Armagh, Northern Ireland. His short stories have been published in literary journals, newspapers and digitally on iPhones and iPads. In 2011, his short story 'A Quarter Yellow Sun' was nominated for 'The Pushcart Prize.'
will also be announced.
If you’re a writer, there are no such things as bad memories, only experiences to be retro-fitted for the sake of a story.
be used in his trial. Okah is facing trial at South Gauteng
Treats from the boulangerie
Ummmmm, need I say more? We did a lot of driving back and forth to meet Ava and, yeah, awesome.
The prime minister said the BN would rectify the mistakes and make up by serving the people as best as it can.
That is why I am so pleased to be part of the strong and unambiguous stand taken by the JCHR in publishing its report. We listened to a whole range of expert witnesses and took into account extensive research and consultation, looked at the context of the UN convention on the rights of persons with disabilities (UNCRPD), which was ratified by the UK in 2009.
When you wrote that post, about feeling completely overwhelmed and being empty I had to stop reading right in the middle because I was too tired to finish it. As a high school english teacher, I appreciate that irony. I am glad I did because the state of my heart would have caused me to throw up all over my computer when I got to the part about that being the way that God can use you, empty like that. I read it the next day and was inspired as usual.
Any other violator of these Measures shall be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
Congrats!
"PISS OFF MATE!"
God willing, William and Catherine will get the historic liturgy of the Church of England as the form of words in which publicly to express their understanding of the God-given institution of heterosexual marriage which they have chosen to enter.
When the cake was finally done, I was seriously giddy. It was my dream birthday cake. A ton of Hello Kitty, her cute little bow on top, and served on top of my brand new Rosanna rococo noir cake stand! Wheeeee!
Within Shambhala other Shambhalas of the micro-congregation taking shape
12 behind
So….book packaging – creative collaboration or artistic cop-out? Your thoughts, please!
Wondering around Galway's shops whilst living at the lodge, I found a shop with lots of patterned cardboard boxes and well, I just couldn't resist.
It also shows that (while not a “generational buy”) imagine what all the momentum chasers globally would do if the yen fell back (say, towards 100 to the US$?) and allowed the P/E ratios to look more attractive and earnings to actually percolate throughout the economy. Think the current US indices rally is strange? Imagine that times five…
Sometimes people ask me what we do all day - how does educating our children ourselves affect our days. It's an odd question; we don't compartmentalise our lives into segments, we just live, together, in everything that we do, as a family. Our days together includes lots of ...
Alexandre’s face cleared of all expression. “Forgive me, my lady. I did not realize you did not know of my preferences. I will not trouble you further.” He rose as if to leave.
Time had ceased to be comprehensible to William. Only the lyrics kept him company.
Teacher Fired For Premarital Sex At Texas Christian School “On a Clear Day You Can See Forever!” It’s Not Too Late to Celebrate the Upcoming Earth Day! ROMNEY: Have you bet $10,000 lately? TODAY IS THE DAY YOU ANSWER TO THE IRS! RID THE CONGRESS OF INCUMBENT REPUBLICAN SENATORS…THEY ARE NOT FAIR! Chuckles Before My Bedtime…Wars Break Out All Over America! “Mitt Romney’s Caution On Department Of Education Owed To ’94 Campaign Ad” Today I get Tom Cruise’s lastest: Mission Impossible: “Ghost Protocol”
We'd talked about me having ticked off everything I could possibly need to do as a girl and certainly I managed to do quite a few things. I'm sure that in time I'll do everything.
We snapped a quick photo and then (as soon as we could extract ourselves) tried to run outside to Jay Street. Police prevented us from going out the Jay Street door, however -- we had return to the building and go out another exit.
All the mostest and the leaster
Me: "Lilah, if it fits in the bag, you can have it!"
The glamour of IIT’s and IIM’s is prevelant in the text which also leads to the exposition of the education system and the prejudices and views of people towards education and their centres.
I'm still trying to decide how I feel about this scenario. While it breaks my heart that there are families that will lose their children, I'm also aware that these are families that will have been given ample opportunity to complete steps to get their children back home with them. The real upset will be with the children.
For dessert, she served strawberry pie, apple pie, brownies, and pudding.
Begin the beguine
of each of the eight girls, taking a close-up look
Because the traditional folks have owned the branding side of the business for so long, clients are accustomed to going to those partners first to get the big idea. But sadly, this shouldn't always be the case anymore. Great creative minds have transitioned from the traditional to digital side and have the same grasp and understanding of branding and campaigns as their analog counterparts. The computer programmers and analysts began to be more balanced by the creative types moving into the digital space. And with them, they brought their background of branding and way of thinking.
Now, many of you may know that Elisabeth Bell is my favourite artist, I have many of her stamps from the very early days when she was discovered by Sugar Nellie to more recently with Belles and Whistles!
Of course, the very newest member of my household is my faux cowhide rug. But first I have to start with the coffee table. See, I've wanted a gold & glass coffee table for a while because the wood one was just too heavy and visually bulky. I searched all over the place at all sorts of price points for a version that also had a shelf underneath and couldn't find one anywhere. I had seen Bossy Color paint one from Ikea gold and it was quite pretty in her living room, but it was the same size as my wood one and I wanted smaller. Plus I was iffy about the floral pattern on the shelf. Would that be goofy in real life? More searching and the best I could come up with was a $1k version that was mirrored, not glass. So I caved. Bought the Ikea one and painted it gold. And I love it. I don't notice how big it is anymore and I use the shelf constantly so I don't have papers piled up on top, which means I can actually put decorative objects up there like my glass platter or some flowers. Or both!
As you read the opening monologue, plot synopsis, and epilogue, think about Lost and the season six premiere. As usual, I will explain the tie in below.
These were the latest blows delivered to the Blue Dogs, whose membership ranks have been decimated the last two years by a perfect political storm that has driven the House Democratic caucus farther to the left than at any time in the last decade.
'Why does it all come down to the chase?'
-dismissal of 200,000 public employees in the next 2 years
what is that phase?
The answer, of course, is proper marketing and advertising. Now, I know what you're thinking, and yes, it's going to take quite a lot of work. I remember that nasty hostage crisis, and how on earth can they recover from that whole Ayatollah Khomeini funeral procession thing? When the people of your country pull apart your deceased former leader like a bunch of chavs going after a bucket of chicken from KFC, and the video is seen 'round the world; well, let's just say that people are going to remember that.
Please join us that week. If you’re a nonbeliever, contact me to contribute at nikolehahn@thehahnhuntinglodge.com. This is your opportunity to share your views. Feel free to ask questions.
Responding to Mr Laws' resignation letter, Mr Cameron said he was an "honourable man", adding: "I hope that, in time, you will be able to serve again."
After that experience, nobody — not me, not J., not any of the doctors — thought that nursing P. would be a particularly good idea. It wasn’t a strictly easy decision, but neither was it a difficult one, because I still had the fresh memories of what a different mother I was before breastfeeding and after. We happily formula-fed both boys, then moved on to the next phase of feeding our children. You know, the phase otherwise known as THE REST OF THEIR LIVES. The phase when suddenly nobody cares anymore if you nursed or you didn’t, and unless they ask, they can’t tell anyway.
$1,440 for a family of four*, staying in a standard room at a select Disney Value Resort. That’s like paying $60 per person, per day!
Now I would be the last to suggest that the reason for the so-called He-covery is the fact that, all things being equal, empl0yers prefer men over women and hire accordingly. Nor would any boss cop to that. But it makes you think, right? And the irony is that, at 77 cents on the dollar, women are good for the bottom line.
However, in poker greed as the main element of the game is out. This profit, while having fun – so arranged game. Jack Strauss, the champion of poker 1982, once said that he obuet his own grandmother if she would sit with him at the table. The same for 150 years before him said Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoi, nicknamed “American”, adding that he may in his quest to win the partypoker rakeback “carried away by habit tinker with his hands error of Fortune.”
Rep. Abraham Mitra, chairman of the House committee on agriculture in the Malaya report said that if each Filipino eats about 118.7 kilos of rice annually, the wasted rice would have met the rice needs of 12.586 million Filipinos for a year.
but i think i like it! at least i wore it out in public a few times so i guess it’s too late now…
Hummingbird Hummmm (Lunge forward, step back)
My father, born in 1937, often joined his father to visit a woman he remembered as a "nice old lady." He didn't know until after his father's death that she was a relative. He didn't know his father had been rejected by his family because he married a Catholic. He didn't know his dad had bought a house for his parents and his aunt...and that aunt was the nice old lady who used to make pies in honor of their visit. He didn't know his father's brother. He didn't know he was a hybrid; a Catholic/Jew raised as a Catholic.
Exasperated I entered 2-7-6-0-7…and waited. But nothing happened. I watched the tiny screen, my lifeline to my future.
The accessories:
“Ayaw magpatalo!” Mabel heard me, “Kailangan talaga Czech Republic na s’ya!”
2010.07.29 Iraq Adhamiya 16 14 al-Qaeda terrorists stage a brutal attack on a neighborhood, killing sixteen people and burning their bodies.
jump higher and we go
The game lasted about an hour. I caught him cheating once or twice but, for the most part, he was pure joy. Watching him sort out the paper money to make the appropriate payments was adorable. By the time we stopped, the kid already owned a hotel. Not bad for a Kindergartner.
We all have two choices;We can make a living or we can design a life. - Jim Rohn
Massachusetts (USA) – The Rt Revd M Thomas Shaw ; Suffragan Bishops – The Rt Revd Gayle E Harris ; The Rt Revd Bud Cederholm
God Bless! Denise
I like to think one of the things my cycling does for me is increase my perceptiveness. I just tend to notice things more when I’m pedaling away. I guess I have to for the sake of my bones NOT getting broken or other painful happenings in that category.
Issue #3 had its second printing released today.
My best friend, but sometimes, well,
At Tallinn Music Week yesterday I heard the speech of the Estonian president Toomas Hendrik Ilves. His speak was about freedom. Music is also about freedom, and about freedom of speech. In a free country you don’t have to take much risks to speak out freely. He mentioned PJ Harvey in a TV interview with the English prime minister Cameron, expressing freely her opinion in word and music about the policy of the English government. The risk she takes here, is that her fans don’t agree.
we are back and radder than ever! and there’s loads of exciting things happening at the mo. we’ve completed our first ep (thanks to hammer for recording genius!), which you can get for 10 smackaroos postage paid anywhere in australia. send us an email at: barearmsmusic (at) gmail (dot) com and we’ll hook you up.
Don’t get caught in the man-made rules we so often turn to. To the pure, all things are pure. To the ones who love to add to the Gospel, even if they profess to know God, they are unfit for any good work! (v. 16).
A. Vacuum cleaner
Why had the vigorous local Khayelitsha media never reported on so newsworthy a matter?
Yes, this is all very creepy and very wrong and while we at the PPCC understand the motivation behind these scenes, we can't help but wonder how the director ever thought this would be seen as innocent and not, well, child molest-y?
The Long and Fairly Specific Process
Initially, I’d say just a minute and get my father. But it got to the point where I’d say to my father, Dat Joe is on the phone. He’d just sort of laugh and say, “Could speak better of your relatives.”
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Edges should be slightly brown. Remove from sheets to cool on wire racks.
Legislation being announced today will require all newborn puppies to be microchipped. This will be extended to compel all dog owners to microchip their pets. The rationale for this is that there are a few dangerous dogs, and that if all dogs are microchipped, the dogs can be destroyed and the owners fined. The cost of the microchips will be the responsibility of the dog owners, and of course the chips will be subject to taxation. Kerching! In order to stop a handful of dog owners allowing their dogs to attack people and animals, every single dog in England and Wales must be microchipped. This will earn the exchequer a very tidy sum of money, and in the democratic UK, there will be no choice but to pay for the chips and obey the diktat of Westminster.
I think it's probably a sign of a good marriage if your little children want to get married. (Of coarse, my boys want to live with me forever, what does that say about my marriage?)
“Master of Your Domain”
With Kenpo, my body and brain are both engaged. I'm learning something fun and useful and it's a great workout. (I have to admit the push-ups and crunches we usually do in our warm up still totally kick my ass. I mean, push-ups! Before I started this class, I hadn't done push-ups in 15 years! Who does push-ups?! Oh, right, me now.)
Publicity is important to any endeavor that seeks to make a profit. Regardless of the reason for that profit, whether it’s to sustain a creative endeavor, earn an income, bring attention to a cause, share a thing of interest, or something else entirely. But getting publicity is notoriously difficult. There’s a lot of competition for people’s attention out there, and in the past, only certain channels have had the power of broadcasting your endeavor to the masses.
Prudent it was, too, as it kept her blood
H.G. Wells: The first man to raise a fist is the man who's run out of ideas.
"My Hollywood cake was the most talked about item at the party. Truly, truly amazing! You have Ace of Cakes beat anytime. Thank you" - Linda
By Kunur Patel, Rupal Parekh
If nothing is done—and I mean immediately, not just for FY 2013—we will lose pediatricians very quickly. No matter how much we love our patients, we will not be able to run offices without rent money, staffing or supplies. Rural areas will go first. Pediatric residents graduating in June will decide to take jobs elsewhere. When they leave, they won’t come back. We will lose the pediatric specialists who can’t pay staff and rent without Medicaid funding. We will lose our Children’s Hospitals. There won’t be special hospitals left for children of privately insured parents. There will be nothing. It will be like a bad movie called “Alabama: No State for Children.”
Oops. I little bit complicated instruction, but this is really quite simple. But please, feel free to ask, I try to explain, if there is something you don't understand (and believe me, I don't blame you ;)
I tried to play
Being tough on crack is tough on the state budget because keeping so many in jail costs lots of greenies.
1. Me and my ex have come to the conclusion that we are not to cross boundaries unless we are both single and will remain friends and talk in a friendly non-sexual manner while in a relationship.
Social media marketing still takes a lot of time: The majority of marketers (59%) are using social media for 6 hours or more each week, and a third (33%) invest 11 or more hours weekly.
Here they are standing next to our friend Emilio’s car. Notice you can barely see our youngest as he leans against the car. I have no idea how many times we had to tell him, “No! Don’t touch the car!”
I always think I know easily but then I analyse it more closely and find that nine times out of ten my ideal world is actually not what I really want.
But after looking at it, I decided that I didn't like the drawers in that spot, so I took them all out again and started over. I put two stacks of three drawers side by side on the floor of the closet once I realized that doing so wouldn't hinder the hanging stuff at all. That left a small square-ish area in the back left corner. I took a chance and tried the stack of two drawers that came from our bedroom to see if they would fit and they did.
After all, I had taken away her youngest son.
and just as able to bear her load of living freight to the place of destination.
Chris was not happy. He knew that whatever was happening was not right, not good. It had to be wrong. There could be no good reason for the girl to take such a way home and be followed into the house that way. It couldn’t be right, but he didn’t know what to do about it. The wait was eating him. He was sure she needed help. He was sure he could help. He was sure he should go in the house. He was sure he would regret doing nothing. He was also sure that if Ann really needed help, she would find a way to let him know.
" I am the only one who can change my bad attitude--blaming it on someone or something else doesn't help--choosing to be happy in spite of my circumstances DOES!"
But yeah, I hope he learned a lesson today. To not just walk into people’s living areas without permission.
The Colour Palette Today:
Each little snail here
Remember that, people. And thanks to k for teaching me this.
- Now heat oil in a pan , add mustard seeds and when they strt spluttering add urad dal, chana dal, ground nuts, cashews ,red chillis and when ground nuts and cashews turn light brown (make sure that they are not blackened) add some hing, salt, green chillis, ginger and saute for a minute.
I need to be out of this flux state; I’ve been wandering too long. The time will be soon, but right now I’m stuck and with good reasons, but still I am stuck.
Me (leaning in so only she can hear me): Mom, the rainbow symbol is for people who want to proudly tell others that they're gay. It's kinda cool.
=$4 oop, Earn $10rr
The book has some unhappy times, but that’s what makes a great book – when the reader can relate and then find comfort in the way God can work around the bad stuff. I’m not sure which character was my favorite. The author presented a great mix of personalities – I enjoyed reading about them all.
Just a word about using other people’s systems to organize – it should help and not burden you. If the system does not fit your lifestyle, it will just add stress.
Asking Price: $2,500,000
It became clear that our water was not coming back of its own accord. We called our landlord and he called our neighbours. Two local men arrived at our house and set to work trying to defrost our pipes. After a time they realised that the problem lay with the well up on the hill, where we get our spring water. It was frozen and so was the pipe that leads to the house. Lack of snow and temperatures of below -20 will do that.
The Obama Clone denied this decision was over Arpaio’s recent press conference accusing the original President of forging his birth certificate and selective service card, and using a social security number not his.
Situated on Jungli Maharaj Road, the entrance to the Caves is through a small garden with this magnificent banyan tree.
I think, this would never happen in any other sort of business.
I need too finish it with a sentiment, but as always I will leave that till the last minute.
I've been lucky so far. Over the past 15 years, I've had six or eight basal-cell carcinomas (very slow-growing, do not spread to other areas), one squamous-cell carcinoma (faster, deeper, can spread to internal organs) and dozens of pre-cancerous bits that my sharp-eyed dermatologist has deftly removed. In most cases, treatment has been little more than an annoyance.
I think this picture lies though, because the tile is not that gray. It actually has a lot of warm beige tones mixed in, but we'll see. I think it will look amazing either way.
Keepin’ my feet on the ground
In a small saucepan, combine the granulated sugar, corn syrup, and 1/2 cup water. Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds into the sugar. (Save the pod for another use.) Clip a candy thermometer to the side of the pan. Over medium-low heat, cook the mixture to 246 degrees F.
"And to our Lady's Immaculate Heart as well," Frankie interjected.
Earlier last week, Justice Secretary Leila De Lima told the media that the Bureau of Immigration has no record of Attorney Arroyo leaving for Hong Kong last Sunday. In fact, prior to the discovery of the Immigration Bureau’s spelling error, the DOJ announced six new witnesses to prove that Arroyo did not go through immigration.
If you cannot think of anything eloquent to say in the face of another’s grief, say something simple. Say, “I’m sorry.” Say, “I’m thinking about you.” Say, “My heart goes out to you.” Say, “I shed tears for you.” And there is always the standard, “My thoughts and prayers are with you.”
Solid, bitter punch to it. The body is a little lighter than I expected, but it's still fairly big. It's an IPA, after all, not a barleywine. A little twangy to go with the bitterness, and fairly sweet malt. The hops are somewhere between grassy and piney. Bitterness lasts, and gets less sweet quickly.
We had our friends Tap and Maggie over for dinner on Saturday and, as it turns out, they love games just like we do. I was glad to hear that they have hosted "game nights" at their house in the past-- even though it was mainly trifling things such as Yahtzee, Scrabble, and the like.
I had an eventful outing with my new mobility scooter yesterday, we decided it would be sensible to find out exactly how long the battery lasted, I had already used it for a couple of hours last weekend, so set off to Peterborough to do a bit of shopping, upgrade my phone and call into a certain craft shop to drop off some samples and have a coffee..............yes Sir Stampalot of course.
Or perhaps its only this time of year that these particular people come out of the woodwork.Gawd knows what they do the for rest of the year,most probably sit in front of the telly planning the intricacies of next years festive excursion.
It is a different age, I am not even sure if you can buy a cassette anymore, and kids don’t have to listen to the radio to discover a great band, just log onto to YouTube. But I embrace the Digital Age and YouTube, I have decided I am going to continue my love for the mixed tape via this means. So please do stay tuned!
Yes, I took some artistic liberties making assumptions about this story, but Max Lucado does it too and a lot of people buy his works. The Bible says nothing about a mom packing the little boy’s lunch. But I think that the Holy Spirit guided me down this train of thought to give me, and hopefully you too, some hope and encouragement in the imagining of it.
The happiest days of my life: The ones on which each of my 6 children were born, the day I married my husband. And then, today. Since childhood I've dreamed of land. Land of my own, in the countryside, on which my family's roots would be planted and grow deep.
5. Poinsetta Petal (Vernon) 4:02
I have come to the conclusion that I have the best dreams when I get 11+ hours of sleep. I’m on spring break this week, and man does it feel good to sleep in! Back to the subject of dreams—you know you’re a writer when you dream about your characters. I’ve gotten some really good ideas from dreams. For instance, I dreamed up an entire plotline about a princess and pirates and their adventures on the high seas, which I’ve since changed and incorporated into what I hope will one-day be a best-selling book series. Last night, I dreamed about one of my characters giving another character a serious talk about dating his sister. You think of the weirdest things when you dream. Dreams are very key to stories though. A character could either have some kind of revelation in a dream, have a vision that is a very serious plot twist, or be visited by some supernatural force. One of my characters (well, actually a few, but I’m mostly focusing on one) has visions from time to time that she can’t control. You can more or less count that as a dream. Her dilemma is whether or not to act on her visions, and as I’m sure we’ve all figured out by now, trying to change the future is usually what makes the event you’re trying to avoid happen. **coughcoughstarwarscoughcough**
~I like to use real ingredients that are as unprocessed as possible. That said, I don't like to reinvent the wheel, so wherever I can take short cuts without sacrificing quality, I do. These might be dried veggies or herbs, frozen chopped produce or pre-made (without nasties added) base ingredients. Wherever I use a specific brand, it's noted.
Just as people with epilepsy can live active and productive lives, so should they be able to live without the risk of a sudden unexpected death hanging over their heads. SUDEP is a hole that too many lives have fallen through; efforts by SUDEP Aware and others to patch that hole should be commended and supported by everyone affected by these tragedies.
Archimedes
Whee! Doesn't that look like fun? (Not for me; I watched. I'm simply too frail, you understand.
Meanwhile, across town, Doctor Taub wakes up in a hotel room next to a sexy 21-year-old blonde nurse. She speaks softly into Taub’s ear, “Good morning sleepy head.” Taub smiles up at her when the hotel room bursts open. A man with a gun comes toward both Taub and the blonde nurse. He is ranting something to the effect that he warned her what would happen if he ever caught her cheating on him again.
Malaysia: After religious police raided an event at a Methodist church over “fears that Muslims were being converted,” Muslim officials created a seminar called “Strengthening the faith, the dangers of liberalism and pluralism and the threat of Christianity towards Muslims.” After the title of the conference was criticized, a lawmaker said the reference to Christianity would be removed, but the seminar’s content would remain unchanged: “The seminar is part of the right of Muslims to defend the faith of its practitioners from any action which may lead to apostasy. It is our responsibility,” he said.
YOUNG ADULT FICTION
“The retired opera singer,” corrected the skipper. “Late last night she knocked on my door wearing nothing but a satin negligee. To say I was surprised would be putting it mildly.”
With the help of Rumble the Bison and The Oklahoma City Thunder, The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Area Command officially opened the 2010 Angel Tree this morning.
Why am I worth working with? Because I have many young, fresh, artistic ideas that will work with my projected cliental who are younger people between ages 15-30 but able to work with younger and older and up to any input from the customer. I can do any type of photography such as weddings, babies, seniors, landscapes/scenery, architecture, and anything else that you could think of.
I do like to be lazy and not shave for a bit myself (I had a beard, aged 25-50) but, really, if you are going to be in court charged with attempted rape and you know there will be TV cameras there, then do shave, wear a tie and try to look innocent, not like a rather down-at-heel caged wolf.
Can anyone tell me what The Cone is?
The concept's not mathematical, it's just the way I feel.....
Today was another crazy busy day! It included a trip to the hospital to drop off one of Connor's hearing aids for repairs, lunch with a couple of friends, yet another trip to the nursery and a whole lot of digging.
Necessary Delusions
Actual snow on the ground!
Gnocchi? Love. Macaroni and Cheese? Love. Pairing the two? AMAZING. Go to the store right now and buy these ingredients. Make this for dinner. You will not be sorry.
With Dave now a full-time college student (way to go, baby!) and essentially a stay-at-home dad/housekeeper, me working full-time, both of us coaching Thing 2′s junior baseball team two days a week and Thing 1 in baseball practice another two days a week, we’re stretched thin. Very thin. I posted on Facebook the other day (my first post in a couple of weeks), “I wish all the running around we do for kids (and ourselves) could count as exercise and burn calories, because I’m exhausted!”
Happy Mother’s Day from All of Us at CP.
LC: Demeter, Apollo and Hermes are the mid-rankers. Demeter lost her daughter—as a mother I have to sympathise with that, and as one who suffers with depression, I can understand that long slide into a cheerless winter. As a gardener and cook I also identify with her as goddess of plenty. I am subliminally grateful to her every time I pick a bean or a tomato—or currently my exquisite purple sprouting broccoli.
How to get great light on your subject?
…able to see the natural duality within life, and focusing on the positive aspect.
it was LB’s birthday on Saturday – and so of course it was a weekend long celebration!
Enter Today and Save the Date-3/15!
1/2 cup BULL'S-EYE Original Barbecue Sauce
Let me reap you of your wealth
oOo
My best friend Laurie arrived hungry like always and started to annoy me because she was hovering over my mom waiting for food. I was like “Laurie calm down!” My mom hates hoverers! lol So then she comes to me and grabs my stomach and says “are you three months pregnant?” I mean REALLY?! How rude is that! What kind of best friend does that? She knows about my body issues and still persistently puts my body down! So I replied, “well what are you 25 months prego?” She is by no means skinny. She is 5’10 and over 200 pounds. She wants me to help her lose weight but I’m not sure if I want to help her. Anyways so we’re eating dinner and she brings it up while my other friend is there too, Braunz. Braunz is my gay best friend. So then he tells me that Kyle and I should be using protection. Really?! What kind of dinner talk is this? Then he goes on to say that if I ever got pregnant that Kyle would leave me. WOW! This didn’t help that I was already mad at Kyle because he said he would be at my house by 3:30 for dinner but didn’t end up getting there till like seven. He later explained himself when I pulled him aside and apologized. But hold on I’m not done yet. So when Kyle gets there, Laurie ( supposed to be one of my best friend, I’ve known her for 15 years) decides she is gonna be all over him. At first I didn’t notice because I was helping my mom but then my mom and aunt pointed it out to me. I was like wow if I ever did that to her now ex-boyfriend (they just broke up, she cheated) what a surprise, she would have flipped her shi*. So I pulled her aside and talked to her about it. I’m just still in awe at the way she’s been acting lately. I don’t know how much longer I will be friends with her, she has changed and not in a good way.
Despite the Inspector General of Intelligence recommending that fraud charges relating to the purchase of private BMWs for him and his wife be reinstated, Mdluli’s suspension from the police was lifted last week and he is back on the job.
I found this book for $2 at a flea market. Love maps, and an idea started to form.
Leicester Kyle / from Koroneho / 62-67
3) THIS TOUR STARTS: Monday, September 19, at Midnight (Arizona Time)
Self-deception is the decision to impose that state upon yourself.
But anyway- my writing. Being noticed. Etc.
Add the shrimp 1/2 hour before you are ready to cook them & toss to coat evenly.
Actor, director, writer, star of the X-Files
Let's start from the beginning, in which J and I set off on our usual Saturday flea market saunter. Halfway around the market, I am sure it will be another day to write off like last week was: there was the usual Mignon (I believe it's been more than a year since we first photographed it), then the predictable Hermes parade, this time a Hermes 2000 and a Hermes Media 3. But I'll save those pictures for another round-up, because when we rounded a corner of the market, J spotted a Valentine on a table in the distance, and we were instantly plunged into typewriter paradise!
The one thing that baffles me is young African-American males and their shoe fetish, so to speak. They buy a lot of sneakers. It's not uncommon to see them leaving a store with several pairs of sneakers at a time. Many of them will sit on a bench in front of our store after purchasing new sneakers, remove what appears to be new sneakers from their feet, then proceed to debate which pair of new shoes they just purchased are worthy of wearing out of the mall. It's equally baffling and comical to me to watch this process. They seem to take this process very seriously though.
Leighanna Light Eclectic, odd, dark, a bit twisted. I hear people describe my work as whimsical a lot, but I don't see that.
Just after 1pm, Col and I drove to Glengormley, to have lunch in a place where we had our second date. A place called Thunderdome cafe.
Elvis Presley
Akers
This post started as my personal notes from the Grantmakers without Borders conference earlier this year where I was one of the speakers and had the privilege of getting to listen to and connect to great minds from the progressive funding movement. I’m choosing to post it in raw notes format because at this rate, I’ll never have the time to digest the notes into a more coherent form….
under the burning sky
She had a couple other check ups this month, including post-op, and she looks great to everyone. We have now been 1 month infection free and it is wonderful. We can just enjoy our baby now. We know that the road ahead is going to be bumpy but it is so worth it. Every time we see her smiling face we are reminded how precious life truly is and we are grateful everyday for both of our beautiful girls!!!
(Actually don't, I beg of you. Don't diagram any of my sentences, I actually need Grammar for Kids Who Went To Hippie Montessori School And Spent All Day Playing Let's Pretend So When They Got To Public School And Ronald McDonald Came It Was Too Late Because Everyone Already Knew About Adverbs And Multiplication Tables And Such.)
Chair, One Society Many Cultures
P.S. I almost forgot today is the fourth year anniversary of the first publication of my blog so I want to thank my friends for indirectly reminding me of the anniversary.
Straight Ahead, Tube and Berger
So what it comes down to is, it’s our problem. It’s our fault for anything untrue we see on television for we demand it. And if you want to see some change away from this untruth we have engulfed ourselves into, maybe next time we stop on a “reality” television show (such as Gene Simmons Family Jewels) we should lift our finger and change the channel. Or better yet, turn off the TV and find your own reality. It’s as simple as that. Click!
In this environment a natural consequence has been for political leaders, business people and social thinkers to work out went wrong. There has been a tendency – especially in the US and UK but shared also in many other nations – to ask whether economic strategists have placed too much faith in finance based businesses as economic drivers rather than ‘traditional’ companies based around making things.
"do everything you can to lovingly show her that she is safe, but that her choices are taking her down a destructive path, and you want to help her make the right moves."
How should a leader get on the same page as their team when asking doesn’t work?
VIDEO:Video suffers from the same dull, flat picture, but you’re granted a few more effects to play with.
The point? Spend your efforts and energy on the substance of your life. Focus on your faith, your character, your core. God will do the work of creating your stage, providing your realms for influence, and increasing them as He sees fit. Our faithfulness in the first venture will receive God’s selected best in the second.
FIRST REVISION
And yet, some critics wonder if depicting America as a racial nirvana today may have an unintended downside — that of airbrushing out of the public consciousness the economic and social chasms that still separate whites, blacks and Latinos.
"Nitwit Collections - whimsical designs for all of your digital scrapbooking,
