Place a crab stick in it and pinch the two ends to seal it.
I am just a total goner. This man is such an inspiration to anybody trying to do anything creative.
We absolutely adored this part of Madrid and I was lucky enough to get to run back by it during the race--although, my sister and I definetly made a trek back to it just to sit in the park and watch people--it's our favorite thing to do and let me tell ya, we made it a steady practice together!
Children at risk
"Maybe I can help you. What did you want to buy?"
We men – lie about the number of women we slept with.
beads in the heated embossing powder while it was still hot and fluid. Then
chilli powder to taste, if desired
As you page through the colorful, richly illustrated pages, you’ll find impact essays, poetry and anecdotes . . . behind-the-scenes stories by enterprising fans who have created products and services inspired by Adam . . . fans celebrating Adam’s career highlights and shining moments . . . the latest from charities and products that enjoy Adam’s support . . . favorite tweets . . . Adam trivia and lexicon . . . captivating photographs, photo composites and illustrations created by fans around the world . . . and much more.
Stained glass art can also be appreciated for how the artist may present the story in each glass “frame” to draw in the viewer. At times, the frame is just a reflective chapter of a larger stained glass artwork narrative.
She is so tall ~ greater than 97th percentile for height. She just turned three and often gets mistaken for a 4 year old. I mean, this little girl has been able to just swing her leg over the top of the crib and slide on down to get out for-ever.
When Lord Archer, for example, was at the height of his fame and political prominence, the media was afraid to write about him in a less than positive fashion. He was known to be litigious, and had won a huge award from the Daily Star for libel in 1987. Lord Archer was a prominent and powerful man whose reputation, despite being chipped away at round the edges by Michael Crick and by Private Eye, was still very high.
The basic premise of all three movies is that corporal punishment is used to discipline female inmates in prison. The first movie begins with a prisoner (Dominika) rejecting the sexual advances of a guard (Kelly, who appears in all three movies). Kelly retaliates by reporting to the Sergeant of the Guard that she has been attack by the prisoner. Of course, such acts are not to be tolerated so Dominika is brought to the guard house where she is bent over a table, bound by her wrists and her skirt is raised. Her punishment begins with a leather strap but this doesn't last long. Next, her legs are bound to the table legs and her punishment continues with the cane. The caning is 24 strokes, by my count, and it lasts over 5 minutes in the movie. It is shown from several camera angles but one is partially obstructed by a cement wall or post.
Surprise’s are fun sometimes, no? I was really happy that the fact that Naughty Dog has been working on The Last of Us for a good 18 months never got out there. I guess I can now say that when I intervewed there in spring 2010, the second team building was on it’s way I think. There’s so little surprises in the videogames industry as rumours are usually 99% of the time true. I think for many of us the first reaction was that man, this end of the world zombie stuff is played out and I feel that, but on the other hand, if Naughty Dog are going for real survival horror and building relationships between the key characters, that’s something that really hasn’t been done very well at all in the last few years.
We are kicking off the week with Sweet Potato Quinoa Burgers, The boys say they "hate" black beans, but I am hoping to sneak them in to start off the week with a score of Mom: 1 Boys: 0
- Colin Pattenden / bass
Join Play 98.7 and don’t be afraid to hop in the pool and listen to the show while floating around and watching the sunset. We will have great drink specials all night, more live music as the night goes on. Come hungry because Beachwood BBQ & Burger has some of the best BBQ in town!
The bugs will be back, without a doubt.
The last few weeks have been very fairly eventful and painful for me, but I'll refrain from writing about all the gory details – partly because I have enough integrity not to invade other people’s privacy and partly because I have a sense of shame and want to preserve some semblance of personal dignity.
These very winds forget their way,
Location: Lexington, KY
I expected to be sore this morning, but to my surprise I was not. Maybe I'll become a Zumba girl.
So she isolated herself from boys to become independent and learn how to love herself. About a year went by, and this new young defined now 17 year old young lady was set out into the unpredictable world.
Qual.: Any
I've owned Grimaldus and Retinue since I got back into the hobby (oh, going on mid-fourth edition now). Sadly, because he's a bit cumbersome compared to much cheaper units, he's been languishing in his box all these many years.
Oh and they should probably have their affairs in order
On June 16th 1968, Romney was involved in a serious car crash which occurred in Bernos-Beaulac, 75 kilometres to the south of Bordeaux. He was at the wheel of the car which was bringing Mormon French mission president Duane Anderson and others back from Pau, where a small Mormon congregation had been in dispute.
The kicker (HAHA I MAKE FUNNY PUN) is that he was about to leave for lunch but before he left he took Kaiser out back to use the restroom. While he was standing out there waiting the line exploded and took his grizzled old ass out. He handled it like a boss while he waited for the squad to arrive and I'm sure it didn't feel real good.
I’m curious to see what you think. Would you rather read a series or a standalone? Which Midnight Guardian series book is your favorite?
31 Then he said, God do so and more also to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day.
In my short life thus far I have come to understand that thanksgiving takes on its highest meaning following experiences like suffering, chaos, deprivation, poverty and loss.
When I peeled and cut up my peaches for freezing in the summer, I took all the peels, dumped them in a pot, covered with water and boiled for a while to extract all the peachy goodness. I got 8 cups of juice and stuck that in the freezer. When it thaw, the top of the containers were pretty clear, so I poured off the top and just used the dense peach juice on the bottom for my jelly.
We all had so much fun working on our very pink dress up inspiration shoot. It was (for me) the first time working with children in multiples, which could have ended up going in any direction really. It was all good, although there was a teeny petulant area when they got to the table and found out they would have to wait another three minutes before they were actually allowed to eat the pretty cakes :)
I find this to be interesting and i kinda feel that this is true. We forget a lot of fundamentals but they never really leave us. For example we can see how early memories are important to us from examining/analyzing brain damage individuals.
to seek another land.
and he showed it to me. I smiled, "small world," I whispered.
Till you have nothing left
I want to say the same thing
So, there we have it. I was sad that the sea horse and star fish and lighthouse cookie cutters had not arrived in time for this batch...but I'll be attempting those when I next get the hankerin' to bake and decorate sugar cookies. This seems to be the season...It starts with Christmas, segues into Valentine's Day (which I skipped this year in the cookie department) and then we have Spring Break and Easter. After that, I probably won't do any for a while. Maybe until 4th of July...and then, of course, I have a lot of humidity to deal with so...we'll see!
There are secondary causes. In a Newsnight discussion David Starkey, put the riots down to the corrupting influence of particular type of Black culture. (7) He was attacked on the programme even by the supposedly neutral presenter Emily Maitlis and later by another partial senior BBC figure, Robert Peston. Then a 100 academics wrote a letter attacking him to The Telegraph.
ADD THE FELT FLOWERS TO THE WREATH
This isn't to punish us. Everything in life is showing us our connection to every other thing - the wheels are set in motion for all of us. We can barricade that door and spend weeks, months, maybe even years holding at bay what we think is out there - but it is absolutely coming in anyway - or we can open that door now.
Choosing the right Network Marketing organisation is critical in building your financial success.
Q047) Were you talented with dancing ever since you were a kid?
Alli
With Breanna and Dawson so busy with extra curricular activities, they just couldn't seem to find the time to help decorate the tree this year, so it was up to Khloe and mama to get the job done! She is pretty much my little shadow and LOVES to help with almost anything!
With that in mind… Psalm 150:6 takes on a different meaning. We are everything to God! EVERYTHING.
On Sunday, the NCAA Selection Committee announced the field of 68 for this year’s Division 1 tournament. The bubble teams that made the tourney include BYU, USF and NC State.
Most people would not have greeted him with: "You're early".........
I force a way through, and I know the gate
The scientists want to fertilize the laboratory-grown egg cells with human sperm to prove that they are viable. Any resulting embryos will be studied for up to 14 days – the legal limit – to see if they are normal.
With a screenplay by Djordje Milicevic, Paul Zindel and Edward Bunker that was based on a script written by none other than Akira Kurosawa, Runaway Train aims to be the kind of mix of action-movie thrills, character study and philosophical discourse that Kurosawa often excelled at in his heyday. It thoroughly fulfills its first aim, with a handful of edge-of-your-seat stunts, action sequences and high-powered collisions to satisfy the popcorn crowd. As a character study, though, it's more problematic. Some of the dialogue is so ham-fisted in trying to explore its themes that it's almost a miracle that the actors manage to find imaginative ways to deliver it; on the other hand, some of that acting is just so mannered and hysterical—and alas, yes, that includes the performances of the two Oscar-nominated leads, Jon Voight and (especially) Eric Roberts—that the characters themselves never quite transcend their obvious places in the script's grand allegorical design.
September 17 Café Eleven – St. Augustine, FL
What really impresses me about fashion on the British high street is that it works really hard to be wantable. They rotate their stock every four to six weeks and can respond very quickly to new trends. Something like Mad Men: it’s on TV for a couple of months, it’s a very definitive fashion statement and the stores are always very reactive to that.
12 The Kids
The patterned paper is by Martha Stewart Crafts from a paper pad I purchased last Halloween. I used an identical paper as the background to cut the little characters out of, then attached them over with foam squares.
The three defendants were so well known to police that the 16-year-olds were picked out by witnesses out of a photo lineup.
Putting together side A and side B leads me to offer these guidelines:
Last night I finally headed to the grocery store, as I decided it was crucial to have more than mustard and sriracha hanging out in my fridge. I’ve been living off of my mother’s kind donations of pasta and turkey sandwich supplies the past couple of days, but I’m getting to the end of my rations here.
me and added, 'I asked last night before I went to
Bleach 482 (8:31 – 10:52)
I am well into triple figures now, and thought instead of continuing to purchase, I would take another look at the books I have. Which lasted all of three days until the new River Cottage Everyday Vege arrived....anyway, if you are thinking about another purchase, have a read, you may come accross something new. Or completly disagree with me! I have added three so far, and will continue to update until I run out of books.............which is unlikely
This is deeply on my heart after talking with someone who walked out on his wife and kids. “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her, to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word.”
When opened, Whit’s lady-parts must have been like parting the Red Sea, like Unicorns dancing in the clouds, like the best Philly Cheese-steak; well, you get the picture.
The Koetong Pub was built back in 1883 as a coach house and rest-stop along what is now the Snowy Valleys Way – a nice drive comprising a nice lazy arc that runs from Beechworth in North-East Victoria to Gundagai in New South Wales and manages to shoe-horn 45 pubs into a drive that might take no more than a few hours.
Please tell me you’ll be mine
For the image panel, I've chosen the "Bells and Boughs" stamp set from Stampin' Up. I love the vintage look of these stamps. The image was colored with Cherry Cobbler, Garden Green and Hansome Hunter inkpads using a Dove blender pen. A bit of Mustard color ink was used to outline the image and make it pop. The panel was distressed using Tea Dye and Old Paper distress ink from Tim Holtz. A bit of yellow stickles to highlight the flower centers and a few silver rhinestone embellishments and that's it.
“It took me a couple years. I was so busy with my work that I barely had time to think. Somewhere along the line I got it into my head that I was missing something. I couldn’t figure out what it was! I spent 10 hours a day solving other peoples’ problems and my biggest problem was that I couldn’t figure out what my problem was! It wasn’t until I heard that she had gotten pregnant that I realized it all!”
1. flashing a light near my hooha
Since yesterday was Thanksgiving, I thought I’d share recipes for the things I made that I’ve not posted before. We had a couple of repeats this year, including Apple Stuffing and Pecan Pie. But the rest of the meal was made on our Traeger. It was a little rainy, but my husband just pulled it under the eave a bit with just the smoke stack sticking out and it worked great.
Some quotes of particular relevance to the climate change issue that we need to consider when talking about the media would be:
Danesbury Hill is lovely to walk along. We saw four different types of butterflies : chalk blue, marbled white, red admiral and an orange one I have yet to identify. There were lots of flowers, including self-heal, clover, yellow vetches, forget-me-nots and some yellow ones which I didn’t know what they were. There were also two ponies grazing the land. I think I saw a medlar tree, but since it’s the first I’ve seen I need to check it in my identification books. Medlars are unique in that the fruits of the tree are only edible when they are rotten.
The Case of the Curious Bride (1935)
Direct taxation has been reduced for the super-rich, and there has been a rise in the general tax allowance. Isn't allowance an interesting word? Yes, the Establishment have decided that we are 'allowed' to keep a little more of our own money; brazenly stating that they have control over our money! This rise in the untaxed 'allowance' is immediately wiped out by a massive rise in the cost of petrol and diesel. In the topsy-turvy UK, there are no measures to discourage employers employing people not living locally, so commuting is a fact of life for most people. The increase in fuel 'duty' (again, an interesting word!) simply transfers the money not stolen by direct taxation, to theft by indirect taxation. Considering the cost of fuel, the result of the two measures is to rob the people of more of our money, whilst appearing to take less. To emphasise this theft, fuel duty increases this week, but the tax allowance does not rise for a full twelve months.
At one point, after her debate with Biden, the movie shows her watching late coverage, and landing on Pat Buchanan praising her for being “attractive” and “personable.” She can’t look away. It’s the first nice thing she’s heard about herself in months, and she takes it in with terrible hunger. She looks at Pat fucking Buchanan like a starving person looking at a plate full of cheeseburgers.
There are a couple of spots taken up by athletes that didn’t medal recently due to injury or other mishaps, but who otherwise are clearly in medal position. There are also a couple of spots where I did not place athletes based on age and I am waiting to see if they can bypass Father Time and continue at their recent levels.
Kapil Sibbal, Union Minister for HRD, said, “India is seeing rapid economic activity and growth. Developing India’s youth and their skills is going to play an important role in the country’s inclusive growth. The union budget also laid emphasis on skill development and so does the proposed 12th Five Year Plan with a National Policy on Skill development. The PPP model (public-private partnership) is most essential in running and managing training institutions to address the skill gap most efficiently. Microsoft’s commitment to empower students by deploying Microsoft Live@edu for 7.5 million users across the country with AICTE is commendable and a step towards an informed and developing India. I congratulate both AICTE and Microsoft on this significant milestone.”
The last few photos of the village and ice skating rink is the view from my hotel suite. I loved catching the different light from the village, the snow cats plowing at night and the ice skating rink. It was simply gorgeous and so peaceful each night!
I love the .22 Rifle.
According to The Bookseller today and of course, the Completely Novel website, Every Day I Lie A Little (what you are currently reading) made the short-list of author blogs. There are some really great blogs and twitter streams in the short list of 28, including Neil Gaiman, Fiona Robyn and Caroline Smailes. I'll be using the short and long-lists to discover new blogs to read.
Darklord aged in brandy barrels with vanilla beans
6. The Normalization of Surveillance. The fear of being surveilled makes a population easier to control. While the National Security Agency (NSA) has received publicity for monitoring American citizen’s email and phone conversations, and while employer surveillance has become increasingly common in the United States, young Americans have become increasingly acquiescent to corporatocracy surveillance because, beginning at a young age, surveillance is routine in their lives. Parents routinely check Web sites for their kid’s latest test grades and completed assignments, and just like employers, are monitoring their children’s computers and Facebook pages. Some parents use the GPS in their children’s cell phones to track their whereabouts, and other parents have video cameras in their homes. Increasingly, I talk with young people who lack the confidence that they can even pull off a party when their parents are out of town, and so how much confidence are they going to have about pulling off a democratic movement below the radar of authorities?
Caithness
I don’t even feel it when the knife comes crashing into my chest. Red colour blossoms on my white dress where the knife connects with my body and I topple forward onto Young Master.
Jared Priestley came on in the seventh to finish the game, striking out two and allowing just one hit. Brady Fuller earned the win for Roseburg to get his second victory as a pitcher. Priestley earned his first save of the season.
Birmingham Chief Constable Chris Sims announced at a press conference on 20th August: “ I have taken the decision... perhaps an unusual decision ... I want to to release into the public domain... footage showing people firing into lines of police officers...evidence of several gunmen, evidence of a level of planning. What we are looking at is a concerted attempt to kill or injure police officers... it is also a threat to the wider community.” (2)
SAMMS D, REED K, LEE T, BARILL S, BRANHAM D. Achieving a Corporate Goal for Influenza Vaccination Using Nurse Champions. Am J Infect Control 2004; 32: e7-e8.
I’m smiling ear to ear as I write this—this is chalkboard art! One of a kind, non permanent, chalkboard art.
“In the case of Teoh Beng Hock, it is undoubtedly clear that the adequate recourse and appropriate venue are provided by the law for cases of this nature,” he said.
All the parliaments that have ever sat
I found him at the bottom of the stairs all huddled and cold.
What the parties wanted to know was whether the exception for ephemeral recordings under copyright law also covered recordings made by legally independent external television production companies where those recordings were commissioned from them by DR or by TV2 Danmark for initial broadcast on DR or TV2 Danmark. According to DR and TV2 Danmark, it was irrelevant to copyright holders whether recordings for purposes of transmission were made by the staff of thea broadcasting organisation itself with its own equipment, or by an employee of a third company from which the broadcasting organisation commissioned the production, with that third company’s equipment. They also argued that there was no condition in Paragraph 31 of the Danish Law on Copyright to require broadcasting organisations to make recordings ‘by means of their own facilities’. Thus, under Danish law, it didn' tmatter, for the application of the exception concerning recordings for the purpose of transmission, whether those recordings were made by employees of the broadcasting organisation or by employees of third parties. NCB however argued that European Union law imposed a condition relating to production ‘by means of their own facilities’, this condition being applicable under the Danish Law on Copyright. The Østre Landsret (Eastern Regional Court) decided at this point that it was better to refer the following questions to the Court of Justice for a preliminary ruling than to become increasingly baffled by these arguments. Accordingly it asked::
Now to be fair, most of the press stories quoted above do make it clear that individual employers will still have a steep hill to climb in justifying forced retirement. You could pick fault here and there with the detail but there are lots of quotes from lawyers trying to explain the case in simple terms and emphasising that each case has to be judged on its own merits. Once you get past the headlines, I think the press have generally done a good job, all things considered.
At 180 pages long the book has enough space to cover quite a wide range of topics and it does so. Starting with a background to the team, moving on to the cars technology, to overviews of its design and operation. With its familiar graphical style and hardback format it certainly gives the feel of a proper workshop manual. However this is somewhat skin deep and the pages within, soon revert to a more typical book on F1, although some flashes of the Haynes style do remain.
love green and orange together, and this piece just
Paper: Whisper White, Crumb Cake, Rich Razzleberry CS
This key phrase will likely be repeated by the press. It suggests that the economy is no longer contracting; instead moving along a path of slow, consistent expansion.
Keep your eyes peeled for more information, but in the meantime, save
"Well, you see Robbie singin' away at the microphone? What you don't know is that Robbie can't sing a lick, so we had the mike turned off during that performance. He didn't get one note in." Levon cackled hard at this memory.
Back from Portland, and into the stream of consciousness that comes from sitting in an empty pub doing cleaning, maintenance and paperwork. A Subway sub and half pint of mild for lunch, a quick foray into the current blogroll (thanks again, Jeff - we need to open a proper real ale pub in Stumptucky), and some thoughts about spending some time in the city with the most breweries than any city in the world.
42. I Know This Much is True - Wally Lamb
I recognize the garter and the button hook, and I know that is a bolt but even Dad didn't know what it was for. And that brass thing winds so that the shaft with the point is hidden in the tube. I almost cut myself when I twisted the darn thing. Dad didn't know what that was for either, so I decided it was for self-defense since that thing is so sharp!
Renaud Lavillenie. Lavillenie increased his best from 18' 6" to 19' 8.25" - becoming a serious threat to the 20 foot barrier. He brings his considerable skills to New York where he will go up against Tim Mack who has an identical PR set back in 2004. Add 19' 2.50" vaulter Derek Miles to the mix and we should see some very high attempts in New York.
We are going to say that women have been baffled by men’s stupidity (no qualifier, no handful of guys, no out for real life heros and saints) since Biblical times? This is not going well at all.
However, in re-copying it, it had seemed to him to be more striking, more fantastic, to write:
101. Online. Find a topic about which you are interested in learning or you are already an expert and join in a discussion.
Yet, there were other early influences in my father’s life, ones that spoke of need and want. Born in 1918, he went through the Depression as a young man, and knew hunger and hardship first hand. While my mother regaled my sisters and I with stories of simple Christmases on her childhood farm in rural New York State, my father kept silent. Only later, when I was an adult, did he share the truth of having had little or nothing.
“Apparent facts discovered through logical inquiry that would lead a reasonably intelligent and prudent person to believe that an accused person has committed a crime, thereby warranting his or her prosecution, or that a Cause of Action has accrued, justifying a civil lawsuit.
Tina is my oldest daughter. Today is her birthday. She’s 27.
We use J&P Organics, they deliver in the Bay Area and Monterey cities.
As with most right wing thinking, austerity is born from a lack of thought. It is a simple fact that cutting services means fewer jobs and raising taxes means people are worse off. The more unemployed you have the greater the drain on the economy, as the Government has to pay benefits but receive no taxes. The unemployment benefit is so laughable that people on it can’t usually spend anything outside of the basics, and so the economy loses out on sales, and the government loses out on VAT. Next, because the media constantly tells us we are in recession again, those people with jobs save their money. When they don’t spend, the shops lose out and in the worst cases have to enter insolvency, thus throwing another group of people out into unemployment. Cut, paste, repeat.
Notes: If the above example is your actual circumstance, follow up your declaration by throwing peanuts into the air as a distraction. Then run.
After having her throat hemorrhage surgery in November, Adele was advised to take time off her singing career which she says it helped to regain a perspective on her career: “It was so fast-paced I could hardly ever remember the bulk of my day. I think I just needed to be silenced. And when you are silent, everyone around you is silent. So the noise in my life just stopped. It was like floating in the sea for the weeks. It was brilliant.”
The Museum of Vision, a public service program of the Foundation of the American Academy of Ophthalmology, will be showcasing a very special exhibit at the American Academy of Ophthalmology’s 2011 Annual Meeting in October in Orlando. The Museum’s “Picturing the Eye: Ophthalmic Photography and Film” exhibit will explore the extraordinary power of ophthalmic imaging through photography and film.
Bottom Line: HAUNTING VIOLET was there, and I read it. That pretty much sums up my feelings for it. However, looking at other reviews, it seems HAUNTING VIOLET is one of those books that's either meh or OMGAMAZING, with most people falling in the latter. So if you're an Alyxandra Harvey or ghostly mysteries fan, I recommend giving it a try. Not the right haunt for me, but maybe it will be for you.
Santorum: Mitt Romney pandered
Stir in salt and sugar
So I spent a lot of the time on the web seeing tons of amazing inspiration. I got most of my inspiration from Cat at Constant in Chaos. Her vintage play kitchen really spoke to me, specifically the farmhouse sink and the retro styling on the refrigerator. So after getting all the inspiration I needed, I designed my plans and set off to Grandma and Grandpa's house. Grandpa did most of the actual building (I really tried to help cause I wanted to use this as a teaching exercise for my woodworking skills, but he is not a very patient teacher and likes to just do it himself. I will just have to rely on the great tutorials on the web to figure things out!).
Endings. Again, like The House of the Devil - which I'm constantly comparing to as it's such an awesome movie - The Innkeepers somewhat challenges its audience. Did it really happen? I know of people who read the ending of The House of the Devil as a possible “dream state/imaginary” space as to say that the movie never really happened… strange yes, and I do not really agree with it either, but at the same time, I definitely feel that The Innkeepers does pose similar questions. Did it really happen or was it in the state of fear and confusion that brought it all on? The last shot lingers on for an eternity before presenting the answer. And I also find that last scene to be part of the intelligent narrative that West uses in The Innkeepers. It's not to unlike the viral video that was seen earlier. He builds to a climax with the exact same tricks that the viral video does. And this is a motif that I find runs vibrantly though the movie. Is it real or all just a trick? During the last half hour, I wouldn’t have been surprised to see a scene where Claire wakes up and it all had been a dream. Now this doesn’t happen obviously, but in some strange way there’s a feeling that it could have happened in the last act.
Every era had its styles and often times they were copied from others. So, over time, old European cities become a clutter of styles and shapes. But nobody really wants to go back to very old tastes. I doubt anybody would prefer candles and oil lamps over electric lights. And we can't really function now without good office buildings. Private homes are another matter but I doubt anyone really wants to live in a mud brick hut rather than a modern house.
but whoever fears the Lord shall stand in your sight for ever.
Mark J. Ellis, 26, South Huntington, N.Y.
LET cool 1/2 hr before slicing into bars
to find the way when I am clambering myself
I can’t comment on the new movies – the prequels – as they are MA rated, and so not allowed in the Fibro. But the old movies – the ones you might remember watching the first time around (although you’ll never remember enough to satisfy the thirst for knowledge of the New Geek, who looks at you in incomprehension when you explain that it’s been 30 years since you watched Star Wars and you’re weren’t that impressed in the first place) – they all seem to have the same soundtrack.
Me - "Remember that time that you called me and asked me to make a really yummy dessert for you to bring to a party, because you were out on a motorcycle ride and didn't have enough time to bake?"
on regression,
During the first month of Eva’s life, I found myself saying “No more”, or “This is the last one, how could I do this with a two year old at home?” What sane person choses to put their sanity to the brink after they’ve been through it? Unless, of course, you forget about it.
Green Flash Double Stout – CA – 8.8% ABV
That flower, corner of 99th, looking to fly
Sources report that, They were told by a US delegate and former Ambassador for Pakistan "Either you accept our offer of a carpet of gold, or we bury you under a carpet of bombs."
My detour is over. I'm back on the road folks!
Action Adventure
- really started harassing the dog. Fiona brings Ellie such joy, she shrieks with delight whenever they are in the same room. Fiona has also learned jump up and run away when Ellie approaches.
I was pleased with how they came out.
The new price? $374,900 – about 6 percent less than the rejected short sale offer.
My old handheld vacuum sucks. I mean, you know, that it doesn't suck too hard at all. I did have a much better one, but I gave it to my mother and replaced it with a cheaper one. Wisdom about contentment and happiness suggests that giving gifts and sharing what you have makes you happier. All it left me with this time was a crappy vacuum and a dirty car. I'm a much happier lady now, with my little rechargeable Dirt Devil. I've even seen Littlest using it.
So, she hovering just behind me as I’m printing. Not to be nosy, but just standing there. I’m hoping she won’t notice the company name in the label. Praying she won’t. Alas, I am not so lucky. I had already told her that I received stuff that wasn’t mine and how embarrassing it was and when she saw the label she of course started ribbing me about if it really wasn’t mine. I was utterly motified, but managed to play it off well. I was super embarrassed because if she saw it and had that reaction, how was I going to deal with it when I took it to UPS?? Thinking about it has me cringing even though I’m just returning things that were shipped to me on accident. Nothing to be embarrassed about, Girl!
On the bright side, I did find some great deals this morning. There was a fabulous Got2B hair products promotion going on. If you bought one for $5.99, you got a second one free. I still had a bunch of $3/1 MQs left, so I bought a bunch of the hairspray. My daughter LOVES this stuff! There was one Got2B product on clearance for $3.29 also. So I purchased 4 hairsprays and the root growth product. I got 5 products for 29 cents!!!
Tip: Download #2 - the ePub (iBook) - on your mobile device (iPhone, iPad, iPod). It contains all of the text, videos and PDFs in the course. It also has a helpful video we made (not shown in the episode listing on iTunes) that gives you a guide for how to implement this in your classroom.
When I remember back on things that make me feel guilty I tend to remember them as if I’m looking at myself from outside my body. It's a false sense of memory, perhaps a way to deal with the guilt. There are many things I don’t remember at all. My brother is good at telling me things I said years ago that I can't remember in any shape or form. Maybe I don't remember those because they didn’t make me feel guilty.
Qualification: Any Graduation
Release Date and Price
Notes: The original recipe called for dried apricots/ sultanas (125gms) but I don't like to bite into those and so didn't bother adding them. If using, stir it in with the chicken stock.
This is just another example of the forces and the finances arrayed against our candidates and is a timely reminder just why we stand by our principles against such people and such organisations.
Metphistopheles brings it all home by saying Fregosi makes the list because “One piece for being damaged goods, but 30 pieces for who we traded to get him.”
Born Virginia Hensley and referred to by her family as “Ginny”, Patsy Cline displayed a talent for performing as early as the age of 4, when she won first prize in an amateur tap-dancing contest. It was not long afterward that she transferred her enthusiasm from dance to music, and for her eighth birthday Ginny’s mother bought a piano to provide her with a means to develop her natural musical skills. By her early teens she was singing in the choir of the family’s Baptist church and on her own at the local radio station. At the age of 13 the young girl’s life was nearly brought to end by an attack of rheumatic fever, which forced her to spend a period in an oxygen tent; she would later attribute the quality of her voice to the throat infection that resulted from her illness. Two years later her father abandoned the family and Ginny was forced to drop out of school, taking night jobs singing at clubs in addition to service jobs during the day in order to help pay the bills.
So in conclusion, my “denomination” is everything aligned with the Word. I don’t need a fancy name or a huge building with the letters nailed across it. I am a Christian who believes that Jesus is my Lord and Savior, who died on the cross, resurrected, and is coming again (1 John 4:14, John 3:16, Matthew 18:7, Matthew 16:27). In simple terms, I reject anything that is not instructed and supported by God and His Word. We are the Church and the Holy Spirit dwells within us, what other definitions do we need?
The trend that "Shutter Island" seems to be chasing is what I now call the Big Twist Narrative that seems to have plagued horror films and thrillers for the last ten years. The narratives often function as a series of twists, fakeouts and gotcha moments building to an ending designed to make you slap your head and proclaim "Holy crap! I didn't see that coming!" Who knew Rod Serling would become one of the most influential writers of our time? Most would obviously point to M. Night Shyamalan's "The Sixth Sense" as the Ground Zero moment when filmmakers started making movies that resembled feature-length Twilight Zone episodes. I do believe that is a bit unfair, as I still consider both the Twist in "Sense" and the story that precedes it to still be justified as a narrative about human emotions. Besides, the emotional climax of that movie was always the final scene between main character Cole Sear and his mother in the car.
This week over on Nutshells we have another great challenge for you all. This time we are asked to do a card using polka dots and/or stripes. It was great fun. I love dots and stripes so this wasn't much of a "challenge" for me...I use them all the time. This little cutie is from the Nutcrafter site. It is one of my first from them but I love her she makes me think of a retro, hip gal. I hope you all can join us this week. There will be a special mystery prize for this challenge and you will have 2 weeks to enter.
Muslims Against Crusades and their beardie weirdie leader chaudhry and his smelly hobbit followers disrupted the 911 remembrance ceremony at The US Embassy in Grosvenor Square London,The EDL counter demonstrated .There were clashes this evening which left two EDL members stabbed By Muslims against crusades who attacked the two EDL members near marble arch.The Mayor of London and his wife also had some sort of trouble when they walked past the islamorageboy mohamadeens today.
It took me an hour to figure out
As the first hint of sun was creasing the horizon, she suddenly said, “I’m tired. Let’s go now.”
The obligatory follow up questions:
What happens when an ‘extremist’ organisation is banned? Some - or even lots - of its member and supporters become angry and disaffected about the denial of their democratic right to be a member of a non-violent organisation. It the EDL case it is an organisation whose literature does not actually contain a single word that can justifiably be deemed as extreme. The EDL can only be deemed extreme if you look at it through the lense of Marxist theory in which any criticism of an 'oppressed group' is by definition both 'fascist' and 'racist'.
“The motivation has been that other states have been establishing these repositories and Colorado should have done this long ago,” he said. “If you’re going to get hit with something that big, you might as well take some credit for it.”
Counsel for the US Government went very close to arguing that TV Links was wrongly decided. In any event, Counsel sought to distinguish Mr O'Dwyer's behaviour from the restrictive decision in TVLinks. First the TVShack websites were entirely in the hands of Richard O’Dwyer and his co-conspirators, requiring third parties to sign up to TVShack and be vetted before going further. Secondly, unlike TVLinks, there was no attempt to protect copyright, as Mr O'Dwyer knew materials were subject to copyright and actively taunted already-cited efforts in June 2010 to seize TVShack.net.
Formal confirmation as to whether the action has been raised in England or Scotland is awaited. As I have said many times, any action should be raised in England as the financial pressures on the defender to settle are so much higher, and the “no win, no fee” provisions so much more favourable for claimants.
On Saturday I was in a baking mood. I had woken up with a headache, did nothing all morning, tried to have a nap (too many interruptions from the kids), then decided I was going to bake cookies! I've been kind of craving lemon cookies, so I searched Pinterest for recipes.
That's it for today, Happy Birthday Mom and Dad!
Use a single infusion mash at 156 degrees for one hour
We have a large and growing mobile apps division that is building mobile software for medium and large corporations looking to empower their workforce with the latest technology in iPad, Android, and other mobile platforms to help them interact with customers and systems in new and innovative ways while on the move.
Heat oven to 200 degrees. Score pork belly and set in Pyrex with braising liquid. Cover with tin foil and cook for six hours, until most of the fat has rendered out of the meat. Using tongs, transfer the pork belly to a roasting pan. Increase oven heat to 250 degrees, and return meat to the oven, uncovered. Let cook two hours.
Aseana Food Villages sits away from the main hub of Randwick, occupying the ground floor of a corner building. The menu is a mix of south east Asian cuisine, with a particular emphasis on Malaysian and Burmese cuisine.
Theodore A. Bergren, ‘The “People Coming from the East” in 5 Ezra 1:38′, Journal of Biblical Literature, 108 (1989), 675-83.
Max Tegmark, astrophysicist, cosmologist and professor in the physics faculty at MIT in Cambridge, Mass likes the idea of parallel universes: the quantum mechanics (QM) paradox of a particle’s ability to be in two places at the same time. He sees mathematics as our ultimate connection to reality. “Math is not something we invented, but something we are continually rediscovering.”
The market started the week with a ‘gap’ opening for the fifth time in the past six trading days. Obviously there is a lot of activity in overnight trading. Today’s selloff took the SPX down to within two points of the previous short term Intermediate wave A low at 1357. Again, the OEW 1363 pivot held and the market rallied into the close. Tomorrow may prove to be quite an interesting day.
Forgive the one you have. Love him in spite of his flaws. Do your best to cut him some slack.You can't change the man and trust me when I say this, the next guy will probably be very much the same.
This lasted for a few moments before she came back to her senses. She then pulled her coat around her and stood to leave. The pigeon hopped politely to one side. She hadn't even noticed me. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, people rarely do. My teeth ground together as I felt the anger rising in me. I watched her leave, and made a split second decision to head after her. I hung back a bit, I didn't want her to notice me now. Not yet anyway.
Tight match that swung back and forth before…
Dear Adventure Journal-
Rogerio Jelmayer – Dow Jones Newswires/Wall Street Journal, 04/27/2012
We stressed the importance of checking the oil to The Boy but what 17 year old kid does that faithfully? After all, that's what the lights on the dashboard are for, right?
Hi! My name is Dash and I’ve had 5 months of practice writing a blog. Now that I am in a better place in my life I have decided to take a leap and start my professional blog, in which I wish to learn more about myself. This task was prescribed by my good friend Julie, on my birthday, and I feel like this is useful advice. Here I hope to dig deeper into my hobbies, interests, and whatever else I may find buried along the way, now that I can somewhat concentrate on my life.
that maybe no-one
I once read an interview with a woman who owns a prominent cookie company. The interviewer asked her how she stays so fit, being she's around cookies all day. Her answer? If it wasn't the best cookie she's ever put in her mouth, why would she take another bite? Why not just find the cookie she's really craving and spend her allotted calories on a truly delicious experience?
Kevin came up with a simpler and faster way which works great if you trust yourself or your client not to mess with things. NOTE: This will not work on WordPress.com sites.
13.) “Make It Out Alive” f/ Freddie Gibbs & Crooked I
Level 13: MP Cost: 18, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 216%, 7% chance to stun the enemy for 3 seconds.
The cast was well chosen and I was glad they didn’t turn Katniss into a weak damsel in distress. The costumes were amazing, and really showed the excess of the capitol.
As with most studies, there are limitations to the data. The study focused on data from registries instead of actual ADHD patients. Data was collected for more than 150,000 individuals currently taking drugs such as Ritalin or Concerta. These persons were compared to 434,000 people who were not taking these medications. The researchers found that over 1,300 participants had a heart attack, stroke, or cardiac related death. However, the drugs were not an increased risk to the deaths. In addition, neither age nor a history of heart disease added risk to ADHD drug users. Researchers also found that the deaths were the same during the use of an ADHD drug and a year after use had ceased.
If we want our children to be lateral problem solvers now and later, we need to PLAY! We adults also need to learn to play again. instead of sitting inside the fence of limitations feeling frustrated, we need to look for the gate or just build one. It's easier to find the gate if we're in the flow of "bliss energy". We don't have to aim for happiness, though. We just need to know we can EXPAND if we want or need to.
Our first “tour” is the Paradizoo Theme Farm
*Wasn't that easy? You can stop paying for those e-meter sessions now!
Preheat oven to 375. Melt butter. Stir in sugar, then add yoghurt, vanilla, and lemon juice and zest. Add eggs.
That means she misses out on being another Arachnid. She’s a conventional Aries. Strong, creative and powerful. Interestingly, in the Chinese zodiac this constellation is the white tiger. A good Tai Chi sign.
Once you are done spraying carefully clean up your star dies with a little bit of hand sanitizer. This contains alcohol and will remove all the marker from the metal very easily. Also, look at your leaves- if they're like mine then they now have some pretty neat coloring on them. Airbrushing is a great way to add extra color to dried leaves or silk flowers in your fall arrangements.
herself as much Celtic as Anglo-Saxon.
You know all of those "free gift with purchase" deals and free samples that you get at department store make up counters? I'm not a hoarder, except for when it comes to this stuff. I have a whole drawer full of it. Most of it isn't even mine. My grandma, mom, and sisters send it to me. It makes for perfect play makeup!
The book of Job chapters 38 and 39 are two of the greatest chapters in all the Bible declaring that God is the sovereign, all-powerful, ever-present sustainer of creation, of the universe, and of our lives.Click HERE to read those chapters. Good stuff!
“I spy some pity on your looks, sir. Are you going to bestow upon me with your mercy?”
This book discusses the animal zodiac and tries to explain some of the different animals. Ahead of time, I check to see which year each child was born (you think they would know, but many don't!). I tell them which animal they are and we discuss some of the characteristics. They always get a kick out of this part-- and they want to know which animal their brother, sister, mama, and daddy are....
"..praised Top Gear Presenter and Sunday Times Columnist Jeremy Clarkson."
Canola oil (organic): On sale $5.09/16 oz bottle, used around 1/11 = $.48
“Where are you from?” I asked. He told me he was from Turkey and what his academic interests were. He then asked me where I was from and where I went to school. I responded that I was born and raised in Norfolk, and that I went to the university in my backyard for my bachelor’s and master’s. He repeated what I said for clarification; I confirmed it; and his response was, “That’s strange.”
Group B: Bay leaves– 1 or 2
If you’ve ever used a condom before, you know that they actually have multiple uses…like balloon animals! Duhh! Durex takes these balloon animals to a whole new level. Yeah, this campaign is old, but its still funny to us. Enjoy. And if you’d like, here are some stills from the campaign.
ROFLMBO!! I'm finally getting around to posting this pic (kinda forgot about this, I mean her birthday was December). Ever have one of those days (or months!) where you just kind of lose all track of time...I kept saying I'd post this but, oh well, better late than never (i think that's my life's mantra, LOL). I sent her the card along with a great little insulated lunch bag! I found the bag at Stein-mart around Christmas and immediately thought about my Sis (oh did I mention, she's MUCH older than me!!).
ISBN: 9780763655495; Published February 2012 by Candlewick; Borrowed from the library; Purchased for the library
The night began with what had been introduced as each third year film student describing themselves through film in 10 seconds. These may actually be my favourite part of the evening. There were Pokémon references, memes, Final Cut and rendering frustrations, and a lot of endearing moments that helped get to know the students.
I'd been given permission to look and enjoy everything in the exhibition without the trappings of historical context or academic knowledge . . . they were here to tell a new story and one that involved the exhibition visitor on a pilgrimage to the tomb of the unknown craftsman – a representative maker who, like the unknown soldier in Westminster Abbey, represents all the men and women who skillfully created the thousands of artifacts in the collections of the British Museum.
“Unlike you” – Evans was speaking to one who only half heard him – “I like to live with my treasures. To-night I’ve dined with Schalcken and his little girl. One picture is sufficient for a room; at the most four. The rest should be hung in a gallery. When I am likely to be away from home for any length of time, I take a picture with me. When I return, I know that picture. If I were an artist, I could reproduce every line of it.”
41. Gentle
Second, I was featured again this week on the Outlawz! Pinch me. I must be in a dream! I am amazed that my cards are getting this kind of recognition, but I am loving it! :^)
EL TESORERO DE FILIPINAS, recurrido.
Anyway, each item had to be swabbed. They even took my brain to pieces and swabbed every part. I now have the cleanest limbic system and brain stem in Scotland, possibly the world. I mean, who else can say they've just had their brain swabbed by security, or indeed by anyone else?
2. Now, fry the fish in some vegan baking margarine in hot non-stick pan on a high fire. Fry on one side for about 3 to 4 minutes until golden & cooked & then the other side 1 to 2 minutes until just cooked through, browned & golden in colour on both sides. Season with Maldon sea slat flakes & black pepper. Keep warm.
“You are the one I love!” I told him
Add 1 tbsp oil to large non-stick stock pot (I used my Mario Batali Dutch Oven) over med-high heat. Brown chicken, about 2 minutes per side, and then remove. Add 1 tbsp oil, fennel and onion to same skillet. Sauté until golden brown in spots and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Return chicken to pot, add broth and lemon juice. Bring to simmer, scraping up browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Cover, reduce heat to low, and cook until chicken is cooked through and sauce begins to thicken, about 20 minutes. Stir in cilantro just before serving, and add salt and pepper to taste.
The base is very important, too, so I suggest a Ming the Merciless vibe. That will certainly appeal to those who cheer executions and don’t care if a woman bleeds to death, because she was denied an abortion at an emergency room…
♦♦♦Louisa May Alcott♦♦♦
You can tell almost immediately that Harber (who also penned the Eddie Romero-directed flick The Kidnappers and an episode of "Hawaii 5-0") had a copy of "Island Of Lost Souls" sitting by his typewriter as he knocked out this script. After all, when you have an island, an evil and/or mad scientist, experiments shrouded in secrecy and an unseen monster, there's every indication that you're not watching an original work. Yes, this is a story that has been done time and again, and would be done even more times than here (shall we flash-forward to 1977 and 1996, anyone? No? Wise choice.) and this isn't even the worst example of this retelling. At least they do us the honor of not giving us a title like H.G. Wells' Terror Is A Man or a subtitle like Terror Is A Man: Island Of Lost Souls. Points for integrity, guys.
At The Celebration, I attended the panel entitled "Teaching Students to Become History Detectives," featuring speakers Sandhya Nankani and Elyse Luray kicked off the panel by describing in fascinating detail her experiences as one of the five hosts of the PBS' American History series History Detectives. Once a top appraiser at Christie's auction house, Elyse has spent her years on the show using objects ranging from canons to horse saddles as the jumping off point to make amazing discoveries about U.S. history. At one point, Elyse found a piece of Amelia Earhart's airplane. At another juncture, she helped find the S.S. Portland, a sunken ship in Alaska which was the first ship that found gold there!
7) I submitted it to Frances Lincoln in 2010.
As for the family, They will be a family of 5 (1 son and 2 daughters) who are not nobility, but come from prosperous families who have made their fortunes in the textile and timber trades, and also investments in shipping. I'm still working on the individual members of the family and staff. Mostly they are inspired by my favorite movie characters. I've given a lot more thought to the staff then the actual family. My biggest source of information was the book "Victorian House" by Judith Flanders.
Eight: Turkey:
Good Afternoon
Dialogue: 6,0:22:55.87,0:22:57.98,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,and then go straight home.
Over the course of the week, I did daily yoga in addition to the other parts of the program which the participants mostly did at home on our own, following the instructions of the leader. For a few days, we ate a completely raw, vegan diet. We took salt water baths and drank small amounts of senna tea nightly. I napped a lot. Later in the week, we juice fasted. We did an internal salt water bath. Twice, we participated in a sweat lodge at the Lake Claire land trust.
He gazes over me…face serene and mesmerized,
This was something a little more zippy than the usual ride. I felt safer and more in control. ( Thank you Germans)
Mary Henkin
The Human Revolution – Take Your Shoes Off
AC: Aye.
We still have to pick-up a few things for the chili cook-off Saturday, and it's supposed to rain. Oh well- welcome to my world! Wish me luck- I'm cooking my Wicked White Chili.. 3 1st place trophies in three years at this one!
The core of your wardrobe is the very foundation on which it is built. Like a home, without a firm foundation, there is little to support is walls. Get a great core, foundational wardrobe that consists of pants, skirts, jackets and dresses that fit your body.
Negative feelings aren’t bad… they are warning signs inside of us, telling us to take a deeper look at what is really happening within us.
Last night, I was walking through Kohls and a pretty dress caught my eye. Its colorful print attracted me like a moth. I circled around it, then decided I had to go back and look. The closer I got, the more I liked the dress.
So, therefore, I'm going to have to post about something entirely different. We're moving inside again after having missed out on an auction for 19 faux bamboo chairs kind of like this...
160 printed pages = 40 sheets, 80 impression.
Flybe has also launched a new ‘Essential’ ticket system, at £19 cheaper than economy, this allows people to buy lower priced tickets for just taking carry on items with them, whilst still earning frequent flyer points. Economy and Economy Plus pretty much stay the same. The loss of the debit card charge will really make prices transparent and actually maybe even surprise consumers when they finally pay for the ticket, not having random surcharges appear just before they click on the ‘pay now’ button.
Yes, we also may claim a mundane familiarity with Him through your religious practice and even have worked signs and wonders in His name, but unless you personally “KNOW” Him, He will tell you when you come to His door: “depart from me you workers of iniquity, I do not KNOW you”.
Yes I went back through to find out what number I was on.
On The Web:
Families seemed to make up a huge proportion of passengers, to my surprise, and kids were often specially catered off. The Plantation includes a special kids meal time that precedes the main dinner service.
Then we took a pedicab (my first such ride of the year and Marianne's second -- her first was in Peiking) uptown for the reception. I'd list all the major writers who put in an appearance, but there were so many I'd be sure to miss some. And writers are delicate creatures and easily offended.
Hi everyone, how have you all been? A bit of a special one today... here we have a double feature post consisting of two manis using a spectraflair franken I made. A little backstory behind this franken is that I actually bought the pigment from a seller online who has been providing the special rainbow magic to tons of us in the nail polish community. Sadly, I heard that he recently passed away. These manis are a thank you to Sid - you will be missed! Thanks for providing us with endless possibilities to create some awesome polishes and enjoy what we love! =D
Remember that sentence about Melissa way back? “Admiringly” is an adverb that should have been cut. It tells us how to interpret her feelings instead of showing us her admiration. Here is a way to show in that scene:
In contrast, to address these challenges the SNP Government have focused upon reinvigorating our economy by investing in infrastructure projects such as building new homes, roads, hospitals and investments such as the new Airdrie Health Centre. Initiatives such as these protect existing jobs and create new ones by bringing money back into the local economy and therefore supporting economic growth.
On the road, the Prius c’s cabin is quiet, its ride smooth and well-controlled. Unlike the Liftback, its steering wheel feels like it’s actually connected to the front wheels, without the giant dead spot on-center you’ll find with most new cars. As with other hybrids, the brakes will be grabby until you discover how to modulate the pedal, this because regenerative braking is supplementing the wheel brakes.
15.Git It
“Ken stood up for LGBT rights when he was called ‘mad’ for doing so. LGBT Londoners would be better off with Ken.”
You might enjoy the series:
Kate got sick. :( Throwing up, diarrhea kind of sick. It's really sad. Nana had to deal with some of it while K and I were in away at the wedding and I felt bad for all parties involved.
Also in April 2007 a car driver used a cellphone to provide the newspaper with video of kwaZulu-Natal premier Sbu Ndebele's convoy doing 160km/h on the N3.
Last month I was about to embark on a new journey – a new book. And I was casting about for a hero. I had a fairly good idea of what he looked like. But I didn’t have him nailed down.
Fabric Used: A chiffon print from Joann's.
In a microwave, melt chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Cool slightly. Dip patties in melted chocolate, allowing excess to drip off; place on waxed paper until set. Store in the refrigerator. Yield: about 4 dozen.
(Charlotte Williams is not using her real name)
The last large “race riot” took place in 1991 in South Central Los Angeles following the videotaped brutal beating of black motorist Rodney King and an all-white jury’s subsequent acquittal of the officers involved. Though they didn’t riot, many whites, along with the majority of blacks, felt and expressed outrage at the injustice.
Which raises the larger question — when it comes to kissing, and whatever comes after that, do you prefer to be wooed or pounced upon?
Unbelievably, Princess Miss M was found as a stray. The same Miss M who has a slew of sweaters because she can't stand the cold, who can't let her dainty feet step in puddles, an who needs to bring out her fuzzy rug and fluffy pillow to lay outdoors. Here she is"Glamping":
#738 - Tabu, A Story of the South Seas (1931) - (#228 on TSPDT) This Muranu film (co-directed of sorts with Robert Flaherty), the director's final film, released just after his death, is the highest ranked film in this update, and for the most part (excepting the two Renoir and Flaherty's own Louisiana Story) deserves to be. A fascinating look at tribal culture and law in the form of a tragic romance. History tells us that Flaherty was not happy with Murnau's screenplay - calling it too westernized - but even with this dissent, the combination of the German auteur's directorial prowess and Flaherty's naturalistic filmmaking style, make for a surprisingly intriguing work of cinematic art. I suppose considering this is a film from these two men, I should not be all that surprised at its bravura standing.
Subject: Re: FROM THE U.S AMBASSADOR
“Then you won’t exist.”
If you’ve spent the day dodging showers and are currently sat at home with a cup of tea staring out of a rain soaked window then look away from this blog now…Because that’s what today is ALL about! In contrast to our weeks of no rain and dry grounds, we’ve consistently had rain pretty much for the past week now. But we’re still in a drought, of course. With today being quite hectic and involving a bit of flitting about all over the place, I took the opportunity to take my photos whilst sat in the car. That’s right! Lazy!
Chapter Treasurer – Louise Davis Lopez, Johnson & Johnson
Morello: That could be arranged.
Planning to hit the studio in early June to lay down tracks for their third album, WOE’s reworked “Quietly, Undramatically” opens a new door on the title track from the band’s popular 2010 release of the same name. Vocalist/guitarist Chris Grigg notes, “the remixed version of ‘Quietly, Undramatically’ is a more accurate representation of what was hoped to achieve with the material and offers a different perspective into the album.” Decibel Magazine said, “Woe strive for sophistication without falling into the usual pitfalls of pretentiousness, cartoonish-ness or undue gloss. Essential aggression is maintained, while the atmospheric and emotional depth envelopes are pushed with a bold fearlessness.”
I haven't crafted in 4 months now. This may sound strange as that is the first thing most people do when things get hard - it used to be for me too.
There is also a photograph of a man standing at a press table in the middle of an empty arena, his hand covering his face in expressionistic gesture. This man seems like discoursing minister, full of pomp and rhetoric, and what occurs here is quite interesting. Does Pfeiffer suggest that signifiers of video and spectacle inducing media cover up feelings in society that seem to be much like old fashion worship? Are basketball players and media figures our temporary gods, replaced each night by new symbols? There is pessimism at work here.
Here's a little sneak peek of my first project for Snazzy's for this month. We were given some lovely stamps that I have had the pleasure of working with once before. Hope you'll pop over to the Snazzy DT blog to look at the project details.
Combining local expertise, a deep understanding of international standards and expectations, our services have been tailored to ensure each individual and families’ experience in Vietnam is successful and rewarding to both assignees and their company.
and which are the ways
Here are the quick results.
I listened in on another one for first time memoirists, where I found that other writers struggle with the same issues of reportage versus personal story and finding the balance of the two.
The best part of my day: opening the garage door and hearing Hannah shout, “Daddy!” As I open the kitchen door, I hear these little feet pounding the linoleum floor, and I know it’s only moments until I see her come around the corner with that big smile on her face. I frantically place my keys and phone onto the counter in order to have my hands empty before she reaches me. I pick her up for our daily bear hug, and she updates me on what happened that day. I carry her into the living room where Naomi is trying to roll over, and we spend the next hour playing together. It’s the most incredible feeling in the world, and it must be how God feels when we want to spend time with Him as much as our kids want to spend time with us.
Oh yes, aren't these two beautiful? Hard to believe that, God willing, we get a whole additional one.
Donckers Koffie will be the new title sponsor of the Marco Polo Cycling Team in 2012, meaning the team will be able to race a full season of a pro-level program in Europe, with additional races in Asia and Africa.
Current nose
Oh, and in case you missed the previous link, you can download these lovely (and free!) fruit labels at Eat Drink Chic.
Yudh V.S. Jain, 54, New City, N.Y.
Well, I must endure the presence of two or three caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.
It was one of those night.
*whistles innocently*
Three weeks away and much as changed. Spring has snuck into Nordkapp. To visitors traveling through, they may disagree. The temperature hovers between 0º- 6º C (32º-45ºF), and snow covers a large portion of the ground. But for those who live here, we can breath in the scent of damp soil and feel a hint of warmth in the breeze.
I have one of those phone messages people complain about. I tell callers what number they have dialed and kindly ask them to leave a message if they are so inclined. My mother hates my message. She asks how people will know whom they’ve reached. I figure you either know me and will leave a message or you hope you know me, leave a message and take your chances. The last thing I want to do is give someone from whom I may not want to hear more information about me. I don’t want to validate telemarketers or let the robocallers know that they’ve reached a live one.
BEER 2 WINE 2
I hope you enjoy the blog, and please comment and tell me how right I am for my various reviews. First up is what I did for my Winter Vacation, the lovely state of Maryland awaits.
I know it is Tuesday. I had a weekend and I worked yesterday. It was game night on top of everything. So I know it was a Monday last night. That means Tuesday is today. Unless someone forgot to tell me the calendar was changed.
so we are getting a move on and starting to assemble things this week!
“I love deviled eggs and they are so versatile, making a great snack, breakfast, lunch, hors d’oeuvres Take a hard boiled egg, rolling it to get the shell off without butchering the white part, slicing in half, taking out the yolk and mixing it with mayonnaise, mustard, and salt and pepper. Or…mix it with wasabi, minced veggies or other flavorings. Or…forget the yolk altogether and stuff the whites with hummus, crab salad, etc.”
“What’s the sense in hurting my pride?” (What kind of a romantic overture is that!?)
As a wee boy growing up in Edinburgh, I remember dressing up as Dracula on Halloween night. Besides preparing me with the requisite black hair and fangs, mum also handed me a turnip as I walked out the door. In Scotland it’s not “trick-or treating”, it’s “guising” and instead of carving pumpkins, we carve turnips. Every year my brothers and I would go out guising together. In this tradition when you arrive at each door, you first recite a poem, sing a song, do a magic trick, or perform some other form of entertainment to persuade an offering of a treat. If your performance wasn’t well-received, you might get nowt (nothing)! (In the high school years, retaliation for this rejection was sometimes given through an egging, which, of course, I never participated in.) While we walked the neighborhood, my brothers and I would carry our carved turnips, called turnip lanterns, to light the way.
I say ‘my’. In fact, I suspect this is something we’ve all had to begrudgingly figure out at some point or other, regardless of the bullshit behind it being lower-cased or title-cased. I suppose it’s just that, with the big-B’d Bullshit, finding yourself ribbon-tangled in a number of hugely conflicting emotions at any one time is less an occasional nuisance of a lesson learned than a baffling mindfuck of a rammed-down-your-throat crash-course exam-retake in genetics from a Klingon-speaking Amy Childs.
Go over each name and if you’re not sure who someone is ask who he or she is and why it’s important for him or her to be there. Don’t have an edge in your voice, just speak quite frankly.
closely the bottom door on the left has a piece that my father had to replace for me
Thunderbolts #172
The Glory of Brooklyn’s Gowanus is available for purchase at Book Court (163 Court St.), the two local Barnes & Noble stores (106 Court St. and 267 Seventh Ave.), The Strand bookstore in Manhattan and on Amazon.com.
The same lady that had been sitting at the number desk was now my helper. I laid out all the paper work I had and my old license plate. She grabbed the top paper and proceeded to tell me that was the wrong document. Then I handed her the temporary registration from the dealership. She stared at me like I had three eyes.
I hung up the phone and snuggled under the sheet, looking through the mosquito net that made the orange ambient street light streaming through the window fuzzy. I miss my home and my dog, but I am ready to get to work. I fell asleep to the sounds of cars, musicians playing, and people laughing and talking long into the night.
Crappily, of course! Just about everything you’d expect really. High ranks encouraging lower ranks, Shu angsting about the scheme, a pointless fanservice girl’s bath scene, drama about how the limited number of vaccines they have will be distributed, etc.
What that thing is.”
Take the L train to Graham Ave. (Brooklyn!) Walking directions are as follows: Walk East on Metropolitan Avenue towards Humboldt. You want to get to Woodpoint Road, so you can do that by taking the awkward diagonal Maspeth Ave, which is definitely faster. If you miss it, just turn right on Conselyea Street. Turn left on Woodpoint, and walk walk walk northeast, until you hit Kingsland Ave, then turn left again. As you approach the not-so-sexy underbelly of the BQE, you should find the magic street Lombardy and turn right! Walk on Lombardy until you hit 171 Lombardy, and you've found it. If you feel like "uh, this is weird, there's like, nothing around here but warehouses and stuff," you're totally in the right place! You should see our doorman hanging around by the door.
To be continued.....
Hi Folks! I’m a pacifist at heart and I have no desire to see guns in the school. But I also have no desire to see a boy told he cannot wear the hat he decorated with toy soldiers because the soldiers are carrying — guess what? Toy guns.
And yet nothing has really changed. I am the same underemployed college adjunct as I was and I have gathered no steam on the Phd front. I have only the most filmy vision of the future.
A wide covered porch off the living room steps down to a semi-circular stone terrace with direct view of the reservoir through a narrow cut in the thick stand of trees along the shore. Terraced gardens with stacked stone retaining walls give way to a massive, rolling lawn that weaves and knits itself almost entirely around the residence.
The shrill demented choirs of wailing shells;
Best wishes for your continued success.
Unconfirmed rumors report that contact has been lost with the Emperor’s Star Destroyer as it was making its return journey from the planet of Xagobah where he had been inspecting a new facility.
If he will walk in meekness
I really didn't want to style the shots because all the materials I used speak for themselves and work so well together. Why complicate things!
The abdominals weaken and lengthen during pregnancy, and I’m specifically talking about the six-pack muscle which runs from your breastbone, to your pubic bone, vertically down the front of your stomach. Sometimes these muscles separate, but not in all pregnancies. The deep, internal abdominal muscle called the Transverse Abdominis, sometimes referred to as your “core” muscle should be your main focus. Sit ups aren’t suitable for postnatal women to do, so stop them immediately if you are, and neither are forceful rotational movements where you twist your torso from right to left. It’s safer to perform Pilates-based exercises which target the pelvic floor and deep abdominal muscles or “core”, as these help stabilise your pelvis and the exercises themselves have numerous benefits.
“I think he is a good appointment. I think all the candidates the media were saying were in the running were all good candidates. Like any other England manager Roy will be judged on results so we will see how it goes, but I am certainly looking forward to working with him again.”
Rain will be posting my responses to her interview questions soon (I sent them late, big surprise) on her blog. Go over have a read. You can also check out other interviews, just pop over to Production not Reproduction’s list of interviews.
Expanded Adventure Line and 75 New Styles/Color Combinations
Decline in the manufacturing of electronic products caused the decline. The manufacture of electronics fell 26 percent, metals output declined 21 percent and chemical products declined 10 percent. (Statistics Estonia)
usually blog about quilty, stitchy or crochet type things, although sometimes I'll throw in a curve and blog about chocolate or ice cream....... I'm thrilled to be guest posting on Ann's blog today. Since you're already regular readers of her blog I don't have to tell you just how awesome she is because you already know!
Anyway, I finally got a card done today for Simply Simple week. I did the Elegant Lines EF fdor my background and just framed the punched butterflies. Hope you like it.
After that the humorous and alliterative credits became more infrequent. Indeed, Stan often saved that for the Bullpen Bulletin or the letters page. I suspect that his workload by that point was getting too big; it was around this time that he turned the scriptwriting chores for the Avengers over to Rascally Roy Thomas.
All his brothers decisively followed him, having seen that the immorality of Kali-yuga had embraced the relations of all the people of earth. They had done everything saintly and accomplished everything worldly. They knew the ultimate destination and origin of the soul. So, their minds always embraced the lotus-like feet of The Tranquil.
He would win true acclaim and popularity, however, as the city's district attorney proper, serving first from 1853-1859 and again from 1861-1869, one of New York's most important legal voices during the Civil War. He allegedly prosecuted over 12,000 cases. He was also on hand during the Draft Riots, funneling many rioters through the court system and straight to jail. His accomplice was often judge John Hoffman, soon to be the mayor of New York who preceded Hall. Their crusades against rioters would boost both their popularity.
So, when US intelligence intercepted the detailed plan, they handed it over to a true-blue 100% American armed with an English-Japanese dictionary, and he managed to translate enough of the document to understand its import on 7 December '41, shortly after hearing reports of the attack on the radio.
Mabuhay at Mabuting Balita!
LIVE OAK BREWING COMPANY Smoked Big Bark Amber Lager
I’m finally going to be freeee.
For starters, no one is property, we are not owned by anyone. Second of all, women especially are not property. To me, that shows insecurity, and the fact that this kid said it the way he did, I think either he learned it from friends or his own dad. Plus, he crashed her car, she didn’t crash it, and yet he is telling her to ‘shut up’ which is the most uncalled for act he could have done besides referring to her as his ‘property.’ It wasn’t her fault, it was his, but the whole endeavor was just uncalled for
Baking: 1 hour
The simplicity of the measure is that if that a plot and you know its size then you can multiply one by the other and produce the allowable gross floor area of the scheme. For example if you have a site with a FAR of two you could build on half the site to four storeys, on one quarter of it to eight stories; in the absence of any other controls.
Danny had an amazing energy day yesterday when Hugh took the kids to the cabin. I guess besides walking all over the place there was kayaking and swimming in the pond.
There really is no down-side to initiatives like this, and I would highly recommend that people sign up and get into the habit of using Freecycle.
- Specification for Products or Services;
Ink: Memento tuxedo black, cottage ivy, bamboo leaves, pear tart, dessert sand, lady bug, grape jelly, lavender moon, summer sky, VersaFine imperial purple (Tsukineko)
The CE Sector Board is AEM’s Board-level group focused on the construction sector: it determines/recommends strategic direction and develops/directs programs, services and activities.
I live in a community of people that I’m sure want this country to be a great place to live both now and in the future for our children and grandchildren. Yet when I watch our leaders and media, the focus seems to be primarily on our political differences. Some of us believe that the risks of climate change make it the most urgent issue that we must address together. Others believe it is our economy or big government that are the urgent issues to address. I find myself disheartened and doubting that our leaders have any idea of how to change the polarized game of politics and to make meaningful progress.
She smiled, and tried to make me feel better ”Don’t worry, you know how I rarely wear a dress? well, on my way home from your party wearing that long cocktail dress that looked soooooo hot…..”
It should be a very quick dress up party for it. I personally detest these ceiling lights. They are uneventful... okay the word I'm looking for is BORING! but eh, some paint could dress it up fun if you go silver, black, red, imagine it in yellow, fuchsia... it's endless. =D
Which is French for 'wish in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up first.'
Those that know me, also know that I am such a sucker for the Bygel rail and bucket storage solution from Ikea! It's so fun to see others using it in their spaces!
Several weeks later, Skip's unit was in the thick of battle in the Shiite heartlands of Najaf and Karbala. He wrote home about "apocalyptic" battles in which he saw "hundreds of blown apart bodies."
You may ask, then, why I have chosen a ball perched atop a steep hill to represent the very foundation of contemporary society. I make no claims of any great knowledge in neurology, psychology, anthropology, or sociology, but there is one characteristic of our society that my own observations have repeatedly led me to: this hill, this very foundation, is unstable. At any point, a small amount of force applied in the right direction can start the ball rolling back down, back to stable ground, to the agrarian, community-based economics practiced for so much of human history. A small shift in day-to-day life, or the rediscovery of a older, simpler tradition that, in the hustle and bustle of modern life, we didn’t realize we had forgotten – these little events on a societal or, more likely, personal level, can start the ball rolling. Moreover, if strong enough, they can completely derail all of the artificiality, materialism, and vice which have been forced upon us (by whom?: that is a whole discussion in itself), in order to separate us from our roots and keep us in a state of near-subservience.
Miss A spend the after noon with her Great Aunt Jean and they loved having her!! They didn't want to give her back:) I love when people love my girls!! I think they are pretty special but it always nice to hear that other people love them :)
the every bar’s life-blood. And there was
Tape/staple (optional)
The rest of the funeral pre-arrangement meeting went well….even though I laughed at precisely the wrong moments. Every. Time.
1 formal
On the down side, she has been diagnosed with ADHD and ODD (oppositional defiance disorder) which is causing struggles and tension both at school and at home. She lived with a friend for a few months through the spring and summer, but is home again (home again, jiggity jig). We are hopeful that she will be back on track very soon!
But not without a fight. Before the monster's death throes have run their course, the rollercoaster becomes an inferno of flames (Nesbitt and the marksman make it safely to the ground), and the rhedosaurus gets a funeral pyre to match its gargantuan size. Harryhausen says that Eugene Lourie once accused him of having his monsters die "like a tenor in an opera", and that's what this one does:
While at EWC-UH, Bateson was also working on secret cybernetic research for the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health, a covert MK ULTRA funding institution [57] and the Wenner-Gren Foundation (Viking Fund).[58] Axel Wenner-Gren was a Swedish Nazi financier, Eugenicist (Pseudo-Race Science) and close associate of the Reichsstatthatter of Prussia, Hermann Goering.[59]
and some words on the MoU at the time:
In a preview of an upcoming episode from ABC’s program, What Would You Do?, an irritated diner patron comes to the aid of a waitress being verbally harassed by another customer. The waitress ins questions, is a real transgender woman but the verbally-abusive customer is an actor. The program puts forth an interesting scenario, and one that I’m sure plays out more and more often, and it’s great to see someone standing up for the woman, who is, indeed, just trying to do her job. Interestingly, when the actor asks the irritated patron if he thinks it’s “ok for someone to be disgusting,” the patron replies, “It’s okay to be whoever you want to be. This is America.”
Viloria ended the sixth by pinning Miranda against the ropes and landed a left to the head just before the bell. Another body shot knocked Miranda into the ropes early in the seventh and Viloria connected on several combinations that appeared to have Miranda in trouble.
They say in AA that the first step is admitting that you have a problem. I’ve never been to AA but I have to think they must be right. It seems pretty obvious. After all, you can’t exactly fight something before you realize it’s something that needs to be fought. I definitely have problem. I have ADD and I’m stressed. I can’t focus, I can’t relax, and I feel like I have no control over my life and what I actually want out of it. So here I am. I’m on a self-inflicted seclusion in the middle of nowhere, smack-dab in the middle of the great ol’ US of A. The town is called Moorhead and it’s in Minnesota, bordering North Dakota and slightly bigger town called Fargo. You may have heard about it. They made a movie. I won’t bore you with the details of my expedition, or berate you with the fact that Fargo (the movie) was actually a misnomer because it was the Minnesota, that is, Moorhead, police that actually solved the crime (actually, in retrospect, I guess I will). I also won’t bore you with the all details of my drive, yes drive, out here which include two and a half days of my cat meowing (yes, she meowed the whole way). I still hear her in my head. Meow. Meoooow. Meoowwww. As if a chainsaw was cutting her in half, while she was being choked by fishing line, and I was just watching. Trust me, none of that happened.
We see this in Hebrews 10:19-22, where we are encouraged to come near to God in “the house of God” through the torn “veil” of the broken “flesh”, and through the shed blood, which is “sprinkled” (cp. 9:21) on our hearts, of Christ the “High Priest”. It is impossible to exclude the Eucharist from our interpretation of this passage, especially since this entrance into “the Holiest” is said to be a “new and living way”, while the Eucharist, which also happens in the house of God, the Church, is called the “new covenant”.
But 40% of those deemed ineligible are appealing against their ruling, with more than a third of them successfully overturning the verdict – which has led to a call for more judges to process the caseload. Current figures suggest that the cost of these additional judges will be at least £1 million a year.
I got up in the morning, and had my coffee. Drove to work, occasionally talking back to the radio. Worked through the morning, right past my scheduled 10:30 a.m. smoke break.
I could feel the dampness you left like a signature upon the cotton. The imprint of your head still on the pillow.
In the bowl of a standing mixer with the flat beater attachment, mix the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt lemon zest, and poppy seeds on low speed for 30 seconds. Add the butter and the remaining sour cream. Mix on low speed until the dry ingredients are moistened. Raise the speed to medium and beat for 1 1/2 minutes. The mixture will lighten in color and texture. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.
90's white trash car calender pictures, underwater pictures. Mark and T play like crazy in the pool and me n Cass watch and smile as she spits water in his face.
Fell down underneath our Christmas tree
Everyday, I read quotations by many different people who in some way or another have inspired me or who's work has resonated within me. Words are such powerful weapons, quotations can alter my mindset, comfort me, make me re-asess... but either way it's the power of words which at an early age drew me to get pen to paper and begin writing, the idea that words can have such a profound effect on people on a deeper level and higher consciousness is astounding.
that daily, constantly, talk of Jesus was always on his lips,
11/21 Seattle, WA Showbox
So anyway.
A candlelight ceremony at his grave on October 29, 2012, is when she plans to visit Glasnevin Cemetery again.
About 30 minutes before serving soup, drop noodles in and cook. Add some fresh chopped parsley right before serving. Enjoy.
It’s also time for me to put on my big girl socks and get my professional face on. Not to say I haven’t been professional! I’ve just spent a lot of time getting to know my delightful cast and taking things as they come. Now it’s time to remember I need to pull back and get my head completely in the game. Things are only going to get more intense from here on out so it’s so critical for me to be as focused and ready. And trust me, I am ready. I’m hungry for this.
I am writing this awkwardly with one of my cats on the desk half lying on the key board – a favourite position of his I wouldn’t dream of interfering with. His sister prefers to watch television. I have been answering emails (tardily – post a virus and subsequent new laptop) from many of you through both the blog and the website and I am just amazed at the interest in Christian and the emotion he still generates. Please keep sending me stories about your own animals, or YouTube links of cats (or dogs!), or what Christian means to you. I’m sure we are building an invaluable archive.
On the afternoon of Monday, January 8, 1912, Mrs. Grace Johnson, the director of the Springfield Museum of Natural History and Miss Fannie Stebbins, the supervisor of natural science for the Springfield School Department, assembled a group of amateur bird watchers and organized the Springfield Bird Club. The purpose of the club was “to attract, conserve and study birds.” A century later, the Allen Bird Club, as it soon came to be known, is still carrying out this original purpose.
Queen Bohemian rhapsody UK
I have a new friend. I'll call him Adrian. Hello, Adrian - I'm sure you will recognise yourself, even with this different name. Adrian has written a long novel which he has been working on for much of this year. He has had feedback from several readers, some with publishing industry experience, so their comments are more likely to be useful than those of random friends and family. He has taken on board all their comments and made changes to his novel. I have not read his novel, nor do I intend to until it is published. I have read and commented on the synopsis and the first page - that's all. So can I be any use to Adrian in helping him develop his novel? I think so. Because I don't think I can teach him to write, but I might be able to help him to learn to write.
oh, friends.
This test will be of individual words and non-words. Pupils will be asked to show that they can offer the correct readings for the real words and plausible readings for the non-words ie pronouncing the letters and letter-combinations with the sounds that the children have been taught. So, for example a non-word with the 'ou' letters in the middle could be pronounced either as 'ou' in 'sound' or as 'ou' in 'wound' (as in 'hurt') (all southern English pronunciations). Whether they could pronounce it as the 'ou' in 'touch' is, I think, unlikely. We shall see whether 'rare' pronunciations will be allowed when the actual test comes out.
Just a couple of years younger than me she tore posters of Jason Donovan out of Smash Hits, saw his Joseph about a million times and even waited outside the stage door for autograph. She was boy mad! Like a teenager. Or was she?
among them: the resurrection
dancing among the stars when she looked up
Here are some pictures of the invites and the process of making them. My sister, mom, husband and even random visitors (ha ha) helped out with the invites. At the end they turned out great and best of all is that she LOVED them.
This is nothing new, though. It’s been a part of my Christmas decorations for the past several years, actually. Except that for some reason, it’s rarely been used. Well, at least by me… I had a roommate for many of those years, so I can’t speak to whether it was used by anyone else.
“OK,” he says obligingly. So obligingly, in fact, that I know that wherever he’s been, he’s been doing something enjoyable that he feels slightly guilty about. I will have to interrogate him after he’s mended the iron.
Answer: Here she is!
Beech leaves have begun their acid-green emergence into air, water, light. Dog and I are kneedeep in ramsons and bluebells, lit by the occasional creamy wild arum. Each time we come to a storm-felled tree across the path, its continuation the other side is a little wilder, a little more dense with bluebells until we're wading in an ultraviolet stream into the heartlands.
and I’ll wrap my arms
Holy Goat La Luna is one of the few Australian goat cheeses made in the traditional French soft-curd style. The cheese has a gentle creaminess that works well with the pickled rhubarb and burnt butter crumble.
R5-13- sc in each
When I was 13, it actually happened. We went through family therapy in which I found out my dad had cheated on my mom, more than once. I was upset, but he was still my father. I still wanted him to come to my recitals and award ceremonies, but soon realized that this desire was seen by mother as a slight. She took to ask us who we loved more, and when my dad came to pick us up, he didn’t come in the house. From that point on, my sister took on a lot of the work of raising me–she was the one who talked to me about college, taught me how to drive and took me to get my license, lectured me when I stayed out past curfew, got me up for church on Sundays, hugged me when my mom came home from work and spent the rest of the night in bed.
Lets face it, we'll know by next week.
3 buttons
Thirteen years old and his father’s loyal conspirator. The truth, whatever and wherever it was, had to be kept secret from his mother at all costs.
Every fear, every doubt,
Finding the freedom from doubt of innocence,
When I know they're not
Before I move on to the top picks of our current challenge, I wanted to post the lucky winner of a $10 gc to By LORi Designs from the first of the month (my apologies!):
Beginning to Pray: Theological Contemplation and the Lord's Gaze of Love
- Charles Perrault, Bluebeard
All this for a baby
The book is a young adult book very similar to The Hunger Game triology (and, yes, it is the first of a trilogy, too!). The story is about a 17 year old girl, Cassia, who lives in a "Utopian" (or dystopian) society. The Society has everything figured out - the decide who you marry, how many kids you have, how much food you need to eat, and even when you die - at the perfect age of 80 (when you have lived a good, long life but before you start feeling 'useless').
I'm not a very "in the moment" person. My head is usually recreating the past into ever rolling reinvented versions of the future. On the "Meyers Brigg", if you are familiar with that personality type tool, I'm an extreme "N', iNtuitive, living in the world of possibilities and connections, and not at all Sensing, grounded in reality and concrete things. The only time I get peace from my mind is when I run. There is something about the simple awareness of lungs, heart and muscle connecting with air and ground. Noticing the adrenaline kicking in and lifting my old joints into fluidity. Feeling the sun prickle my skin as the sweat rises. (In California. In Scotland it was the biting, icy wind). It was training for this event last year that reignited my dormant running addiction, and I feel quite satisfied that I'm going into it this year feeling strong and trained.
I’m on the floor. I feel it now. A dark wave of icy water running through my body.
Martha and Cynthia were left with the two thousand pound cost of flying their Aunt’s body back home for burial, in addition to the debts she had racked up in the six years of travelling. It had not been a particularly good time. Still, if she was going to go, Martha thought, she’d like to go out with a bang; like frivolous Aunt Cece, only perhaps without the yellow pallor and translucent, wrinkled skin. Martha consoled herself that she didn’t look her age, and prayed that she could at least keep her good looks until the time came.
Before the 1830s, trains had not yet spread widely across the English country side and many factories still relied on canals for the transport of raw materials and goods to market. The postal system and its need to carry mail and people along particular routes required reform and refurbishment of the infrastructure during the late Regency period. Thomas Telford and John McAdam (of the Tar-McAdam or tarmac fame despite his not using tar in his construction, but possibly because of family business in the 18th century involving tar and shipbuilding) led to widespread renovations and improvements (in terms of the roads taking people where they wanted to go) on the Roman roads, including the Great North Road, the corridor between London and Edinburgh that is now called the A1.
1/8 teaspoon cinnamon
Until next time..........Hugs, Regi
Whatever you do, dont expect quick startup either. A full 2 minute wait fron the time you turn it on should be expected.
Running errands with the missus can be a challenge for any man, but when those errands involve a trip to Michaels it's all good. Yesterday I found a cool tower for $4.99. I primed this bad boy last night and look forward to giving it a stone-like finish. It was hard to take a good photo as Master Cylinder kept pushing it around the table and trying to chew on it.
All in all, exactly what I expected. Maybe the next big hurricane will take this place out for good.
The restored footage was discovered in a film archive in Buenos Aires and is mainly due to the never ending determination of film archivist Fernando Pena. The reels found were in 16 millimeter and very grainy, subsequently when viewing the film you can easily distinguish where the new found footage is in the restored version in addition to an obvious change in the film ratio.
Now that she’s done some research, Kassi does know more about symptoms.
Ernest Saves Christmas ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
I had never heard of the designation CODA (Child of Deaf Adult) until after I moved away from home and saw the Hallmark movie “Love is Never Silent.” In the movie, there’s a confrontational scene between the deaf parents and the hearing daughter after she’s moved away from home. During that scene, I broke down and sobbed like I’d never cried in all my life. In fact, I couldn’t even talk about that movie for a couple of years without starting to cry. I wasn’t angry with my parents. Nor do I think I had an unlucky childhood. That movie began a process which helped me learn how important it is that I embrace who I am. I am in both worlds, both deaf and hearing. My personality is different in each world. When I sign to deaf people I’m no longer shy. If I see a deaf person signing, I want to go over and introduce myself. In the hearing world, I’m much more reserved. Since then, I’ve learned to recognize that I can live in both worlds at the same time.
So what is it that gives me this reaction? Well, I'll tell you now, it's not just characters with a low level of intelligence. I have been thinking about this for a while, and despite the fact that I enjoy intellectually sharp characters, I don't require them to continue reading. At one point I even asked myself in adversarial fashion, "What, Juliette, are you really looking for characters who are exactly at your level of intelligence and can't make mistakes?"
The crashing waves of worry,
It took looking over at my girls during a practice in late October that it was time for a change. They were bundled up and huddled together while trying to do their homework. And, that change meant that Coachdad was about to be just Dad.
ABOUT THE WEBINAR
I see Brooke Burke (Charvet) pulled out her vamp costume she’s been using since 1991. Honestly, with dress up 100% or don’t dress up at all. Like Tom.
Annndddd we're back! Anyone still out there?
Stan might also be making the connection that his mafia friends are not so friendly after all. This season has been better so far with the exception of us following the politician, which is a bit boring. I’m assuming he must still be connected in some way, perhaps his rival will be linked to it all, and he will be involved in uncovering it, thus redeeming his professional reputation.
'Which?' he said, in a half-strangled voice. 'Be impertinent or marry me?'"
Pertubuhan Pribumi Perkasa Malaysia (Perkasa) are currently fighting for the inclusion of racial quota system and the Bumiputera equity requirement in the new economic model scheduled to be announced by the end of this month. Meanwhile, the Federation of Malay Economic Bodies (Gabem) called for Malay consumers to purchase goods only from Malay businessmen. Other radical organisations include the Association of Former Umno Elected Representatives (Mubarak), Federal Peninsular Malaysia Students Front (GPMS), Malay Professional Thinkers Association and Federation of Malay Writers Associations (Gapena).
I have come to the conclusion that I was really more affected by that Barracuda eating Nemo's mum than I originally thought at the time and subconsciously I am creating a fish haven for all the orphaned Nemos of the world. Either that or I was a fish in another life and I am now surrounding myself with icons that remind me of the loved ones I left behind in that lifetime.
Opponents, on the other hand, say the policy is not based on sound science and will leave in place migrating petroleum plumes.
Wednesday, November 17, 2010
Referral Level 2: 25
USB Network Adapters Netgear Dualband Usb Adapter, Brand Netgear, Color Black, On-Line GameWirelessly Surf, Email, Stream Hd VideoInternet Phone CallsLess Interference And Better ConnectionsBetter Speed And Range Than Other Usb Wireless-N Adapters
Junior Java resource with decent communication skills. Someone who can look at code and ask some good questions and solve problems. Please reply with:
He also points out that major works done to a property’s structure, such as to its walls, can be hard to undo.
Democrats delivered for unions by exempting the first $27,500 of a straight family’s health plan from the “Cadillac tax” and delayed any taxation on those benefits until 2018. Gay individuals, parents and their children who receive their health insurance through their domestic partners pay income tax on dollar one of their benefits. This is a huge disparity in the treatment of gays and straights. It is also a hardship for middle and low-income gay families and an injustice for all gays. Lobbying to include domestic partners in the “Cadillac tax” exemption would have been smart, non-controversial and helped many in our community. Instead of making progress, by ignoring this opportunity we were left with the expansion of a discriminatory system.
Since I began the adventure by heading east, I guess the other part of the hammer will be further westward, so start inkling that way. I briefly lose my page, causing my character to undergo great confusion - "WTF, a dragon?! Two orcs!? A dude showing me his bicep?!" before coming to his senses and finding a well. I chuck a gold piece in, wishing for more gold, but nothing happens.
( I wonder what that can tell about ME. I wonder what about it is actually useful for me in someway ).
It took them rather longer, looking back, than one might have expected, but they obviously thought very hard, particularly after the second summer, 2007, and said, "We're not going to get anywhere taking on the British soldiers at what they do best; ergo we will find another way".
Dogfish Head Burton Baton 10+%
Also, Jen, if you're going to call out gay bashers, you may wish to start with... Mitt Romney, who gave tons of money directly to the National Organization for Marriage, and who knows how much indirectly through his tithing to the Church of Latter Day Saints. One wonders, too, if Ms. Rubin is prepared to "take on" the intense, insane homophobia spouted by Orthodox Jewish leaders. Something tells me she may just avoid that issue.
Chapter 15 - The Chocolate Room.
I mean, you don't have to be a rocket scientist. You can't make this shit up. My son was labeled autistic when he was 3 years old. The ONLY expert I listened to was Temple Grandin. She led me much more lovingly through trecherous waters than the psychiatrists Ben had. Except for the one who was ADHD himself. He used to tell my son he was the hardest worker he knew. And school is very, very hard for our kids who think differently, who think right-brained, visuallly, as some describe it. These Hunters in a Farmers world.
But this is what I did, and my bathroom was cleaner then than it is now that I have lots of time: I used that playing time (and you really only need five minutes) to get the toilet scrubbed, wiped down, and dried off. Then, since I've used the sink for my water supply, I clean that, using a different sponge, and rinse and dry it off. (Use rag towels for drying.) Wipe off the mirror.
Good musicians are generous always, they share their gifts easily and, when they feel they are understood, they respond in ways that one might never imagine. They are great characters: huge, unpredictable, difficult, inspiring. In all my stories, including ‘Sofía the beautiful,’ these musicians are present, as the central character or, as in this case, as the chorus. My work does not permit me to write as much as I would like, but to write what I like, which is probably more important.
Then the other day we had to start filling them up with the stuff we wanted to store over the Summer. Our dorm allows you to store your stuff in the basement for free so long as you don't own more than four boxes worth of stuff. This was a problem, because I wanted to store basically everything and I own decidedly more than four thirty-five gallon tubs of stuff.
A couple of weeks ago my writing took a bit of a blow; having had a spectacular start to the masters course with A+ grades and general good feelings about my work coming from most angles, I decided to take some risks with my subject matter and style. I thought I had stepped up my game, I felt my prose had taken on a poetic aspect and I was writing the strange, macabre tales I would love to read. But, without any prior notice, my grade dropped rather significantly. Perhaps the risks were a mistake, or perhaps the process of marking creative writing will always be a subjective practice no matter how greatly objectivity is pursued. Either way I didn’t take the criticism very well. I called my friends who met me immediately in the pub for five hours of Articulate (possibly the best board game ever) and copious amounts of cloudy cider. Hugging the toilet bowl the following morning, a promise I had made myself a few years ago not to turn to alcohol in times of rejection/massive self-pity resurfaced. A little too late maybe, but I reaffirmed it that day all the same.
Else, Barbara - THE CASE OF THE MISSING KITCHEN (2003)
I will have more cards to share with you tomorrow so stop by and take a look!
Racehorse ownership allows companies to provide top class networking events for clients and staff – all reclaimable and offering a cost effective method of impressing and rewarding contacts.
Results were gleaned from observations of 1,670 women who worked during pregnancy, of which 68 (four per cent) were exposed to either welding fumes or metal dusts or fumes.
The Choir Press offer self-publishing authors two distinct book-publishing programs, Print on demand or Bookplan. Both of these services include an infinite combination of size, style and materials and they will discuss specific requirements to meet an author’s specifications or budget.
In a letter to the National Association of Convenience Stores and Fuel Retailing and to the New York State Restaurant Association, Schumer urged both associations to offer more beer brewed at the 77 micro-breweries, regional craft breweries, and brewpubs across the state that supports what the senator says is "nearly 60,000 New York jobs."
Favorite sport? (tie) NFL football and distance running
When my children are very young, they are not always able to understand and consider my needs. The friendships may look lopsided, just as some of my adult friendships do when one of us is going through difficult times. But I trust that if my children grow up being treated like my friends, they will know how to be friends. I look forward to great friendships with both of them. A war involves hostages. In some parent-child relationships, the child is almost like a hostage. But friendship does not involve hostages.
Paul Burns—Executive Director, VPIRG
Mina"
On the wall there's some purikura pictures (to make my days better~) and cute little clothespins holding notes. ♥
‘Where conduct occurs via the internet which is liable to infringe a national trade mark registered in a Member State, Article 5(3) of Regulation No 44/2001 must be interpreted as meaning that it attributes jurisdiction:
Designer - Jennie Harper
la la la la..."
I'm so glad you gave it a go.
“Then, what is feasible?” Well, it’s sort of wait-and-see.
I just love all the covers of this series. They are symbolic and yet simple. There's not too much that crowds the cover which is basically how I like them. I've read this series and I've fallen in love and learned to appreciate Lisa's style of writing.
Barley
On its own.
This is a picture of the original hospital. I didn't take a pic of what it looks like today but it's changed dramatically. We have top notch equipment and the latest technology in all departments. We have a new OB dept. that would take your breath away and new operating rooms that rival anything the Cleveland Clinic would have. A hospital to be proud to work at and to go to for care.
delgreco- i like to call you the over poster. you post way too much information on your personal life and it is unnecessary. please stop embarrassing yourself.
Another distinguishing factor in Yoshinkan is the positioning of the Aikidoka’s feet and hips. In other Aikido styles, the Aikidoka would position their body in such a way that the front foot is pointing straight forward while the back foot is at 90 degree angle to the front.
No. Not really! The problem is that I can’t think of anything better to do with my life.
At the end of each one I gave out a list of my favorite funny contemporary YA also. Here's a copy of my handout if anyone is interested-- Kristina's Top Ten Fave Funnies.
Well guys, I'm here suffering from the dreaded Hemsby Flu - the bug that everyone comes back with from the Hemsby Rock'n'Roll festival. Ohh it is a kicker! But I'm feeling rather cheered by the photos of the Hemsby Pin-up Competition
things you can do to your home since we will most likely rent for the next several years.
Since being practically forced into doing a bold lip everyday for work, I've fallen in love with lipstick so much that I continue to do bold lip looks on my days off! I could very easily go months without doing a bold eyeshadow look, but then my blog would be reallllly boring. Thankfully I have quite a few dramatic eye looks backlogged that I can post :)
The strawberries are sending out lots of leaves and blossoms. The Earliglow and Jewel types are showing some fruit set already. The Shuksan should set fruit in the next week. I’m curious how the wild strawberries do in terms of setting fruit. They have a LOT of flowers this year and are everywhere in the berms and paths. I think they are usually pretty shy about setting fruit. Maybe next year will be different once we have the bees…
this pink piece and set it next to the
“The reign of the camera had begun. I cannot pretend that I was aware of the implications of my protracted Saturday afternoon communings with shadows flickering across a screen, but it is certainly true that, increasingly, when I emerged, what was outside took on the character of the pictures I had been looking at, rather than the other way round. All the world in a picture palace.” (69)
I used to envy my younger brother at these times and for a number of reasons. The first being that as he always received his belting second, my dads efforts would be significantly less, having already tired out his swinging arm on me. The second, for some reason no matter how hard the punishment was and how much yelling was going on, my brother had a habit of laughing uncontrollably throughout the whole thing. I now realise that this was probably a nervous laughter, coming out of fear but at the time I just wished that I could have seen even a fracture of the humour I perceived that he was seeing. The third and probably the most valid, my brother was a naughty child, he did do things that were nasty and horrible and inexplicable. He showed no fear in his actions and if he thought something seemed like a good idea at the time, he did it. I envied the fact that even though he was being punished for his actions, at least he had the benefit of having done what he wanted and had fun doing it.
Cover and bake for 45 minutes @350 or 375.
“We hope that his death will inspire the people of Free Derry to continue the fight for Irish freedom and help to realise the dreams of the dead youth,” the IRA said.
I was focused in assisting while his friend on his side kept on talking to me about my school.
 Flemish Red Bine, which was easy to grow and quite disease resistant but coarse and not good for brewing.
No... NO... NOOOOO!!!
On the other hand, there are those that spend an enormous amount of time in the boss’s office. Perched on the edge of their chair, a basket of freshly made muffins and a smile that even Colgate would question. They hang on every word from their beloved leaders’ mouth and pretend like they know what the heck is going on. This, my friend, is a brown noser in the making. Their competence level is strained at best, and they were hired for looks, connections or rate of speech (yes, even novices how to strategically land a job by fast talking their way into the hearts of the decision makers). I used to say this to my oldest as he was growing up. Feel free to use it. Your face will get you in the door; your heart will keep you. I’d modify that slightly for this blog – Your face will get you in the door; your talent will keep you.
Steer clear of deadly fish on New Zealand beaches. Poison from dead fish piling up on New Zealand beaches can kill you in 60 minutes. Deadly fish washed up on New Zealand beaches have prompted health authorities to warning the public to stay away.
I like to listen to Dave Ramsey. I find him to be very encouraging, not only about money, but about life in general. I’d also like to change my view, my family history of money. I don’t want to think of myself as poor. Just because my parents were in debt, and their parents before them, even if they weren’t in debt, were at least very poor, doesn’t have to mean that I can’t be successful financially in my life.
Discovery Channel- Iceman Hunt For A Killer (About Otzi the Iceman)
I see in Forrest Gump the most important qualities for a man to success: faith and persistence. He firmly believes in what he is doing and does everything with his full capacity. When he was young, he was only good at was running. He also enjoyed it. So he ran at his best and got into the football team, which later led him into college. In the Vietnam war, he followed the Lieutenant faithfully and treated him sincerely, which earned him a valuable lifelong friendship. Moreover, he was able to retreat when he could not fight through. He memorized Jenny’s words well: “Never try to be brave”. When one’s in overwhelming danger, the most optimal strategy is indeed saving up one’s energy for a better future.
Singaporeans love to travel and December is the travel peak period. After our free and easy trips for the last two Decembers, this year, we booked a packaged tour to Turkey during the NATAS fair.
known and thought was world.
I am so honored to receive a reward, that I'm proud to share with other blogs I follow, from Susan at The Royal Cook. The rules are simple: Share seven (7) interesting facts about yourself and choose fifteen (15) blogs you love to visit.
is made to spray directly into your own face or mouth
I thought about taking a journey. You know we always want to let everyone back home know how much fun we're having. So...an olden post card to make everyone jealous, um, I mean, to tell everyone how much I miss them! ;) I'm a stinker.
organizations to manage and maintain, simply for the use of particular data. In addition to routine maintenance costs, a cascading amount
nails
My templates have been added to your blog through a gadget. You need to go into your dashboard and select "Design". Look through your gadgets to find the one where you have my html code. "delightfuldots" will be in the wording towards the bottom of the gadget you have set up for my template. Once you find it, you will want to delete the gadget.
I think you’ll find that the first episode of Brew Masters shows Sam Calagione to be a personable, fun-loving but hard-working guy; an image you probably picked up on in the documentary film Beer Wars, as well.
Source: ARC received from author/publisher in exchange for an honest review
Obama’s address was due at 0300GMT from the White House.
Do you believe in Miracles?
heart. When I am weak...He is strong.
All I could get out was, “I need to drink it black more often.”
Even if the flute gets the spotlight for most of the time, TAAB2 is still a progressive rock album at its core. The songs are very well glued together, complex and intricate. Overshadowed by the flute as they might be, the guitars still sound pretty bad ass and the drumming is top notch. Because Ian’s voice is not as good as it was in his youth, he turned to a more mellow, low tone pitched delivery and, frankly, that’s a good thing; it blends very well with the album, and it proves that Ian is the kind of artist that is very aware of his limits and writes his songs accordingly. He hasn’t turned soft, if that’s what you’re thinking, nor has his music suffered a decline in quality – it’s just a tad different from what he used to do and it suits him well.
Just sending money to a few orphanages instead of supporting a holistic approach to social justice that raises the standard of living for everyone is very problematic. It’s bad aid, not smart aid.
(She spent the rest of the afternoon looking through the ads for a replacement shell.)
My 6-year-old self is tickled pink!
You unpack one time and everyday you wake up in a new port!!!
In the top picture, I feel Vanessa Hudgens rocks her double denim look ONLY because the shorts she is wearing are black. Wearing double denim the SAME SHADE looks crappy (in my opinion of course). This picture below I think makes my point. Even though it's a professional ad for jeans--it looks washed out and boring:
Not quite. Sometimes when you cut off a Hydra’s head, another head re-forms – or at least tries too.
But it was shot down. Do you have any idea of the number of bizarre resolutions and bills the throw out there every year? It is insane! And the names. The Reform Education to Produce Future Leaders Act---there was one like that. My wording may be slightly off, but definitely not exaggerated. My version would be toned down, if anything.
Read by deputies Carlos Flores, co-president of the Mexican representatives, and Cuban Tubal Paez, the Joint Declaration highlights the contribution made by these periodical meetings, parliamentary diplomacy, and the legislators of the two nations to the re-composition and strengthening of bilateral bonds.
I'm feeling tipsy now. All I managed to write was flowery smell coming off a low head. It's also orange and cloudy. And like the last one, musty and bready. It's pretty hoppy but with no bite. I wrote 3 stars but I'm not counting that one either.
9 runs looking good
Oh, and I officially hate cold weather. My skin feels like a brillo pad, even after I lotion up. bleh.
Following the guided tour we ended up back outside, in the shade under the roof of the “cafeteria” where the men share meals, prayer and reading from the Bible. Our conversation here lasted for some time and was very enjoyable and humbling.
she will challenge me
Well, I’ll tell you the truth: it beats me! However, I’m not ashamed to admit that Stan Madeley is my kind of man: fearless when the circumstances call for it but with a dash of the romantic when his wife Sandra (54) hits the dimmer switch. He’s also the UK’s top Richard Madeley lookalike and a trained cabaret chisel thrower to boot, so you don’t need me to point out that he’s blessed on more than one front.
AND CROWNS YOU WITH LOVE
“to live out”, by shut belief, the
Given that the film is all about singing, there is of course a litany of catchy tunes waiting to infect your hind brain and refuse to leave for days and weeks to come. Scarily enough, most of them sounded like Lily Allen’s ‘Not Fair’. Sitting watching a kids’ film whilst a song about premature ejaculation plays over and over in your head is a surreal experience to say the least. And not one I would care to repeat.
here i want to clarify,
Wait! Perhaps I should start carrying a Barbie. Maybe she can teach me some fashion sense while my mind turns to pudding in the car rider lane.
Wow! That is a pretty big challenge. There is a reason it is called “the shadow”. It can be a bit scary to take an honest look at what we are feeling and why. Isn’t it easier to sit in judgment and blame someone else than to take 100% responsibility for our own thoughts and actions? Ya, I think so too! But I have realized in recent days, months, years that I need to take 100% accountability for everything that happened or continues to happen in my life. Whether it’s the abuse I endured as a child, the issues in my marriage, or what I perceive to be happening within the roller derby league I was practicing with. This book reiterates what I already believe and that is that “thoughts are things” and we create our own world based on our thoughts. When I think, “Well they don’t like me and are ignoring me and leaving me out because they don’t like me” then it sets that “wish” into motion and sure enough I get more of what I perceived to be true. This just shows me that I am feeling separate from others….separate from my self…separate from God/Love. Where there is separation, there is fear. Where there is fear, there is the shadow. Where there is shadow, there is dis-ease, pain, sadness.
The baby was born, and will live her entire life with this condition. And her parents successfully won a lawsuit alleging she should have never been allowed to live in the first place. The child is now four years old, and as I understand, otherwise healthy.
I also have copies of my books to sell so if you fancy a signed copy, let me know. I do not charge postage and packing!
Hawking suggested black holes were places in the cosmos which swallowed everything. Nothing escapes after it has breached the rim — event horizon — of a black hole. All light, matter, energy, information is sucked in by its (theoretical) huge gravitational pull and is lost. Nothing comes back out.
Grads are encouraged to stop by the library and check on any new scholarship opportunities. Deadlines are fast approaching for the following: Hockey P.E.I., Provincial Legion, Brigitta VanVliet Memorial, Borden-Carleton Legion, R. Alexander Horne Memorial, Community of Borden-Carleton, Consolidated Credit Union, Marine Atlantic, Assumption, St. Dunstan’s, Community Foundation of P.E.I., Rotary, Young Farmers and many more.
International Three-Point Carnival = Drew's international team, composed of Aussies, Finns, Senegalese, and Texans, which loves to shoot as many threes as possible, regardless of shot clock, shooting percentage or defensive match up. See also, Josh Lomers All-Stars.
One day a father gets out of work and on his way home he suddenly remembers that it's his daughter's birthday.
.... wondering how I ended up from Frankfurt to FREDRIKSTAD? ...
1 reflexivity
Try not to eat too many Easter eggs ok?!?!…I will simply look and not touch…mmm?!
Oh, how long will you put off
It isn't a secret that when you become a mom you gain one very mystical and amazing new piece of you but in that laborious transformation you also lose an important commodity...Time. So preparing meals for your family and yourself requires a little bit of creativity.
In this post-apocalyptic whiskey world, the only countries still producing whiskey are Ireland and Canada. Because of...supply line difficulties, rationing, whatever, you must choose one of those two countries to be the source of all of the whiskey that will be able to drink for the rest of your life.
So look, I love it when you get great big superstars into play at a smaller intimate environment such as the Evergreen Hall (in Chilliwack BC). It makes for the most connected, memorable kind of music experience ever, and the dancing is off the charts.
Firstly, the leader, Suho had been a trainee in SM Entertainment for 7 years before debuting. He has seen some of his juniors debut before him and he was deeply hurt every time it happened.
TripleF and I almost never hung out alone, so I was pretty stoked one night when she texted me, asking if I wanted to go to the bar with her–just the two of us. She said she had a friend performing a song at a bar, and needed someone to go with. I had spent all Saturday morning and afternoon in the architecture design studios, and I was definitely ready for some excitement. However, the bright side of working in studio on weekends is that it is very easy to bring your alcohol in with you, which I did. By the time I left studio, I was very happily buzzed, and a couple more drinks would’ve pushed me into the “drunk” category.
There's no point being scared of what I write because I can change it.
Full moon brings about manifestation of, or progress toward our goals. We can see where we are in the process of realization of the plan.
and I thought how it may was
We checked into our hotel that evening and had dinner (thank you Aunt Roxie) in our rooms. The children were (and still are) disappointed that the heated outdoor pool is only open seasonally (still not sure which season) and that the wifi is spotty at best – the teenagers are having the roughest time with this!
There were 5 failures out of the gate. Believe me, despite what people say, you cannot eat all your kitchen wrecks. I persevered and finally made a decent loaf.
I think their orientation was changing. We were really into Tweez, we were totally obsessed with that record. When Spiderland came out, a bunch of us said, "oh, well, I don't know about this..." That's pretty well stood the test of time. I've heard that record a few too many times, for sure, but side one of that you can't even touch. It's just really spectacular. And they did that when they were 20? They were really young when they did that.
or embraced by the cold and unforgiving granite arms of a medieval dungeon
I really like Bethenny Frankel's books on health too.
Get photo lists to photographer
The BNP National Accounts manager, David Hannam, was not available for comment.
Helia Fillipe Saraiva, Instalações Eléctricas Industriais. Porto Is Alive: Media and Creativity in the City of Porto Landscape
The incident has raised concerns for the medical-marijuana community in California, particularly the Harborside Health Center, a regulated dispensary also based in Oakland, which also happens to be the largest in the World. Harborside has had various threats from the IRS over the last two years regarding its business conduct, documented in ‘Weed Wars’, a program broadcast on the Discovery Channel. Assessing the situation from afar it seems noticeable that the authorities chose to attack the university (instead of just a dispensary) – perhaps because of their free licence to spread information on private production of cannabis and profiteering as a business, rather than just selling and distributing the drug. To try and determine the objectives of the authorities and federal agents who organised the raid, their concern on this front seems more understandable; the desire to exercise their power and eliminate personal usage whilst discrediting the facts and existing information.
2. We wanted a subtle gradation with the fuchsia so there was no hard line where the blonde ends and the pink begins. Using a semi-permanent pink color + warm water we created 3 different strength pinks in 3 different bowls. (We used Special FX color in Atomic Pink. Put 2 quarter sized dabs of color in each bowl. Add 1/2 a cup of warm water to one bowl, 1 cup of warm water to the second bowl and 1 1/2 cups of warm water to the third bowl.)
So, households were given nicknames “that reflected either a
Birdcage restaurant opens from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. They offer breakfast everyday from Monday through Sunday. They also have a High Tea. On Sundays they offer desserts for Rp. 25,000 ($2.5) each for High Tea. On Mondays and Tuesdays, a course dinner with selected appetizer, main dish, dessert and ice tea is available for Rp. 80,000 ($9). For everyday lunch, selected main dish with ice tea is available for Rp. 50,000 ($5.5). This selected lunch set menu is available from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Useless Fact: Carman starred in a movie called The Champion. The only thing I know about that movie is that Carman totally makes out with an ex-Mexican soap star. I have GOT to see that movie.
And here's where the second part of bravery comes in.
The dialogue delivery was a pain all through the movie. Dev Patel was an eye sore and the Bollywood style romance with Frieda Pinto seemed utterly out of place. Everything he did rang hollow: every piece of dialogue, every bit of action, everything. Let us be honest. Dev Patel would not last five minutes in a Mumbai slum. It all seemed fictitious and unbelievable to me.
“Our pools are more crammed to the gills than the unit 4 pool at Fukushima Daiichi, much more so,” noted Kamps of Beyond Nuclear. “It’s kind of like a very thick forest that’s waiting for a wildfire. It would take extraordinary measures to prevent nuclear chain reactions in our pools because the waste is so closely packed in there.”
Anyway, enough of my ranting. Austin was delicious and also rad.
Another new sponsor this month who we are really pleased to welcome Addicted to Stamps, do check our the store as they have some fabulous stamps and loads of other inspirational and unusual goodies.
It’s not the cold that peaks me to that I can attest
I believe that the goal should change from making children happy and protecting them from harm to raising them to be independent adults able to problem-solve and cope in the real and sometimes difficult adult world. A safety net can become a trap. Dependence on one’s parents means lack of real security and often results in low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. It's nonsense. Someone has written another book about how kids these days never grow up, and how it's all the parents' fault for being too helpful, too involved, too available. Read more about it here. Apparently, parents need to set more boundaries, have higher expectations, force independence at a younger age. The goal of parenting should be independence instead of happiness?! Dependence leads to low self-esteem?! Security makes us feel insecure?! I disagree.
and bring a little happiness and smile for you
We went ringing at Al Ali Farm in the afternoon last weekend. I had only been ringing at this site once before and it looks like a great site. There are plenty of tall trees, shrubs and open fields and a lot of birds where about. In the trees we set three nets hoping to catch Rufous-tailed Scrub Robin and Common Redstart which were seen in good numbers as we were setting up the nets. We also hoped we could catch a few Ortolan buntings in the grass field as Brendan and Nicole had caught 21 birds there the weekend before in one attempt. As it turned out most of the Ortolan Buntings had moved on and plenty of House Sparrows were in the fields along with a number of Daurian Shrikes and Turkestan Shrikes. Abdulla came for an hour and hoped to catch a Lesser Grey Shrike that he had seen but it evaded the trap and was not caught. …
But my current obsession has to be this tan and ORANGE striped suit by Joseph. How divine is the unexpected jolt of orange running up & down the leg! Blazer $895, pants $395. The one and only U.S boutique is in NYC and the phone number is 212-570-0077, trust me, they are more than happy to ship it to you. :)
Jenny: Smooth power in the defense, feeding the ball where it needs to go with her exceptionally powerful boot. Another of the calm, steady players Thunder was blessed with.
From the tales shortened for kids.
Today was the best TRC day ever! (by the way the trc is where we go to teach investigators) we played some simon say in ukrainian, it took us 30 min just to get out side which the door was only 30 min away. We had the TRC tonight and I taught in 100% ukrainian and I wasnt nervous at all... well I was for the first half then I calmed down and it went really well, we coud even feel the spirit :) I know the Lord helped me today. oh yeah I forgot my Companion Elder Flint traded a B.o.M for a tie haha it was so funny!
Socks are a microcosm of my futile attempts to control my clutter. There they are…piled high in a basket as if they have some meaning in our lives. I never intended to keep orphaned socks forever…I just put them in the basket and waited for the mates to show up so that the orphans could be reunited. My naiveté knows no bounds!
5. Poli High
so durable, no heart is free from the pain of time.
and charming.
Yet….
Liquid will pool at the bottom of the bowl as it sits while you are making the pancakes. It is best to stir the mix before placing the pancakes in the pan but don't worry about trying to incorporate all the liquid. When cooking the pancakes use a slotted spoon or spoon it out in a way to leave the liquid in the bottom of the bowl. It will continue to collect
Deschutes Brewery Jubelale
On Saturday 07 April 2012 as previously mentioned briefly in this post (so this is sort of a repeat/recap), I received a package of 2011 Allen & Ginter Minis from Nick at Dime Boxes. I had sent him about 50 Vladimir Guerrero cards from Vlad's Expos years (a "Vlading" as it were it in reference to "Bipping" except I didn't send multiple duplicates, I think I only sent one dupe) and in the brotherly Trading Card Universe way he returned in kind, minus the Bipping er Vlad-ing by sending me 20 A&G Minis. I'll repeat the list of goodies and then highlight a few of them front and back.
The girls and I tried a new cake recipe a few weeks ago for Jeremys birthday.
Substantial, you’d think.
Spinach Salad with Steamed Vegetables & Grilled Chicken
13″You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again? It is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and trampled by men.
"Yup!" He replied, as he danced around to whatever music was playing in his head.
The Minister recalled the finding of Prof Hargreaves that lack of good advice and high cost are problems for SMEs, and also referred to Digital Copyright Exchange (DCE) (See later talk from Richard Hooper).
Erle and I suddenly decided it was a great time to go for a walk up the hill behind us, its such a perfect day, too nice to stay inside for long, so off we went.
But then, we hit the kicker--tort liability and the potential undermining of the First Amendment. We've already seen several high profile libel cases in recent years. Remember Carol Burnett v The National Enquirer, Inc? This was a landmark case, especially for celebrities, who had been spectacularly unsuccessful in libel cases prior to this. What made the case so important was the court's determination that the Enquirer had employed "actual malice" and that, because they didn't comply with the California regulations for newspapers, and as thus were liable for punitive damages despite the retraction they'd printed. After some pretty strenuous searching on my part, I haven't found any undermining of the First Amendment due to this tort liability. (I have, however, noticed that the National Enquirer has been tippy-toeing in its claims about celebrities since.)
I noticed that this is a popular item amongst the customers.
It's gratifying that Michigan adults are now going to be treated the same as adults are treated in Ohio and Indiana, at least as far as fireworks go.
Wow, you have to be a special kind of awful to mold someone’s mind… I mean, it’s bad enough that kids today play video games until portions of their brain go into a catatonic state but to add mold into the mixture…
Then there's the stuff that isn't about hitting -- Cameron was a much faster and better base runner -- he stole almost 300 bases in his career, and he scored runs at about the same rate as Rice even though he hit 100 fewer home runs one his career. Cameron hit into 200 fewer double plays than Rice.
Open mind for a different view
Further Kompany says Manchester derby this time is drawing attention of the world. Currently he is almost the same as the derby El Clasico. Belgian player has even cited the enormous impact that this derby to Indonesia.
my friends. I didn't know that I would walk away
Since my Washington, D.C. address and the writing of this article, I conducted two vitally important pieces of research work on Dr. Bob and his younger years in St. Johnsbury, Vermont. First, my son and I visited St. Johnsbury, Vermont twice over a total period of three weeks. We were able to find literally thousands of relevant records, manuscripts, books, sermons, teachings, newspapers articles, and other writings that showed the immense Christian upbringing Dr. Bob had as a youngster in Vermont. His upbringing involved the Great Awakening of 1875 which preceded his birth but impacted on the entire community of St. Johnsbury. It involved his Congregationalist parents and their indoctrination of Bob with facts about salvation and the Word of God. It involved the North Congregational Church of St. Johnsbury, Vermont where the entire Smith family attended church services at least 4 times each week. The father was a Deacon, a member of the Executive Committee, and a Sunday school teacher. The mother helped write a history of the church, headed its Christian education program, sang in the choir, and was active in many church activities. The Young Men’s Christian Association, as well as the Young People’s Society of Christian Endeavor, played a major role in the church; and the YMCA, of which Bob’s father was President, was also active in St. Johnsbury Academy which Dr. Bob attended.
Sauté the peppers and mushrooms in a skillet for about 5 minutes until they become tender.
Mr Wmm: It's starts to, but then it stops & does nothing.
It's a wonderful life : )
If only he had banged himself, the dream would be as near reality as possible I think.
In order to infuse a bit of Irish culture into our wedding, after the rehearsal dinner we decided to have a traditional seisiún (session) with a live Irish band and lots of Guinness and Irish Coffee. It was wild and we had all the guests doing ‘Riverdance’ type moves all night! The day of the wedding we rented a red double decker bus to take the wedding party and our families to and from the ceremony, it was a hit! Definitely went along with our vintage Ireland theme. We also included some traditional Irish dishes like Leek & Potato soup and Irish Smoked Salmon on the dinner menu.
Here’s what I can’t control:
so i just have to clench my teeth + shake instead.
I founded Naadyn (old bandname Tape3000) in 2007. All songs are written and produced by myself. I started to learn some programs and composed melodies with a synthesizer (Microkorg). Over the years my music changed and I finally found what my sound should be like. I still record melodies, work a lot to find the right arrangement and add my voice. But the way how I produce my songs is basically the same: Sitting in my room, dim light, a computer and a synthesizer, some chocolate, three cats and a night that becomes a day.
Hola from Peru! We are the May Peru trip leaders Jess and Holly. We have had an incredible first few days and are excited to have started placements. We have had the wonderful opportunity of being able to watch the participants experience new relationships, new opportunities, and immerse themselves in the Peruvian culture. This week we are working on the construction of a daycare in Pacifico de Villa, as well as assisting at Laura Alva Saldana; a school for children with exceptionalities, and teaching English to children at Juan Pablo and Cristo Rey schools. I (Jess) have been working at Laura Alva Saldana with four participants, where I would assist them with communicating with the teachers and students. While I (Holly) have been working at Juan Pablo and Cristo Rey, assisting participants as they teach children English at the primary and secondary level. We would like to turn it over to a few of our participants, as they will be sharing some of their experiences this week. We encourage you to follow along with us on our amazing journey.
If the book had fulfilled the promise it showed in the beginning, I might have given it five stars, but it has several serious flaws. One, as I have pointed out above, is its didacticism verging on propaganda for an oppressive regime. Another is that there are some serious unexplained plot holes.
The mistress stated: “Ah! me too, the other night I met my lover in the office and I was wearing the leather bodice, mega stilettos, mask over my eyes and a raincoat, when I opened the raincoat… he did not say anything…..but we had wild sex all night.”
put cornstarch and sugar in a saucepan. add lemon juice and water and whisk til smooth. heat on medium heat, whisking constantly until thickened and pudding like.
I will be back with the finished layout and the pins.
I really like the world itself. The Wall, the Others and all the Houses and their strongholds are really imaginative and I can’t wait to read more about them.
H. Guimard
Punch : Floral Vine Deep Edge Punch by Martha Stewart
Toyota
01. Taurus/Gemini people tend to be richly sensual, enjoy the good things in life and are fascinated with gathering as much information as possible. Their facility as communicators is unmatched.
The piece of grey ticking I had seen at the fair was draped over a garden chair - even better than I had remembered it - on the table was another piece of red and beige striped ticking, my heart missed a beat.
Five different performances in one and half year, it's really nice !!!
I’m sure that the two players described above hope that their rookie seasons come close to that of the previous years number 1 pick. If they do we will all know that these sleazy shock news reports were just draft fodder to drum up controversy right before 8pm April 26, 2012 at Radio City Music Hall in New York, NY.
$9 shipping for that??? Really? I couldn't find any online store that could get it to me for less than $27 total. I posted a facebook message to my cake club to see if I could borrow someone's. The club president reminded me of a trick that was demonstrated at one of our meetings a while back: use all-thread.
I was dealing with a planning application in the Mapesbury Conservation area. Someone wanted to build a garage to house their vintage cars, the neighbour violently objected.
But he's also a writer of tough guy, Ludlumian fiction, with titles like The Apocalypse Directive, and America's Last Days: A Novel, and with his latest book, he's facing the same dilemma confronted by every tough guy American writer from James Fenimore Cooper to Ernest Hemingway to Norman Mailer: dismissive online reviews that seek to weaken his main character's bladder control.
“Designed by Stefan Antoni Olmesdahl Truen Architects (SAOTA), this villa named “First Crescent” is a stunning minimalist home commanding a 270 degree view of Lions Head, Campus Bay and the Atlantic Ocean. The living spaces are highly transparent to take full advantage of the views.”
Home is not where you hang your hat. Home is where you were born and where YOUR people Live (with a capital L). It is that place you come back to after you have explored the distant horizons to find comfort in the familiar.
For example, back in early February, Jason and I attended a country music concert put on by Miranda Lambert and Brad Paisley. I am not the country music fan in the family, so it was a bit of a unique experience for me. But we are over a month past the concert, so I feel like it would be wrong to blog about it now! So, instead, I will give you these "gems" that I felt it was necessary for my readers to know. (If they don't make sense to you, that's okay. I probably don't remember what was meant by them, either.)
My mom and my oldest daughter had birthdays earlier this week (my daughter missed being born on Mom's birthday by one hour and 25 minutes)I created this one for my daughter, using the same faux ribbon technique:
I stumbled across a number of modern quilting blogs and was just floored by the bold use of colour and pattern, and the striking difference between these quilts (and quilters) and the more traditional ones I knew quite well from my graduate work in Folklore (material culture studies was one of my secondary fields). I had never considered quilting before,
So why did Kunt and The Gang get nominated for the Malcolm Hardee Cunning Stunt Award for best publicity stunt promoting a performer or show at the Fringe?
Lightly coat an 8 x 8 inch baking pan with cooking spray.
Did you know that Target has all their Big Toy Coupons also online? So if you want to get two of something you can use the one from your book and then print off another copy from their website.
The fact that the 10-year period certain option costs very little extra is a factor, too, he says. For example, a $100,000 SPIA purchased by a 65-year-old man above would pay roughly $574 a month if he buys a $100,000 life-only SPIA, but only $23 less ($553 a month) if the SPIA is a life with 10-year period certain products.
I’m writing a poem called ‘Purple Pain’ which i will be adding shortly, so if anyone has any names of obscure purple things… get in touch.
1 pray
ThoughtYouShouldKnow.com
Add chocolate chips, and stir.
What are the most frequently played songs on your iPod or other music thing? I’ve mostly just listened to Pandora since getting an iPhone, so I thought this would be an interesting snapshot of my musical tastes from the not-so-distant past.
Entire communities devastated? All ADL pro-hate law propaganda from America to Europe to Australia allege that a hate crime is worthy of at least triple penalties because it savages not only the victim but "tears whole communities apart." Such may have occurred in some instances during post-reconstruction lynchings in the American South. But when was the last time you read of such social devastation resulting from a hate crime in America?
This was a scene that completely caught me by surprise and really is horrific.
Yes I signed for the class! And it’s awesome, there is so much information there – even when I thought ‘I know how to do that’ I still have learned few tricks; or a better way of doing things. I am still waiting for the pattern to arrive though (I wonder how long that will take?).
Her fed-up father Setev Shaariibuu has sent yet another tracer to Malaysia’s growingly notorious courts, where his latest letter is bound to suffer the same fate as previous reminders – suppression and total silence! This time, however, Setev and his wife Altantsetseg Sanjaa have taken the additional step of appealing to Malaysian lawmakers for justice.
I had to buy this. I might even keep it, as a quick look on Amazon shows that it won't make my fortune.
Whatever your heart desires,
And when Stuckey talks about whether “the city steps up,” he’s certainly not endorsing an open bidding process or ULURP, either of which might have delivered a project that gained more public support and delivered affordable housing earlier.
I’m trying to stay rational about this. Guys talk shit about girls all the time, and they like to brag about their conquests. Part of what he was saying to Jason was complimentary. But I re-read that shit at least a dozen times to make sure I wasn’t overreacting, and I’m pretty sure I know what I saw. And of course he’s busy at work today so he isn’t able to text me back like he usually would be able to, which is going to mean this will drag out all fucking day.
½ cup finely diced sweet onion
Serving bowl
That said, when I go back and think about how the film was edited, I’d be hard-pressed to say what I would add back in while keeping the violence level toned down — not a lot of gore in the film as opposed to the book — and the film at a reasonable length. Visually, I thought the movie was spot on, too.
Business owners were receiving calls from India with the same promise as before. A day after the old IP address had stopped accessing the site a new IP address, 74.125.63.33, made 17 645 requests, 15 554 of which were to business profiles.
Rudyard Kipling achieved fame quickly, based initially on his first stories and poems written in India (he returned there after College), and his great popularity with the British public continued despite subsequent critical reaction to some of his more conservative work, and critical opinion in later years that his poetry was superficial and lacking in depth of meaning.
I'm all about the repeat offenders this week. Monday Mood-Lifters is followed by, Thursday Say What! If you're a darling and read regularly, you know that I enjoy the occasional swear word. By occasional, I of course mean, every three words.
* Hosting Republican candidates to speak to the group members.
SOPA would make the streaming of unauthorized content a felony and websites that violate it could be blocked by Internet Service providers and payment processors as well as de-indexed by search engines.
Also, I know that a couple of people asked me to keep them posted on how the zine was going, so I'll give a litle update on that! About 30 people have said they will, or probably will, contribute to the zine, which is really exciting! I've actually received 5 different things from 3 different people, and am hoping to get more stuff soon... ;-) So that's going well.
Society encourages us to think of boobs as somehow separate from the woman they’re attached to, is the problem. For men this probably makes life easier – they can enjoy staring at boobs without feeling awkward, because they can turn off their awareness of the woman the boobs are attached to. But for women it creates massive cognitive dissonance, because it’s bizarre to think of part of yourself as essentially disembodied. And for women who’re bi it’s even weirder, because we have the same “stare at boobs” impulse as straight men do, but we also know what it feels like to be on the receiving end of the stare.
Ever since the first time I saw a photo of one, I have been fascinated with them.
Throughout the album, there are moments of musical bliss that supersede any of the narrative or thematic content, such as the violins swelling up ecstatically at the 2:05 marker of "Saro", the many extended rings of piano and banjo in "Wild Bill Jones", the crack of Amidon's voice as he stretches for the high notes in "O Death", or the growing sense of anticipation expressed by the growing number of instruments in "All is Well". Nico Muhly, whose 2008 watermark of modern classical Mothertongue was among the many albums I considered for this Record Club pick, has an instinctive feel for orchestration that seems to be heightened when paired with other artists, so much so that as much as Muhly's sensibilities challenge Amidon, Amidon's spare folk forces Muhly to temper his sometimes madcap and unrestricted tendencies. Combining the legato string arrangements of Arvo Pärt, the fluttery bells and whistles of Sufjan Stevens, and the forceful repetitions of Phillip Glass yet maintaining a distinctive oddness of his own, Muhly brings surprising beauty to these songs, a measure of pastoral charm and fairy-tale whimsy that is able to dance around Amidon's voice in unpredictable but never overbearing ways. Furthemore, Valgeir's touches, less noticeable but no less affecting, offer subliminal hints of modern electronica and electro-acoustic improvisation, not to mention his high-fidelity engineering of the record gives great room for the instruments to reverberate in space.
We did have several other children who did respond and received Christ. We praise God for those decisions! We gave away 4 new Bibles to those who brought the most visitors. The winner was Lisa who brought 7 in the 4 days we hosted VBS. We gave away a lot of stuff such as survival kits, silly bands, spy glasses, clothes, other Bibles, and all our decorations. Be sure to ask your student what their experience was in giving away stuff!
Driven shows all the hallmarks of Sallis’ succint prose and spot on pacing. However, the ambiguous plot points wore thin after awhile. Instead of opening up the text, the atmospheric, cerebral writing closed it off. But maybe I just wasn’t in the right mood for this book at the time I read it. Maybe I was searching for easy reading, a paint by numbers. (I read this after running a half-marathon. It’s hard to enjoy a book when phantom wildebeests are shredding your calf muscles with horn and head.)
Then there are all those audacious benefits — stuff teachers bargained their wages away for and now are losing at disgraceful rates because people like glennk think since they’re taking it up the ass, so should the rest of the 99%.
i know that you (ms.winner) have recently given up eating bread and sugar.
Nevertheless, the Advocate General does not conclude from this that the resale of user licences should be held to be valid. He submits that such resale is precluded since the principle of exhaustion relates to the right of distribution and not the right of reproduction, and the assignment of Oracle's user licences allows UsedSoft's customers to reproduce the computer program by creating new copies, in particular, by connecting to Oracle's website.
But the more I thought about it, the less the story hung together:
If the drunk driver was not at a bar or other business that serves alcohol before the crash, there is still the possibility of filing a claim through auto insurance. And in many cases, the drunk driver will also be punished in a criminal court. Although being found guilty for criminal charges can increase the likelihood of a civil personal injury case succeeding, you may still need the help of a drunk driving accident injury lawyer to deal with adjusters and use all the evidence correctly.
Filthy rags was the term used for a used menstrual cloth or in our day and age a dirty tampon!
Ink: Palette Noir
Mat Stack #3 die
“It won't take long.”
We have a problem with learning. The problem with learning is the letting go of old ideas, not so much grasping new ones. That and we think we already know it all.
As we were leaving the appointment we received an awesome, unexpected blessing. I had already climbed into the backseat of the car with Nora. William was about to get in when a woman parked next to us rolled down her window. “Excuse me,” she said, “I just wanted to let you know that we’ve been praying for you!” She had never met us, only recognized us from the blog, yet boldly decided to speak out. By doing so she completely made our day! We had permanent smiles etched on our faces at yet another example of just how many lives little Nora has touched. Thank you, Jennifer for your courage in saying something to us and for praying for us! That was awesome!
The kind attendant gave me my drink. I took my little cup of spicy tomato juice... one sip, two sips, set it down and THEN!!... while reaching for it a third time, I some how managed to bump the cup over onto the top of the tray and spill out its contents!!!
Cook the onions and peppers in the hot oil until soft. Add the garlic and tinned tomatoes. One the sauce is simmering again, add the chicken stock a bit at a time as the liquid evaporates. The 'sauce' should be thick, moist and glossy when served.
Bm F#m
The effect you have on me physically… is magical.
Even if we didn't have the HRA, we would still be a signatory to the ECHR, and it's very difficult to see how they would get around this, but one effect of scrapping the HRA would be that the only way HR breaches could be remedied would be by the European Court of Human Rights - and this is a remedy that is very time and labour consuming - not to mention way too intimidating for most pro-bono/legal aid lawyers, who usually take breaches to the UK courts (with the ECtHR being at the top of the appeals process).
As always, Grace, Peace and Much Love.
All in all, Hopscotch was a great childhood game. I may not have been a great rock tosser, but I had fun, and isn’t that what really counts? I hope to play it again one day.
I took it. Obviously.
following assist to Manu for a crowd-rearing three. The half would end with a lot of good defense, and a 56-52 Spurs lead.
I’m getting there and I highly recommend taking a pay cut.
Pinterest lets users organize and share images or videos that interest them from the Web. Users will segment their boards into different categories in order to keep their images and video organized. Since this is an open/viral community, what this means for our clients is that people browse pinboards created by other people. The point being discovery – users can discover new items and gain inspiration from others.
Relationships: Whoever you are, you need a support system. Relationships are vital to your health. You need to lovingly weed those negative people out of your garden. Negativity is toxic. If you are eating raw organic vegan and jogging ten miles, and then going home and being verbally abused, your health is still going to suffer. Everyone has a responsibility to take care of her own garden. Bless those negative people and love yourself enough to extract yourself from that situation. If you need help, get it.
It really wasn't until I got quite a bit older that I fully understood how much antipathy some people had for the DH and how National League fans were pretty certain that their league was the only one playing "pure" baseball. Funny: As a kid I had always thought National League baseball was kind of boring. I mean, you give me a choice to watch Rico Carty wind his bat and glare down a pitcher or watch Buzz Capra bunt … that was no contest for me.
If you are looking for Beer Bars, Paris has you covered. I only went to the ones with many taps, but there are plenty of good places to drink. And if you're an American, there's plenty you probably had not tried even at the bars in the Latin Quarter.
Remember, a pitch is a teaser paragraph with the sole purpose of getting an editor or an agent to ask for more sample pages because they just have to read on.
some forty years ago
I see that ethics have all but been vanquished in the workplace, leaving only the least empathetic personalities to fill positions of usury and greed, and causing a form of stress that can only be described as a forced and burdensome moral subversion for those who otherwise might be content in an ethical and moral occupation. But most of our current employment opportunities require the very subversion of the people they are hired to help - be it “customer service”, “sales”, a “government representative”, or an “agent” of one form or the other, from insurance to collections to police to court workers. And like Pavlov’s Dog we are set forth on our workweek with a reward system, earning incentives and bonuses for the number of other people we can hurt for a profit; judged by how many worthless financial products or insurance policies we can unload through high pressure sales techniques that are required learning by unscrupulous corporations.
Stay warm everyone!
I though I'd have a digi tips week this week, sharing some thoughts and ideas about digital kits and products and creating hybrid cards. I hope some of you may find it useful.
Changing the world through the right choices
and ignore this one!
Leaning back the only thing remaining supported is the head.
“His name is daddy duh.” Emily laughed, swinging her feet harder under the table and kicking it a little. Taking a sip from her chocolate milk, Emily held the glass high in the air, some of it dripping from the sides of her mouth when she pulled it away.
I'm back... but the new laptop is taking some getting used to - as some of you may have noticed I managed to publish a post with no text lol! I'll get the hang of it I suppose!
Maybe it's because i'm crazy
Thank you so much for the warm welcome teamies.
When I exposed the answer, a number of the students asked “how can that be”, and a couple of students attempted to explain it to them. I even heard one use the term “exponential”. I will count that part of the exercise as a success.
Net result? Most computer programmers are guys. Not because they’re naturally more talented at it, and not even (entirely) because there are sexist barriers to entry to that field, but because when this generation of girls was ten years old, they were told by the media that tech is a boys’ world, and that the world to which they should aspire centers around housekeeping, looking pretty and breeding. Even if no one else in her life told her she couldn’t be a programmer, she’s unlikely to pursue that career because not enough people told her she could.
Comment #547 - Marti Parks (confirmed)
The deep loneliness inside,
I thew her a small birthday party with an owl theme in mind. Everything came together and she had a wonderful time. I bought one of those paper packs from Michaels that has coordinating sheets (I think about 120?) and it made all the crafting super easy. Here are the details, thanks for looking!
promise to be on my best behavior! Later I read that he was going through a divorce so that would have explained his less than happy mood. It also taught me a lesson as a fan and certainly as a reviewer and that is, “It’s not about me.” When I meet with an author, I try to keep my mouth
Or did you know better about the worth of these young people before you took it upon yourself to mar what should have been one of the highlights of their lives? Did you know for a fact that, if it was indeed an alliance of brains and money that got them to university, it was money that hadn’t been toiled for long and hard by parents for whom no sacrifice was too great?
Pat Summitt to me is like the Phil Jackson of college basketball. Jackson is one of the greatest coaches in NBA history and won 11 NBA championships as a head coach. And he knows how to coach a team. Like Jackson, Pat is like a direct replica of Jackson except she is a female. You put these two on the same team coaching, that team should win every year.
Germany’s EU commissioner Günther Oettinger said Europe should send blue helmets to take control of Greek tax collection and liquidate state assets. They had better be well armed. The headlines in the Greek press have been “Unconditional Capitulation”, and “Terrorization of Greeks”, and even “Fourth Reich”. #6 Everyone knows that Greece simply cannot last much longer without continued bailouts. John Mauldin explained why this is so in a recent article….
But in the meantime, I am hoping to resurrect my Frenzified Digi site, after it has long been sitting untouched for months. So, what Digi's would you like to see? Baby, Christmas, Halloween, Girly, Boy...you name. What would you like to see?
“Watanabe out,” the other general closed the connection.
A couple of evenings ago I watched a documentary on TV about Tony Onley. I was inspired by something that Jack Shadbolt said. It was not his words per se but the cultural attitude that he and Onley had about ‘art’ last century – specifically painting. I mused that it would be so fun if there was a daily TV show on interviewing eclectic people about art. Some interviewees could be ‘experts’ – professors of art history, painting, art criticism; some gallery owners, curators, jurists; practitioners of contemporary art; or art collectors of all stripes. Others could include exhibition opening visitors and supporters, those who have never been to a gallery or artists discussing various topics including directions in their current work. Let’s get back the passion people. Onley, Shadbolt, Wyman and others discussed painting with enthusiasm.
But now . . . at least for a few days . . . I can strut my true self . . . resplendent in bright colours . . . and ginghams galore. And this evening, I'm just sitting here . . . looking at my rolling rack. Making last minute changes. A few minor substitutions. And awaiting the chance to get dressed.
Is he happy? By most measurements, yes, he believes he is. However, he has not forgotten the last chorus of Oedipus: Call no man happy until he is dead.
That should be the beginning.” (David says).
There are a few tactics used to gain subscribers. Some sites hit you with a popup as soon as you come to it, asking you to subscribe. I for one abhor these popups (to spite claims they work), because if I haven’t even read your content yet, no way am I going to start handing you my information (even tho I am sure you will respect all my privacy). Some people put content plugs in their material for subscribers (it is on the right, it says “Follow the madness.”). But I have my doubts shameless plugs will do it either.
so what the hell have I been doing you may be asking (or not), living each day to the fullest and savoring every moment (blah blah blah). ok I have my good days and then the occasionally bad one too. baby girl is getting so BIG! it just makes me want to cry as she is growing up so fast. she now has TWO teeth (teething = stressful mommy) and the hair, is well still not so much there but it is growing (just very slowly..)
Really?! She fell for your BS? She thinks you have changed? Or maybe you haven’t told her the whole truth about what you did to me – and who you really are. Really?!
The Grounding of Group Six by Julian F. Thompson, 1983: Five high school students discover that their parents have sent them away to boarding school not for an education but to be murdered. Fun!
A: … why not?
Vanilla gets such a bad wrap, I really dislike that quote about people being described as 'very vanilla'. Bah, they are obviously talking about E numbers replacement for vanilla, as the real deal is such a sophisticated yet straightforward flavour.
1158 **D-III/25(B)/1993. “Lessons from Plutarch: What the Framers of the United States Constitution Took for Granted in the Training of the American People.” The Wayne Quinlan Lecture, The School of Law, Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Chaired by Robert H. Henry, Dean of the School of Law. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 44-69. See, also, ibid., pp. 1-15.)
You believe in the "Sea of Possibilities"
“That was something funny”, he said, “but I am sure that this comment is nothing else than just a good joke from you as I know you really appreciate true art.”
DUANE EDDY – DESERT SONG
Well that's now eleven of the twenty-four challenges done......thirteen to go!!! :) Thanks for visiting!!!!
Well, maybe this is my mother’s side in me revealing itself. Asians normally practice a winner takes all and loser loses all culture. You wipe out all your enemies and their family members for seven generations. The British prisoners of war, however, salute their German captors who are higher in rank than them. Yes, you might be a prisoner of the Germans, but if that German officer is senior in rank to you, then you salute him. That is the British way.
~ Mention Little Nipper Books, Miss Mandy Manners or this giveaway on your blog or Facebook and leave a link to your site. (1 entry)
Ok, I will work on figuring out how to get photos on this thing and how to work on my writing so it doesn't read like a list. Sorry, I write very little these days and most of it really is my running to do list I keep. Speaking of, I need to get on that list and check on the boys. They have been very quiet and that is always suspicious:)
Charles Fishman, author, The Big Thirst
This bracelet comes in 7 different colors! you will get to pick the color you like!
1 T. vegan cane sugar for garnish
Boiling water- 1/2 cup (add 1/2 a tsp instant coffee powder once it starts boiling)
The card is embellished with gems, ribbons, heart doilies, metal filigree corners and the backing papers are from a free cd (magazine freebie).
maybe hit the 3 dozen mark...or is this enough?
Tora! Tora! Tora! tells both sides, the Japanese and American, to the Pearl Harbor attack during World War II.
Farm Kid #2: I help with those in the garden, they make great pickles too!
Discipline in schools is important to ensure a positive learning environment for all. I think clear, applicable, and relevant policies outlining behaviors and consequences is one way to ensure students and teachers feel safe to learn. These policies should be school (and perhaps even district) wide, applied consistently, and be fair to all students. Every student has the right to learn in a safe and secure environment and teachers deserve to teach in safe and secure schools.
Many forms of art were born as forms of contestation. Many of them made it to the highest levels of society driving this artists to wealth and love
stamps: papertrey ink - soak up the sun; random michael's dollar store happy birthday
Here are the samples of the 3 cards we will be making at my next Stamp Class. I had a request for wedding cards so we will be making 2 wedding cards and 1 Valentine's Day card.
Hi Jennifer,
I AM BECOMING A BETTER TRADER
Spring: comedy. Weddings, apple blossom, maypoles, no more misunderstandings—away with the old, on with the new.
Somewhere in the middle there I gave up on this book, and didn’t write a word for almost a year. I thought I was done. It was just too hard, and I wasn’t cut out to be a writer. In fact, that was part of the logic in going to South America. I thought if walking down those streets again couldn’t rekindle the fire I first felt, nothing would. It was a gamble, but when you got nothing, you got nothing to lose.
Given the amount of financial stimulation that the Fed has pumped into the economy with limited apparent impact along with the recently stated willingness to do even more raises a fairly large red flag. While such action may keep interest rates artificially low, they have been at these low levels for some time with little economic improvement to show for it given the magnitude of the cash infusion. This is much like has been the case for decades in Japan. While these low rates may force savers to abandon fixed income to buy equities in search of a better return, to me this inflation of the stock market is artificial (although as the saying goes it is difficult to fight the tape).
As I went down the stairs and was marching out the door a young, pretty woman came up to me and introduced herself. She said she was Laurel Wescott Rancitelli and was running for City Council and asked if I would sign her nomination papers. She told me her campaign motto is, "A Vote for Rancitelli is a Vote for Change!" I asked her about her education and she said she has a high school diploma and an Associate's Degree from STCC. I asked her why she didn't continue her education and she replied that she got such an attractive opportunity to work at a Catholic school that she couldn't turn it down. I regret that I didn't ask her position on birth control, but I signed her paper anyway and she seemed grateful, saying that she was just beginning her campaign.
My wife and I are one of many same-sex couples who lived under a strange compromise. I'll try to recap succinctly. We married in Massachusetts on December 31, 2004. Our marriage was legally invalidated by judges because we were not residents of Massachusetts, and there was a law against letting out-of-state couples marry there if their marriage would be illegal in their home state. (The original intent of the law was to prevent interracial couples from traveling out-of-state to marry in Massachusetts, which demonstrates how intertwined all sorts of oppression are.) Then that law was overturned, and around the same time, the State of New York began to honor marriages that had been contracted *out* of state. As in, one couldn't legally marry a same-sex partner in New York, but could marry out of state. L'Ailee and I went back to Massachusetts as close as we could to our anniversary and re-married.
We both saw the couple across the street watching, but it only made us fuck harder!
For quite awhile it seemed that my teenagers' only "subject" was bodyboarding! Outside of that it seemed they just "loafed around", spent time on Facebook, watched TV etc. I felt concerned for awhile. OK, I admit it, I was very concerned. I was worried that they "weren't learning anything". I kept suggesting things they could be "doing" but was usually met with a less-than-enthusiastic response. I kept trying to think of ways to bring more things into their life in keeping with their passion. I subscribed them to bodyboarding magazines (English: check), I bought a book they seemed interested in called "The Science of Surfing" (English/Science: check) etc...... I'm sure those things helped, but what was most important, I think, was to really learn to TRUST. Not to fear.
There are a number of things that new tenants usually discover soon after signing a lease — pipes that leak, mice in the walls, noisy neighbors, angry ghosts that haunt the premises. A family in New Jersey is suing their landlord over one of these reasons… take a guess which one it is.
“If I had a Garmin, let’s say
It is funny how many people that I interact with on an almost daily basis have commented that they didn't feel that they really knew me until they read my blog. I guess you could say that I am a bit socially reclusive. I am, believe it or not, shy. Once I get to know you and feel comfortable, all bets are off, but until I break through that barrier of fear, in person I probably seem a little stand-off-ish.
Assemble the panini by spreading on one side of each slice of bread the olive tapenade. Place the eggplant on 4 slices on bread. Top that with tomato, roasted red bell pepper and mozzarella cheese and top the 4 slices with the other bread tapenade side down. Lightly brush bread with olive oil and place on grill or panini press until golden.
But she’ll know she’s done right
That’s usually where the conversation ends.
machinery that gives abundance has left us in want.
1. In nonstick 12-inch skillet, heat 2 teaspoons oil over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook 30 seconds.
Seriously, this dessert is soooo good! If you are grilling, pop those peaches on the grill! My dinner guest loved it and literally couldn’t believe that it only took me 5 minutes to prep in the kitchen while they were relaxing. And, if you have any left overs the roasted fruit was super yummy the next morning on my yogurt!
My plan was to loosely follow the Couch-to-5K Running Plan, but I couldn’t even do the 60 seconds required on the first week! Definitely not if I wanted to be out there for 20 minutes. I quickly discovered I couldn’t really run more than 30 seconds at a time, so I started there, and I’m already up to 45 seconds! (Go to My Training to see more details)
A normal pregnant woman's blood glucose levels never go above 120 mg/dL, nor do they dip under 70 mg/dL. With GD blood sugar may go as high as 200-300 mg/dL. Here's a compairson of how a normal, prediabetic and diabetic's blood glucose levels look like after eating. Gestational diabetes is similar to being diabetic or pre-diabetic.
Me, being the beer geek I am, always show near opening, so thankfully they had everything still available. Sadly anyone arriving at, well lets say a normal beer drinking hour (maybe you had lunch first and arrived at say 2pm), arrived to empty taps and long arse lines. I just don't understand advertising a beer fest and running out of most of your beers half way through, poor planning? or were they thinking.. the hop heads of Portland probably won't turn out for a hop festival? come on really... I hope they refunded people.
You have stooped to a new level of low.
The lost twin.’
So let’s be clear here. Child rape is a-ok with Bill Donohue, but dressing a nun character in a sexy swimsuit is UNACCEPTABLE! Way to prioritize, Bill.
After I organized Apple's closet, Gwyneth loved it so much, that she contacted her good buddy Oprah to tell her about it. Oprah was so impressed that she decided to do a feature on it in her magazine. She also asked me to organize her shoe room. I did that for 100,000 and she was so thrilled with it she tried to kiss me full on the mouth, before her bodyguard had the audacity to tackle ME to the ground, breaking my arm.
This was profound, because hitherto, I’d kind of always just thought of myself as ‘ma and pa’s daughter’ in the wider context of our community. And of course I was and am, but with the newsletter, I was forming my own identity. I could contribute something of value and I felt as though I was being held in a new way. I felt my roots strengthen in a way they never had before – I’d always taken for granted that they were there, but had never really felt them before.
His fellow golfers on the PGA tour and one of his largest former sponsors, Accenture, weren’t too pleased with the statement coinciding with round 3 of that weekend’s tournament. Well, tough.
Hattie McCarthy
Accessories: Scallop Square Punch and Pumpkin Pie Striped Grosgrain Ribbon
The horror, oh the horror. Here I was rushing through some movies to catch any 2011 movies I watched, and then I stumbled upon three movies that took the wind from my sails. I’m now done, I’ve got my top ten list ready for 2011 and I will post it up on Saturday before the end of the year. So I’m guessing some of you out there are wondering what three movies destroyed
Cokell picked PlayStation 3 games Call of Duty: World at War and Kill Zone 2 and hid them under his Kevlar body armor before smuggling them out of the store on April 7.
My iPhone
We lived in the country and I had to attend yet another high school.
One of the things I love about the human heart is that it’s wired to help others when they’re in need. I see this repeated over and over: when a natural disaster strikes a town, or when a terrible wrong is committed against someone who’s done right, or when a beloved friend passes away. When people see a need, they often respond with caring hearts.
Spring!
Louw, L (1990). A dozen popular South African Myths. In: McGregor's Economic Alternatives, 230-234. Juta & Co, Cape Town.
Penny Alesi recalls Idema's screams into the speakerphone and calling the persons on the receiving end vile names who preformed unspeakable sexual acts. Ms. Alesi and her “family” of three American cats were then living with Idema from March 31, 2009 - September 17, 2009; and was his close companion every single day. What she experienced in those months of horror will never be forgotten: Idema was constantly breaking phones, glasses, ashtrays, anything within reach because he was not happy with the way things were going in the States. However, he would not even attempt to return to America because he was afraid that the FBI had a sealed indictment that would put him in jail the moment he stepped foot on U.S. soil. Thus he would do all his business via phone, computer and fax. The problem was that Idema had broken rule number one of a successful con artist by drinking to excess and using illegal drugs like cocaine. As if wasn't enough to blow his cool, the dust to dawn bizarre sex escapades at his Casa Arabi that by themselves would have driven anyone over the edge.
“It is difficult to be an informer/undercover agent because both sides will crucify you. In fact in the 1940s, the leader of the Communists, Loi Tak, was a triple agent, a Vietnamese who worked for the Japanese and the British while leading the CPM!
The halt of a mid-day hour, when up! no time to lose-yet this sign
How the heart yearningly turns His rest!
We used wall paint and our painting is not perfect but that's okay.
I praise the Lord for this reverent caution that he has given me and I need to realize that this kind of dependence is what should always characterize my heart, but the handful of weeks that I get to preach each year make me fearful of that time when I will preach almost every week. See, our church is planning on sending me out to another community close by to plant a church in the not too distant future and I will take on the responsibility of weekly bringing God’s truth to his people. My fear is that I will get used to preaching. By “get used to” I don’t mean a familiarity with preaching that will allow me to loosen up in the pulpit and preach with more focus and conviction. Rather, by “get used to” I mean that familiarity with preaching by which I stop depending on God so much and start depending on myself. I’m fearful of getting used to preaching in such a way that leads me to lose that sense of reverence for God’s Word and start flying by the seat of my pants as I proclaim it.
So I take on board what I can, and go with my gut on what I change for future lectures. That's all I can do.
The girls scored their first win on Mnet’s cable music show “M! CountDown” with “My My” in early January.
Tumult seems settled now that it's framed. If it is sold, I may cry a little before using the cash to fix my decrepit truck.
Unlike the Facebook and LinkedIn UIs, which provide lists of people you do know and a list of people you should know, Levo League’s welcome page presents you with something a bit more aspirational — a corner office. The UI is beautiful, and you can navigate to a career search, office hours, mentoring from successful women and other yet-to-be-launched features. Mentoring topics include workplace relationship advice, professional fashion guidance, how to ask for a raise and some of the “softer skills” around success that you typically have to learn as you go, or you consult your mom or sister.
Q: Have you really lived “magnificently”?
SHOWGIRLS
And isn't this in a way the primary task, the first responsibility we all incur and the last we relinquish before we die?
I asked my son (the one with an “o,” not a “u”) what he thought about the sun. Daniel responded “meh,” which the dictionary defines as “an expression of apathy, indifference, or boredom.”
This is a second project I created for this hop. A scrapbook layout using the same set of K. Andrew Design Stamps "Of Mice and Lil' Men" and another Paper Piecing By Nikki set. I have two amazing grandest daughters that I do daycare for. This is going to be a page of my little princess's just as they are on this date.
I think I need to do a yard sale at the shop to get rid of the extra displays - big and small. Then... maybe some new paint... then a killer idea of what to DO in this space now! I have a few ideas, but I am open to hearing more. Put your opinion in the comments below - what would you like to see in this space?
Actually, and forgive me please, but R. Kelly is almost onto something with this hip-hopera. Whether he realizes it or no, he falls into a number of the stock devices found in opera. Repetition of themed music is taken as purely coincidental until he actually starts branching out. He’s also got a villain (Pimp Luscious), clowns Rosie (LaDonna Tittle) and Randolph (Kelly), and obviously he’s got a complicated love-heptagon among characters that occasionally know each other.
It is a growing trend among brides getting married to purchase their bridal gown, bridesmaids, and many accessories for their wedding on-line. Some to save money, others...because it is easier to search on-line than on-foot.
Had touched much less seen
I had planned to use a coat stand but could find one that had the right size pole and was sturdy enough.
It must be that time of year because I know a lot of people who are in need of a get well card...everything from the stomach bug to broken bones. So I decided to use the cheerful Oops-a-Daisy set to create a simple set of Get Well cards. I started by matching up the ink colors to the Jillibean Homemade 6 Bean Soup patterned paper. I stamped the flowers in Colorbox Yellow Citrus, Maroon, Rouge, and Prima Turquoise Stone. Then I cut out the flower with the coordinating Oops-a-Daisy die. I cut ovals with the Spellbinders oval set and airbrushed inside the die line with Copics. I stamped the stem and leaves with Colorbox Lime Pastel ink and then popped the daisy up on foam tape. I wanted to keep it really simple so I just layered onto a scalloped oval and added a little ribbon to finish them off.
3. Sad Milkman
Come and look me in the eye and tell me this isn't a cool cover. I dare you. Ack-Ack Macaque has to be one of the oddest titles to come from genre publishers this year. To date Gareth L. Powell has published one novel with The Recollection and also the novella Silversands. Both are far-future Sci-Fi that most would put in the Space Opera camp. So Ack-Ack Macaque is definitely a step in a new direction for him, but the story does have its roots in one of his short stories of the same name published in 2007. With a cover like this it would be criminal of me not to read it. It has got a smoking money on it for book's sake! Here's the blurb:
The transition between needle and cable is smooth, but the cable is a little less flexible and slightly sturdier than modern cables. It looks like the yarn should catch on it, but no, it’s beautifully smooth.
I move onto devotions. Surely, I’ll get into some deep meaning in scripture. My reading is Romans 5:8 … “But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.”
Face North ~ Breathe deep. Ground, sweep and center into naval. Sweep North energies over you, being thankful for the north’s ability to ground you into Mother Earth, people, relationships, wealth, health and abundance. Know that you are connected to all of these things and say a *thank you*.
Paul Magrs has finally called foul and pulled out of a literary festival for which he agreed to do workshops over four days for no fee whatever, because he has now discovered they are not even prepared to pay his travel expenses! On his blog he replicates the excellent email he sent delineating the reasons why this is simply just not an acceptable way to treat the primary providers, the writers.
Quest Giver: Young Took or Young Brandybuck.
For years my father dealt with bouts of constipation stemming from what he self diagnosed as a “bad stomach.” In his youth, he had very poor nutrition, as his family lived in abject poverty. Upon his 12th birthday, he left to work on the cargo ships where he ate whatever was canned and salted amidst dank conditions and constant stress. In his early twenties, he came to the U.S. and ate one meal a day while working 12 hour shifts at a restaurant. He worked like an animal going from dishwasher, to busboy, to food runner, to line cook and finally, head cook of a high end Greek eatery. Then he bought his own restaurant along with two other friends. The workload should have been divided by three, but my dad ended up working 24 hours shifts. He lived on black coffee and inhaled meals on the go. When he got married to my mom, issues with his partners ended up forcing him to carry the restaurant himself. He had to be everywhere at one time. He was always under slept, stressed and constipated. When he did poop, it would be very hard to pass or would come out in ribbon like pieces. He dropped to 125 lbs. He looked scary. Solution: my parents sold the business and moved to Greece. He ate well. He basked in the sun. He gained weight and pooped like clockwork. Everything was great, except for one detail. Island life in Greece circa 1980 was something my mother could not handle with two babies. There was only one phone in each village, no indoor plumbing and limited access to the things needed to take care of us. She wanted to go back. My father listened. In the years that followed, my father worked from scratch again, since the restaurant was sold before we moved. He learned he had an ulcer in his stomach. He had kidney stones. He was constipated. He put himself on special “diets” to cleanse his bowels and calm his sour stomach. He was angry and stressed all the time. Life was not pleasant. Then he retired from all work when he turned 50. Despite the lack of work related stress, he was still angry and preoccupied. The patterns of constipation continued throughout the rest of the 90′s and in the first decade of 2000′s. This past December, after experiencing some intense pain on his left side and being unable to eat, he went for his first colonoscopy. It indicated adenocarcinoma, the cancer that typically occurs in the colon. Thankfully, it was still in stage 2 and operable. He is now doing chemo, eating super well, and gaining back weight and energy. The doctors feel optimistic that he beat it. My point of outlining his whole story is that had he paid attention to what his colon was telling him all along with the bouts of constipation and digestive issues, he would have changed his lifestyle and eating habits for the better. He is lucky. Had he refused, as many old school European types tend to do, to go for that colonoscopy, he probably would have been well into stage 4 before it was detected. It would have been too late.
Remember, when guests are sitting on your throne, they have nothing better to do than observe what kind of a housekeeper you are.
Children who tell tales are a universal pain. Children bullying is a universal problem. And I believe they are, often, linked.
Since they are synthetic, they were super shinny!! so I washed them with fabric softener and then added baby powder :D! here you can see the results!
2 Tblsp. finely chopped crystallized ginger
On a practical level, site your plot within easy reach of a water supply. If the summer is dry you’ll be glad of a nearby tap. Also think about access for wheelbarrows so that you can manoeuvre around the area easily if you need to bring in heavy sacks of compost or take rubbish away to your compost heaps.
The annual Nude campaign that Marie Claire has grown quite famous for over the years, wherein a handful of cause-inspired, famous South Africans in the fields of entertainment and business amongst others, communicate their ideologies so bravely, in support of the notion of respect for the human (and animal) entity – with a mega focus on the body, raising deep rooted issues, funds and ultimately, AWARENESS.
If you have time, please visit Lens Us Together. I am hosting the theme this week and it is "Prepared". See what my peonies have to do with my theme!
He is the best eater EVER. He's a dream child at meal times. Whatever you give him he happily devours. And if there is something sweet, like cake, he says "no tanks" and normally ask for an orange or some kind of fruit instead. Yesterday we attended a birthday party and he didn't want cake or icecream. He just ate the fruit instead. Wow! He does eat some sweets, but for the most part, he doesn't prefer them. He loves to eat salads, most veggies (raw or cooked), fish, chicken, beef, peanut butter sandwiches, yogurt, waffles, anything! He's not a big fan of pasta, rice and carb-like dishes. And he would still prefer meals more plain (grilled chicken, green beans and a roll), rather than everything combined into a casserole. Of course, this is polar opposite of Holden, my pickier eater. Some of Pax's very favorite foods are: watermelon, apples, oranges, fresh veggies with hummus, waffles with maple syrup and my homemade granola, which he calls "gro-gro-grola". As many of you parents know, meal time with young kiddos can be a beating. Well, not true for Pax. I hope it sticks and he always loves the healthy stuff like he does right now.
-if you’ll like to volunteer on this project.
Revelation 14
1 tip
I'm baaaack...
Sometimes they don’t even look at my face at all. Especially some men. They “talk” to my chest. I hate that. But then, people do tell us who they are, don’t they? These are some of the things that have caused me to envy my less endowed sisters.
1 Corinthians 7:32-35 “But I want you to be without care. He who is unmarried cares for the things of the Lord how he may please the Lord. But he who is married cares about the things of the world how he may please his wife. There is a difference between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman cares about the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit…. And this I say for your own profit, not that I may put a leash on you, but for what is proper, and that you may serve the Lord without distraction”.
Step 2: Decide 2 cats simply isn't enough. Head to a local animal shelter and pick up another one.
“I had a good time,” Lindros said with a Don Cherry-like smirk as he peered around the locker room to examine the historic faces he had just laced up with. “Saw some old people. Big turnout for a little get-together.”
Try one different variety of bottled beer, every day, for an entire year.
Many of the affected women were unionized but their unions, dominated by men, supported the ordinance. At trial, a business representative for the Bartender’s Union Local 278 questioned whether a woman could handle the job, "physically and emotionally." Could she tap a keg or "maintain an orderly house," he wondered.
Please see the buyer reviews & ratings of Safavieh SOH514A Soho Collection 2-Feet 6-Inch By 10-Feet Handmade New Zealand Wool Area Runner, Beige and Ivory at the merchant’s site by visit the link below.
Number One Nemesis wouldn't be the first Chanel Graphite-esque polish in my stash; that spot is taken by Revlon Carbonite (I did a comparison with that last year). I was curious to see how close this new contender came. Left to right below: OPI, Chanel, OPI, Chanel.
Christina Donovan Flannery, 26, New York, N.Y.
Wherefore, enter ye all into the joy of your Lord; Receive your reward, both the first, and likewise the second. You rich and poor together, hold high festival! You sober and you heedless, honour the day! Rejoice today, both you who have fasted and you who have disregarded the fast. The table is full-laden; feast ye all sumptuously. The calf is fatted; let no one go hungry away. Enjoy ye all the feast of faith: receive ye all the riches of loving-kindness.
Just editing BLACK BOX – Nick Faith’s retelling of the history of aviation disasters. Not one to buy at the airport (should I be saying that?).
the flow of Egyptian gas puts the last nail in the coffin of one of the only manifestations of normalization between Israel and Egypt, and is yet additional evidence of a deterioration in bilateral relations because of the regime’s capitulation to the pressure of the masses. It seems that even though 35 years have passed since the peace agreement
What I really loved about this recipe though is that you prepare it the night before and it's all ready to go the next morning. Brilliant! I adore waffles on the weekend but sometimes I just want to sit with my coffee and relax rather than make a big breakfast. It was so nice to plug in the waffle iron and have a steamy hot fluffy waffle on my plate a few minutes later. Love this and will definitely make again!
My Favorite Things Leafy Flourish.
In candolim, I cycled first to the apartments, where mum would arrive later in the evening, where I would come eventually to surprise her, and left a little birthday note (it was her birthday) and then headed for the beach. I could feel my brain boiling in its fluid by the time I found a way to the beach. But I still had to drag my cycle across the sand, now that we’d come this far, it had to see the sea as well. It is hard work dragging a cycle in the sand but I got it there and headed for one of the shacks. Putting the stand on one of my chappals in the shade, I stood staring at the sea, taking it all in, for a long moment before finally settling down into a chair and ordering a large lunch. I’d left home with a little less than 500 bucks, and now, four days later (and much thanks to Suji) I had about
1 cup kosher salt
Is Pradyumna living happily as the General of the Vṛṣṇi armies?
I will be THAT mom today! I will be THAT mom who forgives herself for having some bumps in the road and being the OTHER mom for the past few weeks. Thank you to all you wonderful moms and dads who wrote in and gave me a bit of a slap in the face.
Mother 3
would be perfect for her!
SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS ARE EXPECTED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. A FEW SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS WILL BE POSSIBLE.
May 8 Charlottesville, Virgnia - Al Haamra w/ Borrowed Beams of Light
And she needs more looking out from me.
So, okay, so far in Reasons to Write we have "Balance" and "Pyjamas".
When people like MP Stephen Woodworth step up and call for higher welfare rates for single mothers or for that matter a help for families living in poverty and a strong social safety net so we can raise every child out of poverty, then I will believe when they bring up the abortion issue, they really have the childrens welfare at heart!
EOH: The charges against you come on the eve of the crucial fall elections. What effect could it have on them?
"Are you okay, man? Will I need to send you to therapy in a few years?"
THE VOTER...
Int. 828, which would amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting general vendors from leaving pushcarts, stands or goods unattended;
The tiles we purchased some weeks ago in Castelló are now in place in three of the bedrooms as bed heads, helping to underline the individuality of each room. Elsewhere terracotta tiles – tova – are being laid. The dining room looks superb and we have all but chosen the tables and chairs. Easy one might think but trying to put the finishing touches to the rooms has been anything but.
On the paths through the gardens we sheet mulched, which means we covered the ground with cardboard and then covered that with wood chips to prevent weeds and grass from growing. This is a great way to keep weeds out of your garden. If you garden, you know weeds can quickly spread from a weedy to a non-weedy area, so if we completely weed out an entire yard or garden, it will be way more difficult for the weeds to get into your garden beds. It also just looks better to have clearly visible, neat and weedless paths going through your beds. It was a lot of work weeding out all that grass and shoveling all those wood chips…but it will be so worth it down the road when we don’t have to weed so often! Plus it’s a great workout. We joke at the garden that if you garden you don’t need to buy a gym membership. And it’s a great way to work on your tan.
If I want.
The minutes before Katniss stepped into the "tube" that transported her up into the arena were amazing. Numerous closeups of Kat shaking like a leaf. Her eyes convey fear unlike anything I've ever seen in film...not even Carol Ann Freeling! You're scared right along with her.
So, the design patterns is actually a good thing! And there are over 30 patterns to solve almost any problem. This brings me to the next point.
Dad said nothing. He put the tree to the side of the house and went off again to find another one. This went ahead every year. Dad would find a tree and bring it back for Mom’s approval. It usually took three or four attempts before Mom decided she liked the first one best. Dad would then strip some boughs from the others before putting them on the wood pile. He bored holes in the trunk of the Christmas tree and inserted the extra boughs to fill it out.
Last week the husband and I traveled to Cabo San Lucas. The following entries will be some of my thoughts on the trip. (By the way, Cabo: very cool.)
This is an almost-after shot of my new-to-me rattan furniture. The seats are covered in a stripe that matches the floral on the couch, but I still need to cover all the back cushions (which I bought ready-made for $10 each, because I can't make them for that) in the floral, which was back-ordered and which I have finally received.
finish with Boone Logan coming in in the eighth
Moore says building strategic partnerships enables companies to work through challenging markets and fast-track overall success. “As a CEO, I see it as part of my job to be a super connector, networking with the technology and investment community without an expectation of reciprocation. Partnerships forged through time, trust, and mutual benefit–such as those Axcient has built with HP, Ingram-Micro, and a vast network of service providers and resellers–are the types of community relationships that bring about the greatest returns.”
January 5, 2012: Unidentified militants abducted a British official of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), identified as Doctor Khalil Ahmed Dale, from the Chaman Housing Society in Quetta. Later, the Police arrested up to 50 suspects for questioning in connection to the abduction, but to no avail.
A.: I wouldn’t say I write like he did, especially since he is one of the greatest writers of my generation, but my favorite author of recent years has been David Foster Wallace. I think I share with him a respect for rather than a loathing of popular culture, and it seeps into everything I write. Like Wallace, I prefer to stretch and to challenge readers rather than ever to underestimate them and “write down” to them. In YA, I’m especially fond of John Green, David Levithan, and Jay Asher. In practical terms and like so many others, Stephen King’s On Writing has been profoundly influential in my work. I never start a new project without reading it.
Back to the 10/14/05 article Times article, which cites public relations efforts without any room for criticism of them:
Thanks for reading along, everyone.
Canberra who stood as a candidate for the Greens in a byelection in the federal seat of Higgins in 2009. Hamilton is equally blunt, saying that "If Gina Rinehart succeeds in getting a controlling interest in Fairfax Media ... the nation's political landscape will be changed." He goes on to list a slew of Rinehart's eminently regrettable policy foibles that reflect views evidently of long duration, since she "dropped out of the University of Sydney claiming the lecturers were communists". Hamilton gives us the names of those she trusts, and they echo ones included by Ferguson: Andrew Bolt and Alan Jones and Ray Hadley and Christopher Monckton and Ian Plimer and Hugh Morgan.
Finally, on this Thanksgiving 2010, I hope you all had a great day with family and feasting. One of the things I am thankful for is that fine folks like you stop by here now and then.
Across the hallway is the fabric-covered cork board. We used a mirror that was a gift from my MIL and turned it into this corkboard. This was the first cork board I ever did and I didn’t research it very well thinking it looked pretty straightforward. But after putting it all together the tacks didn’t stay in, so in my ignorance I bought more cork board thinking it just needed another layer. They stay in a little bit better but not great. I definitely recommend cutting a piece of cardboard to put behind cork boards like we did in the office.
Here's a couple more altered tins. The red one is a vintage cigarette tin, and the other, well, I am not sure what it is, as it doesn't open, but it's real sweet. These both have genuine vintage photos, and text from an old book "I can do it all!" Can't we all?
In my district we're given numerous forms for tracking reading progress for each child throughout the year. Sometimes it feels like we have way too much paperwork, but I love to look at one sheet of paper and see "at a glance" how a student has progressed during the year. And it's easy to show parents the growth their child has made or the growth they need to make!
Make sure the staff gets all the training they need: concepts and skills training, tools training, and process training. It won’t do them any good if they know what button to push but they don’t understand why they should push it. Training is an ongoing process; continue later with advanced training to broaden the staff’s knowledge and skills.
Like every Christmas, I went home and spent some time with my family, eating and drinking loads, opening presents, etc, etc... but what would Christmas be without good cigars? :)
Have a great Monday (I know that's sort of an oxymoron...lol) and a great week! I'll see you all soon.
let me be the breeze that twists
That’s brilliant!
Ladies and gentlemen, nothing in this adventure is statted out. As the DM, you must be nimble and creative and willing to put some time into it.
The immortal Buster Keaton once said that tragedy is a close-up; comedy, a long shot. Horace Walpole put it in another perspective when he wrote that, “Life is a comedy for those who think…and a tragedy for those who feel.” Both of these great men were correct. Perspective is everything in life. If someone slips on a banana-peel and pratfalls, it might be funny to those nearby. But I guarantee you that the person who fell will have a very different opinion on the matter. Humor and tragedy are polarizing issues in that they represent opposite sides of the same coin. Most films try to pick one interpretation of their events and run with it, resulting in traditional comedies and dramas. But there are the rare occasions when filmmakers embrace both perspectives, reveling in both the intrinsic drama and absurdity of their plots. These are the black comedies.
"It could only happen on Top Of The Pops - it's classical guitar" If you like, Jimmy. "Where could you get such class except Top Of The Pops?" rhetorically asks a man who chose to dress like that. Both parties sit, the crowd stand pensively around the perimeter of a small circular stage I don't think we've ever seen before. It's pretty much what you'd expect Feelings performed by Cleo Laine with John Williams to sound like, a reminder that throughout this decade you'd get stuff well out of the pop loop - the Shadows were regulars well into the 80s - in an attempt to paint the show as inclusive and classy. The response is appropriately Two Ronnies audience-like.
To be concluded.
3 large handfuls of arugula, wild or otherwise.
Taking years to repressurise.
Another night as I walked home from the subway the long-setted sun had left the sky dark, but some high-flying clouds in the eastern sky were still burning faintly with an orange glow. The sun’s light had refracted around our world and illuminated the floating vapour in an illusive light. I realized that the description of why it was happening was less beautiful than the fact that it was. So I stopped and looked up at the cool-orange glow and thought about nothing.
Session 4: 2:30 pm – 3:45 pm
Do you see a vase or a pair of faces?
But then there was another issue – the firebox couldn’t be moved out to meet up with a new wall. I didn’t know how to make it work (I thought it all had to be flush.)
- seasonings (herbs and spices--fresh or dried)
There are often myths and misperceptions about the ability of poor people to save. At the SEEP conference, Kate Druschel Griffin, director of Grameen Foundation’s Solutions for the Poorest team, discussed those myths and also highlighted lessons her Microsavings team has learned over the past two years.
And just as quickly as it comes, my "me time" is gone. Libby is asking for a vitamin, I give it to her. Then I sit again and she is moving my chair and wants something to eat, wants a kiss on her finger, wants my attention.
If she were such a hardened criminal, why was she only carrying mace? If she were heavily into the drug lifestyle or possibly selling drugs, she would have been carrying a gun as well. It’s not unthinkable for a convicted felon to have a gun. In some cases, the ones who shouldn’t have them, it’s easier for them to obtain.
Well, let’s see. There are lots of different sorts of conversations one might want to have about a claim like that: conversations, say, about what it is to explain something, and about what it is to be a law of nature, and about what it is to be a physical thing. But since the space I have is limited, let me put those niceties aside and try to be quick, and crude, and concrete.
Then DNA is also to blame,
Jennie Walters
The DNR has raised the fire danger to HIGH as we will experience a dry and windy afternoon today.
from former centuries
The night game yielded us 0-1 in conference play as the Cougars jumped on the board early and held on to a 7-1 win. Garrett refused to let the Phoenix get shut out on a Friday night; he hit a monstrous homerun in the top of the ninth inning for the second week in a row.
It starts with vigilance.
Also at Westminster we find a list headed ‘Stuffe brought frome the late Erle of Essex House at the Austen Freers Attaynted’ – this Earl of Essex being Thomas Cromwell, who was executed six and a half years before Henry’s own death. The list of ‘stuffe’ kept includes beds & bedlinen. There is also, at Greenwich, a bedstead decorated with the cipher of Queen Jane, on which the valances and counterpane are decorated with the cipher of Queen Anne. Which Queen Anne (Boleyn, or of Cleves) isn't specified - but could anyone really have had restful slumber in such a spot?!
It prevents the foods from spinning &
So.....Neon pink nail polish thrown into a bunch of black and gray. I'm wearing my FAVORITE dress in this picture. It's just so simple and adorable, huh?
Of course a brisk snowshoe trek was well-capped by a winery restaurant meal and its wine –far more relaxing than the sweating crowds in summer in 35 degree C dry heat.
These patterns help to control the execution flow of the applications and provide solutions to problem of concurrent access.
Just let a preacher, a true man of God, fresh from being alone with God, acquainted with deep and aching hours of prayer, get up in the pulpit. Let him look out at the people before Him, his heart breaking for he sees them as God does: sees their sinfulness, knows their depravity, realizes their unfaithfulness. Let this man, fresh from the depths of God’s Word, begin to pour out God’s truth.
The first thing I see when I wake up
Where previously the parameters of our societies would bind and keep us herded, we are in a rapid ‘out with the old, in with the new’ period. So a desire to implement sudden change or taking impulsive action will reign more than usually for a lot of people. You may experience nervousness with this new boldness, and uncertainty about your choices will be a mental symptom from time to time. But know that these symptoms are part of the journey of your deeper awakening. You are stepping away from the road well travelled, and onto the road your intelligent body (rather than your mind) wants you to walk.
i for one LOVE jumpsuits they are so effortless and just take the thought out of getting dressed in the morning cos its a 2in1, top with an attached bottom piece! i recommend everyone purchase a jumpsuit (you can thank me later.. in Drakes voice..) and i dare you not to love it! this can also be jazzed up with accessories.
Preheat the oven to 350 and grease a 9X13 inch baking pan.
Brake seem to want to teach kids that it's alright to just walk out into the road because they will have successfully removed cars from the equation. Brake was founded after a truck with dodgy brakes killed the founders mother. I am human enough to sympathise with that, I think any decent person would be but they've lost all perspective on the real World. Had they just been a group that focused on car safety improvements, I'd have no issue with them. As it is, they've taken their extreme views to an almost Biblical level, and you all know what I think to the Bible.
This day see
An important ( if logical) thing to remember is that if your php code is dodgy it will produce dodgy HTML, which means your site won’t be written in valid code. Working out what is going wrong however is a multi-step process for me, a mere server-less mortal with a laptop: change code on my machine, upload to browser, view on browser, swear a couple of times, change code on my machine, upload…well, you get the gist of it.
…Hath September…
July 16, 2008 — Police investigators discover Casey Anthony has been lying about her place of employment and where she says her nanny lives. As a result, Casey is arrested and charged with child neglect, making false official statements, and obstructing an investigation.
Guinsoo: What’s up.
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ I am not repeating it because I do not believe it should be repeated. He can read the Official Report to see what I mean. I have never heard it before. It may be a south Dublin DART expression but it is not an expression I have heard used on the north side.
After you hear the soundbites, if the Mistress of Argghhh is able to download them, you will be sorry you missed this.
Sophisticated, casual, and sexy without being a slut-fest…showing enough skin to show that I’m interested, if need be, but keeping things classy and mysterious.
I fly home tomorrow. Spent 5 days in Rome and 4 in Prague. I haven't been on a scale in over a week and am very scarred. Everything still fits even my 14s so we shall see! Here are some pictures for you....
I ordered Hubby a Bind Rune that he can wear round his neck which arrived today. It is beautifully made and he loves it. The picture doesn't do it justice.
As part of this pre-budget series, I am going to ‘take stock’ of some recent, significant happenings in relevant areas.
To serve, add top rice with chicken and cover with Teriyaki Sauce.
On Wednesday our friend who painted the mural will be coming over to update the room. We wanted to change the wording to something that represented both of our boys and Kevin came up with "Bailey Brother's Monster Co." We're also adding a guardian angel monster above the crib so Little Kevie will always know his big brother is forever watching over him.
There were half a million fewer whites in California in 2008 than in 2000, a period when the state's overall population grew by 4 million to 38.1 million, according to a study released Thursday by the state Department of Finance.
Some recommended reading:
Make Up - Lucy Bridge @ Jedroot using illamasqua
And as always . . .
Now that my life has returned to normal after the chaos from last week, I decided I needed to hunker down and get back to the grind of my daily workout. I slacked a lot last week. In fact, I only walked one day with Megan. That was the only exercise I got all week, aside from chasing after three kids, of course.
This week I’ve been listening to my Trevor Morgan CD “The Blessed and the Broken” in my car in preparation for the Third Day concert in May, because Trevor is opening for Third Day. It was actually at Fish Fest last summer that I first heard him when he played just a few songs at the beginning of Third Day’s set.
I was lucky my husband kept the youngest entertained, and the oldest was camping.
Venus goes retrograde this month and in my experience, this brings about a value review. What we want and ask for is a reflection of our value and if you have been denying yourself something, pretending that you and your life are fine even if you don’t think that’s true, or not being clear on what you want in your life, this is going to bring light to that situation. The resolution lies in being honest with yourself, working on your value system, acknowledging yourself and having the courage to know you deserve the best, brightest, most wonderful outcome in every situation.
Kids use their backpacks daily, so why not give them something of high quality that ALSO supports an eco-friendly lifestyle.
4. Splash some olive oil in a large pan. Add the onion and the chorizo pieces. Fry for a minute or two, then add the cooked rice, and the fish.
You can see that the pink is far too dark here but this was just a test. I will be going over the top edge with the paper mix to get a nice finish but this box hasn't been cut yet hence the funny angle. I hope to do a couple with music print paper too.
No homes for our homeless, no homes for our returning soldiers, but free handouts of everything the welfare state has to offer for immigrants and asylum seekers.
Alex bought me two tickets to Cats for my birthday with the intent I take Lucien as my date. Sure, Lucien loves music and spectacle and hyperactive fake cats, but I still wasn't convinced it was a good idea to take him to the show.
Fashion is the only war worth fighting, a battle against the idea that life is and has forever to be subdued and gray.
One of Bordeaux mayor Alain Juppé’s proudest achievements is the city’s tram network, a project which he championed when entering office in 1995, going against the wishes of his predecessor Jacques Chaban-Delmas (who had dug up the last of the first-generation tram rails back in 1958). The greater Bordeaux local authority - the Communauté Urbaine de Bordeaux - rubber-stamped Juppé’s plans two years later, construction work began in 2000 and by 2005 the initial phase was
I love making images that show the environment at weddings. I think this image of Loc and Sadie's ceremony from a distance during the storm is just amazing. It says so much about them and the love their friends and family have for them. Loc and Sadie's closest family and friends stood steady in the storm, freezing (my hands froze up) and getting soaked to the bones to show their support. I know that as years pass the spiritual connection to this spot on the hillside will grow not only for Loc and Sadie, but for all who were there.
Please Click on Images for larger versions:
The story is told of a king who had a close friend with whom he grew up.
It was such a peaceful place
Customer reviews of Moab Slickrock Metallic Pearl Resin Coated Inkjet Media, 260gsm, 12mil, A2 Size (16.54-in x 23.39-in) 50 Sheets are available on the merchant’s website, see it by click on the link below.
But this is something which is immediately a source of contradiction in the work, because Nietzsche appeals extensively to linguistic data, on the origins and relationships of words, in order to support his point. But if language is determined by the needs of the ruling class, then this method will provide him with only half the story: history from the perspective of the ruling class.
Although I prefer the form of the English sonnet (I missed the final couplet), this might be my favourite poem I’ve composed this week. Perhaps it is just my getting used to metre – I found it easier to slip into iambic feet than in my English sonnet. As you can see, I drew up a rhyming bank from which to draw upon before starting the poem.
I want to apologize to some other friends Tracey, Helen and Cami, as I realized I missed your birthdays. I hope you had a wonderful day, and the postman will visit you soon, I promise!
Interesting times we live in... That’s all I can say!
Following the emergence of new facts, Mr. Okah is
She clutched the phone to her and wept with joy. Oh yes. Hell yes. She would follow through. She would follow him to the ends of the earth. Then, startled out of her revelry, she looked at her ringing phone. It was the same number, calling. She smiled as she hit the green button….
Guido says: “We go back now to Toni’s house for more spaghetti.” I look at Logan, slightly surprised and think, well, even though I’ve enjoyed the day so far, I would like to go home soon. I don’t want to be rude, so we are going back with them for dinner. Back at Toni’s house, we come to realisation what it is like not to have electricity and lights. All we got is fire for light and warmth.
Practice good posture to show confidence and leadership. Practice grace in your movements to show an expression of physical and spiritual power – the product of strength, coordination and perfect balance.
* Baker’s semi-sweet chocolate
block down, punch, step...pause...knife hand, punch...pause...kosa, step, block down
Two leading presidential candidates have suspended campaigning in protest at the way authorities handled it.
The incredible success of toned-down, embedded, online pinpoint marketing, like that practiced by Google, Amazon, and Facebook, is a testament to just how sick we have become of obnoxious marketing. And I think it goes deeper than that, even.
I had warped to jump, and went through the gate pretty quickly. On the other side, I wasted no time aligning and warping to jump to the next gate on my list. As warp was initiating at an agonizingly slow pace, the whole fleet started breaking cloak around me. They must have turned and burned for the gate and jumped through after me.
pressed the pulse button several times making pesto sauce
Sup with the Devil by Barbara Hamilton
Thanksgiving teepees
But it was a fulfilment of his desire which we see in Acts 20:24.
I have watched both versions of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo films but I haven’t read the book. So I feel like it may be an uninformed statement to say that I like the American version more than the Swedish but I do. It’s just more American or more Hollywood than the Swedish version and makes for a more thrilling and exciting movie going experience. Either way I have seen two great films based on the novel The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. So I know the gist of the popular novel and what a wonderful and terrifying portrait of life it probably is. Lisbeth is a character that is strong and weak. She is a character that is the hero of our stories and is also the victim as she lives in a world where men control her physically and emotionally. I haven’t seen the Swedish sequels nor do I plan on reading the books but I hope that there is some redemption for Lisbeth in the end, redemption that she can mark on her body somewhere in-between the scars.
I will plant companionship thick as trees along all the rivers of
Here are some of the benefits:
You can click on the photos for a larger view of them. I went super clean & simple for this set, which makes it SO much easier to mass produce cards. I used Choice Snow White cardstock as the base of the card and then layered the Reach for the Stars Border Die in So Saffron. The onesie is stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black ink on Miss Caroline Fiddlesticks paper and cut out with the Onesie Die and popped up with foam tape.
When John Stossel joined Fox Business Network and Fox News in 2009, it wasn’t because he had a job offer. “I went over and begged, ‘Please hire me. I can’t stand it anymore,’ ” said Stossel in an interview with the Heritage Foundation’s Rob Bluey.
*Items are safe to use and 100% authentic provided with complete papers.
Well gotta get back to the grind!
In many cases, and particularly when you are already in the workforce, traditional classrooms are harder to attend. When there are additional obligations such as home and family, very often the adult student has no alternative for career advancement or added education since finding time for the classes isn't always easy to accomplish.
The news came to me that it got approved. PHEW. No more laying awake at night stressing about a visa. Now I lay in bed dreaming of what is waiting for mask kitten and I in Pripyat.
The beer began its life as an answer to those who remember the Tun having a barleywine on tap but forgetting who made it.
And then I get mad at myself. Because I never used to be the kind that questioned myself like that. I'm an only child so I tend to think if I want something I will get it. But, I'm being honest here, right. I'm scared. I'm sad. I think I'm a little lost.
Before I share the snippets with you, I have another reminder and the announcement of today's challenge.
This seemed counter intuitive to me. In order to get potatoes, first you must have potatoes. On the surface, that makes about as much sense as dehydrated water.
6.- Mixtape-Medley - Produced by Tonedeff
Tomorrow is my 30th birthday. Friday is Caleb's due date. I'll never be able to forget his due date because it's so close to my birthday. I had it in my head that maybe I'd go into labor a few days early and we'd share a birthday. Or even better, he'd be born a few days early and I'd still be able to say I was 29 when I had him. I should be worrying about my mucus plug falling out or my water breaking in the middle of Target, not worrying about whether surgery is the right decision and whether I'll ever be lucky enough to be pregnant again. Can this week just please be over?
Currently instrumental,
Wait a minute. You asked WHAT IS A CAFEMOM?? Well, it’s a FREE website that is geared towards mothers, mothers-to-be, step mothers and even grandmothers.
Well we are in the process of collecting a ton of great prizes form various hobby companies! Hitech Miniatures, Kabuki Models, VoodooWorx and Secret Weapon Miniatures are onboard with virtual vouchers and other goodies as well as a FLGS with a gift certificate. There will be Miniatures, Gift Certificates and much, much more cool swag all wrapped up into 3 Tight Prize Packages for 1st, 2nd and 3rd place and even a sweet 4th place runner up prize voted on by the staff. There will also be a category for Staff Entries, but we won't be winning anything. There will be an updated post with more prize information as we gather it in the near future.
The abundance of God overflows from vessels of gold that have been purified in the Refiner’s fire.
I welcomed a healthy baby boy into the world early in the am and had my then sister in law send the email to Bill several hours later announcing his son's arrival. As family and friends from afar called my hospital room to congratulate me on the birth of my son, a nurse came running in the room yelling at me..."your husband is on the phone and can not get in because you are on the line, get off so we can transfer". You would have thought he was the President of the U.S. seeing how excited my nurse was. Because I live hidden in my bubble during deployments, I had not been following the news. There was an event happening and my husband was heading toward it. He was calling from a CNN phone while climbing aboard a helo enroute to Kosovo. Yep, these civilian nurses were hearing a helicopter and excessive commotion in the background and at that moment they were believers in the fight. The fight my husband and other members of the Corps so willingly do as a job. Keep in mind that at this point I did not know where he was headed nor did he let me know, he likes my bubble (this is when he only said watch the news honey). I was beaming when I heard his voice and crying at the same time. I knew he was beaming and I could not hold back the joy I had in telling him all about our bouncing baby boy who came into the world loved so deeply and rejoiced by his family. Bill, asked what his name would be... we had not finalized that one yet. I told him Sammy Jo.... ok I admit it, I let Sal make the decision and he was only two and a half years old. Hey... no judging here, I was alone and needed to keep myself mentally strong, I figured who better to decide between Sebastian and Sammy Jo than him right? Lets be honest, what name do you think a two and a half year old is even capable of saying. Yes, I will admit I blamed the oldest in case the dad from afar did not agree. LOL
4:30pm VIP Hospitality closes, tear down begins.
Since we just talked about building relationships and discussed some aspects of the communication principles let’s dig a little deeper to see how they relate to what I call verbal art. Every artist has their own style and way of expressing their artistic abilities. As a salesperson we have to understand that our art form often comes through our ability to paint a picture with our words. People who get in to sales as a career usually have a history of being smooth talkers and understand the principles I am outlining instinctually. By reading this book and implementing these principles in your every day life you can become just as effective a salesperson. It just takes practice.
sun knew me more
Some people experienced quite a startle financially in 2008. Companies that had been extremely unstable for quite a while were recognized by the masses to be unstable upon the publicizing of those companies filing bankruptcy or or least nearing bankruptcy: yes US auto giants, but also mainstream financial institutions including Merrill Lynch, Wachovia, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, IndyMac, Countrywide, Bear Stearns, Washington Mutual, and even the world’s largest insurance company, a US company that many in the US were not familiar with: AIG.
In view of a lack of any better suggestion for diagnosis it appears to me that the option of VIDS is very likely the cause of her unusual condition.
Okay, it doesn't have the same prestige of a Newbery or National Book Award sticker, but I can't imagine anyone not smiling at this new sticker that mocks the design of the Caldecott Award and announces that the book it's attached to is "Caldecott Eligible."
and thank you for the rich fruit her life bears that my family receives the benefit of.
“Pah!” he snorted. “A mere girl! I shall freeze your bones and give them to my dragon to crunch!” But Snow Woman was not afraid, and two days later, with only the five stones competition to go, she and Friij were even.
The Hunger Games reminds me of academic work. Sure, we don’t kill one another for entertainment. And, academic life isn’t about life or death, but the stakes are high and at times people are quite petty. The Tributes, though, are the pre-tenure faculty who have to participate in the department’s arena. Some Tributes face an easier match than others, but ultimately the senior faculty and others watch and wait to see who wins. The odds are ever in your favor to: teach, write, and pay service to the department and university. But, most departments really expect you to write, keep your head down, and know your place.
The second asylum visit in one day, before the visit to Cherry Knowle Hospital (Sunderland Borough Asylum), brought us to St Mary's Asylum at Stannington in Northumberland which is sometimes known as the Gateshead Borough Asylum.
And when I finished all that stuff, the couch called to me.
7. How many families do you know (LDS or not) who have more than two children? If a family with four children moved to your area, would their family size seem unusual? What about a family with six children?
I wonder, while I sip, who will miss me? Who will feel sorry they didn’t take me seriously last time. Some people, I regret to say, probably won’t. There are some hard and cynical people out there. But plenty more will shed tears, and stare incredulously at those who don’t care.
Just… and his PLAN is ever revealing, ever satisfying and may I say ever so Perfect.
The first camp project challenge was to knit a two color project in either a shawl, scarf, or cape. I decided to opt for the shawl, since it's way too warm outside to be thinking about a scarf or a cape. I chose "Pamuya" by Alexandra Wiedmayer. I'm using stash yarn; Dream In Color Smooshy with Cashmere in "Joy in the Morning" and Colinette Jitterbug in a variegated blue. Here's my progress as of yesterday:
Durban - The crime intelligence unit (CIU) has used secret state funds to buy a holiday resort on the KwaZulu-Natal North Coast for the exclusive use of the unit’s top officers.
2010.09.10 Ingushetia Nazran 1 0 Muslim separatists shoot a man to death outside an auto repair shop.
so i am guessing that once you finish burning the Koran and you find yourself in the bathroom
Julia's favorite color is purple and Sydney's is yellow. The request was for purple and YELLOW. LOL. I had to laugh. I tried to find the brightest yellow I could.
The country that we love already exists; it's here, all around us. Fighting to keep something, to preserve our Constitution and our great nation, is far easier than fighting to take something away, to destroy and obliterate it. We have will, determination, American pride and ingenuity. We are the ones who thoroughly, to our marrow, understand the phrase "Give me liberty or give me death." This love of country, this patriotism, is not something you learn in a book, it's not something you ponder out of the ether while standing around in ice-cream coats and munching on fancy herring snacks. It is deep, it is enduring--it lives in us and is who we are.
Goodness this has been a week! Lost my day planner which I am totally in reliance on to tell me what to do each day! Broke my computer after tripping on the cord one too many times. Bill has fixed it 3 times before but this time is a no go. I still have whatever coughing, hacking thing that everyone else has around here .
Secondly b).
Don’t make Hijaab trendy
Are there other reasons why a listing may be exempt? Absolutely. Maybe an executive is making a job transfer or there is a pending divorce and the home owners just don’t want to draw attention to their situation by having a “For Sale” sign in their front yard. In other words, they want to sell their home but prefer to keep a low profile. It is much harder to sell a home that we can’t advertise but for those of us that are connected in the community, surrounding areas & have a large network – it is doable. Once again, all it takes is that “right” buyer and if as a home owner, you are not listed, that “right” buyer will find something else.
and I felt that the underlying message was something along the lines of "gee, it must be nice."
Yes the goodbye door as always is winning
Sam Bush, Sheryl Crow, Buddy Miller and Billy Bob Thornton are some of the special guests who will appear at the Americana Music Festival and Conference Kickoff event, Levon Helm's Ramble at the Road on Wednesday September 17 at 7PM in Nashville, TN. If you haven’t already bought your tickets... Get your booty onto Ticketmaster.com and get you some!
Spicy Tuna Maki (with cucumber and roe)
who raised him from the dead.
That moment when you see him,
That plane had to crashland in Kent. Actual fact. The plane WE would have been on had my mother not refused the offer of a flight home instead of a two day car journey.
For many intelligent Polish people, there are only so many times you can hear that when asked what the best thing in Poland is, people reply "Polish women". Don't get me wrong, I am married to a beautiful Polish women and would happily describe Polish women to any foreigner as being the most beautiful women in the world. However, there are a few more things to Poland that it's women :)
Evening all,
22. Be ye doers of the word. The doer here is not the same as in Romans 2:13, who satisfied the law of God and fulfilled it in every part, but the doer is he who from the heart embraces God’s word and testifies by his life that he really believes, according to the saying of Christ,
This past week has been a very hectic one for me.
Rebecca - the peach dress with the white polka dots
If violent video games were the cause for aggression in school, then there would be far more violence than we are seeing today. The truth is, despite all of the lobbying to get parental warnings on video games, the number one sellers for each year are always first person shooters. So why are we seeing an increase in emotional support schools and not an increase in violent behaviors associated with these graphic games? The answer shouldn’t surprise you. We have effectively misplaced our direction to focus on the outward sources rather than the inward struggle.
Well Quinn was really celebrating last night. We went to Dave and Buster's and then home to watch movies. She decided this was the time to torment Belvedere, our beagle. I have never seen her so motivated and strong, trying to get to him and be by him despite Belvedere's lack of reciprocal interest in this interaction. It took both Riley and myself to play defense against her with Belvedere on my lap. Riley got his glasses ripped of and the brunt of Quinn's force. How in the world has Quinny gotten so strong? Gee - it is like she is a superhero or something. One with more flexibility than any other (she can do splits over the enemy). One that is obsessed with beagle dogs and being by them. Don't let her fool you with her cuteness. She is one tough cookie. Happy New Year everyone!
I don’t know how he keeps up with himself.
Black Cardigan: Ann Taylor Loft
It was because I wasn't already signed into my account somewhere else. It went through this long spiel trying to get me to set up a new blog rather than giving me a chance to sign in to the google account I already have.
If you have a rough performance evaluation coming up the best thing to do is to prepare for it. Facing a rough evaluation is stressful to say the least. Thinking of ways to defend yourself may be your first thought to get through it, but fighting that temptation will serve you better in the long run.
quickly means the ice cube also adds water to the drink sooner than larger
You will know about the 52 week project by now. It's the weekly self portrait challenge which I have been doing for a few months.
For most 9 year olds, forgoing birthday gifts for donations to a food bank would result in a tantrum. For Noah, however, it was just the right thing to do.
Because the Security Council ordered the ICC investigation, all UN member states (which of course includes South Africa) would be obliged to arrest him if he ventures into their territory.
'Til we tried to put it all together one night
Carolyn More, William Morris Goes Aussie
For oily hair do not use conditioners use only shampoos, make sure while choosing a shampoo that it does not contain conditioner in it. Such kind of shampoo is available easily in the market and is cheap compared to shampoos with conditioners.
iPod Nano Camera Newest Model – A Review
Post board and committee meeting minutes in a timely manner
We have been very busy around here -getting ready for Valentine's Day.
Deuteronomy 30:20
You are such a happy-go-lucky, laid-back baby...it's hard to come up with this list!
Zombies are the only monster that actually gives me the heebie-jeebies. When I was about five or six, my parents went to the drive-in to see a late night zombie flick, assuming I'd stay fast asleep on the back seat. I woke towards the end, just in time to see a mob of zombies rip through the wall of a house and attack the only survivors inside. I was not able to watch another zombie movie after that until peer-pressured to see Shaun of the Dead - I still shivered.
-Do say, "You're going to be wonderful parents some day," or "You're wonderful parents and that baby was lucky to have you." We both need to hear that.
I am reminded of James Howard Kunstler's admonition that during times of great stress mass delusions of deliverance--in this case through technology--are often afoot. I cannot fault fusion researchers for working on the intriguing problem of sustaining a fusion reaction that will produce more energy than it consumes. Nor can I fault them for seeking out the safest fuel possible. But the drumbeat in the media that alternatives are just around the corner--if we will only do things such as set up a Moon base and mine the surface--take the public's eye off more viable responses.
That goes for atheists too! A few atheists will respond to the cosmological argument by saying that the universe does not have a beginning. But if science all but proved that the universe has a beginning, would these people just concede the cosmological argument? Nah, they'd find a new reason why it's wrong.
