Grand Street Cafe - 6pm - Boulevard Beer Dinner: Grand St. Cafe is hosting its 20th annual Boulevard Beer Dinner. The four-course meal eloquently pairs Boulevard beers with mouth-watering dishes. The cost is $45 per person, and seats are limited so we suggest you secure yours today by calling 816.561.8000.
2. Sean has to put more than 11 in his mouth to break the record.
Maybe I’m selfish
No one knows why.”
Image coloured with Pro/FlexMarkers
we may sing to you
“Don’t worry about that, Trail. I can’t imagine anyone falling for a guy like you.”
Animal activists should have their paws up in outrage!
GEORGIA PIONEERS: Morven Has a Number of Them in Her Borders
Big spoiler. After a bit of inspection, the members of Revolution discover that Micha West is actually a young lady named Michaella West who likes to dress like a boy. Hyun-Gi gets the last laugh and didn’t tell Ran-Hanuel that Micha was a girl just to see if he could tell the difference. The theme of the story is be comfortable in your own skin. Micha likes to wear jeans, sports jerseys and boots because she is comfortable in it. It isn’t a problem in the beginning until Ran-Hanuel takes Micha shopping in a big mall in Seoul and the fans think he’s out on a date with a guy. It doesn’t make matters any easier that Micha doesn’t try to clear up the misunderstanding. So, besides trying to win a million dollar singing competition against Sensei, Ran-Hanuel must try to clear up his image and keep the other two male members of the group, Shin-Chang and Lee-Chul from dating Micha. Hyun-Gi transforms Micha into a beautiful Diva for her debut. Everyone likes her new look, except for Micha.
So there, scattered in a garden in Provence, the ashes of the two lynchpins of my circle within circle theme, lie close by a memorial to the woman of whom her daughter writes: "Mummy and Rory both had the same quality of innocence. The dark spots of life were discarded and not allowed to intrude on their existence. They saw the world through a golden haze and if you were lucky enough to be part of their magic circle they took you through into that fairyland where life was always fun and always filled with beauty. The reverse simply wasn't tolerated, or perhaps noticed."
The more oil we produce domestically and import from neighbors, the more we’re insulated from dramatic interruptions of global supplies. After the United States, Canada is the most dependable source of oil — or was until Obama’s decision.
Yesterday I posted in the facebook group What Sha Cooking my pancake muffins made with a twist:) Yesterday I was craving for pancake and a nice slice of bacon but I wanted something healthy to eat with it so that my conscious would not get the best of me later or the next day. I searched the refrigerator and I found string beans. My hubby mother normally cook string beans with bacon; therefore, that is the only way the hubby will eat string beans. I cooked the bacon while I wash the string beans. Cut the ends and slice them into smaller pieces. I whip up my batch of pancake mix add the bacon and string beans. Waited for the oven to finish do it job and my pancake fix was satisfy. There are so many things that could be added to the batch. It all depend on your taste buds, calorie daily goal, and budget.
Next time I will feature bridal party portraits and the ceremony! I hope you all have enjoyed viewing these pictures as much as I enjoyed putting the post together!
Him: Ok. Here is the truth u want to hear. I just wanted some ass.
The next scheduled update of the Bird Alert is on Monday May 14.
Still doesn't change the fact that: Dinner needs to be made, and kids need hugs, and husbands need attention.
Also contains several more tales by Richard Matheson including Nightmare at 20,000 Feet, Button, Button and Duel.
Submission of intention to submit: Until May 15, 2012
531- Getting more christmas cards in the mail. Thank you to the ones they send us some love :)
I move my car and try to juggle two suitcases up the stairs. Impossible. They are like taking three steps in one…and the railing comes to your head. That’s a fun way to walk! So two trips up the stairs and I’m alive. Room at last.
Yes, I know, I'm just swapping one esoteric die for another here, not very practical or widely applicable. But what fun! Doesn't this make you want to acquire a d30 now? Or some Fudge Dice? Look at all the obscure fun you can have generating tables that practically no one will use!
and Passions mask the similarity of task.
So instead I'll share a few pictures of Lucas for this Wednesday and give him some of the spotlight :)
But honestly, when somebody calls me when I've got two phones already ringing off the hook, a patient who's about to code, six people lined up to ask questions about random neuro stuff, a housekeeper with a query about whether or not something obscure needs to be done today or can wait until tomorrow, and four people leaping out of bed in their usual confused way, it is NOT the time to tell me that I have to check the crash cart this month, myself, alone, today.
It is monsoon season in Seoul, which means 1 thing. Rain...lots and lots and lots of rain. For all of my life, my least favorite season has been winter. I hate the cold and having to bundle up and unbundle every time you leave or enter a place and not being able to play outside for more than a few minutes and scraping ice off of your windshield. I especially disliked winter in Korea with people using their umbrellas while it snowed and unplowed/unshoveled sidewalks and roads and a general lack of holiday cheer. But I've decided that my new least favorite season is summer in Korea. Because summer in Korea means monsoon season. And monsoon season, as I stated previously, means rain and rain and rain. Of the last 30 days, it has rained in Seoul 27 days. Everyday when I have woken up to try to get a run in for the last month, it has been raining. Most days when I go to lunch, it is raining. And usually when I leave work at night and walk home, it is raining. As I sit in my apartment typing this, it is raining. And when it rains here, it isn't just a light drizzle or a short burst of rain and then clear skies. It is torrential downpour for hours upon hours. I'm not sure how the entire city hasn't flooded. I feel like I live in a rain forest or that I should be boarding an ark full of animals soon. I didn't have any idea that it could rain this much in one place.
With their changed names
I can’t believe I just talked about potentially having kids. Damn you Mraz! Damn you and your beautiful song.
Male Reps:
It could be from my fingers being submerged in water and sanitizer while washing dishes at work. It could also be from excessive exposure to lemons and limes.
Hopefully, people will now associate Austria with the school’s promotional video, in which smooth naked bodies paw each other to Ms Thompson’s authoritative voiceover. There is something deeply life-affirming about a sixtyish woman tutoring people in the finer points of fondling their erogenous zones. I bet she gives out instructions with the same calm self-assurance when being pleasured by her own fancy man.
1 onion, finely diced
Tante Lucie and Ome Jan have a really nice house with a magnificent art collection. They collect primarily modern Dutch artists and Alex and I spent lots of time looking at all their pieces and deciding which were our favourites.
In a small pan, add the lentils and water. Bring to a boil and allow to simmer for about 30 minutes or until water is absorbed and lentil are soft. Check on it after 15 minutes to make sure it doesn't burn and there is enough water. I didn't soak my lentils and ended up using 1 1/2 cups of water and it took 45 minutes to get soft. Once soft mash with the back of a spoon or puree in an immersion blender. Make sure there are no pieces otherwise they will dry up when you bake the cookie.
okay so my aprent only left like 4hours ago.. i whizzed round all excited.. sunday night unpacking unloaded .. quick meet and greet with the flatmates i have and made my bedroom look pretty..
Place in the fridge to chill for half an hour before serving. Store any leftovers in the fridge.
This quote seems to capture what we all mean when, in troubled times, we say 'I'll put the kettle on'!
If our Father knows what we need before we ask, why should we pray? There are two reasons. The first is because of the rewards of prayer that go beyond just meeting our needs. The second is that there are many other things for which to pray such as the needs of others and the advancement of the Father’s Kingdom. We do not need such things, but they should have a place in our prayers.
We all thought that her House shaped Shadow box is stunning - the amount of work, techniques, time, elements and detail that she has put into this creation is amazing - and what a beautiful gift it makes too - sure is to be treasured. :)
2010.09.06 Algeria Tebessa 2 0 Fundamentalists kill two local security personnel with a bomb.
The message to boys: If you are rich and have a castle and isolate a girl, she will love you despite how you treat her. And plus, at the end, you get to look like an Abercrombie model.
If you're going out to a really nice place, please remember that the more you pay, the less you will be consuming. Our dinner that night was comparable to what I used to feed my hamster, only slathered in butter sauce, topped with little bits of visible fat and something called emulsion whose contents were both mysterious and frightening. It was delicious and completely unsatisfying, and I think I ate desert in one giant mouthful and washed it down with a basket of bread.
Unfortunately with the lack of support, interventions were non-existent to target the negative cognitions and behaviors I was developing. I felt ashamed of who I was and kept much of the pain & self-esteem issues to myself. This led my parents to label me as some type of rebellious adolescent. It’s a shame; I really wish they had taken the time to actually open the lines of communication and empathize with what I was going through. However, my parents were only equipped with the knowledge that had been passed down to them, and having said that, I understand much of what I have gone through and hope to be a buffer to my own children when they need me most.
(3) ask whether it falls solely within the excluded subject matter;
Thursday, July 14: The Flying Saucer will tap a cask of Divine Reserve No. 11 and promises more surprises when that runs out. One dollar per pint will be donated to TCH IBD Clinic.
God, I trust you.
There are dozens, nay hundreds, well probably thousands, of women who have had just one child, and have struggled to get their figure back. I know what they are going through. I would LOVE to hear from them. This is the beginning of my journey to get fit after giving birth.
So, basically, I'm all-around stalling. Not purposely holding out goodness from you, but
Installment
Good students keep their own questions. I don’t fear being honest when I meet someone who wants to know everything instead of wanting to know what I’m after. Students who credit me with teaching them how to write will probably say later that my lessons came at a vital moment or that I offered some valuable skills. Over time, a former teacher’s influence seems more and more limited, as it should. Teachers are only stops on students’ journeys, and education is their journey. Learning should be greater than teaching because curiosity, the engine of all knowledge and understanding, relies more on students than instructors.
Have a good weekend everyone,
I hope everyone is staying safe and warm with the winter storm here in the USA! It hasn't been as bad as the weather guys was forecasting for us in my area. Thank goodness!!! It seems we were on the tail end of this storm and with the higher temps that came in yesterday most of ours was rain!
12. Sex and the City Men’s Choir “If Ever I Would Leave You”
gift sets for any Chai lovers on your shopping lists!
Teracue’s Video-Networking products are used by customers worldwide for a wide range of video-networking and video-over-IP applications. The product range consists of building blocks for professional LAN and intranet video streaming.
Now I realize that only one of those books is specifically YA, but one of the things that I love about the YA reader is that they refuse to balkanize themselves. They read across genre, across age groups, across culture and time and modes of reality. I'd really like to see a day in which books are no longer shelved according to type. The more we try to separate books, the more limited the conversation becomes. Books need to talk to one another. They need to influence one another. And they need to do this broadly - not only on the shelves and not only in classes or review pages, but in the brains of their readers.
Q: I guess it was a waste of time and money for you to get your degree.
The reason for Slocum’s unhappiness is that there is a hole in his life. Aptly – Catch-22-ly – the hole is that he does not know why he is unhappy. “Something must have happened to me sometime.” He visits and revisits key moments of his past, though the reader has the feeling that the only reason they are key moments is that they have been circled so often. Even these tend to centre on family and work – his mother’s last words; his tentative, teenage flirtations with a former colleague called Virginia (“Virgin for short but not for long, ha, ha”), and what happened to her. He cannot understand what is wrong because ostensibly nothing is wrong: he is successful, affluent, respected. He lives in prosperity and peacetime, which may itself be part of the problem. ”It was after the war, I think, that the struggle really began.” He has no defined enemy, and so he creates them. In the upper half of society, near the summit of Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, he can see from the peak that there is nothing of importance there, and nothing more to strive for. “I don’t know what I want.”
If what Dr. Menuge says in this interview is true, and I think it is, then a person who believes in materialism can neither ground free will nor rationality! So atheism wouldn’t really be freethought so much as it would be… un-free… non-thought.
before all things it is necessary that he hold the catholic faith,
● Is the money taxed?
Case in point: Most volunteers assume they will run to let off steam in their new country. However, running here is a cause of stress more so than a release. You get stared at as a foreigner here. These are stares that know no shame. Stares that you can feel without seeing. They are honest and curious stares, but can crack even the kindest of spirits. But a foreigner in shorts? Running? That is unheard of. Running here means being followed by hordes of children, the last thing you need when trying to let off steam.
I had so much fun making that! First I picked out my fabrics for the petals so I could do colonial knots in the same colors in the white spots of my checkered middle ball. I stuffed it with 100% cotton stuffing, but now I wish I had used a cut off styrofoam ball 'cause the pins wouldn't be as likely to fall out. (No fear of stabbing yourself that way either.) I will be making another one within a week or so, and I will take pics along the way so I can show you the process!
Coors Light and Miller Lite are the nation's No. 3 and No. 4 brands. The top selling brands are Bud Light, at 42 million barrels, up 0.1%, and Budweiser, at 23.1 million barrels, down 6.1%. Rounding out the top 10 are Natural Light, Corona Extra, Busch Light, Busch, High Life and Heineken.
for the Mighty One has done great things for me—holy is his name.
Oh me? Oh, yeah, things are fine. As always. They’re just dandy…
I am working on my own weight loss. I have lost almost 12 pounds so far. People keep asking me how I'm doing it.
Daniel Ilkanayev, 36, New York, N.Y.
it forward in these new clothes and his poetic sense of description and
So Ordered.
Body Image: here things diverge a little – I’m feeling better about my body all the time, my wife, not as much, and hers yells nasty things at her, but I think she looks killer hot, even if she doesn’t believe that.
This small edition (measuring 3.5 x 5.75) easily fits in your pocket so you can take it with you wherever you go. Be warned: the book is full of puerile, offensive, and sometimes out-right gross insults. Use with caution.
There website The Woombie is named after these sleeper things they make, I wish i knew about these when mine were that age!
Clover used to be an adorable little ball of fluff and ears. Was she not the cutest thing ever??
Here’s something I didn’t know:
Thanks for stopping by and having a read of my blog. I will have to start to posting more often but I'm snowed under with cross stitching projects. I have a baby sampler to finish by early next month. I will post a photo as soon as it is finished.
He thanked Goldstein for fighting “a principled, very courageous and at times very difficult fight” and saluted Hagan for “ talking to every single person in the neighborhood.”
First, notice the pelvis here. Super long bolts with nuts on each end allow you to tighten or loosen to attain the look you want.
Zest of 1 lemon, juice of half a lemon
Kingdom. You can find comfort in your darkest hour
What an amazing woman! I can't imagine how hard it must be to run an animal rescue out of one's own pocket. That kind of dedication to animals is what keeps my faith in the world alive.
07 Never in a Million Years
At the moment I enjoy the peace and quiet of the morning. I have taken to coming into work early (to beat the traffic) and I write while enjoying my first cup of tea of the day.
This exhibition created in association with WILDWORKS was a mash up of fashion, site-specific installation art, history, poetry and performance. It really and truly was enchanting. Kensington Palace's show The Enchanted Palace continues until January 2012.
Of course no Thai show or exhibition would be complete without pretty girls promoting the products. Not only are they pretty but they have also learned their product pitch by heart. They put all their acting skills into the job. They’re always happy to have their photo taken – but this show was so crowded it was hard to take a good photo.
But does John Carter work as a movie? I think so, for the most part. The touches of humor help, but maybe the story is fundamentally a bit too cheesy for modern viewers. John Carter jumping up to the tower was farfetched. The schemes of the Therns were too cryptic to be scary. Somehow I never really got emotionally involved. Yet the movie was visually interesting and kept me entertained. In my opinion, John Carter is worth seeing in the theaters, at least for a matinee, if you enjoy science fiction and fantasy movies.
Don’t glorify your body of humiliation. Don’t buy such expensive clothing for your body to wear. Don’t buy such an expensive car for your body to ride around in. Don’t buy such an expensive house for your body to live in. You may buy all kinds of excellent things, but your body still remains poor and dying.
he never quite understands;
So, I like it. I really like it. If you are looking for a big sturdy notebook that can hold up to ink...you have another choice, check out Office Hero and the Black N Red. Now I am going to go work on my Copperplate and watch Shawshank.
Really, was there any other chick that would do?
Well, it's not completely finished, but it's almost there. The carpenter is coming back later this week to complete the finish work, and after that the closet will be ready for painting. At the moment, it's hard for me to imagine the finished product, but I know in a week's time, it should be ready for the reveal.
The brief was to include shoes and handbags and can you believe it I don't own a a handbag stamp ! So, I've had to improvise and use a topper from the bottom of a drawer ! I made the background using a selection of Tim Holtz, Katzelkraft and Tanda stamps. The text panel is made using the Stampin' Up En Francais stamp. The shoes are made using my Clarity shoe stamp, masking off the first one and stamping a second. They've been coloured with a Prisma Pencil and then I've added some Glossy Accents. The frame is made from thin chipboard, painted with acrylic paint then with Paper Artsy Crackle Glaze and then another coar of acrylic paint. The flower is made from grunge paper that I've stuck pieces from an old book to and then die cut using the Tattered Flowers die.
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven,we were all going direct the other way-- in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only."
3. Volunteer
This is just a post about some of the things going on in my life for the present.
Mr Paul Colditz, chief executive officer of the Federation of Governing Bodies of South African Schools (Fedsas), has expressed his shock at the “barbaric behaviour”.
"How did I do?" I asked, when I was finished.
I know girls, I have girly stuff.
Thanks for the opportunity to win (perhaps!) as I'm never lucky enough to be part of the blog candy give-away!
Gone by Ferlin Husky
It’s who I am, don’t have to try hard
Next up is a long jam: the Allman Brothers’ live version of In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed. Perhaps my favorite song of all time. I used to fall asleep to that song in 1969. Not because it was boring, but because it was on late-night FM radio. I would always play it whether I was awake… or not. It soothed my soul. Still does.
3:50 p.m. Faux Finale
ME: And that is supposed to fit in my bag? OK, do I need to bring a heating unit too? And some nurses uniforms? And lunch for 6? And a doctor? And some walls? And...
Annie turned away from her. “Fencing’s different. I already have a coach, a team. I’ve worked hard, I’ve earned my way onto the team, didn’t need anyone to buy my way onto it.”
“Don’t beat yourself up about it, sir. I’m sure you did your best. This ORB play by post game never had a chance. She was DOA.”
She is whole. She is no longer fractured between childhood and adulthood or between potential and fulfilment. Jumping to the mat, a slow motion allows her, for a few seconds, to fly. The camera that stalked behind her head or whose gaze violated is now hers. And she is ready for her Close-Up.
indicating that said first character believes that said first character has been wronged by a perpetrator;
Dwight Waldo (born September 28, 1913) was an American political scientist. He made a great impact in modern public administration. His most influential work was The Administrative State which was published in 1948. He was the vice-president (1976-77), then later, president (1977-78) of the National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration. His other professional leadership positions have included the vice presidency of the American Political Science Association (1961-62), editor-in-chief of the Public Administration Review (1966-77), and the vice presidency of the American Society for Public Administration (1985-86).
”If there are pressures they are coming from keeping up with the Joneses and our higher expectations,” Mr Phillips said. ”We’re spending bigger, and on a wider range of goods and services, such as private schools, and we’re spending more on discretionary or luxury items, like restaurants.”
For me, the most valuable player on the pitch for Bayern was Manuel Neuer. He stopped two crucial pk’s and he kept Madrid at bay over the course of the tie. Bayern looked like the stronger, more fit, and more determined team and they deserve to be in the final.
- Some of the movie’s action scenes and moments of spectacle really aren’t too bad.
Someday, it comes around a little quicker than they told you
Artistic Director: Adolphe Binder
2. The previous bill was heavily criticised by MSPs, medical practitioners, palliative care charities, religious groups and legal experts for being both unclear and unethical. Furthermore, 87% of all who made written submissions to the scrutinising committee were opposed to it. The committee also overwhelmingly recommended that it be rejected.
After the movie, we stopped at Adobe Gilas for some refreshement and a naughty birthday dinner of devilish munchies-- jalapeno poppers and nachos. Naughty... but sooooo nice. I know that I will work off the extra calories at boot camp tomorrow... Sometimes one simply has to eat whatever they desire. I have no regrets. It's my birthday and I ate what I wanted to.
My name is Danielle ******, and my son Jacob ****** is a second grade student at Lighthouse Elementary School in *******, Florida.
Poster #3: Blade Runner. This is the one that I have the most reservations about. There isn’t really any specific image or object associated with this film. At least, not in the way the derby is with Clockwork Orange, or the lens of HAL is with 2001.
Do you yell about food? Do you argue about how much your child should eat? Shame them for eating too much? Bribe them into eating more? Fight about candy? Read about my journey of letting go of candy in my post "I Love Candy."
Now, as I hauled all of my infested stuff back out, I didn’t feel quite so superior. Instead, as I emptied bag after bag of clothes into a row of commercial dryers, flinching at the sight of every bedbug-size piece of lint, I felt utterly, insurmountably alone.
I’ve been posting so much stuff about the new baby that I feel like I’ve neglected my other baby. So, I’m going to start off this week’s post with some Anna cuteness.
You drill a quarter inch hole in the back
Die Versions Font Dies
Last but not least – nice that Juliet figured out Catherine was the one behind Tessa’s attack but the whole plot of actually meeting/flirting with Cash the basher in the hotel was a bit much though. I liked that Juliet actually tried to be a friend to Tessa in this one and I also liked that she turned on Catherine too. However I don’t think the last course of action is going to do Juliet any good though.
Somehow, 28 months have passed in the blink of an eye and at a snail's pace at the same time. And here we are at the finish line. Finally. It almost seems like time should have been standing still, now ready to begin again - but it's over two years later, and I am in awe of the poised young lady we now have in our midst. She has faced every challenge with quiet strength and a wisdom and confidence well beyond her years. She has moved through this experience with grace and determination and, quite often, a smile. She has been patient and trusting and never ever doubtful. And she soundly and decidedly kicked leukemia's butt.
Physical Abnormalities: I have unusually large feet. They are abnormally large, like size 16. Someone has referred to them as my “firm foundation” once. Yeah sure. Either that or I just have ginormous feet.
Hello and Happy Halloween! Yes, even if you might not realize it when looking at my card... it's the 31st of october! But wait until you see my card for the birthday blog hop of Stempeleinmaleins later... ;) But for now I am sharing something christmassy for our new challenge at Stamps&Fun=Creativity. Our theme for the next week is "vintage".
To love learning and to have a desire to know more.
So to all you generous people out there:
Death is a fearful thing for many for it is the fear of the unknown. . Even though one may claim to be an atheist he still in his heart has a feeling for a sovereign being. That feeling motivated the Philippian jailer in Acts 16:30 to ask the apostle, “What must I do to be saved?” He feared the unknown and desired salvation from the evil prospect of it.
There's a My Weekly Special out at the moment, dated May 8th-June7th, and is a commemorative issue for the Golden Jubilee. Inside is a facsimile of the Coronation edition from 1953.
This recipe was a winner with them and with me. I have been eating them for my breakfast this week and will be sad today after it eat the last one and they are all gone!!! I want to try them with apricots and white chocolate - a favorite combination that I used to buy at the deli at my old job. The texture of these scones matches those...just need to get the add ins to match too.
~1 jalapeno pepper, sliced
The movie’s scenery is just as packed as its close-quarters cast. The storm-besieged labyrinthine house is filled with secret passages, apparitions, skeletons, figures lurking in the shadows, creaking, slamming, self-locking doors, coffins, flickering candles, severed heads and an automatic organ. Organs also feature in the typical music score, along with voices wailing in piercing Theremin fashion.
Machicolated parapets,
Timothy Egan, The New York Times
Isn't that great? Things-Worth-Knowing is my great attempt to share with you all the things that I have been Blessed to know. Everything I blog about are my own personal opinions/views (some professional) and I blame no one other than myself for it...lol
Sam: Because I sprayed your stuff.
2011 winner Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull Racing) 66 laps in 1hr 39m03.301s (186.020km/h)
People who lived through the 1960s and many younger people today, think well of the fashions, the tolerance, social reform/transformation, new liberal ideas, “sex, drugs & rock ‘n’ roll” and England winning the football World Cup.
RARE!
Song of Ice and Fire series by George R.R. Martin
fly kites
That night, Katz talked about the work he and others had done in the Philippines to assess the growth or decline of human trafficking in response to an interdiction effort known as Project Lantern, sponsored by the Gates Foundation. The evening’s conversation veered from eye-popping stories about the conditions in which young sex workers live, to eyelid-challenging sidebars on sample size and researcher bias.
since I've had you near.
2 tablespoons cornstarch
My showers are about five minutes shorter than they used to be but brushing my hair takes about five minutes longer so I’m not really saving any time.
Nok sculptures are regarded as iconic artifacts from Africa and Mrs Arman’s lawyer, Charles Rosenzweig, said the accident was ‘a loss of world heritage.”But the president of Louise Blouin Media (Art+Auction’s owner) said the company was not liable over the loss.
Let’s examine some early lighting devices and sconces. For your perusal are old whale oil / betty lamps, sconces, candle holders and burners.
You'll also notive that everything above the painters tape is on the cutting plate. The rest should hang off, so that it does not get cut. I used the painter's tape as a guide for where the cutting plate should be.
So I’m going to just sit tight again and wait for the next patch, and maybe an actual statement saying what exactly went wrong in the offices of More Like Electronic Farts.
It was a warm run today. My first run at this temperature since I started training in January. The run felt pretty good, but I was definitely sweating heavily by the time I got back home. (The dog wouldn’t leave me alone — she thought that I made a really delicious salt lick!)
Do you know about ScrapAce?! They offer one deal per day at a SUPER LOW PRICE!!! Sign up!! This My Mind's Eye Follow Your Heart (Rhonna Farrer) 6x6" pads and stamp sets was one of those great deals and this collection was just released at 2012 Winter CHA!!
It remains one of the highest compliments when someone tells you that you know how to keep it real. I was very fortunate that during my career, I was always known as such a person.
Another technique you'll notice, is that I sort of shake the can as I spray, I don't just hold it straight to the subject. I never really noticed that I did that, until I started watching this video. The reason I do it, though, is so that build-up doesn't occur on my painting subject, thus resulting in drips.
2. You sweat buckets
Hum!!!
Every day we get the opportunity to start again. That’s what I did this morning, I started again. Does it suck to have back tracked? Regressed? .. Taken several steps forward and then doubled back in a fourth of the time? You bet! But what’s the other option? There is no other option. Giving up isn’t an option. Staying stagnated isn’t an option. COMPROMISING IS NOT AN OPTION.
Massive earthquakes would strike, he said. Believers would ascend to heaven and the rest would be left to wander a godforsaken planet until Oct. 21, when Camping promised a fiery end to the world.
4. Hip Hop Kido
With our D5, we are up to 11 minutes! Yeah! Lots of pics to come on what we've been up to, but not a lot to share unfortunately. Every time I make a new file, save, close and take to school to print (I usually do this for B&W) the file has disappeared once I get to school. This has happened to EVERY document I've made the past week! Surely, it isn't me...... I've lost hours of work..... so not very happy!
There is no record of how the secretary of state or others in the room reacted to the suggestion.
Hilary Harris is a nearly forgotten avant-garde filmmaker, though he won an Academy Award (for best short subject) in 1962 and is generally acknowledged as a pioneer of time-lapse photography, particularly for his admirable 15-year time-lapse vision of New York City, Organism. His earlier dance film 9 Variations on a Dance Theme is even more obscure, but it's a potent examination of both the human form and of film form, and how the aesthetics of the camera can interact with the human body. The film is as simple and direct as its title suggests. In a bare, undecorated studio, a young woman (Bettie de Jong) in a cloth leotard enacts a simple series of dance movements, starting and ending in a reclining position on the wood floor, and in between gracefully flowing through an elegant, slow-motion set of pirouettes and fluid turns. She repeats this dance nine times, and each time Harris varies his filming methods to capture her movements in subtly different ways.
I was listening to the classical music station while driving the 15 minutes home from town the other day, and a piece of music came on the radio that I hadn’t heard in a long time. A piece of music that is steeped in my family’s lore. A piece of music about which no one can be neutral.
Flowing, flowing, flowing tears don’t stop flowing
So she took her knowledge of what she learned and how she faced the crisis, and how she didn’t let it turn her life completely upside-down or ruin her family, and she wrote a book about it.
In the midst of all of this, a friend sent me a text to let me know she was thinking of me; that she wished she was closer so she could help out. Her husband is deployed. I realize how easy my day is.
A detail you may not have known about my fiancé - sometimes he's gangster.
AA: What other stories in HTWWW2 have caught your eye?
Honorary Beer Scribe for Guest on Tap
JAS: Ok, so, how do you escape from that trap?
And now we have all new nice and modern plumbing. We also capped and removed an old stack that ran to a dry well in the backyard. Now it's all consolidated into one nice little space that we can frame around without creating extra an bulkhead, bump out, or soffits.
-chokeslam in the ring by Kane! 1….2… 2½!
I am struggling with my ADD
"You looked pretty last night when we were going somewhere." (melted mom's heart)
With a gift of encouragement,
I believe Caine’s heavy reliance on Bishop as a villian to bring ultimate fear to the residents of Morganville has left me distinctly unimpressed by this new foe despite their obviously lethal attributes.
After the end of British rule in 1947, Cox’s Bazar remained as a part of East Pakistan. Captain Advocate Fazlul Karim, the first Chairman (after independence from the British) of Cox’s Bazar Municipality established the Tamarisk Forest along the beach to draw tourist attention in this town and also to protect the beach from tidal waves. He also donated many of his father in law’s and his own lands for establishing a Public Library and a Town Hall for the town. He was inspired to build Cox’s Bazar as a tourist spot after seeing beaches of Bombay and Karachi, and one of the pioneers in developing Cox’s Bazar as such. He founded a Maternity Hospital, the Stadium and the drainage system by procuring grants from the Ford Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation through correspondence. Mr. T. H. Matthews, the principal of the Dacca Engineering College (1949~1954) was his friend who had helped him in doing this. Engineer Chandi Charan Das was the government civil engineer who had worked on all these projects. In 1959 the municipality was turned into a town committee. In 1961 the erstwhile Geological Survey of Pakistan initiated investigation of radioactive minerals like monazite around the cox’s bazar sea-beach area and a number of precious heavy minerals were identified the same year. In 1971, Cox’s bazar wharf was used as a naval port by the Pakistan Navy’s gunboats. This and the nearby airstrip of the Pakistan Air Force were the scene of intense shelling by the Indian Navy during Bangladesh Liberation War. During the war, Pakistani soldiers killed many people in the town including eminent lawyer Jnanendralal Chowdhury. The killing of two freedom fighters named Farhad and Subhash at Badar Mokam area is also recorded in history.
We already know that Greece borrowed most of its debt from the ECB and American banks. We also know that US banking firm Goldman Sachs held a seminar in Greece during 2006 aimed at ‘teaching’ the then Athens Government how to lie to Brussels about the size of its borrowings.
(1) Creepy! There should be a death penalty for homosexuals.
Technology & Internet
A new band with the previously featured Greg Cee on the roster. Much like the solo work of Greg Cee, this band plays loud and howling garage punk. At risk of saying so about too band submitted bands, they remind me of the early Ty Segall bands like Party Fowl and Epsilons. But I just as easily might say Tyvek or Nohopekids. Hope they realize how happy I am to get some garage sent in, been hankering it all the more since some conversations with people that are less than fans of the genre.
So I actually brewed my first Russian Imperial Stout last night and it seemed to be a success. I started off a couple days ago by making a huge yeast starter with 5 pints of water and 2 cups of DME. This is about double what a normal yeast starter is I believe. I had a couple issues and learnings from creating my yeast starter which I can talk about at another time.
Copyright ConnieD. 2012. All rights reserved.
Here is the complete lineup in case you get lost along the way.
Mr. Margaret Bassackwards: Well of course. She’s a very articulate child, really. Never once camera shy.
Kerry was fine, but I responded to him cerebrally, not emotionally. He seemed a sensible choice, and a generally right-thinking person, other than the ever-lovin' war, of course. Sadly, though, I watched him, too, fall to the same evil slander - worse, even, this was a frickin' WAR HERO - that felled Gore. And, I knew it was going to happen when I cast my vote; hence, I was totally dejected when I did it.
32 more lines to get sugar…
'I heard her," I said. 'Emily came to me and pointed out her burial so that I wouldn't miss it.'
We are to have an everlasting longing for our eternal home with Him.
A new forever friend was the best part of all. ♥ ♥ ♥ Thank you Autumn.
Level 19: Weapon ATT: +19, Accuracy: +7%, Proc Rate: 55%, Deals 217% damage 2 times.
registered Communist he’s ever pleasured himself to.
The best gift you can give your cadet is to learn as much as you can about the school and the process so you can be an encouraging presence to them. Reading the various sections of the school website is a great start.
...and the box makes a great home for a 'congratulations' sentiment which fits in nicely with its heart swirls and hand with heart motif! Give the hand a rhinestone ring and you suddenly have an engagement card and the brushed silver card base just adds to the celebratory feel.
*For those of you that are familiar with the medieval period, you’re probably jumping up and down right now, yelling “John of Gaunt!” or “Beaufort!” (or maybe you’re yelling something else at me!). Yes, John of Gaunt (son of Edward III) had four children with his mistress Katherine Swynford and given the surname Beaufort (after one of John’s properties). And yes, they were eventually legitimized by the pope and their cousin Richard II when John scandalized everyone and married Katherine (their children were adults by then). But this was under the medieval Catholic Church, where rules could be bent for the right price, and John was a very powerful man. And this legitimacy was questioned a couple of generations later when Henry Tudor, great-great-grandson of John through his eldest Beaufort son, claimed the English throne. The Regency was several hundred years after the Reformation, andBritain’s aristocracy was (for the most part) steadfastly Protestant. Different time, different church, different rules.
I instructed Mike to stop looking at his legs and to just look up and around. It was a cool but absolutely beautiful Saturday afternoon. He said that everything had a certain glow to it. “The perspective from up here is so nice.” I took my arm out from under his and within a few minutes told Sammy to do the same. There he was, standing completely unassisted with 100% of his weight on his previously crushed legs. I felt this was a HUGE breakthrough in my personal ministry and also for many others who have been pursuing more from the Lord – I wanted to be able to accurately retell Mike’s story. My hope is that we might be able to put together a little video testimony as well.
This weeks theme at Lili's Little Fairies is Anything Goes whoo hoo how awesome is that. Thank gosh because I had made this card up a few weeks ago and hadn't posted it on my blog yes so thankful it fits the anything goes theme. I know totally cheating.
As the days went by, The Boy started to open up to The Book, a discourse that he found hard to share with anyone because of the harsh life he had led, and The Book always seemed to understand. He started to let his walls down, feeling that he could be vulnerable to The Book.
The accompanying catalogue and the shop at the end is as much a part of the exhibition as the main exhibits, Grayson Perry had a hand in the content and design of both.
You can also shir the entire bodice section, without any space. It just depends on the look you want.
* 2 tbsp garlic powder (2 cloves minced)
At this rate, this will be the craziest March Madness in the history of the tournament. Almost every game is down to the wire and anyone can beat anyone else. While Kentucky is playing at a higher level than every other team in the field, it is a toss-up for the matchups in the round of 32. If you ignore that seeds of the teams and compare them without a bias, there is very little separating the teams who remain in the tournament.
“O murder, how did you hear?” Lucky asked, after I told him that I knew (it’s just like you couldn’t keep anything like that to yourself), and if I knew it surely almost everybody else did. Well, so be it. Then the gloom set in. If I knew about Lucky and the Mexican lady, then Lucky knew about the Mexican lady and me, and if we found out what each other did, then everybody knew. But I was unwilling to confess, yes. Still my shame was there for all to see. I did it. Definitely I did. I admitted I did. Down with hypocrisy! And I was afraid that it wouldn’t be the last time because I liked the gal. See! She was nice. So see I jumped at the chance. Like the horny bastard I was. After Lucky planted the seed in my head. But as guilty as he was? Somebody may perhaps hint that I had been willing. That was obvious. I never made a bigger mistake. Excuse me, one of us could’ve gotten her preg-nut. What a good time is to you may be a nightmare to me while you think we’re equally to blame. But it could’ve meant the end of the world, me a white guy, as everybody in town would agree, as they must, or offend everybody. What I won’t tell is where I took her. New experience for me! And she wouldn’t let me take her bra off. And it was where we could’ve been discovered. And there was several agonizin’ minutes when we came close to gittin’ caught (when a priest walked through) from such a close call at sucha hour on sucha and sucha night at so much cost. Like I knew that it was wrong.
Thanks so much for sharing a little beauty and inspiration with the rest of us, Wendy. Your blog is like a favorite book...that doesn't have to be returned to the library and won't ever get lost between the car seats. Thanks.
What’s new:
photo sources:
The Marine resident then found Everette struggling with another Marine who was a guest in the home and shot Everette once in the rear end.
Science motivates people who like to reason, to stay clean.
etc etc. the point is that large-scale intelligence operations have little or nothing to do with James Bond type spy thriller stories, but of cultural survival. In making that point, he is right. And that is what this blog is mainly about, however obliquely and haphazardly I approach the topic(s).
I did have the intention of dropping by you all but I have had a crazy time at work and I got an amazing 65 (!!!!) entries... Thank you all so much for wanting to celebrate with me!!
I know we all have other things going on in our life. I don’t expect people to basically live at the church because we are volunteering for every project under the sun. I just wish people would be obedient when they feel that nudge to volunteer when a new project comes along. I truly believe God wants us to accomplish certain things at church and in our community, and if God wants those things accomplished, He is calling people to do it. But too many people think “I do enough, let someone else, I volunteered for something a while back so I’m good now, etc. etc.” And then they don’t step up. Or you have people who step up begrudgingly and have bad attitudes the whole time.
Tiffany A White is the most facetious of all artists, for just when her fans fall in love with her art, she’ll change art forms. Last month she was a comic artist and this week she’s a novel writer. Looking forward to her debut novel, and I’m wondering what she’ll try next!
The biomechanics
1. Proximity to the sea – the sanity of dipping one’s toes into the water and walking bare foot along the sand at the end of the day is hard to beat – (NB I am not talking about a North Sea blue to the bone type of seaside exposure at this point.)
Serve hot with sambar or any spicy chutney..
My local rag the 'Liverpool Echo' trails the headline 'Over 45's Drink More Alcohol.' What does this mean? Does it mean they all had a drink one night and then decided to risk a second? Do they drink more than they used to? Is it meant to say that they drink more than the under 45's? Nothing in the article substantiates the latter two conclusions. Someone aged over 45 drinking a couple of pints or glasses of wine every night isn't necessarily drinking more than the teenager who binge drinks at weekends. Also if they've been drinking those couple of pints every night for last ten years then they haven't increased their consumption either and indeed quite possibly may have reduced their consumption over time.
Q: Besides blogging, are you also on Facebook? If no, what other social online communities are you a part of?
Bingo Masters Breakout
7. How will a Mrs. Bissessar led UNC government improve the quality and performance of the Police Department? Do you have any specific measures to deal with this issue?
Until then, here are some items I have been working on. Most of these were done before we went on our little vacation.
*Queen Blogger
Last week, the Nassau Interim Finance Authority declared the county’s finances to be in the hole to the tune of $275 million. In his 2011 year-end report issued yesterday, Maragos said current fiscal results indicate the County likely ended the year with a surplus of $300,000.
You say Mumbai, I say Bombay
How true. As are her observations on collecting “stuff,” the choices that bless and burden our generation of women, how much of life is surprise and happy accident, the importance of girlfriends, “the joists that hold up the house of our existence.”
Upon some prodding, he agreed but said in his first-grade voice, "I'll take him, but I'm not going to grow fond of him." He did not name the fish.
Hubby has been home for two nights, it has been so nice to have him home. He has some leave time before he actually gets deployed. I just started getting used to him being gone and "BAM", here he is again. I think it is going to make it that much harder when he leaves again. We have been doing nothing really, we have stayed home and just hung out. I have a lot of homework that is getting in the way of this off time of his. He is at drill right now taking a few classes for the deployment. I have been reading out of my med/surg book in order to study some for my test on Wednesday. I am about to start my careplan in a little while. It's not due until the 1st of April but I don't need to be a procrastinator. I have always been the worlds worst about procrastinating.
In Texas, I have the right to defend myself, my family AND my property using lethal force. I'll do it, too, if I have to. But what I won't do is see some schmuck rummaging around the neighborhood and then go chasing him down and doing the Sergeant Joe Friday dragnet routine. My taxes pay our cops to do that. And even though they rarely do a very good job at it, I ain't doing it anymore.
While Cecily struggles to find her place amongst the snobby English landowners, Gwenhwyfar struggles just to survive. And outside the city walls, tensions are rising ever higher—until finally they must reach the breaking point.
- Remembering that I’m healthy, happy and living a life that I’m proud of.
CC told me that she had spoken to Dr N about my notes and he had no problems releasing them, I am still waiting on getting hold of them having chased them up last week, the woman dealing with the Subject Access Request at the hospital has been extremely helpful every time I have spoken with her. I posted the request on the 9th March allowing for weekend post the Mental Health Trust should have received it on the 12th March, I had an acknowledgment that my local hospital mental health services department received a copy on the 15th, therefore given today it has been 49 days, they are 9 days over the 40 calendar days they have. I shall give leeway on the fact we have had Easter in that period, I am generous like that, although CC tells me today she has not had anything to check or sign as of yet…
she relaxes upon the ground so firm and
*Please note that completion of all assignments is required to pass the course.
I am still going to be posting make up ideas to the blog but i would like you all to take a second and visit my "sister" blog Called "Violet Rose Cupcake". It is a newly created by me blog where i will be posting ideas and recipes for cupcakes and possibly cakes :)
I listen to that beautiful song you showed me on repeat, compulsive. Picking at bloody fingernails all the while. It stresses me out to think of you now, but I don’t want to stop. Mellow vocals fill weary vessels, remind me of how you used to smile with your whole body whenever we spoke of nothingness.
2. In a medium sauce pan, boil 1 quart of water. Add the raisins and simmer for 5 minutes. Drain the raisins. Move the raisins to another container. Add the bourbon to the raisins. Cover for as long as 1 hour, or refrigerate overnight. The raisins should look slightly plumped.
The U.S. president gets elected by indirect voting through an institution called Electoral College. 538 electors represent 50 U.S. states and Washington D.C. U.S. citizens cast their ballots (popular vote) on Election Day. Electors are supposed to vote according to the results of the popular vote in the state they represent. The candidate that receives at least 270 electorial votes is elected.
And aye the ale was growing better:
+ Abney Park
Not many.
The Matron knows busy. Joe wasn't.
-Wheat. (No surprise here, I figured with my history of gluten sensitivities she likely had it too).
The boyfriend facepalmed when I said “You’d never know there’s a half kilo of veggies in this.” And I realised I say that every time I make lasagne or chili – I’m just so predictable. But honestly! You’d have no idea.
Of course I had moments of happiness.
“She’s wonderful. Tell her I’ve never seen such beautiful hands. I wonder what she sees in you.”
04 - Teenage Dreams
Happy – I have been a lot happier since I have started on this journey.
he needs me to enjoy this. even if things are going to end badly.
But here we are...
have, even what he has will be taken away” (from Matthew 25:29)
So plastered that when a cop asked her to remove her shoes, she stripped naked.
"at the drop of a hat,"
The two armchairs (upholstered in this Osbourne & Little fabric) will serve as seating for when clients first enter and are waiting for Brittany and Vaido. They can also be pulled up to the table should Brittany and Vaido ever have more than four people at a tasting.
Liebster is a German word meaning favourite,dearest or beloved , and is awarded to up-coming blogs with less than 200 followers.
I feel utterly unable to make a decision about a pile of things that range in importance from "extremely" to "not at all." So in no particular order, here they are:
Greetings, horror maniacs! Do you smell that aroma lingering in the air? It's the scent of fire and brimstone cooking in a hideous underworld of tortured souls. That can only mean one thing: another episode of Sinister Spotlight has arrived! Oddly enough, that delicious smell also coincides nicely with the feature that is up for inspection today. It is Nobuo Nakagawa's 1960 surreal epic Jigoku!
In comes master pop,
Here are 30 completed mauve colourway squares.
Ok, because of the popular demand, I'll scan a picture of his flatulant train when he gets it back from his teacher.
I look forward to days I can finally be a mom. I say that not because I think moms that work outside the home aren't real moms, but because I think I only half-ass being a mom right now. Lila goes to some pretty great homes during the week that are filled with LOVE. She learns a lot from these grandmas and she LOVES them all so VERY much. I don't get to feed her breakfast and lunch everyday and take her to the park and watch her run. I don't get to put her down for afternoon naps and cuddle with her when she wakes up.
Designed by the English Architectural company Grimshaw Architects which also designs many other buildings with the idea of biomimicry in mind. Grimshaw Architects are a great source for research when it comes to the field of biomimicry architecture.
I followed rather pensively. What had occurred was, of course, so much velvet, as you might say. I mean, I had wanted a braced Fink-Nottle— indeed, all my plans had had a braced Fink-Nottle as their end and aim —but I found myself wondering a little whether the Fink-Nottle now sliding down the banister wasn’t, perhaps, a shade too braced. His demeanour seemed to me that of a man who might quite easily throw bread about at lunch.
Jim Northrup
16:05: Patrick Basham fields a question from Chris Snowdon by opining that the welfare state is used by government as a club to beat smokers with. That we must dictate what others do because all of society pay for it. He says this is a false premise as it's clear that smokers cost society less money, not more.
There was a tiny baby born last night.
This was going to be awesome. And I probably wouldn't die.
In the 2011 Suzuka Grand prix Felipe Massa was reporting understeer and his race engineer Rob Smedley radioed “Ok, we will do that rear wing thing”. At Massas subsequent pitstop, the rear wing gurney was removed. Reducing rear downforce to balance the car.
Here is the cooked product ...
4.The episode is set in the year 2015 in a Welsh village.
I originally intended to write this What went wrong with Intute post ages ago, but put it aside, and I hope that I can still remember enough of the detail for it to be accurate. If anyone who was involved points out any factual errors in this post, I’ll be happy to edit them. There was a feature article the other day in Searcher entitled The Decline and Fall of the Library Empire, which mentioned the sort of things that the subject gateways, the RDN and Intute worked on (see the quote below), and this got me thinking once more about writing this post.
Tim's bicycle courier friend Tyres pops round for a cup of tea and decides to take the gang clubbing, forcing Brian to relive a terrible event in his past (where a spilled drink during Dexys Midnight Runners' Come On Eileen had disastrous results). Mike, thrown out of the Rough Ramblers following a disastrous eskimo roll (which was more a case of 'rolling right Inuit'), rediscovers his manhood with the help of some ecstasy and a remix of the The A-Team theme. And Tim and Daisy have their eyes opened.
Councilman Rice quickly objected that the tabling motion was improper, because no other urgent matter had arisen; he was overruled by Councilman Berliner after consulting with legal staff in the chamber about the procedural rules involved, and the motion to table the curfew amendment passed 6-3: Riemer, Leventhal, Elrich, Berliner, Navarro, and Andrews for, and Ervin, Floreen, and Rice against. Berliner clarified the significance of the vote:
I actually am only writing THIS POST because I got on here to look at some of my friends blogs and in order to find them, I had to pull my own up and when I did I saw that it's been nearly a MONTH since I last posted. You know why? Because stinking FB is sucking my brain cells out again. Yes, I returned to it slowly after being off for a month and now I'm back in over my head. Bleck.
The unimaginatively named Rabbinic Excerpts in Medieval Karaite Literature is now another resource scholars of rabbinics must consult on matters of text, readings and reception history of the rabbinic text. But it is also a repository of a culture negotiating its relationship with revered predecessors represented in this world by bitter enemies; a story of cultural appropriation and literary positioning. In that sense, Tirosh-Becker’s book is a collection of artifacts still waiting to be read.
Atmospheric space
The Woodentops:
The estate was acquired from Spanish owners in 1958 on loans guaranteed by the government on condition that it would be distributed at cost to tillers under the Ramón Magsaysay administration’s counterinsurgency program.
Songkran Thai New Year Festival
The one I’ve been using for about a week is “On Duty 24 hours.” It has a very fresh clean scent..not really floral, just clean. Yes, it’s a roll-on and it does roll on nicely, but a huge downside for me is it takes a couple of minutes to dry. When you roll it on, your underarms are pretty wet. I have to sort of flap my arms around before I put my shirt on. I would NOT reach under my shirt and apply this deodorant. I HATE that wet-underam-wet-shirt feeling!!! Ugh. I definitely would let my underarms dry before putting any type of shirt on. Yes, indeed.
Under the Corporate Governance Code, listed companies must provide a framework for risk to be assessed and managed and ensure the necessary human resources are in place to meet business objectives and obligations to shareholders. Alcohol Concern argues that an effective alcohol policy is a material component of business strategy and that, as employees are a key business asset, Boards should have a formal responsibility to address financial losses incurred through their reduced performance caused by alcohol. By failing to do this, and in many cases to even recognise the impact of alcohol misuse, Boards are neither complying with the spirit or the letter of the Code.How do they know all this? Here's the research methodology used by BreathScan:
I promise to keep you posted and show you the photographs. Ideally with paragraphs!
Tom Hanks delivers one of his best performances I’ve ever seen as a survivor of a FedEx plane crash and lone inhabitant of an island somewhere in the Pacific. It was a very convincing effort by him as he makes his pain, suffering and happiness felt all throughout the film. His actions are enticing and it makes you want to know what he does next. Hanks brought the film from start to finish and capped the movie off with a very fulfilling ending. Props to him and also director Robert Zemeckis!
Don't misunderstand here. The Catholic Church is NOT a Christian religion.
we wrote this a few years ago, but fink we could post it again for efurrycat who's wondering how to cope wif the vishus deers that for some reason sandy paws finks are necessary to pull his sled. be sure young kits don't see it unless you approves it, acause the furst part could scare them. for those of you cats who are a little new to the CB, vishus deers were furst identified by skeezix, who works at Mousebreath now wif his food lady. here is a little description.
Do you have a messy todler? Does said toodler like to make messes in the highchair? Does mom get tired of cleaning those spilled bowls of food from the floor? Well so was I! My son LOVES, I mean really loves and enjoys tossing bowls of food everywhere, or even worse, he will pour the food all over himself. One day I was browsing the web when I found Lil Diner, and man was I excited. I instantly started imagining how much easier meal time was going to be for me and the kiddo!
8. (U) Several members of the opposition raised their hands to object to the tabling of the resolution without adequate discussion. Beyene Petros of the UEDF took the floor to warn that "hostile countries might interpret this resolution as a declaration of war." He supported the GOE’s efforts to prepare for war and urged the Council of Ministers to continue its efforts in this regard. Beyene argued that it was unhelpful for Parliament to pass a measure without having done its own investigation into the threat. He concluded that, "we have no intention to deny the GOE support on this issue, since this is a matter of national security, but we must be careful how our actions are interpreted." Bulcha Demeksa of the Oromo Federal Democratic Movement (OFDM) objected to authorizing what he called a "preemptive strike" against the CIC because it would be in contravention of international law. Such illegal action could isolate Ethiopia and make the country vulnerable to reductions in badly-needed assistance. Bulcha argued that the GOE should prepare militarily, but respond to CIC aggression only when its forces crossed into Ethiopian territory. "The first to shoot will be a pariah," he concluced.
7. Don’t be so hard on yourself and don’t take yourself too seriously. (My almost 41-year-old self needs to hear this one.)
That is, according to the Economist’s analysis, Argentina, Brazil, India, Turkey and Vietnam are economies that were dangerously overheated in mid-2011, and whose governments had little policy options to combat a downturn earlier this year. You wouldn’t want to be an econocrat in those countries!
It’s a huge shame really. In a better time the US Navy held the mantel of the flyest of all our armed forces. They were the heroes of the disco era. Even as far back as World War I the Western navies were pretty much at the forefront of camouflage development.
This week my meme will focus on The Immortal Rules – This book was a daring, new direction for Julie Kagawa, author of the Iron Fey series. Luckily, The Immortal Rules is a brilliant dystopian story that has already been optioned for film. Here’s hoping that it actually makes it into production and to the big screen! Needless to say, I am beyond thrilled to showcase this title on my Make it a Movie Monday. Click here to read our review of The Immortal Rules.
So my last question is this: do you believe that such legal thuggery is consistent with your published philosophy of ‘encourag[ing] and inspir[ing] unpublished and self-published writers of all ages’? (text from your website here). Do you believe that it is appropriate or honourable to use legal force to prevent unpublished writers from discussing in public whether your services and awards are right for them? Is that part of the philosophy your awards seek to embrace?
For the past several years, unique prints have been a pretty big defining feature for brands, and for many people was the thing that drew them to the fashion. While there have almost always been unique prints, they were usually understated until the pastel-dancing-bunnies-riding-rainbows-made-of-unicorn-hair Sweet Lolita explosion happened, and after that it seemed like even the other styles were trying to come up with the next bigger and better print. With the rising interest in Classic Lolita it's no surprise that the next big print trend came from Juliette et Justine, a brand that is undeniably Classic.
-we buy a REAL christmas tree…my family always did growing up and now jared and i do it for one of our traditions!
12. Wake Up
Now that the kids are older, she has started the divorce process.
Big gardens like the NYBG and BBG are funny places aren't they? The BBG asked me to do some centerpieces for the opening of their new visitors center and they stressed how important it was that the arrangements be seasonal and local and use native plants. I'm really a geek about keeping our flowers as seasonal and local as possible, so this challenge was right up my alley. After a wild goose chase of calling around long island to see who could guarantee blooming digitalis the first week of May I had a brain wave. I sat down and wrote an email suggesting I donate my time and cut (responsibly!) from the gardens to make truly seasonal, local centerpieces. I loved this idea so much, and have had great experiences cutting responsibly from the NYBG for our classes there. So I was surprised and disappointed to not get a response. I guess they didn't like the idea as much as I did.
3-4 tablespoons of breadcrumbs
The Online Learning News is your direct link to the latest information on trends, new developments, and emerging technologies in online learning available from Contact North | Contact Nord, Ontario’s Distance Education and Training Network.
(OK. I lied, when I speak I don’t say, ‘hehehehe’…I just feel it’s something nice to put to show I felt at that time.)
Oh, sure, I could add my take on Obama’s victory lap (again) on the killing of OBL, but why make myself ill?
About a dozen folks showed up, and we tasted three homebrewed offerings.
Screw you.
For two hours, locals scoured the streets, buying hints from snitches and grabbing clues from the shops, all to find out who murdered Hillary Smith, the bride-to-be of the well-to-do Hawthorne Hatchett. Found dead in her room, the list of suspects included friends, former girlfriends of her fiancé Hatchett, a pushy boss, and even the escort/male dancer for the bachelorette party.
He loves to ride his rocking horse. He gets off and gives it a kiss when the galloping sound stops.
6.) Which characteristic do you wish for?
You can and should participate in that public debate by interviewing and informing candidates, by speaking out and writing letters to the editor and articles for local newspapers, newsletters and blogs, by talking to friends, relatives, fellow workers and members of your church, synagogue or social service organization, and, by voting for candidates who most closely mirror your values, concerns and positions on key issues.
No one can choose who they love
There is also an inground pool, kiddie pool, hot tub, pool table in the rec room and lots of other amenities! The house even has an elevator in it. We will be with Adam's family and Eli should have a blast playing with his cousins too!
I have included the lyrics below and you can also hear and see a video on You Tube for it here:
Upon finding the toy, I refrained from pulverizing its shiny, rectangular form by mortar and pestle, and instead flung it into the depths of the toy box, banning to the darkness with its conspirators.
I think Chopra's chemicals must be pretty random for this to seem like an argument to him. Here's a crazy idea- consciousness and intelligence are byproducts of certian chemical reactions. The two things aren't mutually exclusive. Oh, did someone say neuroscience? Chopra must have been too busy listening to his "greater consciousness" to hear about that little fringe field of study.
The Video acceleration settings for the normal requirements will utilize a 3D graphics processor, this wіll include а Transform аnd Lighting feature inclusive of а sixty four megabytes Video Random Access Memory which іs sufficient to transmit high quality graphics. The ultra settings would bе twісe as much, uѕing а low of оnе hundred and twenty еight megabytes. These threе dimensional graphics cards act aѕ а buffer bеtwеen the RAM аnd Video RAM tо produce well screened images wіthіn а quick time frame, nоt noticed by thе naked eye.
1 ½ cups all purpose flour
Arcadia Coco Loco – solid brew but is more of a bittersweet chocolate character
This article also says e-book users are more likely to buy than borrow. This, in spite of piracy and DRM and all that. LOL Because book sales are supposed to be down and if ebooks weren’t around, would sales be even more down? Just made me wonder is all.
The 1850 census shows at age 28 Thomas M. Ray was working as a mechanic in Twiggs County, GA. He married Mary Jane Albritton on March 3, 1852 in Houston County, GA. She was the daughter of Allen and Rebecca Albritton, and the sister of Matthew H. Albritton.
It’s past dinner time as I write this piece, time for many Dark spies to scour the astral-etheric belt for information from unsuspecting aspirants. Just about thirty (30) months away is the 2012 planetary ascension, after which no more Dark Masters are around to threaten and bamboozle anyone who’s in the Path.
“Because you’re a woman!” she explained.
“These girls are being passed around and used as meat. To stop this type of crime you need to start talking about it, but everyone’s been too scared to address the ethnicity factor. No one wants to stand up and say that Pakistani guys in some parts of the country are recruiting young white girls and passing them around their relatives for sex, but we need to stop being worried about the racial complication.”
* "Let's take revenge a thousand times on the US imperialist wolves!"
First of all, the setting:
Using a catapult & pestle or blender vocation galangal, smack, turmeric initiation, chili paste also legit salt concern a piquancy mixture
The tenth strand of DNA vibrates to the crystal by the name of rhodocrosite and the number is one. And the tenth strand is about addressing all the belief structures that you have adopted from your father. Even if your biological father was not a part of your life those belief systems are still affecting you because you are genetically coded with the information. Is this clear to all of you? So you will need to look at your childhood and try to remember or reflect about anything that you can remember most about your relationship with your father, your stepfather or any father figure as such. And this will show you exactly where in your life you are sabotaging yourself.
You can find my Green Metropolis profile here. Please join in as this is such an easy way to raise money for Dogs Trust! Thank you and woof woof!
(Leave a comment on the redhead post below, this happened after she was posted, so she feels isolated and lonely haha :))
“He promised he was a different kind of Conservative, a Conservative that cared about the NHS – but he has broken all his promises to our NHS.
He reluctantly chooses life, but he cries his heart out at the loss of Wilson. It may be just a stupid volleyball, but it is all he has had for four long years. It is hard to blame Chuck for being so broken up after he lets Wilson go. We can understand it and even feel some of his pain. In the context of the whole movie, it is actually a very moving scene. And yet even though it is perfectly understandable, we know (and even the character Chuck knows) that ultimately, it is just a volleyball. It isn’t a real person. It isn’t worth giving your life for.
Just as we may find things about ourselves in self-reflection, self-examination, and self-observation that are upsetting, unexpected, or even negative, so too is it very likely that we will find things about beings external to ourselves–whether those beings are humans or deities–that are challenging, difficult, trying, exasperating, and even wholly objectionable. However, coming into contact with such difficulties is not a bad thing in itself; indeed, such challenges are the only thing that allows us to grow and change. We do have control over how we grow and change as a result of coming into contact with those difficulties–we can choose to move toward a greater integration, towards productivity and positivity, towards compassion and forgiveness, understanding and love for those things that are different or even abhorrent, or we can choose to move toward disintegration, negativity, and resentment towards those things which are different, and to forego any attempts at understanding or empathy with them. (I think you can guess which one I’d personally advocate as the better choice in almost every case!) It’s one of the dangers and splendors of dealing with other people, whether those people are humans or deities. I think of it in terms of chemistry, really. Water can sit and contemplate itself all the livelong day, but at the end of the day, it will still be water, with a bit of hydroxide (HO-) and a bit of hydronium (H3O+) mixed in there with the good old H2O for good measure. But, it only can really change when it comes into contact with external agents, and those chemical shifts and chemical reactions only occur when those types of contacts exist; whether the water simply changes color, or whether it becomes acidic, varies from situation to situation–even the most caustic acids have their uses when certain substances need to be dissolved! Likewise with us and the “spiritual reactions” that occur to foster our own development.
Some people are lucky to have a pigmented skin and don't tan or burn as quickly as those with a pale skin---but they do burn.
Oh-ho-ho, how wrong you are, Dear Readers.
He was nothing more
We made our way to an empty terminal so we could sleep somewhere quiet and warm. I found the one spot of sun in the whole damn airport and curled up on the floor like a fucking cat. After laying there for ten minutes, a man walked up, and I swear to God, started playing motherfucking paddy cake with himself. Slapping his knees, high fiving himself, tap dancing with his hands, WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU, SIR?
You will need: Craft or embossable ink in color of your choice, clear embossing powder, embossing gun, stamps, and SUGAR FREE Jello in your choice of flavor.
And the more you understand about a metaphor, the more sides from which you are able to view it, the more powerful it becomes. As the children balance across the bridges they've built to connect this place to that, raising their feet up out of the muck, they gain not just in their physical abilities of balance and large muscle control, but also their cognitive ones of anticipation, concentration, and confidence.
Could Zion have been saved if she didn’t play this gamble?
I promise... I will update with a nice meaty post very soon. I am also going to start another blog, that is going to be about me and my issues(so I don't bore you all here) and keep this blog just for my babies and family fun stuff. No more heavy posts here. Promise. But... I do hope you all(or at least some of ya!) come over and follow me at my other blog.
Toni suggests we should go for a “real” four-wheel drive now! So we all hop back into the Defender and ride through the deepest mud a 4WD could possibly get through. I have no words for describing the next hour of driving but I don’t think it get’s any more “off-road” that this!!! Logan, who is experienced in 4WD-ing in sand, is astonished how we keep getting through mud, water, rocks, grass and dirt. Holding on with two hands, both feet and still filming this amazing ride, is hard work, but we manage to get some footage and will upload it onto YouTube as soon, as we get internet here in Italy!
By Pat Tanner
A2 Swastika Girls
"But it really happened."
Have to get a word in before the weekend; which promises to be cold, snowy, & busy!
4. there was respect for leadership–Frantz, Scott, Antoine, Jean Robert, Rene, Josue, Emmanuel, Raymond, Mesene were all respected as the leaders of their churches. And I felt a tremendous respect for me as a national leader in their midst. Interestingly, there was also a broad band of mutuality. In your group, what’s your attitude towards your leadership? If you are a leader, how do you view your people?
Why are the advocacy groups so excited? As we have previously explained, the problem with these laws—enumerating special protections for homosexual categories–is that activist groups are using them as the leverage they need to get things like homosexuality teaching into public school classrooms. For detailed examples, click here.
64. Bats:Human Harvest
Five minutes in the morning and at night we will devote to dedicate our minds to our assignment for today. We start with this review of what our mission is:
Oh, my hair. What a hot, frizz-net mess. Did I actually think the bobby pins would hold in this rat nest? Holy love of Clairol, I can see the fucking gray hairs framing my forehead from here. I’m pretty sure you’re not going to pull a Demi-Ashton relationship, so I bet I’m not even game in your book. You look 30ish. I look like I’m shaking hands with 40 (with asymmetrical boobage, mind you).
*She's talking about the Aggregation Rocket guy in foreground of Saffron Gym, and she's meant to be (as per afterward the guide) traveling into the Affronted Dojo beside it.*
For my money the Meet of the Year. I’m sure there will be some that agree, and those that have their own ideas. So I’ve put up a poll at the top of the page where you can register your votes for the meet you feel was the best of 2010. And feel free to leave comments as I’m curious as to how you viewed this year’s meets. Especially with the Diamond League in it’s first season.
4) It really is kind of stupid.
for the oil ~ half of 3/4 C = 6T
Today, I was also to start the purging of the studio by moving items into the "spare room" then go through and decide what would go back into the studio~
Enclosed is our invitation, terms and conditions and booking form. If you would like any further information or would like to book a space, please contact:
The terrible weapons of my guru,
The Chinese in Japan number roughly 650,000 including newer immigrants from China and old residents from the former Japanese colony of Taiwan. Like in South Korea, the older Chinese residents tend to have links with Taiwan, whilst the newer and more numerous Chinese residents tend to have links with mainland China. There are Chinatowns in several Japanese cities such as Osaka, Nagasaki, Kobe, and the most famous one, Yokohama Chinatown. There are also Chinese schools whereby the medium of instruction is Chinese. There have been quite a few influential Japanese figures of Chinese descent, such as the famous Momofuku Ando, whom was the president of Nissin Foods. He was apparently the inventor of instant cup noodles (ramen) in the 1960s. I was very surprised! This means that the world-famous Asian cup noodles currently sold everywhere was not invented by an ethnic Japanese but actually by an ethnic Chinese...Ando was from Taiwan originally. Then , there's also Sadaharu Oh, the famous baseball player as well as Renho, a current Cabinet Minister and the first Japanese Cabinet Minister to have foreign ethnicity. Her father was from Taiwan and she held Taiwanese nationality until 18.
I am extremely versatile or I never would have made it as far as I have. My experience is wide and varied. My career has taken me to several agencies with vastly different environments. The smallest had 2 employees when I started; the largest had over 500. Technology has allowed me to leave the cubicle environment, drop the commute, and work from my home which I have done for 11 of the past 12 years.
and my one and only copic marker - E02 Fruit Pink
These casinos definitely use a very much higher overhead than on the internet casinos. It is why a great deal of poker sites have opened up on the internet. They can’t perhaps charge you exactly the same amount that actual casinos cost due to the fact they surely aren’t working a excessive upkeep and pricey operation. That is why rakebacks were feasible inside the first location. These are the on the web poker room earnings that could be given back again to very good consumers as an incentive to keep actively playing in their rooms. Contemplate it bribe cash since rakebacks are various from one site to an additional. There is a internet site that doesn’t even offer rakebacks simply due to the fact it is currently popular among game enthusiasts.
One – Ankle wedge boots, with winter on the way and my love of wedges, these are must-haves for my shoe rack!
I hope you have enjoyed this weeks freebies, and they help you a little in your Christmas crafting.
Indiana – “Looks like Virginia – but with better teeth.”
Doctor Who's commander-in-chief, Steven Moffat, writes exclusively for DWM in PRODUCTION NOTES! Find out what the Moff things of his nickname, how he's getting along (or not) with the script for the Christmas Special and what he had for lunch in New York!
As a camp counsellor in the United States, I really enjoyed the outdoorsy, sporty lifestyle. Not because I was necessarily any good at anything. I just liked being outside, getting fit by traipsing up and down hills chasing after my campers. And the American sun gave me a tan, which was a bonus - something the Australian sun could never, ever do without frying me to a crisp.
Let me know if you want me to do reviews on any off these products, I would be more than happy to do it. I tag all off you to do this fun tag. If you do this tag, please feel free to leave your link in the comments below, I would love to see it :)
Reading time followed the board game; she had earned a kit-kat chocolate bar for her successful winning and then followed me upstairs with her book so we could read, now it is time for me to pack up and go to bed, although not a long day, I am catching up on a lot of late nights and early mornings and I still have an e-book to complete.
You illuminate the night
The opposite of the triangular face, the heart-shaped face is characterized by a significantly smaller jaw line and conversely a larger forehead, combined with a small chin. We would recommend aiming for the illusion of a slimmer face, which is most likely accomplished by an oval or rectangular frame; particularly the rimless fames are favourable.
So far so good.
· PRESERVE - Preserving, restoring and improving the local environment
“Okay, but I’m curious about the jumpsuit. You’ve never worn one in your life, so why do you want to wear one in your avatar?”
We’ve also included The Weeknd’s awesome remix of “Shake It Out” for your listening pleasure.
Latin men are cheaters.
12. Peg
Jerry Bridges devotes a whole book to addressing that question. The Gospel doesn’t start and end with heaven. The goal of God was not to save us from hell, although He does do that. The goal of God in sending Jesus was to reconcile us back to Himself. And then to give us Jesus-power to live the Christian life, for Him, and for all to see, that others may know Him and be reconciled back to Him as well.
I went…..to Box Hill to see those rare natural bowers, cabinets and shady walks in the box coppses…..here were such goodly walkes and hills shaded with yew as render the place extreamely agreeable, it seeming to be summer all the winter for many miles prospect
So when you travel into heaven
I started this post last year aka yesterday but I got interrupted, which has been happening a lot lately. I hope the New Year goes as well as the last. I do know it is going to be a busy one. Happy 1/1/11!
Remember and hug the heroes in your life today.
So when destruction lurks unseen, Which men, like mice, may share, May some kind angel clear thy path, And break the hidden snare.
Unite the Union Gibraltar Branch is calling for:
You are starting to get long lean legs - but you still have a little bit of chubby leg rolls - so cute
If I have to do without live shows for a while, it's nice to see the sweet little baby behind it. I get it. I've got kids. However, I'm still holding out for a new CD in 2013.
Busy weekends like this call for some simple, fast meals. We decided to try something a bit different than our usual homemade pizza with marinara sauce. We went with a White Pizza instead. We found this recipe on myrecipes.com, it had been featured in Cooking Light awhile back. It was super easy and soooo yummy.
They have until April 12 to reach their goal, so act now is you are interested. As of this posting, they have $14, 931 courtesy of 303 different donors.
Should there be a kind of import tax on constellations?
Well DUH.
I love you Qahtan and ive always wanted the best for you. I never wanted you to be far away from me wallahi. May Allah bless you and protect you always.
You can leave a PICK ME comment, or a pregnancy-related comment – your call!
of the moon's gaze in a valley of snow.
Belmont also insinuated that Christians have wasted public resources by lodging police reports over the matter:
All curled up in a pink ball. The five inch tail was hardly noticable.
We had chosen to hang around the house and avoid the stress of holiday travel for several reasons. One, most of my extended family lives in upstate Wisconsin, which you can visit only if you can find it under eight feet of snow. My wife’s mother lives closer, about 200 miles away in Charleston, S.C., but the Christmas Day storm that paralyzed much of the South made us consider how much cozier it was sitting by the home fires than behind an 18-wheeler spraying salt all over your car.
Sorry this one got so long, but man, that etymology is no joke. Apparently, historically, people thought left-handedness was for idiots.
Dots and Loops Necklace and Variations (pg. 56); this project features balling wire, punching, wirework, heat patina and forging, just to name a few techniques. I think the result looks like dragon or fish scales and I love it!
-Meditation can be extremely helpful for Sevens, especially for quieting down the mind.
1And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father’s name written in their foreheads.
Reason: Fighting over the Bellville interchange — Codeta wanted to take passengers up to the mall but their rivals were against it.
Billy Taylor (bass)
OG=1.055@69F
We all judge books by their covers. We know we shouldn’t, but sometimes it just happens, right? On some level, even subconsciously, our personal preferences come into play when we look at the cover of a book, and we make that ultimate decision: Is this a book I want to read?
Katherine has just returned from a secret authors’ conference in a magical English shire. This is the view from her room. She’s not allowed to breathe a word of what went on behind closed doors, but she has returned full of crazy ideas that mean I’m going to have to work pretty hard in future, I can tell you!
Drop the biscuits onto a parchment lined baking sheet. At this point the recipe said to bake them THEN brush with butter...but I didn't read the recipe right so I brushed them with butter BEFORE I baked them.
His poem "The Lanyard" is perfect for Mother's Day. In this video, following a very short voice-over intro by Garrison Keillor, Billy Collins reads his poem aloud at a poetry festival.
With the weather being really good this weekend, I managed to get the tatties planted. These are not in the veg patch at the castle but in a veg plot at the farm at the end of the track. There are two first earlies, Arran Pilot and Swift, and the maincrop is Desiree.
The rascal gave the soccer ball a good run around the piazza.
It was one of those moments in history so profound that most people remember exactly where they were and what they were doing when they first heard the news.
The boys and I went out to see my friend's band play and after wandering off from my group, I gained entrance into the dancing trust circle of some guys I had met. I spent awhile conversing/dancing/singing with their leader but got distracted as he was asking for my number when my friend finished his last set and jumped offstage. So I completely left random guy, staring after me, most likely in mid-sentence or at the very least mid phone flip as I launched myself into the arms of my friend B.
Please stay away.
Eating sugar, fructose and grains will increase your insulin level, which is one of the fastest ways to get sick and also experience premature aging. Leptin is another heavyweight hormone associated with disease and the aging process.
I was in high school, we were all celebrating Mother's Day at a very nice brunch. We were eating, and my cousin who was very picky was only eating a few items and my grandfather looked at her and said, "You better start eating better or you'll end up like her"....WHAT? Yes, so true. Sadly, that memory will be with me forever. I know he loved me, he cared for me but maybe didn't know how to help me, or try to help me?
In order to better illustrate my point, let’s take a great example of a romance-action film, one that Knight & Day so badly wishes it could be – Romancing the Stone. Did the main characters fight? Yep. Did it seem like Michael Douglas’s character occasionally wanted to knock Kathleen Turner out? Sure. Did he actually do this at every conceivable turn, to better drag her around the globe with him? Not so much. In order to have real chemistry between your leads, both of them need to be conscious the majority of the time.
McCartney’s statement regarding the end of his collaboration with the other three Beatles, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, came in a press release included with press copies of his debut solo album, McCartney, which was released the following week.
Coming out of Kansas City. Banana yeast nose. Quick dissapearing fizzy white head on a cloudy yellow beer. Strong yeast flavor like my old Belgian witbier homebrew before it fermented out. Beer is much more pleasant than I remember. Nice poofiness to its body and whatnot. Dammit I hate boilover. Low 3 Stars.
Not only is everything and everyone on edge but the recent removal of unemployment payments and cuts in Federal food assistance programs for so many who had come to rely on them is going to further aggravate the situation.
I haven't been able to get back into the groove of schooling, especially with Matt being home all the time....and now he is sick...ugh ugh ugh. He really needs to get back to work so that we can get back into our routine. He really throws things off considering he wants the TV on all the time...it's like his life line...and then Dawson can't seem to focus. So....the sooner he is back to work the better.
I combined a bit of all of them for my recipe and added a few mushrooms to the mix. Let me just say, this stuff is awesome. It makes anything it touches taste madly delicious –– the potatoes and artichokes are perfect for the dish.
(This is not an article I want to write regularly. I personally believe it places far too much emphasis on the cool-guy CDI gear, rather than on the individual and team tactical expertise we all need to be developing. Nevertheless, since I've been asked about it in classes/clinics, and via email, I wrote it.
The first Friday the 13th movie I ever saw*. For a full two years, Jason X was my favourite slasher movie. And then Freddy vs Jason came out. And then I re-watched it and realised that Jason X is kinda crummy. But it is also kinda awesome. Because as we all know, slasher icon in space = movie gold.
Mr Blatter’s solution of resolving such issues with a handshake is absurd and the FA’s respect campaign doesn’t actually deal with the issues that have seen referee numbers diminish.
Bake for 15 minutes at 375 degrees.
Even though this is true most Christians still worship the Sabbath on Sunday because it is what they grew up with. It becomes a mindset and a lifestyle, and people are very reluctant to change such things. But we must realize that keeping the Sabbath on the true Sabbath day is a sign of loyalty to God, acknowledging Him as the Creator. In the final days of Earth, when the Sunday Law is passed, keeping this commandment will prove who the true followers of God are.
(Again, this is not a diet, however we know what you’re going to ask next. So yes, this is the Cleanse level that contains the least amount of EVERYTHING. You get the picture.)
When He says “you being evil” He is very clearly and very directly giving us his opinion on fallen man. He doesn’t use the nice terminology that we use, corrupted, separated from God, even slaves to sin no he says it like it really is he says you are evil. That is what unregenerate man is at his core, evil. Because he is full of sin and full of corruption and he is an enemy of God.(Romans 5:10) All people are in this category before they are regenerated by Christ. Now that doesn’t mean we aren’t to love people who don’t know Christ. Of course we are! We are to love our neighbor, that’s everyone, as ourselves. But just because we are to love them doesn’t make their condition any less bleak. But the next phrase, in my opinion, may be the best explanation (uttered from the lips of our Lord Himself) of the unregenerate nature of mankind. It is the best depiction of human nature anywhere in the Bible and arguably anywhere in all of literature. It is quick, clear and cuts right to the heart of the matter.
Than the strong man in his wrath!
“Sorry Jessie.” she knows everything, I never need to explain my self around her.
I must say the Grand Dame looks nothing like her age and demonstrates a wit and canniness young hacks on tabloids can only dream about. She has found the wherewithal to buy her 'sheltered accommodation' flat - so the housing association can't throw her out - and she shortly embarks on a trip to Italy. She dresses elegantly, loathes tattoos, drinks fine red wines and probably uses an expensive mouthwash.
told jesse.
For more information contact me at my email: bnpwell13@blumail.org
Where do we find the social discipline to make right what men's crooked natures inevitably make wrong? A scourging may be necessary, some sort of bonfire of our vanities. It's easy enough, for one such as I, who never cared for the football program, to propose or endorse notions of a suspension of that program for a period of years. That's *easy*, and this should be hard - for everyone, not just the football people. What other solutions are on offer?
For example, here are some of the random things I googled in my research:
Bass - Greg Demos
· Marketplace Specialty Vendors
The FTC is very lax about enforcing its own rules. One of the best examples is the word ‘free.’ It is supposed to mean “devoid of cost or obligation,” but you constantly see it used (with impunity) to mean “included at no extra cost with purchase.”
It was past four when I crawled into bed, my head and limbs a little bit heavy but with a happy heart and a prize sitting on my kitchen counter ready for me to devour this morning: pop-tarts, the frosted strawberry kind!
I noticed that you did a lot of work on this novel using the site Authonomy. Can you tell us a bit about that experience? Is it an approach you would recommend and, if so, why?
This could be a pivotal evening in the Champions League qualification race. Tottenham face a team fighting for their Premier League life, Bolton would gleefully accept the point that would take them out of the bottom three with the added bonus that the loathsome Queens Park Rangers would replace them in the relegation placings. At the same time, a draw would be the preferred outcome in the meeting between Chelsea and Newcastle. All of which would leave Arsenal three points clear of fourth, three points from claiming third place as their own for the season. That’s an ideal world that in all likelihood will not exist with Tottenham likely to be a single point behind Arsenal with the same gap between themselves and Chelsea.
Kizzy is still at the vet's, apparently the plastic bag had nothing to do with him not feeling well. It seems he couldn't urinate, a common problem with male kitties.
I think it's so pretty & dainty! I hope he likes it!
I can’t write today. My feelings are too strong and pulling my thoughts inward and downward. I have to struggle against it, I have to fight it.
It was so nice being with each other and just talking and laughing and not sweating at the same time ;)
“Will I somehow make the scene with my liberal-bashin’
and haven’t seen the old big church
Go on, play the vid. It's only a minute and a half.
There's something wonderful about filling your tummy, as well as your family's tummies, with warm, yummy breakfast goodness.
The April Mini Card Kit here at DCRU is made up of the
The other day in class (or maybe it was two weeks ago), my professor noted that in the Old Testament intro class he took as a grad student, a classmate at the end of the semester announced that because of the things he had learned there, he could no longer be a Christian.
lapointe1111: folds
Now that the second week is over I’m beginning to settle into my classes. The schedule is quite different than what I’ve come to expect at UW; each class meets less frequently but for anywhere from an hour and a half to three hours. Three days a week my last class ends at seven pm and is inevitably followed up with a trip to one of several nearby bars for wine mixed fresh fruit. I’m currently taking two intermediate level Spanish classes – writing and communications – the modern history of Latin America, taught in English, and a literature class, taught in Spanish. At this point I already know that the lit class is going to be a huge stretch for me as it requires a lot of reading, but the material is an interesting mix of historical primary sources, and I would really like to take a class taught in Spanish. I’ll make the final decision in two weeks at the course drop deadline.
It's been awhile since I've baked a cake and I absolutely love cake. In fact, I love cake so much that I've been known to buy a box of Zebra Cakes and eat the entire box for dinner. Maybe.
All her life she had believed that everything happened for a reason, no matter how bad it might seem at the time. She grasped the threads of hope that this would still prove true.
This is a more complicated premise, because, well… there are some horrific movies out there, and it’s very difficult to make the argument that Titanic, a movie with undeniable technical prowess, and clear talent can be worse than a movie like Manos: Hands of Fate, or Plan Nine from Outer Space. Both measurably bad movies.
Don’t you know that people who are unjust won’t inherit God’s kingdom? Don’t be deceived. Those who are sexually immoral, those who worship false gods, adulterers, both participants in same-sex intercourse, thieves, the greedy, drunks, abusive people, and swindlers won’t inherit God’s kingdom. That is what some of you used to be! But you were washed clean, you were made holy to God, and you were made right with God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the Spirit of our God. (1 Cor 6:9-11 CEB)
Me: Well, I have to take a shower, and blog.
Tuesday, April 24
Happy stamping 2 of something!!
However, there's another option, and that's what I'm trying out. Wash your hair with baking soda, and rinse with apple cider vinegar. Many people say that doing this in lieu of shampoo helped them totally skip or drastically minimize the transition period.
TTM4 p.8
Prof. Knobe has a novel idea for solving the riddle of the true self. He proposes a new field known as “experimental philosophy” that would do research into tough problems that have plagued philosophy for centuries, such as the riddle of the true self. For example, he and two colleagues at Yale asked 200 subjects a series of questions about their true selves. But a trick was involved.
She melts into the floor and emerges re-born.
There is also a serial killing schoolteacher (Dylan Baker), a virgin (Anna Paquin) looking for the perfect guy, an argumentative couple and prank loving kids. All of whom create a fantastic mix as we jump in and out of each story before reaching a satisfying conclusion.
It was a lovely end to the day!
I spent Saturday at the Red Pencil in the Woods Conference nerding out with a a bunch of people who wanted to talk about the future of e-books as I much I do. I was there with Lam, one of my fabulous new colleagues from Girl Friday to lead a discussion group about our group business model. Chatting with all those lonely freelancers made me appreciate anew my good luck at finding the Girls Friday.
The traveling exhibit Star Trek: The Exhibition is currently running through this summer at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) as part of the Center’s Sci-Fi Summer. Showcasing the world of Star Trek, the Sci-Fi Summer program presents how the science fiction world of Trek helped to influence the development of our technology. It’s a great place to go if you are a Star Trek or science fiction fan not just because of the Trek-themed exhibits and attractions but because it melds that sci-fi aspect to NASA’s real life world. You get to see where we’ve been and how far we have to go.
"The two things are often connected."
the radar of her art, while fighting the time's onslaught.
29. RAY LINDWALL (AUS) Right Arm Fast (1941-62)
To make matters worse, Addy’s client has some secrets and her injury can’t be proven by a test or seen on an x-ray.
Before we get started...does anyone know where I could buy cute, creative fonts to use on my laptop?? I have some things I want to create but I just have the plain-Jane Word fonts. If so, please leave me a comment!!
Great for craft beer and great for learning on the core businesses.
Aer- Musically varied, using instrumental production Aer have opened for Mac Miller and fuse reggae, indie and hip hop. A couple of mixtapes and new EP What You Need show great potential and a musical variety that may be missing from much of this genres work.
baby we moved mountains last night
9. In an old house in Paris that was covered with vines lived twelve little girls in two straight lines.
“No,” said Marlene. “But, we would like to try. I had an…experience…recently…and…well…I know what a Beboodle can do.”
I like the basilisk because every good story needs a villain and the basilisk is the ultimate villain! The basilisk sounds so very powerful and a little mysterious. There are far fewer images of basilisks than there are of dragons, though both are serpent like and deadly and often winged. As a writer I can use the idea of the basilisk and all its mythic associations but there is still room for me to use my own imagination.
This little burden of making has turned into an opportunity for giving. Thank you Leslie for giving me the starter and thank you Jesus for a chance to reach out. Muffins or a loaf of bread will not change someone's circumstances, but they have changed my attitude.
Naima
This giveaway is open to the US only.
Do you compression garment/ compression sock? What do you think of them?
Parents: we were given a new vocabulary list this week. Please watch for that. Students need to bring it home with them and study for the upcoming vocabulary test, which will be given on Friday, February 3, 2012. If you were gone when we copied down our definitions, they’re available right here on Clipboards. Just click the “Vocabulary” page at the top.
There are no words to express the excitement I'm also feeling. Nolan will actually arrive earlier than expected--the c-section was pushed up to 10:30am. The moment where we will finally get to meet our son is drawing nearer and nearer. I want nothing more than that moment to already be here, but I guess a few more hours won't kill me.
-There is only one God (monotheistic)
Please email your address, ladies--and congratulations!
and tacked it around the 'cupboard door opening'. This gave me a
When she woke up about 20 minutes later it was her turn. After a last minute costume change (geez, what a diva), we headed inside to have her photos taken. She was pretty straight-faced the whole time... not all the way awake from her nap and probably wondering who in the world all these people were, but I figure a serious baby post-nap is better than a cranky one without a nap. Yes? Yes. But seriously, she did great. Cute as can be.
Wake Up America! Before You have No Choice!
Of course many other book websites are run by large retailers and not by independent publishers. The fact that Amazon, B&N and The Book Depository set the standard for the online book purchasing experience is a real problem for under-resourced independent publishers (not to mention everyone else in the supply chain). The rest are playing catch-up. (As an aside, the assertion that others are not having problems with sales is debatable and unanswerable. Are we talking about publishers or retailers here? Other poetry publishers may well be having problems with sales – but if they are part of a larger group there may be other resources deployed to support poetry, and then of course some others have long-term public funding arrangements in place.)
Napa Smith Brewery, Sampling in the Beer Department
So, today I heard what I knew was the case: I've found a bug. Yes, little old small-business owner me found a big, bad bug in QuickBooks 2012. So I'm actually on my second computer while the rep is doing his long-distance thing and grabbing log files off my computer. If I suddenly find all my money is gone and my credit cards are maxed out, I think I'll know who to blame. . . .
I've been working on the covers and b&w illustrations for the first four books in the Spell Sisters series for Simon & Schuster, written by Amber Castle.
Olivia was frantic. ‘Oh my God,’ she thought. ‘This is a nightmare. Someone please get me out of here. Please.’
Here's where things are going to get exciting. We are going to have some guest bloggers this month - real artists who are going to share some tips, encouragement and inspiration.
The only author who could even approach the Borey story is another of my idols: Farley Mowat. Mr. Mowat proved that one can faithfully and humourously report the truth and not be obliged to lead a life of dismal failure. But Mr. Mowat did not own the Borey… I did. If Farley had owned the Borey he would only have had to write one book… providing he was able to retain his sanity.
It’s been a very educational journey to say the least. Many of the aspects outside of writing (mainly marketing) are completely up to you. I’d imagine that would be very frustrating for some people but for myself, I find it all to be fun (for the most part). I try to treat the whole thing like a game and enjoy the process of learning.
So a few days ago, I thought about how far away I'd veered from my usual routine. Sitting on the couch balancing the laptop and mindlessly staring at the TV had become status quo. For some people, that works. They can still write and be effective at it.
I have to say, each time that I drive away after leaving him at the house he lives in (an RTC, they have house dads for the boys' houses and house moms for the girls) it is so hard and I am so grateful that I miss him. So many times in the past that I thought I wanted to just have him be a memory. So many tears shed over whether I'd ever have the hope of a future with him in it. So many times I just knew it, with certainty, that he'd be in prison and the only contact we'd have would be through glass. (Been there with him, you just cannot hug through a phone.)
Last fall we introduced you all to Maki Jones and told you that we would be adding her for a three month stint as a guest designer. Well, we all decided (pretty early on) that we couldn't let her go! The funny thing is - we were all so comfortable with her on the team, we forgot to tell all of YOU that she was sticking around for good! :-) She's is such an uber talented member of the team and we're so glad she's not going anywhere!
"Thank you Black Pudding, thank you for everything".
I wasn't expecting to like this book, because for some reason I thought a memoir would be boring. And yes, some bits I wasn't too interested in the outcome of (relationship stuff? Surprisingly not my thing), but generally it was great. It actually made me want to become a pastry chef, until the rational part of my brain piped in with "No Emily, we've already done that and it wasn't as fun as you expected". Which brings me to the point that I don't think I've ever mentioned on my blog that I started a traineeship with an Italian pastry chef. But I digress!
severing my fingers and their
I’m floating on a cloud!
Further Thoughts
Lets start by saying the Wax dipped cap and neck are highly annoying. Who ever came up with useless concept should be shot!
If her mother heard, she didn’t respond. She simply finished brushing Sue’s hair, helped her put on her prettiest dress, and with Cassie following a few feet behind, walked her daughter to school. Later that afternoon, when her mother shooed her out of the house so she could have some peace and quiet, Cassie pushed a rickety ladder up against a tree, climbed up on one of the branches and faced the sting of her mother’s rejection for first time.
LoveLaurenxx
We had ZERO chemistry. He actually reminded me of H3 in so many ways it was quite scary. Too many similarities from his build, to his family situation, his employment, and his past.
Man has always searched for a way to get to heaven through physical effort. It seems quite clear in Titus 3:5 that our salvation is “Not by works of righteousness which we have done but according to his mercy he saved us.” Ephesians 2:8-9 emphasizes this by saying, “For by grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.” Add to this Romans 11:6, “And if by grace, then is it no more of works.”
My Manic Mondays posts have been few and far between because this winter turned out to be hardly winter at all. We only had two or three snowfalls and it was rarely cold enough to warrant a day snuggled inside growing more and more bored by the minute as I anticipated.
I could still smell the fresh scent
Yesterday I woke up ready to take over the world. All I needed was a cape, preferably red.
Greetings. I come to you today as I sit in my fine leather chair in the drawing room, puffing on a pipe in my smoking jacket and slippers, eagerly awaiting the arrival of the latest book for me to review. That’s right, I bet you never had me down as a literacy critic did you? I’ll have you know that I have given a professional critique of some of our most acclaimed classics, including Where’s Wally (‘a contemporary masterpiece of minimalist charm’) and The Very Hungry Caterpillar (‘a rip roaring ride in which a ravenous insect devours all in his path’).
Letter From Elena...Tom Clay
This drony album was originally recorded 1969-1971 - but released for the first time in 2004. Limited to 500 handnumbered copies.
As my day wound down, I was closely watching one of my patients, who showed signs of instability. My other patient (we do dialysis on two patients at once in the "acute room") was stable-- or so I thought. With no warning, his eyes glazed over, his blood pressure dropped precipitously and his breathing stopped.
We’ve been to a Trivia night – arrived by dinghy after motoring directly through a mini rain storm in the bay – spent the evening dripping through our chairs. My team came in second and I was given our team prize – a bottle of questionably cloudy peach coloured rum punch. Haven’t ventured to test that out yet!
Nelda Sharp (1914-1985), daughter of Austin and Martha Sharp.
A hint of sugar sprinkled, and quickly stirred
Gone? You say.
Hopefully they will amount to something this year. Last year I tried this Epsom salts trick. Well, not sure if I did something wrong or had the wrong type of peppers, but it was my worst crop ever. I think the issue is rotation. I had a great crop of peppers the first year, and I refuse to change their location in the garden. Time to use some simple farming facts.
Once again the Doctor and his friends faced the Cybermen and their little friends the cybermats as they tried to infiltrate the Wheel in Space. The Doctor and Jamie were joined in the TARDIS by brainiac scientist, Zoe Heriot.
Muck’s sister, Grace, and Billy Reed’s daughter, Faye, were in teacher’s college in Saskatoon. It was a long way and they only came home for holidays. One day towards the end of the Thanksgiving holiday, Grace was out visiting Faye at the farm.
But, is Darkhouse realism + ghosts? Or an unreliable narrator? One of the things I most enjoyed about the book is that Halle sets up the fact that Perry has used a lot of drugs and that Dex struggles with mental health, which allows for the possibility that this is a world in which ghosts are real. But it also keeps open the possibility that Perry and Dex are engaged in a tense folie à deux that could break open at any moment.
I dropped my remote down the couch.
From there I was off to a quick hello to my poker buddies who had just started the regular Tuesday game (it's been so long since I played, sigh) before heading down to The Parish for the show. I barely started my woeful shpiel about the forgotten ID, when the list guy said, "Yeah he's here," and the ID guy looked at me for about 10 seconds before slapping the drink band on my wrist. It's good not to look anywhere close to 21 sometimes. Oftentimes.
Last Updated: 3/23/2012
Prepare pie crust. Mix eggs and cream until velvety. Add cheese. Chop knotweed into 1 inch long pieces. Arrange over pie crust. Pour the egg mixture and bake at a 350 to 375 F oven.
Or wherever Jews are not the right sort of people,
I've had some great triumphs and the The Child is calling this her best Christmas ever.
Some how, I think I got off topic. The point, and the plan, is - I'm gonna wing it =)
Not always! Some women deserve an Oscar for their acting performances; however, it’s important to remember that faking orgasm cheats both of you. Ask your partner if she likes what you are doing or if she needs a different touch to reach orgasm.
I am currently leading the youth group I pastor through the book of Titus.
15/08 21:10 W 200 Metres Heptathlon
"Okay. Uppercase or lowercase?"
Anyone that has attended any activity with the BNP will understand the feeling better than I can put into words here. We are a family and we have formed friendships across the country that will last a lifetime with like minded kinsmen. Onto the job in hand open every box and split 3000 leaflets into bundles of 100. Around 50 of us for 29 million!
Margherita – Fresh mozzarella, basil pesto, Roma tomatoes, roasted garlic and spinach (regularly $9.95)
Planet Dailies/Mixology 101 (Mid City): Still have to find a mother’s day gift but don’t want to sacrifice a day of culturally approved day-drinking? Why not combine the two and head to Planet Dailies at The Farmers Market. You can enjoy $5 booze (beers, margs, and other cocktails) as well as $5 guac, chips+salsa, and tacos. After a few dranks you’ll definitely have the inspiration for that perfect gift for mom, and you’ll be in the perfect venue to find it.
Don’t worry about how many votes you get from the world.
Mystery Shopping
I finished both books by the end of the week and are now left in deep thought and contemplation. I feel clearer than I have in a very long time, my attachment to beliefs that I had previously thought true are now leaving my life. I have become open once again to receiving teachings on a much deeper level. Life is certainly changing. As I free myself and speak my truth I feel so much lighter inside and I know now that my time as a spiritual teacher will soon come to pass, if not, it may have already.
Saturday and Sunday were the sessions days. In an intelligent manner six sessions with different topics, each with a host and a mind mapper, were staged in the building of the ISM (International School of Management). An average of 20 people (80% always changing the session after each session) worked out thesis for the future strategies of tourism. Here are the results:
My Father removed his shirt. There was a huge scar running down his back. I had seen him without his shirt before, when he was working at making instruments for protection for the Guardians, and I had always wondered about the scar. I had never asked.
It was already known that radioactive iodine 131 (131-I), carried in the atmosphere, made it across the Pacific within days of the March 11, 2011 tsunami disaster, albeit in minuscule amounts.
Jute twine
At least Welles’ uneasy ghost can finally rest, knowing that his meticulous production notes for Touch of Evil have been honoured at last. (See the story of film’s restoration here: http://wellesnet.com/touch_memo1.htm) The very thought of some boardroom bean counter messing with an artist’s work is shocking to me, the arrogance hard to imagine. The studio re-cutting Touch of Evil in its own image is like the Catholic Church painting over a fresco by Michelangelo. Inconceivable. Welles is one of those unfortunate artists who—aside from a couple of early successes—must struggle a lifetime to have their work appreciated and are only fully recognized after their death. But then, he’s in good company.
The wilderness of opposition isn’t a good place to be at the best of times and these are far from the best of times for Labour.
Creature comforts
the hope of the world
With my last breath.
Love is the gate of light
7 – 8 p.m. Beer 101
Each wound has a base 25% chance of becoming infected. If left untreated, this chance increases by 5% each day for 3 days, or until healed. Wounds taken in filthy conditions or inflicted by unsanitary weapons may have much higher rates of infection.
- 35 inches tall! They used to say that if you measure your little girl on her second birthday (and your boy when he's 2 1/2) and double that you will get their adult height. That would mean Darcy will be 5'10"! That would be really shocking coming from a mom as short as me, and she would only be 1 1/2 inches shorted than Drew. :) HA. I heard that theory on my family website and it was proven wrong many times in my family, but it's fun to try. She really is tall though. She's one of the younger ones in nursery, but quite a bit taller than mostly everyone in there.
will we see you there? come join me & all of our sponsors for a lovely night!
I realized that wedding cakes are mostly for photos opps, and a lot of times after the caterer slice them in the kitchen and bring them out to the guests, the guests never touch them and they just sit on the table. But when the cakes are all individual cakes, guests tend to consume them and even ask for more!
I been to Ermita, Metro Manila on 05.03.2012 to 07.03.2012,.. and on my last day 07.03.2012 to 08.03.2012 my last day at Angeles City, Clark, Philippine. It's was wild and a journey to share.
Whitney Ellsworth
I will be right here waiting for you
I've finished assembling the Eduard Fokker DR.1 for a friend. From a distance it doesn't look so different from the Airfix DR.1. But the quality of the kit is far better, both in terms of detail and assembly. The only snag was that one of the struts was broken on the sprue. I believe I managed to repair it, though.
The back is a very soft blue. The silly blue elephants just make me smile! I hope they bring a smile to my new great nephews little face.
(insert anxiety attack 3 here)
On 12 April 1633, Galileo was brought before the Inquisitor for the last time. He expected to be asked to defend his book, instead he was quizzed about Copernicus’ theory once more.
Of all the people that put on great barbeques, none could compare to those of Jim Cawley. He was renowned for his barbeques, and an invitation to one was an honor to be most treasured. I can remember one particular Summer that we were invited to one of Jim Cawley’s barbeques. He lived about 20 miles outside of town, so it was a little bit of a drive to get to his house over dry caliches roads. My dad had a little light green Volkswagen beetle, with no air conditioning. He would always make the trips in the country fun though, because when we got to the top of a hill, he would always turn the engine off, put the car in neutral, and then coast as far as he could. As the car would finally get to the point that it was about to stop, he would put it back in gear, pop the clutch, and get the motor going again. The object was to go as far as you could with the motor off, and never have to use the starter to get it going again. The Volkswagens had running boards outside right beneath the doors, and my dad would sometimes let me ride outside the car, standing on the running board, and holding onto the window post.
And I love to pray
I love how girly this card came out. I'm planning on saving it for Mother's Day.
These results add to a growing number of studies highlighting shifts in how transgender individuals identify themselves and relate to their physical self.1,2 In particular, previous research has suggested that individuals identifying as genderqueer view their identity as reflection of the complexity of gender embodiment and expression and as a way to challenge to the male/female gender binary.3, 4 Similarly, transgender individuals may be likely to represent their sexual orientation in non-binary ways such as queer and pansexual given these labels don’t reference their own sex or gender, which may be in transition, fluid, or not fully captured by gay, lesbian, or heterosexual identity labels.
-firm tofu (1 pack, with water squeezed out as much as possible)
We were all feeling nervous before the start of the season. The cup-winning squad had been eviscerated and what remained was a motley crew of kids, journeymen, free transfers and second-stringers from the previous season. It looked fairly bleak to be honest. Off the pitch the finances looked a mess and owner Carson Yeung faced tax evasion charges back in China. No one saw any further than mid-table safety as a realistic aim, and that would have come as a blessed relief.
Saint John Ambulance First Aid Certification 2009 - 2012
my husband and i figured there would be no harm in letting "eggie" hang out for a bit. and with the kids besotted, what else could we really say? so, there eggie stayed...on our dining room table. he was greeted each day with a cheery "good morning!" from both kids. my daughter would come home from school every afternoon and run right up to eggie, stroking him gently and whispering to him.
Tupper followed his daytime guardian, taking care not to let his hair get caught in overhanging branches. His last haircut had been near the end of the previous summer, so his white-blond curls were becoming difficult to manage. He sometimes wondered if he could buck Flox tradition and let his hair grow out as long as Freydolf’s, but the boy knew his mother wouldn’t stand for it. The next time he visited home, he was sure to be shorn.
It's extraordinary that we still have troops in Iraq, Okinawa, and Germany. Is there ever a place we pull out of?
It is a challenging road, this one of letting go.
Special features include: behind-the-scenes featurette; character bios; two songs by Hugh Dillon and the Redemption Choir; interviews with the cast and crew; and a making-of featurette. (Anchor Bay Entertainment)
“Why, ya needin’ a new PT boat?” Both let go of a polite chuckle. “How come you think about that? I was thinking about that when we stopped for gas back yonder, aways. I used to kinda like ‘em. They stop a growl but I don’t much care for the smell.”
Ska Is Dead 3 (Open Hearts and Bloody Grins), Stomp Records (2007)
Wow, what lovely sunshine we've been having over the past few days down here. I hope the sun has shone for you too - we might have to arrange for an ice cream van to start calling at the playground gates!
It had to happen, and here we are at Flowers for this week's Artsy Wednesday production. As always there are heaps of original and fun designs. To see the other fantastic flower nail art is doing the rounds this week check out the following blogs:
Benue students sat for WAEC,
Amy prepares to impress the Doctor with her culinary skills, Rory has a strange encounter while late night shopping and the Doctor pursues an invisible graffiti artist. But who - or what is ‘Monos’? Find out in the first part of brand new comic strip adventure, Sticks and Stones by Scott Gray and Martin Geraghty!
1 hysteria
I have decided that our lives are a lot like the ocean.
The home side, indeed, did not muster their first threatening attack until the 15 minute mark when Tevez’s low cross was cut out by Jones after Nasri had snaked through the United midfield.
We drove to his house. As we pulled into the driveway he said, "Well, this is my house."
This gets a 10 out of 10 soybeans (I cant remember if my last post used a 5 or 10 scale, oh well, this is good enough for a 10).
- Comfortable rolled leather handles with a removable leather and brass ID holder
Although I did absolutely adore Anna and the French Kiss, there were a couple of niggley little things that did grate on me, although they didn't detract from my enjoyment of the story. Good lord, why did St Clair keep saying 'me mum'? Why? We know what his accent is, we know he wouldn't say that, we know he would say 'my mum'. Or just 'Mum', I thought. 'Me mum' just sounds like he's one of Fagin's Boys from Oliver. Not sexy.
It's fitting that this blog starts on a Wednesday (the day before my birthday too, I expect cake in my mailbox tomorrow!), because, as you should already know, every Wednesday is Low End Theory!
Thanks Nicolle!! Keep an eye on the blog for the next few days..There will be another giveaway coming up. We're moving to a new home soon and I'm cleaning up a lot of my stuff. Don't forget the November Challenge, you have plenty of time to join.
Yours truly came forward and bled his little heart and soul out to the missus and was forgiven on the fact that the one they call the Sausage is merely a Regular Joe.
Yes, there are limitations for social media due to compliance challenges in retaining online conversations. But, by following best practices and guidelines, social media can become a powerful tool to spread the word about you.
Talk about summer fun!
Then The Truth About Forever by the wonderful Sarah Dessen! Marvelous. That’s the only word this book needs :).
I have been through some things. For example the New Age Movement (see google please) which was covered nicely by some popular books in my country, say Ippho Santosa’s books, Yusuf Mansur and Pencinta Sedekah tweets. I stumbled upon someone’s tweet revealing this and it all made sense. Those ‘positivity’ seems to be impossible. I would not provoke anyone to say bad things about someone’s books or whatsoever. It’s just the thought to put a trust in THE UNIVERSE itself has flaws. The fatal flaw? Associating others with ALLOH (menyekutukan Alloh, red.). Putting the universe before Alloh, while the universe itself is created by Alloh. And that’s it, end of discussion.
Through these nights and events Meg and John help each other finally let go of their pasts and start living life to the fullest, please excuse the corny cliché.
Duran Duran were huge in the early 80′s and that is right when I was growing up and creating my own sens of self and my music. This was a good and bad thing in and of itself. I had always been image conscious and the New Romantics (or what we got to see of them on Australian regional TV) played right into my court. Simon and Nick seemed so cool in their puffy shirts and stylized pouts and shoulder waggling I had to like their music.
Even so, we don't want an asshole representing us abroad, so we gotta vote, and whadda we got?
Are you looking for a bit of color and joy in your life, why not make a rainbow. The optical and meteorological phenomenon that exposes spectrum of light.
“Eighteen’s not drinking age,” I said. Besides I hated the taste of beer. I shook my head.
Being middle-aged and mortal, Karin and I are accordingly experiencing the invisible thumb of entropy upon our various body parts. Joints are popping. Muscles are tearing. Ligaments ache and bones break. And, of course, there are those bizarre, paralyzing pains that suddenly stab through some remote section of your torso for no apparent reason whatsoever. What the hell are those?
By the time its publisher was awarded the prestigious James P. McNulty journalism prize in October 2011, NEXT had been reduced to a desultory web presence. That web site vanished some three weeks ago.
Something had to give. Running for President is a 24/7 job for the entire family, and her family is what's most important to her - I believe that. She did what she had to do for her FAMILY, and I don't think she has to explain, let alone apologize, to anyone for her decision. I thought feminism was all about 'choices'. And as Mrs. Obama said, if she had wanted dinner at 6 every night, she should have married someone else. She made the choice to marry Barack Obama, and she accepts the life that goes with that.
2 figures
She lives by her own rules, and breaks even those. Bugsy can only jump a few inches off the ground, while Violet can jump nearly three feet with a running start. She can also squeeze through holes that look half her size--she is a master of escape! When Violet isn't knocking "The Bugs" around, she spends her free time stealing beds and toys, and burrowing under blankets. She could be anywhere waiting to attack you with kisses or to seize the one remaining item Bugsy still has. Bugsy never has a chance. But she gives back by keeping him clean. She performs a great service by licking his head, ears, teeth, and eyes. This can go on for upwards of ten minutes. It's hilarious, endearing, and gross simultaneously. See, she's a bully with a heart of gold.
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), divided
We all know I love fall. This is my favorite time of the year to get in the kitchen and throw pumpkin in everything...and I have in fact been going crazy in the kitchen...
Accessories: Vintage Brad, Dimensionals, Basic Black 1 1/4" Striped Grosgrain Ribbon
At this stage, we became aware that the Witch was nearby, in one of the wierd buildings. We had been after her for a while and this was, apparently, the culminaton of an arduous adventure. There was another with us who felt equal to me in status, although I cannot remember who he was or even what he looked like. I felt comraderie with him and a shared sense of purpose. We entered the building and came upon the Witch in a large room above the surface level, filled with senseles structures and moving parts reminiscent of Rube Goldberg contraptions, spinning, chugging and burping, busily coursing up and down in what seemed to be the internal workings of some gargantuan, anthropomorphic behemoth. We spied her, My Guru, I and perhaps the other, I cannot remember seeing him again, as we explore on opposite sides of the room. We faced her as she stood on the other side of a sectioned wall, visble to us through a long window, engaged in some inscrutable purpose and yet aware – albeit unconcerned – of our presence.
The depth of research talent in Asia is not as deep as the magnitude and complexity of the market warrants. Given recent trends, if things continue as they are, the situation is unlikely to improve and could get worse. Measures are needed to both establish fundamental standards in the profession and to ensure that ongoing career development is offered to those remaining in the industry. Otherwise, even if entry levels are raised we will still suffer from the problem of the ‘missing middle’, the cadre that is the engine room of the industry and the testing ground for future leaders, especially on the agency side.
I wish to write more but I am afraid you would get bored. I think these stories about me liking this and that guy already bore you to death. Pardon me, guys. Deal with the silly Khaleeqa. Falling for one guy to another reminds me of an anonymous who once left me a comment, saying I “cakap tak serupa bikin” because I never held on to my own words. I disagreed with him at first but now, I concur with you my stalker. I am not determined to do so. Thank you for making me realize that.
This author really did write a book that understood teen perfectly. She wrote a fun book that deals with the fears and insecurities of Christian teen girls. Will that push this book onto my favorite list? Probably not. It did make it onto my keeper list though. It also made me look forward to her next book, Starring Me, with Kara as the main character.
Mon-Thurs
I place a note in her hand and she wanders back to her isolated hillside shack.
her days of long hair that made her the conventional lady
So, why is that, and what does it matter?
Throughout the scriptures, much emphasis was placed on the place of prayer in
7.) Bobby Moore & the Rhythm Aces – “Go Ahead and Burn” (Alabama). The Deep South never sounded so good.
At some point, Namgay and I were alone together for a second, and he leaned in and kissed me. It was hot, and so is he, but he’s really way too young for me. Sometime in there we stopped by an afterparty in someone’s bungalow, and went by Nino’s, where Yangchen sang some more. Then we drove around a bit in Yangchen’s rented car. I kept trying to get in on the wrong side, since I kept forgetting how the driver’s and passenger’s sides were reversed from the locations I was used to dealing with.
Rachel: I have a horror short story called “Simon Says” that’s being published in an anthology titled “After Dark: A Collection of Haunting Tales.” This book will be out anytime and can be purchased on Diversion Press’s website: http://www.diversionpress.com/. Fractured Light will be out February 2012 and can be purchased at the usual outlets – Barnes and Noble, Amazon, etc.
Always in control, you let no one near
The evening did improve. Having calmed down over a glass of beer, friends agog at my encounter, we set to enjoying the night. We discovered a tuk tuk converted into a bar (genius), sipped pastis with avant-garde Frenchmen, danced with a glamorous group of deaf lesbians and rebuffed the attention of a hairy drunkard who seemed to think that a chat up line could be replaced by just sticking his hand down a girl's top. Sometimes its useful to be on first name terms with the barman. Hairy drunkard was summarily ejected.
This does NOT make them any less hilarious, however.
permanent disfigurement or
I set up the tripod on the edge of a cliff and sat there for over 2 hours waiting for the perfect light, hoping there wouldn’t be an earthquake. Mostly because I didn’t want to see my gear go over the edge…who cares if I did haha. As I waited, I tried to shoot with my iphone a number of times, and the camera just couldn’t handle the wide dynamic range of the scene no matter what I did. It wasn’t until the sun was about to disappear that I got something useable.
if only she would realize that respect is what people look for, and that her narcism is what’s pushing them away.
When mocking voice, while telling lies, shattered and
Dropped into The Charleston Beer Exchange last evening for one of their free tastings.
The collage above includes:
Starts to rise above me,
Selling Books on-line Workshop
and day was about to begin."
The California Gull can be found on the pacific coastline from northern Mexico to British Columbia. They range far inland from New Mexico to Manitoba. They prefer to eat insects, fish and eggs, however, they are well known for scavenging at garbage dumps or docks. They have also been seen to follow farmers plowing in fields, eating the insects stirred up by this activity.
My dear living wonder
What it seems like from here where I sit, as someone who wasn't born here and so has always been an outsider, is that Midland has become even more of what it always has been but also never less like how it sees itself, all at the same time. It's still rich, as it's always been. And it's perhaps even more smugly, self-righteously conservative than ever, filled with religious zealots and Tea Party supporters and gun-rights' advocates, all united in their terror and hatred of Obama and feeling of disorientation that they live in a country that elected him to office.
A year ago, I suggested Raider should withdraw the expedited service - simply because they were clearly not delivering on it - certainly not well-edited and formatted books for their authors. That never happened, and when things start to go pear-shaped in a developing business - it's generally good sense to address the cracks, consolidate and improve the business you already have, rather than continue to push an already creaking structure. That's pretty basic stuff and doesn't require aggrieved customers or a Donald Trump at the helm to do just that.
O what limb-rending pains I feel! thy fire and my frost
"Wilder just spotted us." Rel rubbed a hand over his forehead, all too aware of his mounting fatigue. "I don’t know about you, but I'm close to burning out already."
flick a switch and the little guy is sucked up into the giant
As it turns out, the boys cannot even float. Stephen's in the pool with them (and, of course, there's not a floaty in sight) and every time he turns to pay attention to one, the other nearly drowns. Very frustrating as a mama to be sitting on the sidelines while that's happening. The pool was about four feet deep at the shallowest point, so they couldn't even stand in it unassisted. Poor babies. They had fun splashing around though! Actually, it was their first time in a swimming pool ever. They have pretty bad eczema and their first pediatrician told me that I shouldn't let them get in a swimming pool, and since I was obese and hated being in a swimsuit... it worked for me the previous summers of their lives. But not this year. We will be swimming as often as possible this time around.
2 induces
the darkness is upon me.
And not
I forgot about this one because it has not been an issue since day one of the new lifestyle. Previously, I had reached a point where if I didn’t eat every 2-3 hours, I would have a drop in blood sugar levels. This isn’t terribly surprising since there is a history of this in my family (as well as diabetes). Some even consider hypoglycemia to be a precursor to diabetes and that may very well be the case. However, it’s no longer a concern for me! I typically have breakfast, lunch, mid afternoon snack, dinner and occasionally a nighttime snack. My blood sugar level stays much more even since I’m no longer eating things that cause spikes that always end in a sudden dip (sugary foods, white carbs, etc).
Residents said the bombing destroyed at least eight shops in the bazaar, AFP reports.
purchased throughout the year for family and friends.
Personally, I think I still would have prefered non-red blood. But I get that I'm in the minority of even noticing that. So what about you? Does this kind of thing bother you at all??
Jesus proclaims to Nathanial that he himself is the fulfillment of this promise to the Patriarch Jacob. Jesus is the true ladder or stairway to heaven. In Jesus’ incarnation, the divine Son of God taking on human flesh for our sake, we see the union of heaven and earth – God making his dwelling with us and bringing us into the heavenly reality of his kingdom. Jesus’ death on the Cross and his Resurrection opens the way for each of us to come into a new relationship with God as his sons and daughters. The Lord Jesus opens the way for each of us to “ascend to heaven” and to bring “heaven to earth” in the daily circumstances of our lives. God’s kingdom is present in those who seek him and who do his will. Do you pray as Jesus taught, May your kingdom come and your will be done in earth as it is in heaven?
We men – will bet on anything.
Connolly
... In the bulging rock where the waterfall had been, there was a recessed doorway. The lintel of the doorway was the rock itself, but set into it were two granite pillars. Between the pillars was a door pierced by narrow slits that were wider in their middles and narrower at the ends. The river water still sprayed through these slits and dropped into the round pool that remained in the basin below.
There is corruption in which officers get money for not enforcing the law, or officers breaking the law to get people charged, he said.
The information was “based on documents seized by US Navy SEALs during the raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound” in the garrison town of Abbottabad in May last year. Some details of the intelligence “revealed that before being killed in the May 2 raid, bin Laden, along with Ayman Al-Zawahiri.. and other senior leaders of the terror outfit had planned to mount indiscriminate attacks on Pakistani soil,” the daily reported.
Already the market has become something of a Stockbridge institution and the number of producers present seems to grow week upon week.
If you love cauliflower, this curry is for you. If you love carrot, this curry is for you. Cauliflower and carrot combo lovers like me will love this subji. Haters will still find it interesting, so it is a must-try recipe for everyone.
As the alarm clock sounded the next morning, I was ready to face the day looking for the new adventure that the morning’s plan would bring. Amy and I dressed, and headed downstairs to join our friend who was obviously stirring about already himself. We debated whether we would bring our own towels from his house, or pay the “rental” fee at the gym. For convenience, we opted to use the towels from the gym since we had planned to be gone the entire day and the thought of wet towels in the car wasn’t appealing to any of us.
7. Lady Gaga - Born This Way
If that's what you're all about
The Lompoc is dark and grimy, the kind of thing that makes for a really comfortable hangout. Walking in the front door you first encounter a small bar framed by a hops motif in tile. The walls seem encrusted with funny pictures, fliers, old brewery ads, news-clippings, and beer bottles. The look seems classically nostalgic at first, but I think its really just a big sarcastic joke. Ha! To the right is the main seating area, and to the left of the bar are a few tables that are non-smoking before 8 and a hallway that leads past the kitchen to a large patio in back.
I asked my sister-friend Dawn for help when I was writing this. I'm not a writer and I was having trouble with the words, and she's always been awesome about helping me with these things. She said "Maybe the 'problem' is that you are expressing YOUR feelings--which are neurotypical--in an autistic world. You will always be on the outside, no matter how hard you advocate, no matter how hard you empathize. It's like the role of the Jewish activists in the civil rights movement. As much as they wanted to help, it wasn’t REALLY about them, and they were never 100% accepted into the movement. And this stage of your growth--why the comments and arguments bug you-- is because you are beginning to understand that." I think she's right.
Unusual winter so far this year in Ontario.We are seeing milder temperatures than usual and in central to southern Ontario more rain as precipitation than snow. What little snow we have been getting has melted quickly. 1 1/2 hours north in the snow belt area, they have been getting snow. Good for the ski hills but even they opened late and have had a few too many mild days. Hard to make snow when it is above freezing so the base isn't as good as it may be.
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black, Lake Mist (Adirondack), Mountain Rose (Adirondack), Peach Bellini (Adirondack)
Internal wall insulation is done by fitting rigid insulation boards to the wall, or by building a stud wall filled in with mineral wool fibre.
We will send a message
-Scramble eggs with a dash of pepper, salt, garlic powder, and 2 tablespoons milk or cream.
Here are the numbers to date.
No, babe….you abandoned me.
2. Add water and pull together with your hand until a soft dough forms. Add a little more water as needed. Dough should clean bowl. It might still be slightly sticky but not “wet”.
When orchard after orchard
The next Friday, our samulnori team performed. We had been practicing for months, and it all came down to two performances at the Jinpo elementary school festival. I was one of the janggu players. At the previous practice, my teacher asked me, “do you think you played well?” I answered, “No. At first I did not miss a beat. The second time, I started making mistakes. The third time my arms were so tired I could barely play.” She told me: “Did you notice? You are playing too hard. You need to relax more.” Story of my life!
Dylusions ink sprays: Crushed Grape, Vibrant Turquoise
BYLINE: Michael White And Christopher Zinn
Today, around the world, millions of people will be remembering one event in history: the death of Jesus of Nazareth on a Roman cross outside the walls of Jerusalem, about 2000 years ago. But, why is this good news? Romans 5:6-11 reads thus:
I thought that it would be hard getting to know the students
I shouldn’t have to feel I’m treading water until I die.
At one point I had done all of the color and sketch challenges over on Splitcoast, and now I'm like way far behind so I'm trying to go back and do the older challenges I missed. That's all well and good, but sometimes I feel like doing that is kind of hampering me a bit...like I'm trying too hard to make my stuff fit in the challenges and then I don't like it as well. Like this card.
*faith, in all things
Keep smiling Aubrey and Happy Birthday! :)
12/4 - San Diego, CA - House of Blues*
Me (a.k.a. Cinderella)
How can you be so greedy?
The Audi R18 TDI coupes finished 1st and 2nd, with the car of Dindo Capello, Tom Kristensen and Allan McNish taking the win. All are multiple winners at Sebring, with five, six and four overall titles, respectively.
Here's a guestblog I did for Girl's Guide to Paris, cross posting a bit here but there's a lot more including some ideas to celebrate Bastille Day in Paris -- click here to read the rest!
I love Stripes. So much I have used a capital letter just for them.
It almost fears me, how attached I am to these food-related time slots. They trigger satisfaction in my brain.
I'm only here this weekend, and I fly home Sunday evening. Then Leann is coming out next weekend, but she's flying in a few days early to do some advanced classes with the team of professional demonstrators that Rayher have who demonstrate and teach crafting all over Europe. She's going to teach them how to use the Spectrum Noir pens, and that's also what I'll be focussing my demonstrations on this weekend (good job I've been practicing!)
We spend so much time as writers trying to craft the perfect story, trying to mold it to fit an editor or agent's preference. We try to write their kind of story. Why? We need to be more like Kid C and write the kind of book that will make us say, "Very nice!" That enthusiasm will show in our words, and then someone else might just say the same thing.
1-3 tablespoon water
At The Thornbury Theatre she reprised the show for the Melbourne Food & Wine Festival with the assistance of five of the state’s most prominent ‘Women of Beer’ and it lost nothing in either the translation or the expansion of its talent.
Gender: The gender poll is pretty neck and neck ..I had a dream the other night that I had a girl! crazy right?!! Considering the whole time I felt I was having a boy! Now, I'm super curious! We find out in 4 weeks and 2 days!!!!
2. Amy's OTOW challenge is up this week...and my goal is to get everything not sewing or crafting related out of my sewing room. I'll have before and after pics for you when its done! I know there are prizes at the end of the week, but I really just try to use her as motivation to get something done that might not have gotten done.
The hill station with an aura of colonial Britain is now a hotbed of politically driven ethnic frenzy. The streets bustle with people dressed in traditional attires, while slogans of ‘We want Gorkhaland’ and ‘Ayo Gorkhali’ (here come the Gorkhas) resonate in the backdrop.
Last week I did the stairmaster for:
As you can see from all the above, thus far the inevitability of mutual debt forgiveness is not on the German radar. But that their policies will lead to the collapse of the eurozone (and eventually the EU) is not lost on the French. Writing in Les Echos this morning, Jean-Marc Vittori invokes yet more Titanic images by observing, ‘We could still avoid a shipwreck, but the iceberg approaches, and just as in James Cameron’s film Titanic, the lookouts are too late in giving warnings. The ship took less than three hours to sink’.
Someone once said, “Painting the outside of the pump doesn’t make any difference if there is poison in the well.” We can change the outside, but unless the inside changes, we will always be dominated and controlled by the flesh.
We traveled for many days,
As I started styling everything, the petals began to fall from some of the blooms. I often find that when I just let things evolve naturally with my photos things seem to turn out better than when I give it too much thought. Do you find that to be the case for you too?
When the sequence in a camera is initiated, the light received by the Sensor is converted into Data which is transferred across thin metal conductors. However, here is where Data loss becomes a problem. The Sensor is made up of millions of little pixels which receive light. There is not adequate space to give each pixel its own dedicated metal conductor for Data Transfer, so there ends up being about 100,000 or more pixels attached to 1 metal conductor lead.
The first block this week is #5, Bat Wing (so not loving the name of this block...). And for only the second time, I ventured away from shot cottons by Kaffe Fassett. I got the whole Colourbox from Oakshott cottons (which is luscious, by the way). My Kaffe fabrics don't have any black, charcoal or grey, so I used the Oakshott shot cottons for this block.
These were a HIT last night with the little ones! They did not even hesitate. Usually anything with a leaf gets a turned up nose. But the 8 yr old dug in, so the 6 yr old followed. I am so happy to know that I can make these often and they will eat them happily!
1/2 cup dry white wine
Progressive Majority Wisconsin: Over the years, Wisconsin has proved to be the ultimate swing state. It is a battleground state that must be protected as a progressive stronghold because of its history as a "laboratory of reform," which has historically tested new public policies and set examples for the nation.
Then it was on to the Paramount for lunch and a meeting with one of my all-time heroes, Monty Python's Terry Jones. The restaurant is on the 32nd floor of Centrepoint - that huge tower block at the junction of Oxford Street and Charing Cross Road - and, even in the muggy sunshine, the views were breathtaking. Rather like the wasabi spray in fact.
Jimmie Reese - Oakland Oaks
disaster struck me
The prompt was to write a "best day ever" poem.
10. My new smaller & healthier body. To date 26 pounds down, my BMI down by 2 points, 8 inches lost (from the important spots) and 2 sizes smaller (I can shop in regular size stores now) ~ clarity of mind, a lower level of daily pain and a body that actually works with me instead of against me.
Maybe it’s an attempt to open your subconscious to the possibilities of life, including the possibility you might be interested in buying not one but two new sport utility vehicles during a single commercial break. Maybe it’s a subtle way of drawing you into the unfolding scenario, making you care about the hundreds of characters holding arrow signs over their heads while dodging midtown traffic and riding unicycles. Maybe it reflects marketing experts’ puzzlement at why anybody would buy their product, a roundabout way of asking “you don’t seriously want to buy this stuff, do you?”
Benefits from: Government Exclusives. Departmental ‘Leaks’. The top rate reduction. The corporation tax reduction. A positive correlation for the tory graph.
And yet, Jesus did that. Jesus does that.
2) don't make this if you're dieting - it's highly addictive. Mr N thinks this is the best jam he's ever tasted - and he doesn't even like rhubarb. Don't say you haven't been warned. x
Cheers, XxXxX GF XxXxX
"Good Morning Starshine" by Oliver
What could irk me so much to hurl such insults you may wonder. Well, wonder no more for I shall reveal all...
It is incredibly easy however to assign extra resource to a cloud solution every time you find that the capacity in the office is outreaching that of the technology.
Next on the list of the taste tour that is Phoenix is Bourbon Steak. The Michael Mina steakhouse is located on the property of the Fairmont Scottsdale. We have seen other Mina restaurants while travelling, but we could not pass up the bar menu burgers and duck fat fries (voted best in the valley).
Neurological Alliance
RUBEN FL, EHRETH J. Maritime health: a case for preventing influenza on the high seas. Int Marit Health 2002; 53: 36-42.
The big thing inside was the $100 gift card to use on the Nume website. But it was only good for hair extensions and styling tools. Since I already had enough styling tools I didn't buy anything.
I'm sick of people telling me, well just because it happened to Wesley doesn't mean it will happen to this baby. A girlfriend of mine would not get off the topic, studies this, studies that (she hasn't read anything besides whats in the newspapers). Finally I said to her. "If the doctors gave you a medicine and said it was important you take it and then the next day you miscarried. The next time you were pregnant, Would you take that same medicine, even if they said it was not related? Oh course her answer was no. She way in God's name would I stick this baby with tons of viruses and heavy metals when I know those same viruses and heavy metals nearly destroyed my son's life??
“Um, yes… this phone looks cool, what can it do?”
Amos Moses by Primus
Questions:
He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. ~ Author unknown
Design. I enjoy exercising and you can
He has had a number of visitors bringing him love & support over the last few days...Nathan, Rhonda, Mary Lou, Rene, Jen, Jodi, and Jenny. As I've said before the visits mean a lot to Sean and all of us!
Downtown Dribble announced: The New York Liberty announced on their site that the team will hold their first ever Downtown Dribble, as a thank you to the city of Newark. The community activity and exercise event will take place on September 4 at 2:00 p.m. at the Championship Plaza-which is located on the Northeast corner of the Prudential Center.
falling
The unregistered designs system in the UK is a relatively under-appreciated part of the weave that makes up the domestic IP regime. Residing in Part III of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (the Act), the unregistered design right (UDR) occupies the hole dug by section 51 (which renders copyright in designs (etc) for anything other than an artistic work unenforceable against articles made to the design). The plug formed by the UDR finds basis in section 213 of the Act. This states that the right may subsist in ‘the design of any aspect of the shape or configuration (whether internal or external) of the whole or part of an article’, subject, that is, to a number of other requirements and exclusions. The extent of some of these gatekeepers of subsistence, and the manner of approaching questions of infringement of the UDR, is explored in detail in the Nampak decision.
http://graphjam.com/ ’allows users to create graphs that depend on knowledge of popular culture’(RO). The contents on this site is pastiche because most of the “graphs” quote things from the past like “what Shakespeare gave us”.This graph shows Shakespeare and talks about the things that he did that are common today.
one freshly squeezed lime. freshness fading fast. (wtf)
Understand GLOVE is pronounced together a handbag if you are not bank vacancies the envelopes.
8. We then went to the West Hollywood Library across from the PDC. It was really nice. If you guys ever get a chance to go, you should definitely check it out. They have this really nice tree installation along the stairs going up. We didn’t notice it at first because it was so high, then Carlos had glanced up and we just started taking pictures.
Simple mats from coordinating colors on the inside finish out this simple card. Thanks so much for stopping by! Oops! I just noticed I took this pic before I had added the bow on the front!
Heading back to towards Honolulu we stopped at the Pali Lookout ($3 to park). The clouds clung to the peaks of the mountains but the views were great. The temperature was cool. I remember when I was little and barely 40 pounds I could lean into the high winds and not fall over.
Also during the start of my blogging experience, the constant losing in football made others and myself constantly questioning my ability as a coach and left me miserable more times than not. It was ugly for me in every sense of the word, as my feelings of self-worth centered around what we did on the football field and how people thought of me as a coach.
I frankly have zero faith that either the Democrats or Republicans, whoever is in Congress after the midterm elections, will do much more than nibble around the edges of the fiscal crisis.
The best part of summer is staying up late at night to watch the stars and planets and satellites pass overhead while coyotes roam the alleys on the edge of town and warn us to stay in the yard because they are on the hunt, causing the quail to shuffle and mumble nervously on the branches of the Noble fir by the driveway.
We can be absolutely certain only about things we do not understand.
The recipe is from Bon Appetit and says it makes 12 servings. What?! Servings for giants? I cut mine into small pieces and placed them into cupcake liners. Makes it easy to distribute at the library!
Yohannan Meir, one who is filled with Meir, with light.
But context is definitely not only about apps. The human element online provides context for your community. LinkedIn provides a good example. Which of these connection offers would you be more likely to accept: one that uses the default “I’d like to add you to my LinkedIn network” or one that says, “I ran into a friend of yours recently and he said we both share an interest in racquetball. I see you also used to work at XYZ Corp. I’d like to connect and talk about old times at XYZ”?
By choosing five servings of fruit and vegetables a day from the clean list, most people can lower the volume of pesticides they consume daily by 92%, the report says.
You may be one of the millions of people who are spiritually growing faster than your body can tolerate. What you are experiencing is a normal response known as ascension symptoms. Learn how to manage these symptoms and anchor your light body while you help the Earth and others ascend.
“The leaders have now defined the end point they want to reach in terms of fiscal governance, but it’s a long way to go there,” Thomas Mayer, Frankfurt-based chief economist at Deutsche Bank AG, told Bloomberg Television. “We’ll probably see more near-term tension and that will probably then trigger a more hands-on intervention by the ECB.”’ (Bloomberg)
You probably don’t recall destroying our mattress, sofa and chair during your teething stage. Remember how we had to artfully drape the afghan over the back of the sofa so no one would see that it was in absolute shreds? What about the kitten we had to return to the pet store because you thought she was a fluffy chew toy and kept putting her head in your mouth? How about the dead frog that you insisted on bringing back to our porch over and over again?
We agree that each staff member will come up with a starter and a main dish to feature on the menu. That’s easy! What is challenging is to select a dish and reject another as each staff member has such a vast array of dishes they want to use.
4. Can I trick the search engines into thinking my site is something that it isn’t? No. There was a time when you could use tricks to achieve “better” rankings. That was back in the 1990s. These days, the algorithms that the search engines use are extremely sophisticated. Not only will they detect sites that are “playing games” to try to get better rankings, but many of them will actually lower your ranking to penalize you if you try to do it. Therefore, be wary of SEO companies that purport to know “secrets” to getting better placement or that openly use schemes to try to achieve better results. There is really nothing “secret” about SEO these days. The information on how to properly setup your site for optimum (at least as much as you can) SEO is widely available and widely known.
“Framed with a mass of auburn curls, her oval face was complimented by mesmerizing bottle-green eyes and red lips that curved into a captivating smile.”
Here are some more Valentine's Day cards that I've made and have posted on my Etsy store:
Then we got Richard Nixon and his Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger, who finally negotiated something called “peace with honor”, but the war was the first major defeat the nation had sustained. All of which made me wonder why no one in the White House or Pentagon pointed out to President Bush that neither Alexander the Great, the British Empire, nor the Soviets had gotten out of Afghanistan without being beaten to a pulp.
Some time ago, a strange American cast a shadow over the door of the pub we used to own. He asked for a room for the night and some food and beer. As it happened, I got my guitar out later and we sat and played music in the bar. We talked about beer, brewing and the like, and discussed hops, especially the West Coast American varieties. I told him I used Cascade and Willamette in some of my beers.
I also managed to scrap a LO for Ed's Sketch challenge but I forgot which sketch this was! OMG!! I'm really sorry Ed! But credit to Ed's Sketch blog challenge though. If I am not mistaken, it should be their February's sketch and I also forgot to submit this to them... Ohhh mannnn I have got to do something about my memory....RESET! LOL
Jane you had been wanting to sit up but were still quite tipsy and on the exact day you turned 7 months you sat up! You are a pro now and are so proud of yourself! It's funny how the past few months all you've wanted to do is stand, I couldn't get you to bend and now I can't get you to stand. I try to stand you up in the tub so I can soap your bottom and chubby legs and when I lift you out of the water, you stay in the perfect sitting position....legs straight out in front of you!
I quite like Fässla beers, so hopes were high for the tap room. Sadly, it didn't quite meet the level we'd experienced till now (with the exception of the execrable Ambräusianum). The entry hall, much like Mahr's, is also a place to sit or stand and drink. As we entered,m there was a fairly loud, drunken crowd hogging one end of this area, so we popped into the main room. The decor reminded me more of a cafe, but it was bustling and welcoming. We managed to grab part of a table near the "bar". , where we began speculating on the generations of the people working there. It seemed that Grandma was overseeing from behind the bar, keeping a critical eye on everything, directing the bleach-blond young-fella pouring beers, or doing it herself when he disappeared. It seemed like her daughter and grand-daughter were working there. I like this idea of generations working the brewery/pub. sitting beside the bar areas may have been unwise at this point in time, as we began discussing the glass washing procedure, and how we felt it was sub-standard, as still-soapy glasses were filled with beer. Not exactly beer-ready. Nevertheless, I apparently enjoyed the Fässla Lagerbeer. A lovely, bready backbone, slightly buttery, but at a level that works rather than disturbs, and remarkably fruity.
I recently came across an interesting website called Measuring Worth, which allows you to input a monetary value from any time in the past and find out what the equivalent is in present-day terms. And, it turns out that the 21p in 1976 was, in 2008, worth £1.13 in terms of the Retail Prices Index, and £1.79 in terms of average earnings. So, by whatever measure you choose, a pint of beer in the pub is actually considerably dearer than it once was.
Gangster rap hit the UK mainstream in the 90’s, and Eclipse jeans were bang on trend.
“Use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension of the Blues Brothers HAS been approved”
I still picked “unavailable” ones. Subconsciously on purpose. That’s interesting.
95. What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
25. The most second most popular phone network in Scotland is Orange, which comes close behind TiMobile.
Final Exam: The final exam will be a take-home assignment, featuring essay-format questions. It will be distributed on the last day of class and due at the start of our scheduled final time. The exam will cover material taken from both the course screenings and assigned readings.
It also deals with the topic of suicide, so if this is something that is a no-go for you, again, probably should skip this one!
1/8-inch ribbon
Then you grow up a bit and you go in a different direction than your parents...well in my case, the apple didn't fall far from the tree, I stayed true to my roots..Possibly one of the biggest influences in my musical life was the Clash...Not one song of theirs did I dislike..I love it now when I see teenagers sporting Clash Tee Shirts..Their influence is still going on...
Well, is it?
ROFL... CGU: Rolling On The Floor Laughing... And Can't Get Up
Just those few simple things made a big difference to those bathrooms, and the buyers were very excited about their new mini-spa.
I used to be afraid of outlines because I thought using them would box me in to a formulaic, pre-packaged storyline with no room for my own creative liberties. In reality, all an outline is doing is keeping me walking forward in a straight line with my book. In the past, I've known how I want my story to begin, I've known how I want it to end, and I've known the key conflicts that must take place, but so far I have had trouble putting them all together into a whole. With an outline, how the characters "get there" is up to me, but I do know I have certain chapters that I must devote to arriving at the conflicts, dealing with them, and overcoming them if I'm to write a good book. I can change and adapt my outline all I want to suit the changing whims of my mind, as long as I still stay on track and push the story forward.
Tim Beckham TAM H 20
The more support you get… The more likely you are to reach your weight loss goals.
By the time we left Moscow that December, the Soviet Union was no more, and dead with it, already, were many of the happy illusions and hopes that the coup’s failure had stirred. Soon, crime had begun to fill the power void. (Four students in our group of ten were victims of one attack or another that fall, from muggings to one serious beating.) And then there were the shortages: by mid-fall, state-store shelves were empty. By November, even potatoes weren’t so easy to find.
On 28 October 2008, the case against Isaac Mitchel Mondlani was withdrawn “as there was no prima facie case against him”.
“In this way, borrowing and lending multiply phenomenally our God-given enjoyment of the material creation, and our potential for being thankful to God for all these things and glorifying him through our use of them. In borrowing and lending, we can reflect many of God’s attributes. We can demonstrate trustworthiness and faithful stewardship, honesty, wisdom, love, and mercy.”
3) No selling of eggs
1 motivated
Do they slope?
“There was nothing unusual. People were enjoying picnics, some were relaxing in the hot spring pools by the river and others working,” he told the Kathmandu Post.
I'm hoping I'm not the only mom this happens to!
On the good side of things. I've seen the sunrise creep over Niagara Falls with one leg in America and one in Canada. I've seen the sunrise come up over the driftwood and calm surf off the coast of Victoria. I've seen it come over an endless stretch of road in Kansas, being the first thing that greets you in hours, just barely tinting the horizon.
I might lean on the moonlight crest
You maintain that you attended the demonstration as a member of Pembela and not as an MP. Since you are still in a state of denial I provided the above illustration to demonstrate how your actions as a member of Pembela have created a potentially calamitous conflict of interest with your responsibilities as an MP. Who would now believe that you can impartially serve the interests of all your constituents?
The plain croissants are, in a word, sublime. Light and buttery, they’re textbook examples of French prowess in the kitchen. But the Sweet Freak philosophy is to choose chocolate whenever the option exists. The pain au chocolat has the same layers of flaky dough as the plain croissants, but the rich, oozing center pushes the pastry from sublime to otherworldly. Especially if you go in the morning when the pastries are warm from the ovens.
Anyhow, that is behind us now. I am very glad that he did not have kawasaki syndrome as the doctor had thought. My sunshine boy is back, no more tantrums. Only tears when he does not get what he wants at times but just a good scolding, an explanation afterwards and a good hug often settles it. The time at the hospital was just a nightmare. A nightmare that I do not want to remember because while I was staying at the hospital, my girl had a seizure at home. Then we had to leave the poor boy at the hospital with just the maid so that we could take the poor girl to the doctor. Sigh.
The public fears that Ron Paul is not worried about terrorists, and since they are worried sick about terrorism, they feel safer choosing a pro-war candidate. By following the Letters of Marque and Reprisal, it is in my opinion that Dr. Paul will be tougher on terrorists than any modern president, and have far more compassion on innocent civilians. This message needs to be brought to the forefront.
Jesus said it best: John 16:33 …These things have I spoken unto you, that in me ye may have peace. In the world ye have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
And I believe in all my heart that God loves both my dad and mom very much. He has reached them both in amazing ways separately.
My reason for competing in fitness shows is that I am a competitive person by nature. I LOVE being on stage! I love the adrenaline rush, I love the nervous feeling waiting for your name to be called, I love the camaraderie backstage, I love the transformation, and best of all, I love knowing that I get to face my biggest opponent every time I do a competition, ME!
I was visiting one of the churches in our association recently when the pastor mentioned an old song he identified with. I’m not sure of the name but part of the chorus is “He’s (Jesus is) still working on me” and that could actually be the title, too. Any way, he said that He still was working on him and he was sure glad of that. That is one statement that ought to a hardy “Amen” from us all in my opinion.
Of Course, then there is the wood trim. The crown molding and the chair rail have been purchased and shellacked. They have been patiently waiting to be called into active duty. This will be installed after the wallpaper and paint and will probably inspire me to add this tool to my collection.
It is important to focus on the key task these apostles had i.e. to teach the doctrine of “Resurrection”. This is a very core teaching of the new covenant and yet greatly undermined. Jesus’ resurrection was different from other resurrections such as that of Lazarus and others who were brought back from death.
Why then did the Associated Press report in September 2011 that “The Obama administration is taking steps to extend new federal protections to a list of imperiled animals and plants that reads like a manifest for Noah’s Ark—from the melodic golden-winged warbler and slow-moving gopher tortoise, to the slimy American eel and tiny Texas kangaroo rat.”
After watching Tree of Life I was a little depressed but honestly I’m not sure why. The movie doesn’t have a traditional story and leaves everything up to the audience. It’s a hard movie to get into, and I understand that this isn’t for everybody, but I still thought visually the movie was spectacular and it’s one of the reasons why I still go to the cinema. So even though I left on a slightly depressed note I still loved the movie. This is visual poetry, it’s a movie that refreshes me from all the drivel that gets put out, and I hope Terrence Malick makes more movies like this.
Out of 200 122mm D-74/D-30 Field
Najib’s former bodyguards remain on death row in Malaysia. Their appeal against the death penalty has been delayed, presumably until after national elections that had been expected June this year although elections plans may have been derailed by a massive rally on April 28 calling for election reform.
She had 2 sisters in italy.
Catch you all soon.
“I don’t like tea.”
The 80% of the economy that is not mining related has been confronted with stiff headwinds, prompting business leaders to call for the RBA to cut by 0.5 percentage point.
distant wood. Their broad wings are not
I was really on the fence between the blue and green, until some of you pointed out that the blue were pretty and safe, where as the green were fun and unexpected. That sealed the deal for me, and I'm in love with these green beauties! Thank you for all your comments, votes and suggestions.
I'm also very happy to report that Farno is quite the happy boy these days. Who can blame him? He got his very own field!
Now... techniques in low and no light situations; In this area I further break it down to two simple methods of holding the light, and one simple method of using said light. Lets face facts... simple is required because simple is what I are.
Associations are sophisticated at the best of periods. Possibly you have feelings or perhaps definitely obsessed about somebody now, the day after tomorrow this all could change. now you get broke up with by your girlfriend, the day after tomorrow you choose your girlfriend back, but how would you win back your ex girlfriend? Absolutely nothing is in everyday life which could get you ready for a break up the only thing you can do is consider advice from those who have experienced this.
then let me tell you.....
“When Damien Hurst produced his diamond encrusted skull some time back, I remember getting a call from Charon. It is fair to say that he was over refreshed at the time. He asked if I had seen the seminal work by Hurst. I told him that I had. Charon said, enthusiasm clear in his voice: “Fantastic nonsense. I’m going to do a tribute. I mean…how difficult can it be to stick a few diamonds onto a canvas and flog it? …..to some corporate and even add a bit of VAT to help the government?”
Mommy is no fool. ;) And yes, my family still quotes the "I fell on the razor" to me.
In the drawings prepared for the article “Tower Buildings and Wider Streets,” Hood outlined his response to the growing problem of traffic congestion in midtown Manhattan. He proposed replacing the existing buildings with tall, slender towers surrounded by wider streets. The grid would be replaced by a repeating pattern of two or three towers per block, with fourteen times the amount of street space. Hood’s solution was a proposal to create incentives for developers to build on a smaller percentage of their lots. His new formula proposed a limit on volume based on street frontage: the developer could build a fixed amount higher for each foot that the building was set back from the plot line. Here was the origin of the Floor Area Ratio concept.
Let us hold to this virtue.
9. Show Low: 28-14 vs. Winslow
So, you're unfamiliar with the geocaching thing? It's like following a treasure hunt, with no map, and usually no treasure at the end of it all. Still interested? Read on MacDuff!
Coming home from the park, just after six, he is in his glory in the kitchen preparing dinner.
4) Add about 1/4 cup of shredded cheese and lightly mix together all ingredients.
an opening
So why do football clubs never learn, why do they invest millions in one manager and then within 18 months do the same all over again? There are it seems one exception at the moment, Blackburn Rovers. Under unbelievable pressure the board are publicly backing Scotsman, Steve Kean. I am writing this before Kean takes his Blackburn side to Fergie’s Utd on New Years eve and hence if they get a tonking and ad such Kean is sacked or resigns then the following is irrelevant.
as the Sparrow, Goldfinch, Blue Tit
Felix and I caught the bus downtown a couple of days and had a great time at the Pikeplace markets, the crumpet shop and the spiffy new library (Felix appreciated the kids play area, I appreciated the hot chocolate).
Up-cycled/ handmade kids' clothing.
The sauce (assuming you can't get it as-is, in that bottle up in the top photo) is basically:
We will most likely pay for having this mild winter weather and no rain
On the return bus trip home, my parents were approached by a man who said and did the strangest things, including showing off about how he had contact with Big Brother, his name for a federal government agency, perhaps the FBI. The man suggested that my father might work for them, but he needed to do a background check first. My father claimed he wasn’t interested but played along nonetheless. That is, until the man returned with news of some very sensitive information about our family that turned my father’s world upside down. “Big Brother is Watching Me” is the narrative my father told me about the bus trip home, as well as the many stories from his life.
Bordenkircher said Wednesday’s protest was “very peaceful, and our signs are very tasteful.”
You should probably know that for quite a long time I've wanted to add another waggly tail to this abode. I wanted another fur-friend to love and spoil and care for. Well, I'd finally managed to convince Chad-o that another dog was a great, marvelous, if not all around fantastic idea. And so it was, this spring another little puppy was to grace the residence of 403.
Chips with Salsa & Guacamole
2 Filets Trout
So that's it for this one. I love the crisp black, white, red theme and it makes me want to go On the Road Again, humming along with Willie Nelson. Please be sure to stop by Our Creative Corner challenge blog and sing or play along with us this week. Our other designers have lots of great inspiration to share with you!
Well, yeah ... and I proceeded to tell them the whole story.
Pluto, formerly known as a “planet” – same idea and twice as irritating!
For Juliette, I would form the letter first, let her trace over it with her finger and then have her try her own next to mine. So this activity can be adapted to be used with a wide range of ages and abilities.
This blog post is not going to be a rapturous paean to this pale green, bland-looking veggie. It’s a food memory that has resurfaced after many years of benign and admittedly, grateful neglect. Kohl rabi’s return is aided by a traditional German cooking method which Jack occasionally takes a culinary swing for a pleasing, enjoyable veggie dish at home.
Mom said it's a present I'll get from the doctor after my appoitment.
(P.S.: I did two things odd here. One, I intentionally called God “He” tonight; He is my father in this moment, no matter his true gender definition. Two, I signed with my name. Not sure why, but I did. Take that as you will.)
June and Day: At first, I admit, it was extremely hurried… I think Marie Lu just wanted to get straight to the part, rather than let it build up. I actually really liked that method. Although it makes it seem less real, it, for me, made the book faster in pace, and just skipped all the boring parts like “Oh my god! He winked at me! What ever next?” Which would have made it more like a romantic novel, than the action novel it is! (note. I’m not one for romantic novels.!)
1st place: Colombia
But time went on and on, the books have been sitting on the shelf collecting dust for the past year. I started to resent their presence in my home, they were a constant reminder of what my body was denying me. I avoided looking at them when grabbing a book of the shelf, pretending that they were not even there. Until Monday that is…when I picked up the first book and opened it up with shaking hands.
And why is it that those who embraced Islam only last week can speak to their hearts’ content about how great Islam is without needing to be an expert or needing to consult a scholar? Critics, on the other hand, are ‘theologically naïve’ or they are required to study the fifty volume Cambridge study of 14th century Shia Islam before they can even utter a single critical word about Islam and the Koran. Why do I have to study the use of glottal stops in Koranic Arabic before I dare even whisper something remotely critical about the Koran?
This really is a fantastic hidden gem that is worth seeking out the next time you visit York.
That’s when I stopped keeping score.
The flavor for this cake is raspberry and chocolate, with vanilla and chocolate sponge cake alternating. Making the cake base is not that difficult, just took a lot of time since it's big in size, 1/2 sheet, 12x18" and I only have one cake pan in that size, meaning that I had to make it three different times. That's the easy part, now the filling is raspberry white chocolate and cream cheese frosting with dark chocolate ganache, then it's covered with pink buttercream. Everything went well up until the raspberry cream cheese frosting, but then disasters happened. I blamed it on the long hours at work everyday that week that made me exhausted when I finally had the time at 9pm to start working on the cake. I basically did this cake for a few days every night and early morning, so you can imagine how tired I was :(.
This card reminded me and brought back memories of my 20th birthday, the first I celebrated away from home when I lived in Hamburg. I must admit I don’t remember much of it; I do however have one clear memory of my friend Johanna who had come early for a visit. We were passing time and ended up lying on my bed, which was actually a pull-out couch as my first flat didn’t have a proper bed, in the afternoon while we waited for the rest of the girls to arrive. Time got long so we drank a bottle of bubbly, not so shocking, OR a bottle of Martini Biano, slightly more concerning. I’m a bit fuzzy on the details as it has just been a long time ago. But either way we must have had fun, as I clearly recall not only eating gummi bears while we drank, but also drowning the most colour appropriate ones in the bubbly/martini glasses, recreating the most nail biting scenes from Titanic.
What I do have is the confidence of almost a decade as a diagnosed EDS'ers, the knowledge and understanding that brings in terms of symptom management. I've had lengthy periods of time in this type of relapse, where I'm so extensively hypotonic that my body struggles just to perform basic functions. I've previously lost speech for a period of time, although in a very different way to this current problem I have managed to relearn to talk myself without support from SALT. It took several years of drudgery before I could see any realistic improvement last time, and this time round I can take comfort from not having to learn anatomy, physiology, medicine, physiotherapy and speech therapy alone, from scratch myself. This time I knew how to avoid becoming so weak that I had to spend months using a wobble cushion, adding 30 seconds on each day until I could learn to take one step more a day, and cope with the crushing disappointment on the days the steps only went backwards. This time I know I can do this, because last time I did it too. This time I know not to worry about being 'better' or 'fixed' because there is no such thing for people with EDS, but that there are improvements to be made, that eventually with enough time and effort life will get a bit easier. This time I know that just pushing myself harder and harder will never work, and that as much as I don't want to, I have to make this my day to day priority. That's dull and dreary at the best of times, but particularly galling at a time when finally potential opportunities to work may be on the horizon. This time I know that wanting to focus on writing, speaking and campaigning so much that I can't even bear to type out the alternative won't help. That I have to suck it up and spend alot more time looking after myself. That despite all my protestations of campaigning being just from home in my pyjamas so it's fine and not damaging my health, that I can somehow figure out how to work in my jammies from home floating on an oramoprh cloud...well, wanting something to be so does not make it true.
The boys from Moore Park Road
* Heston Blumenthal had been doing a salted caramel popcorn ice cream on his 'feasts' show on Channel 4. It's available to buy ready-made in Waitrose so if you want to enjoy it on your comfortable couch without having to get up first to make it that's your best option.
I've had an extremely busy month preparing work for an upcoming group show and making up orders. Token is very proud to be stocked in two new stores: one in Pietermaritzburg and one in Knysna, but more on that in a later post...
MH: I was wondering if we were going to get a look at the earlier day of the infestation. The format reminds me a lot of serialized stories with every section seemingly being able to stand on its own while still creating an overarching story as well. Kim Monroe is a really intriguing character. He is very independent yet respectful in an Old West kind of way. Was this always his story or were you tempted to focus more on the bugs or Ruth?
Thousands of visitors travelled to Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm last weekend as Britain basked in temperatures of more than 20 degrees Celsius.
I did a little research online and found an interesting article on exactly such a mystery creature that had washed up on a South Carolina beach in March. People wondered if it was an as yet unidentified sea monster. Turns out, it was a carcass of an Atlantic Sturgeon. Mystery solved...
In reference to the baby’s sex, we did make the decision on both our boy and girl names. If, indeed, baby is a girl she will be Morgan Kaye. A little boy Jenkins will be Cade Matthew. We decided on both and interestingly each has a Welsh origin, so they compliment the Jenkins heritage nicely.
There are many things you can do to leverage accelerating the development of space. Lindbergh flew to Paris for a $25,000.00 prize. If we had a handful of serious prizes, you’d see an extraordinary number of people out there trying to get to the moon first in order to have billed (ph) that. And I’d like to have an American on the moon before the Chinese get there.
So when it comes to planning I write lists on random bits of paper; I like to think of it as “confusing the enemy”. If I had a diary people would be able to use stuff against me, and there’s probably a lot they could use. Random bits of paper are only really valuable en masse; someone would have to be an excellent stalker to find enough of them to have incriminating evidence against me, or maybe not.
The usual response to that kind of statement is, “We just need the Holy Spirit to do a reviving work…”
First publishing rights are a huge deal. You aren't going to land an agent or a trade publisher (read: NY publishing house) with a self-published book UNLESS you have immense sales and maybe not even then. Yes, yes...Amanda Hocking. I know. She had over a million sales, right? Okay...that's ONE author out of how many? According to Bowker, there were over 760,000 self-published books in 2009. Now think--how many other authors have you heard of with sales like this?
This harrowing narrative is a reminder that now is the time to consider nominating those for the annual Medal of Valor award. The Medal of Valor for 2011 will include all heroic acts performed by CDCR staff within the calendar year of 2010.
I love it because its sturdy, and because I painted it myself... I can always re-paint it if I want to use it again for another birthday party theme! :)
- diced tomatoes
The challenges I would love to enter my creation into are:-
You know what is lucky?
of great clout.
I also intend to start selling smaller giclée prints through my etsy shop soon for folks who would like a posher and more knobbly paper quality. Any recommendations of companies who offer this print service with good results would be most welcome - I've been sending off for sample packs from various places, and can't decide.
Seattle Mom and I had too good of a time and got home late. Alex got up with the kids the next morning so I could sleep in. He thoughtfully closed the big, beautiful pocket door to the bedroom to give me a better chance of being left alone by little people (our kids, not the other kind).
Vampires and werewolves are a minor, but welcome diversion from broody teenagers in love, and the film makers have used every trick in the book to make them appear interesting. The vampires look stunning and ooze class, like something from a St Etienne film clip, but it’s essentially a smoke-and-mirrors ploy to disguise a fairly ordinary romance between a couple of dull teenagers, obsessed with their own importance.
2) The 4-2 Washington Nationals host the 3-3 Cincinnati Reds in their home opener this afternoon
One of other piece I wish I’d bought that day was entitled ‘Faithful Unto Death’ (left).
Early Clinical Stage Products 17
But as a fellow aspiring sometimes writer, I am in a glass house, so I'm not about to start throwing stones at the book or the author.
Gender: Will find out in 10 days!
Applying these principles to the kids rioting in our streets does not condone their behaviour but it sure can go a long way to providing a workable solution.
So proud of my two kids!!
Brown has received numerous awards and honorary degrees, and is a member or fellow of many societies and academies on both sides of the Atlantic. He reads at least 15 languages (including Old Norse, Syriac, and Coptic), and teaches highly popular courses at Princeton on the history of late antiquity, Byzantium, and the Early Middle Ages, such as “Understanding the Dark Ages”, “Saints and Sinners in Early Byzantium” and “Civilization of the Early Middle Ages”.
I don't look at myself much. period.
Is it that these questionable laws working in their favour?
While yelling at her, he wonders why he’s getting so upset.
The GI files were hacked from STRATFOR which is an Intelligence Agency which they say IS NOT affiliated with the US govt but they just provide intelligence to everyone who pays them enough. I highly encourage you to read everything on this page otherwise everything I will tell you will probably sound like gibberish.
He explained the daily activities, chores and lives of the men. We found out that he fought in Vietnam, and while in the service following that war was fortunate to visit 82 countries over the years. But his life was filled with hardship as well for many years, not unlike the men whom he now helps. In a soft voice our friend concluded “I have seen a lot in my life, but as a Christian man, my life is now here.”
“What about you Reese?” Bending down next to Reese’s chair, Bob smiled at him. Reese looked at him but didn’t answer. “Do you like chocolate in yours too?”
The buses will run between 10am and 6pm and will drop and collect passengers on Lower Rainham Road, outside Riverside Country Park. The park and ride route will be marked by yellow directional signs. The local Arriva bus service will also be in operation.
I want to be present. I feel blessed to know what the future holds for me. I will get to tune out the world and
Scary, but I’m really starting to love my Mondays. I’ll wait for you to finish gasping before I explain why.
Before I get into the 7 Reasons Why DP is my GOTY - which I'll cover in a series of posts, all of which will be linked right here on this page - let's look at the big reasons it shouldn't be.
Before a closer look at these musical numbers, it may be fruitful to examine how the stage is literally set within Shock Corridor for these numbers to play out. As a key element of the Hollywood musical in terms of creating a “stage” area, proscenium arches are a primary visual motif throughout Shock Corridor, literally turning the supposedly ordinary space of the hospital into performance arenas. ‘The Street’ – what the inmates and staff call the corridor of the films title – is obviously not a ‘real’ street, but rather a pantomime street. Even its name denotes a space for theatrical activity. The angular lines that connote perspective and depth within the corridor create a literal frame for the action on this pantomime stage. Cathy’s “I Want Somebody to Love” sequence – the films most overt musical number – literally occurs on a stage in the nightclub in which she works. The second musical number is the canteen sequence, where the rhythm begun by Pagliacci’s table-bashing as a fight over medication breaks out is framed again by an angular, high-contrast grid pattern on the wall and ceiling that literally frames the action, creating yet another stage. Johnny’s second nightmare in the hospital has a light, supposedly coming from outside the window, but that functions as a spotlight on his face and forms an arch above his head, and as Pagliacci performs his “opera”, the sequence is interspersed with “audience” (fellow inmate) reaction shots (albeit, that reaction is to be slumped over asleep). Johnny and Trent’s (Hari Rhodes) steamboat mime sequence – another powerful musical number – begins not with a shot of them front on, but rather in profile, sitting to the edge of the shot while (again) the corridor itself creates a proscenium arch (complete with a stupefied ballet of fellow inmates in the background). And as Trent and Johnny lie in beds side by side in straight jackets, the bed heads again make clear and distinct arches above their heads, denoting the frame as a performance space. The fight sequence between Johnny and Wilkes is laden with arches, be it shadows in the hydrotherapy room or the air-conditioning pipes in the kitchen – as they arrive in ‘The Street’ for the final confrontation, there is again literally a spotlight on them. The waterfall sequence is the films final ballet, and before the music even begins, shadows form a square frame above Johnny and Pagliacci before Johnny finally choreographs himself to the ‘main stage’ again of ‘The Street’ which frames his aquatic dance routine. The Noir aspects lend generously to the creation of these proscenium arches – shadows this overt and stark are generically not just permitted, but required, in Film Noir – but while the technical justification for these arches may stem from Noir, the primary function is to create a performance space for musical numbers to unfold.
Anaru: Is it Yadomi? What brought you here at this late?
So live, so do
throughout her veins
AWP: How do you express your own style or fashion?
A group of armed men dressed in civilian clothing led dozens of teenagers to secluded areas a few days ago, stoned them to death, and then disposed their bodies in garbage dumpsters across the capital, according to activists, activists told the Cairo-based al-Akhbar website.
Licensed improvements. : If the licensor’s improvements are part of the licence, it is the best to clearly define them in this section. Improvements usually include inventions, technical developments and know-how, including trade secrets, as defined in the agreement that : (a) the licensor has or has obtained the rights to license, the (b) are patentable or not, (c) are developed or acquired during the term of the agreement, (d) pertain to the licensed process and licensed apparatus and (e) have been put into commercial use by the licensor. Their inclusion is a major consideration that should be thought out carefully by all the parties to the agreement.
“Ha, we all need easy money. What’s your excuse? Mommy got in an accident? Can’t afford college? A new car? Well at least those are decent reasons, I still don’t get why Sal is doing this.”
English Pale Ale, Batemans, England, 4.5% ABV
When I was in my twenties, I used to suffer upper back pain and several times, my doctor suggested reduction surgery. Instead, I worked out harder to strengthen my upper body. It worked. I no longer have the shoulder pain and upper back pain I used to suffer. And I am so grateful I didn’t have surgery.
Blend your colours - always blend with your next lightest colour!! I decided my petals were a touch pale, so I flicked out my darker colours a bit more. If you want them lighter, leave more pale areas!
There needs to be a change in the zeitgeist for the greater community of California and patients all across the US – to speak out against the ultimate injustice of the discrimination which medical cannabis user’s face – and finally get rid of the incompetence. Meanwhile, California can only keep on dreaming…
Allow yourself to receive. This will increase your intuition, energy and ability to give to others. It is important to make sure that your cups are all full and then you have more to give to others and not feel overwhelmed. Being such a sensitive, compassionate and empathic person often means that you forget to take care of yourself. You are so much more useful to the universe when you are feeling healthy and rejuvenated. Let others find their way as well. You can’t fix everyone (for they would not experience the life lessons they came here to experience if they don’t find their own way). Keep your light shinning and bright and let them come to you when they are ready to ask for assistance. Just as your guides and angels are governed by free will, help only those who ask for assistance. Be peaceful and serene. There is no need to worry, as everything is working out even more beautifully that we could have imagined for you. Trust. There is great love coming your way. You share you love so beautifully with others, open up to receiving it for yourself. It is time to let down the barriers to your heart. It is safe in your hands.
In a time where there is neither right or wrong,
Friday morning, I got up and could not walk. Well, I could hobble, but I was in pain. So, I did something I never do and called in sick to work. I spend all day Friday in a recliner with my leg propped up and a heating pad on my knee and Hubby waiting on me hand and foot. I only got up to go to the bathroom. And that was a chore, I can tell you. I called my dr, but he is not in the office on Fridays as that is his surgery day, so I will go see him tomorrow afternoon.
Mr. Klein and his boss, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, said they were hampered by cumbersome state laws that had been heavily influenced by the teachers’ union here, although many of the rules that govern the cases were agreed to by the city.
Except the Will which says this is all you have!’
Brulee stepped back from Lakosha’s fury. Never had she seen her teacher with such anger; perhaps she may have looked fierce in training, but never with her words.
1. In fact, it does not begin with horror but with love.
When water comes to a boil, drop in balls one at a time into the boiling water
Dinner #3 Done! There were also lots of left-overs for lunch from this one too.
Mr. Linky has chosen:
Slow sips, everyone, I thought. Slow sips...
Both shirts as you can see say “Running Wild”, I thought this a fair tribute to the kick butt group of MN Running Wild who has been an awesome support system for the past year or so. I mean talk about an inspiring group of people! Crazy positive all the time and always encouraging each other. Again…this is love.
Everybody wants their happy ending. Correction. Every girl wants it. For most it equals finding true love. Question. What is true love? A fancy wedding where you get to wear that white dress what you’ve been dreaming of in your entire life?
sister. He heard me!'' 'I also wanted to have enough money to buy a white rose for my
Now I am in a pickle. I haven’t really written. I mean, I have written in my prayer time. I have jotted down ideas. I have ideas percolating in my head, but the true writing that God is calling me to do, I haven’t done. Why is it that I am so stubborn? Why don’t I follow what God has called me to do? I am always so blessed when I do what He wants me to do. I am like the Israelites who made the golden calf when Moses was on Mount Sinai. God told Moses in Exodus 33:3, “Go up to a land flowing with milk and honey; for I will not go up in your midst, lest I consume you on the way, for you are a stiff-necked people.” I am the “stiff-necked” people. While I do want to be in God’s presence, I don’t always want to do His will. This makes no sense. There is nothing He has done to cause me to be anxious or worried.
and found myself in an empty room
2xFlattie3. Met Buzz and Peter at Chat and went up the super-classic East Face of the Third. After making the 200ft mostly free rappel directly off the backside the ropes wouldn't pull, so Peter and I cruised a much, much quicker second ascent (:26 vs. almost an hour for the first lap) and instead descended the two-pitch rappel down the SW side. Fantastic morning with only one other party on the rock (on the first pitch of the second lap).
Feedback suggests that my use of the word “demotic” requires some explanation. Strictly, it is an adjective meaning popular or vulgar. It has acquired the informal status of a noun referring to the language or habits of the horny-handed sons of toil. One of the hallmarks of Anglo-Saxon is short, stubby words which make their point without frills or any attempt at elegance, and my headline therefore referred to the sort of language you might expect from a sailor at closing time at a bar in Leith. I have muttered a few more words of that kind on this subject over recent days.
Eldest: Henry – 35
I have several projects on the horizon, including sewing projects, knitting (fall's comin', folks!), furniture painting, wall art, and more. So, hang in there! This mama's gettin' creative soon!!
Becomes a part of the public domain by publication or by any other means except an unauthorized act or mission by the licensee.
And it is not only the Lord we must present ourselves to. More important, it is the Welsh crowd. They are coming North en masse, and they scare me witless. Expectations of my children are sure to be high. The Welsh crowd, composed mostly of dowager aunts who look exactly like Miss Haversham, will be decked out in Victorian black lace, having all been born in 1842. They take things like funerals and children very seriously indeed.
In its current, often-damaged state, it is displayed in four sections at the Library of Trinity College in Dublin. The page sizes are 13 inches by 9-1/2 inches. Today there are only 340 folios. Although the manuscript pages are made of orthodox material of vellum (calfskin), the direction the young calves were cut was unusually unorthodox so as to double up on usage. Counting the cutting of calfskins per page, scholars have estimated 185 calves were used to create the book. Furthermore, these calves were culled from 1,200 or more animals. Even damaged pages needed to be used in the book; on these holey pages, words are either written around the damaged holes or directly over tiny holes, leaving missing letters when the holes enlarged. This very large number of calves means that the monastery was very wealthy and had several other monasteries assisting in the book’s production.
Taking a breathe was necessary. Taking a step back was necessary.
FB: It's not JELLO. It's in ASPIC and it's AMAAAZING. TRY IT.
whose leaves return to the soil.
1c pineapples, chopped
This kind of thinking and truth is not rare among us, and there are many black men who are holding it down. The system, wink, has used the ol’ divide and conquer strategy throughout time against naive people. Ladies, if you say or don’t believe you need a man. Your children do!!!
Early in our marriage, Dave and I read a great book by Gary Chapman called The Five Love Languages. If you want to know your spouse better–or even need to share with him what would help you feel loved and appreciated–then you might want to read it. Even better, read it together. Who knows, maybe your chores will get done after all!
Casino structures north in the distance,
To me there is no love that can be shared and enjoyed better than a wholesome dinner and a bit of cheap wine on the side.
Tools: blossom punch, dimensionals, circle punches
When I saw these two "young people" images I knew I just had to scrap a layout of my grandson Aidan and his best friend Sophie. She is the "older woman" being 9 to his 8 and is the centre of his world (just look at how he LOOKS when he is with her.) Sophie is an independent, creative and very, very smart young lady who has NO fear and is the first to come up with another great creative play idea. And while Aidan is also very imaginative and very smart he tends to be the more analytical of the two and he plays a more supporting role in their relationship. I love watching them together and I just love how these two Steampunk images captured my vision of their two personalities.
First, remove the Social Security Wage Base cap. Citizens for Tax Justice has estimated that this will raise $125 billion a year, and put Social Security on a very good financial footing. In and of itself, it doesn’t change the fact that the payroll tax would still be a flat tax, but it would be a good step in the right direction, in that it would at least stop giving people in the top 10% a public present.
1 mitten
It's easy to only see the positives when reading blogs. People show their best work, direct you to the prettiest pictures, find the most inspirational quotes--and it tends to make people forget that bloggers are real people with problems too. There's no need to wonder why your life isn't as perfect as what's on the screen, because the truth is, nobody has their shit together all the time.
First, a few figures assembled on a grassy outcrop, hand lifted over the brow as they assured each other that it was indeed Him. Then, as they started to walk, more joined them. In light of the mathematical formula of pi, that the circumference of a circle is roughly three times its diameter, they were prepared to walk around the lake, at a speed a little faster than that of a boat with lazy holiday-makers. It was still a hefty walk, of more than twenty kilometers. No one bothered to take any food. Unlike the boatful of lazy friends, they were on a mission, panting as flapping robes against a cloud of dust marked their fastest walking speed.
I bake bread once a week as an emergency ingredient for breakfast or lunches that I don't have time to prepare for. A slice of white bread with a piece of salami and a sprinkling of cheese is unbelievably good. This week, however, I decided to combine all the ingredients and make a breakfast bun that's filled with caramelized onions and crispy bacon. And from experience, we all know that bacon makes everything delicious.
Sometimes I can actually picture never having a third child. That Avery and Jude will be it for us. All the painful injections, all the extra appointments, the extra pills, the fear, the worry... It's a lot to take on. I can't imagine what it's like to just take a prenatal vitamin everyday. To only see one doctor, once a month. To pass the first trimester and know you're completely out of the woods of worry. I'm not sure if Jude's safe arrival will convince me that I can easily birth living children, or if I'll be just as scared the next time. Who knows. But even if Jude is the only living child we'll ever have to show for, I'll be grateful. He's a miracle.
Kris Romeo Bishundat, 23, Waldorf, Md.
that rotund little dictator Sir Topham Hatt
He was 8 years old when he said to me, with tears in his eyes and a look on his face that I will never forget, "You're not the big brother you used to be. What happened to you?"
You just need to try and look at the product from a different angle than others are using. Look for a keyword phrase that people will search for but not too many people are advertising for.
Recipe for wheatmeal pastry
The date for the Jews destruction (13th day of Adar) was first published in Shushan on the 13th day of the 1st month. The copy of the writing in all probability would have been dated. Since this message had to be published in all 127 provinces of the kingdom, and many of them were great distances away, we can be sure that the decree they would receive several weeks later would have the original date the law was given on them. Since the law was issued in Shushan, the people of Shushan heard about this decree on the very first day it was published:
Mar, being among the weak material for presidential election in 2010 takes off with his offensive media stunts. In fact Mar is very visible now, trying to get as many interviews as he can. He also targeting the grassroots by airing radio ads about cheaper medicine and about insurance mess.
One more time, musicians and bands, the logo, the font and the graphics have to line up.
Silver: Old #23 Barley Wine, Bristol Brewing Co., Colorado Springs, CO
Guess what I answered ;DDD ‘I look good in everything… That`s the point.’
‘Ooh. Crikey. Ow – that was uncomfortable. Who knew being compressed to an MP3 file was that – compressy?’ He ran over to Ollie, ‘We have to find everyone’s track, and get them back.’ He grabbed the iPod and began scrolling through: ‘“Cry Me A River”, that’s your mother. Where’s Amy … Ha! She’s going to hate this!’ He clicked the ‘Grandma’ track. ‘Don’t ask, it’s complicated. Now, which one is the Doctor’s …?’
But I was too blinded by stories
I'll stop reading your novel too if I see "flaxen haired beauty" or "raven tresses" or "buxom beauty" and you're not being satirical or ironic.
Quit smoking and take my birth control regularly
1 cup white wine vinegar
So this image is a MUST have, eaven though I really shouldnt
Open Interviews
Piley's Newsround keeps in with the transport theme too.
Scarlett is not a fabulous cook.
afterwards we went outside and wanted to check out the local area and accidently found the Montmartre hill and white-domed Basilica of the Sacré Cœur.
Ronel also included some goodies for me: three packs of Madeira floss (I am sooo looking forward to trying it out since I've never used it), beads, fabric and large stickpins, as well as a postcard and sweet little note.
For More Information Call: 718-250-4850
I have to admit I have yet to see on this season, so I'm hoping they are still doing them. If you cannot find a red kettle, you can drop some coins in any non-profit jar, bucket, slot you find in stores or restaurants. If you attend church, you can even put extra coins in the offering basket.
I went to lunch last week with my friend jessica who just had a little boy a few weeks ago. She reminded me of the things I felt when I had Drew.
I have to declare an interest here: Cowboy Jess is dedicated to my son Sam, and Geraldine McCaughrean is one of my all-time favourite authors (I doubt that I would have ever got around to writing my own novels at all if I hadn't read Fire's Astonishment and Vainglory).
Remember a time when you first met a person, something inside you told you cannot trust that person and you finally turned out to be right? Remember when something within said a specific question would be asked in your exam or interview and it turned out to be true? Remember a time when you knew what other person is about to say before that person would even open the lips? If that is not intuition, then you’ve misunderstood the meaning of the word!
5. Integrate Across Various Online Platforms
Argent Warhorse – 100 Champion’s Seals
I decided to stain it as we had several painted pieces in the adjacent rooms already and I REALLY loved the grain of the wood and didn't want to hide it. I found new knobs at Home Depot. The knobs it comes with are just your basic round wood ones.
In a blender, puree the watermelon with the sugar until smooth. Stir in the mint, lemon zest and salt. Pour the puree into 8 popsicle molds or 2 standard ice cube trays (insert popsicle or kabob sticks halfway through freezing) and freeze until hard, about 3 hours.
Next, stir in 2 cups of baby spinach. (I forgot to take a picture of this part.) Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.
Adler SP. Cytomegalovirus. Grossman LB (Ed.). Infection Control in the Child Care Center and Preschool. Philadelphia PA: Lippincott Williams and Wilkins, 2003.
I don't think I need to go into why BrewDog do what they do, I think we're all familiar with their shock tactic methods by now, but it's one thing to thumb your nose at authority and it's another to tell outright lies.
But not at him; I’d rather on his right.
2011. Last year Don’t Push It went close to recording back-to-back victories, finishing third, and prior to his success in 2010, Clan Royal went close when second in 2004, he was then carried out when in the lead at Becher’s second time around in 2005 and was third in 2006, while King Johns Castle filled the runner-up spot in the 2008 contest. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1982 Deep Gale (Fell 1st), 1988 Bucko (PU bef 27th), 1992 Laura’s Beau (3rd), 1994 Laura’s Beau (Fell 6th), 1996 Wylde Hide (UR 24th), 1997
Look, I can deal with the fact that 75% of the guards don't speak English.. I'm in THEIR country, and it's certainly inspiring me to speak better Tok, but there are English, Indian, Hindi, NZ and local women all in this compound, and our common language is English.
Rebecca Jernigan: A former white hat does not mean black hat. It means I am no longer associated with the white hats as they have been compromised and some have been cloned.
One emigrating taxpayer causes at least 16 black people (maids, gardeners and their dependants) to lose their sole source of income...
NASA Warns of Shrinking Ice Sheets
1. Tony Hatch - Downtown
Fans of romance don't need to look any further than the fauxmance brewing between teen idols Charlie Tracker and Fielding Withers—known on their hit TV show as Jenna and Jonah, next-door neighbors flush with the excitement of first love. But it's their off-screen relationship that has helped cement their fame, as passionate fans follow their every PDA. They grace the covers of magazines week after week. Their fan club has chapters all over the country. The only problem is their off-screen romance is one big publicity stunt, and Charlie and Fielding can't stand to be in the same room. Still, it's a great gig, so even when the cameras stop rolling, the show must go on, and on, and on. . . . Until the pesky paparazzi blow their cover, and Charlie and Fielding must disappear to weather the media storm. It's not until they're far off the grid of the Hollywood circuit that they realize that there's more to each of them than shiny hair and a winning smile.
In a small bowl, combine powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla to make glaze. Tint with food coloring, if desired. Spoon over cooled pop tart pops, sprinkle with colored sugar, and allow to the glaze to harden slightly before serving.
She is 9 and of course knows everything in theory from watching me since she was a baby, but so far she was to much afraid of the flame and only tried a little bit sitting on my lap.
One result is that the Brewing Co.'s fourth annual Maryland crab soup competition, already planned for Sunday, Sept. 18, is now part fundraiser as well.
she actually said,
Be active in our Yahoo group
10/19 – Fargo, ND – The Aquarium
Now these protesters and those that use them to further their agenda without getting dirty say the "rest of us" will have to give up a little more so there can be more for those that "don't have". For they were never taught that"nothing is free". Wreck your car that mommy and daddy bought you. They'll buy you another. Squander your money on electronics and toys and now don't have the money to eat, that's OK, someone else will feed you.
Received 2 mails for May. She must need money. No word from Tai. Money must not be an issue yet.
preparing an extendable stairway which is foldable between a collapsed stored position for nesting within the outer frame and an extended in-use position;
When customers come in to the shop on a wedding week end, they don't know what to do with themselves because there is no place to move! So, what did we do?
The reason the customer feels that the Salesperson wasted their time was that the Salesperson didn’t listen to the customers wants and needs.
- 1 doodle doll run-on pack
There aren't many available options for our resident pescatarian, Ms Veg, but rice, beans and fried egg fits the bill. Beans and rice is a staple across South America, and a comfort dish for many. The fried egg is perfectly cooked, and pepita seeds add a lovely texture, but Ms Brazil and I both wish the beans were a little more cooked, and saucier too.
Now we all know what you mean when you do this. What you are engaging in is called "hyperbole". Dictionary.com defines it as follows; "Obvious and intentional exaggeration."
The drama for outspoken correspondent Roland Martin continues. Now the “Fly Jock”, Tom Joyner, has issued a written “smack down” chastising him for prolonging the issue with GLAAD.
Puzzles:
As the final seconds ticked by before the first guests arrived, I surveyed my kingdom. The house was dust-free. The windows were crystal clear. The rug was devoid of Lucky Charms. The computer desk was free of cups, plates, and empty yogurt cups. There was no salami in the dvd's. The lawn was a perfect 1.5 inches, soft to the most tender feet. Weeds had been eradicated, flowers dead-headed, and borders trimmed. The tables and chairs were set about the yard, carefully designed to look as though they were not carefully designed. Drinks were set, food was simmering, and gentle strains of jazz wove through the scene like a comfortable old blanket. Even the tomatoes on the vine looked like decorations, as if to say, "here lives a man who can do it all". Sadly, it was too late to cancel the party and extend the moment further.
Skepoet: What are the relevant language skills required to start sincere study of Slavic paganism?
This morning I am listening to music and writing. I had a wonderful dream that sparked an idea for a new short story, By Candlelight. Old friends who reignite an old relationship.
I don't know what I would do without these two friends in my life.
Local antique stores and flea markets
Dear Readers, Her Majesty LOVES swimming. She has taken to it, well, um, like a fish takes to water. She is totally unafraid of getting her face wet, and in fact, jumping into the pool is her favorite thing to do. She flings her entire body into the pool, stays underwater until she has to pop up for air, and then immediately goes under again. And eventually she makes her way back to the side of the pool, climbs out, and then launches herself again.
World Book Night is celebrated on April 23 because it's the UNESCO International Day of the Book, chosen in honor of Shakespeare and Cervantes, who both died on April 23, 1616. (It is also the anniversary of Shakespeare's birthday.) In the Catalan region of Spain, the day is celebrated by giving a book and a flower to a loved one.
'Hey Pete, lets go look around and see if we can find the Monroe Monster....he could be close by."
I said I agreed that they were touchingly portrayed: blind Homer, who narrates the story with nicely wry economy, has a touching affection for the increasingly mad brother who - in turn touchingly - cares for him, with his all-too sane insights into American society. Mark particularly liked Homer's account of Langley's assessment of the moon landings:
He felt something brush past his leg. Something large and heavy. Sea-snakes, he thought. What the bastard are sea-snakes doing here? He’d seen a show about them a month back. The water was starting to soak through his unmentionables.
Knotts Berry Farm
Factory Records US Facus 2
I stood up and guided her weakened legs to the bed where I pulled the covers over us both.
//-->Russia’s President-elect Vladimir Putin is being inaugurated as the new head of state. Putin is an inauguration champion – he has played the main role in the performance three times out of six to have taken place in modern history.
Since this brownie is so healthy, make sure you don't leave off icing it with chocolate icing!
Tiddly Inks has graciously offered a $10 gift voucher for their on-line shop as our prize this month!
- To dress up the cake a bit I made a cider/maple glaze. I set some boiled cider from King Arthur (a very intense concentrated essence of cider) in a little sauce pan with maple sugar and cooked it to thicken it a bit more. The maple sugar doesn't dissolve as easily as cane sugar, but I like the subtle flavor that it added to the glaze. When it boiled over (oops) I declared it done.
