For the frosting, beat together butter and cream cheese in a mixer. Add powdered sugar a little bit at a time. Add a tablespoon of milk at a time until it is a nice consistency. Frost cupcakes. Top with remaining coconut.
I’d forgotten that the sloped roof of the church means it doesn’t block as much sunlight as a flat-roofed building of similar footprint would.
Mugabe single-handedly turned his country into a closed, patronage society by eroding the rights of minority Ndebele-speakers and later majority Shona-speakers, by abusing state power for personal gain, by denying opportunities to all those outside his inner circle, and by refusing to concede defeat at the polls.
But as I read, I calmed down. I decided to introduce myself with a poem called “The Block,” which addresses the bane of writer’s block. I felt myself opening up. As I read pieces new and old, the emotions for each one became familiar like an old friend. I was talking to my former self in 2008 who was on a sort of romantic reawakening. I soon touched bases with my current self, who loves someone so ferociously that it’s a shame that poetry has been on the backburner for so long.
I am off to Stagecoach with some college friends! Here's to a weekend of beer and whiskey, making new friends, and good ol' country music!! I won't be back until after cinco de mayo--I have to literally go from Indio to our warehouse in Pennsylvania for a week.
I love Jesus and Mary as mentioned in Quran.
I am so sorry that you are gone.
The house is on acres of untouched land, by a river, on Australian soil. Good red earth, y’know?
children attend. As students, we study and learn many things, math, English, the sciences, social studies, environmental issues, the history of our country and other countries, music, art, and sports.Then there’s the extra curricular studies, like learning piano or guitar, dance, swimming, and a host of special interest hobbies. After we fill our learning in elementary, junior high and high school, then we go off to college, trade school, or a career oriented education program. We keep learning.
Is the bible written in sanskrit?
becomes a philosopher by default."
My mom is becoming a bird lady.
Tamino and I needed our break, having undergone trials by metaphorical fire and water of late. We are deeply grateful to Isis, Osiris and Wolfang Amadeus. Here is Solti with a tribute.
This statement is reminiscent of one presented during a workshop I attended on assessment and intervention for students with "hearing loss and other disabilities". The keynote speaker said that hearing-impaired children lack the ability to communicate with others and this inability to access language has a negative impact on social skills and abstract reasoning.
A new book, just released, reveals the shocking reality of farm attacks in South Africa which have occurred over the past 20 years, starting from the year 1991. The book titled, Treurgrond – 20 jaar van plaasaanvalle in Suid Africa, describes 1,363 murders which occurred during 2,617 attacks on farms and smallholdings. The book carries an age restriction of 18. It is distributed by Kraal Uitgewers.
Additional donations made payable to the Chamber Fund; an IRS approved 501C3 charitable foundation will help the Joseph Acocella Educational Center & the Mechanics Institute of NYC
Run just as fast I can ... to the middle of nowhere...
Shower me
7 The San Francisco Chronicle on Japan’s ‘mancession’. Three times a week, Seiya Ogawa bikes to an unemployment center in Kadoma, home to Panasonic Corp., looking for work to help pay for his son’s final year at college. “At this point, I’m willing to take any job,” said the 49-year-old, who assembled electronic circuit boards in what was once a bustling manufacturing suburb of Osaka, Japan’s third-largest city. This month, it’s officially one year since he first signed on at the center, and “it’s like my humanity’s been stripped from me,” he said.
"And you say you don't have a social life," the Artist replied.
May 4th: 1st Friday/Oakland Art Murmur opening from 6-9 pm.
We must report there was no grand total of 50,000 words.
I guess I'm just surprised I like it so much. Which I guess I shouldn't be surprised about since my favorite country music has been from England since the Byrds and the Stones started doing country-rock in the 60's.
Since those college days, the friendship has been cemented, with Cameron describing Feldman as ‘one of my oldest and best friends’.
IT’S TIME TO CHOOSE YOUR POKEMON
Beneath the Planet of the Apes
I have to say, one day into being 30 and isn't bad at all...not that I was anticipating that it would be. I woke up yesterday to donuts in bed from my favorite local bakery, followed by some cute gifts from my kiddos (a miniature metal lunchbox with Disney characters wearing extra large glasses and the catch phrase, "Let's Nerd Out," on it-- that will be sitting on my desk and a Matchbox convertible so they could say they bought me a new car).
At least until Saturday.
Fan favourite Dany also got some much-needed screen time. Where she finally realised what everybody else knew; the old knights in love with her. The Mother of Dragons is up in arms about her future plans for taking back the Iron Throne and if you thought that skinny freaky looking warlock was strange and confusing wait til Dany actually visits the House of the Undying Ones.
A man so extremely ordinary and yet a teacher of measure.
ELODIE BOUCHEZ/NATACHA REGNIER (THE DREAM LIFE OF ANGELS)
The woman point to my chest again and spoke something in Thai. The crowd lifted their plastic cups and yelled, “Yeah!” or the equivalent of yeah in Thailand-ese. The woman fanned at me, smiled, and sauntered back to her man kicked backed on a blanket.
Can you say wowzers? I mean, it's so great having so much space to work with! Now I can start giving pots & pans and appliances more breathing room within their personal spaces as well!
He condemned Fernandez for basing her statement on rare incidents and labelled her as an “immoral” activist.
Like many in the food community, I learned the devestating news via Twitter. Jennie's Mikey, the love and light of her life, had tragically and unexpectedly passed away. There are things that happen in life that are inexplicable and just so unfair. This is one of them. A man loved by his family and so many others suddenly cut short in the prime of his life. Like me, I am sure Jennie expected her husband to be there at her side for decades to come -- to watch their kids head out into the world and forge their own way, to experience all the ups and downs that life threw at them, to love and laugh and to grow old together. My heart is overflowing with sorrow for Jennie and her kids. For all the sadness they are dealing with right now and for all the years to come without Mikey.
7/15 Cincinnati, OH - Bunbury Festival
Mon cherie Helene,
Whether or not I choose to walk down a block or attend a political rally because I'm afraid I'll run into someone with a gun is not a tiny matter. Whether or not my government allows cows to be fed with hormones (not even talking about the organic vs. non organic matter here) is also not some insignificant point that has little to do with my everyday life.
Use them to execute a glorious comeback
The premise of My Dear I Wanted to Tell You, rooted as it is in solid historical research, is deeply compelling. For most us, thankfully, our experience of war is second-hand. We view the casualties of war through the filter of what the public can reasonably be expected to cope with on the large or small screen or when leafing through the newspapers. Logic tells us that injuries are not restricted to ‘emotionally acceptable’ parts of the body: an arm in a sling, blood seeping through a jacket, a missing limb. Yet it is rare that we are asked to confront serious facial wounds – not the odd character-forming scar – but disastrous injuries, a jaw blown off, flesh reduced to pulp, features that a close relative could not recognise. The face identifies us, communicates emotion, attracts us to others. What would you do if your face was destroyed? Would you want to die? Would you want to tell the person that you loved? And what would you do if you were that man’s lover? Louise has written a moving, page-turning novel, in lyrical prose, that tries to answer these questions, and in so doing highlights some of the pioneering work in the field of plastic surgery in the aftermath of the First World War.
and I would continue barefoot until autumn ends.
He snapped a photo of the first man he shot: 12:33 p.m. April 21, 2006, according to the time stamp on his camera. The man wore a blue sweater and a white jacket that turned crimson.
Numbers 11:1-33
week, and the stories he comes home with are just so filled with HUGE
Whenever I see an iron birdcage or decorative fencing, I always think of my grandmother. It is a little odd, since she lived on a farm and never had caged birds or decorative iron fencing, but she grew up in New Orleans and for perhaps for that reason, I have attached the two in my head.
Allison’s Wedding Style Board:
I choose to love My God, My LORD and My Saviour, My Source of Power! Amen!
"Just imagine the work to keep it. The smallest particle hitting you…the smallest amount of energy…the smallest, most inconsequential force applied, and BAM, you've got heat."
So to her pretty maids,
“Come here my child.” Father James held his arms out to her, motioning for her to quickly come to him. “We must hurry before the demons find you here.”
Ok. I promise it won't take me until July. I'm so ready to get the other side of my closet in on a little blog action.
On Saturday morning the weather looked perfect for an early mornings kayaking trip on the flashes to film the Grebes on the nest as well as try to get a few photographs of Reed Warblers before the reeds begin block off there singing perches and then they can only be heard and not really seen. The sun was shining the water was calm plus the birds were singing there dawn song at 5am forming a wonderful relaxing scene. I managed to find a regular singing perch on a reed that the same bird would always return to so it can establish its area of reed bed as well as attract a female then build a nest and hopefully if I can find a nest on the edges f the reed beds I will be setting up a camera on it to capture there daily life in the safety of the reed beds.
What has happened to British politics? The liblabcon are just political "swingers" they will bed hop wherever it suites it would seem.
It seems like there has been a growing emphasis on the need for colleges and universities to teach communications skills to their students. To help them become global citizens, to activate those little twitter feeds for good, not evil. Certainly was the impetus behind all those articles praising the "Millennials" involved in Obama's campaign. "Isn't that cute," the newspapers seemed to say. "Those young kids are interested in politics." Flash mobs, twitter updates, bloggers—these things and concepts are all important, but they're a means to an end, not the end itself.
There, quick and easy, and the microwave has beeped.
If you are reading this (which I doubt few of you are) you are probably familiar with it and are (hopefully) mourning over it’s cancellation. Yes I know it was canceled last year but I find myself roving FanFictions looking for good fics on it because I find myself thinking more and more about it.
It is also an honor to be able to reflect on the project and remember the experience we got to share with Linn Jacobs who has since passed away, who was such an amazing and wonderful woman, she lives on through her artwork and the TC book.
I've been getting a lot of canvas commissions lately, which I really love. Abstract canvas artwork is not as easy at it seems, but I think that when it is done well, it really adds a lot to a room. I read on Sketch 42's blog the other day, a great quote about modern/abstract artwork. She was visited the MoMa, and was observing the famous One: Number 31 painting by Jackson Pollack, and wrote this:
Until I decide what to do on the seed starting front I've been satisfying my desire for color, flowers, and foliage by working with some bright, custom-mixed polymer colors.
Carson’s world-building is consistently well done from the Spanish influence of Elisa’s home kingdom of Orovalle to the hill people to the mix of cultures in Brisadulce. And the fact that the desert wasn’t immediately home to a fantasy version of Bedouins was fantastic. As much as I like gorgeous horses, that particular stereotype is overdone, and it’s neat to see the idea of a nearly unlivable desert play out. The city of Brisadulce confused me a little bit in that it seemed a desert city but then at one point was mentioned to be on the ocean. For this reasons and others, I’d have loved if the author had included a map of her world. Some of the routes traveled from city to city got confusing especially towards the end of the book when the speed required didn’t seem to match with earlier information, and it would have been really nice to be able to look at a map and trace the journeys!
So… Football! Tomorrow! Just hours away! Y’all ready? I’ve just had a sign that, I think, bodes well for our future. Long story short, I was poised to help a friend move into a new place this weekend. But then I received a text from her telling me that “I’m off the hook : )” because movers have been hired.
This post continues my discussion of Median Christianity vs. Mediocre Christianity (parts 1, 2). Last time, I proposed “Jesus Christ, the Lord, is risen” as the only creed that should be required in order to prove true Christianity. Here, I provide a list of the major confessional material in the New Testament (drawn from Richard N. Longenecker, New Wine into Fresh Wineskins). I also distill this material and synthesize it into a single confession. On Monday, I’ll compare this NT-based confession with my proposal and see what changes need to be made where, and why.
Besides the smile of our Heavenly Father that we feel in His presence, the warmth of His love that drains off the stress and exhaustion of pastoral ministry, there is one other thing that keep us going: the expressions of gratitude from our church family. There are things that make it all worthwhile: words of appreciation, the “ah-ha” reflected on the face of a congregant who “gets it” as he/she opens like a flower to the work of the Spirit, a simple “Thank you for that message”, or a sincere hug as someone leaves the worship service. And once in a while a card, or a gift, or a dinner invitation. Or we hear the pride in a voice as it says, “I’d like you to meet my pastor,” or, “You ought to visit our church sometime.”
These samples are the perfect size for a throw pillow or other small project, and $5 is a fraction of the cost per yard for these high-end fabrics. Jackpot! Does anyone know the proper protocol for "purchased" samples? (JoAnns refunds your $5 if you bring the sample back.)
Who know's...maybe if I hit 50 followers I'll randomly pick a follower to receive a special prize!
Takin’ a Ride
Baby you’re my Prince CharmingWhen my heart’s on a flatline
2) Astronomers have calculated the number of the stars in the universe at 10 to the 25th power
The context of this verse will help us understand how to apply this verse and how not to apply it. In the preceding verses, Paul is writing about his response to the different financial situations God has brought him through. In verse 12, he writes, “In any and every circumstance, I have learned the the secret of facing plenty and hunger, abundance and need.” To shed some more light, Paul says in verse 11, “I have learned in whatever situation I am to be content.” It is obvious, then, that Paul is saying in verse 13 that he can be content in whatever financial situation he finds himself through the strength Christ provides him. This is a direct application for us as well. We too can be content when we have very little resources or when we have an abundance of resources… through Christ who strengthens us.
The problem was I didn’t like mushrooms, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes or Feta cheese. I wasn’t crazy about sprouts either. Other than that, it sounded like the thing I’d dislike least so that’s what I ordered.
Late last year I read about a study that made me start to think a lot more about our use of shopping bags. We’ve been using the ubiquitous (in Australia, at any rate) green polypropylene shopping bags for our grocery shopping for years now, but the Woolworths Shopping Bag study, by RMIT’s Centre for Design, made me start thinking about all the bags we consume when we buy or receive goods. The study looked at the whole life cycle environmental cost of a number of different types of retail shopping bags (paper and several different plastics), taking into account the production of the raw materials and manufacturing of bags from those raw materials, transport, use and ultimate disposal of the bags.
Larry Shuttleworth
Now here’s what happened. The lady on the telephone was nice enough and disconnected me. Then nothing happened for ten days. The next day I got an ugly call telling me I better mail the DVR and other stuff back or else. Later that afternoon UPS delivered the box. Apparently the left hand doesn’t know what the right hand is doing – too hard to link UPS tracking to the nasty phone call program. It, apparently, is date driven. I loaded up the material and carted it off to the UPS store, making a point to hang on to my tracking material, just in case.
Holy day be…
I love to feel the rain
In an article Kyle-Anne Shiver wrote for “The American Thinker” she says, “Soros made his first billion in 1992 by shorting the British pound with leveraged billions in financial bets, and became known as the man who broke the Bank of England. He broke it on the backs of hard-working British citizens who immediately saw their homes severely devalued and their life savings cut drastically, almost overnight.”
- Hand cream 75 mL 2 for $7.00 or $3.99 each (Herbacin)
The meatloaf was really good - for turkey meatloaf anyway. It was flavorful and light-textured. Husband has requested I make it more often, so it's a keeper. I think I'll wait until a few weeks after Thanksgiving though.
At the voice of an in-door singer.
"Dealers in this city will not handle this kind of literature." F.E. Merritt and Son, Lansing, MI
open
To address the problem, DepEd is adding 2 more years in high school.
The bug guy sprayed for ants in the basement, but he couldn’t do anything about the boiler not venting. That was a job for the oil guy, he said. So we called the oil guy who said, yup, there was a venting problem alright, but it wasn’t a job for him. We needed a chimney sweep. So we called LaBrosse Chimney, whose tag line is “Chimney Wise: Your Educated Chimney Professionals.” The next day, they were at our office, schooling us.
Please protect the animals today and deliver them from thoughtless, neglectful, or hurtful people.
The fragile little limbs.
installment. That’s a terrible reason.
I like that sweetness will always be on the tip of my tongue.
Hello!! It Sunday and I'm here with a card for two CAS challenges: Less is More (use neutrals) and One Layer Wednesday (black, cream & a bit of bling). I hadn't done a OLW challenge in about a month. Not entirely sure why other than maybe I was too busy or I was just lazy. I love one layer challenges, but if I have to think about what I have to do too much then forget it! Anyway.. when I saw Jennifer's challenge this week I had to play along this week. I was so happy to see that this week's LIM fit perfectly with OLW because well... black and cream are definitely neutral!
Local New Jersey food blogger Melody Kettle recently did a great write up of all of the restaurants of Zod Arifai, the Albanian-born rock n’ roller turned rogue self-taught chef whose establishments have been getting tons of critical acclaim.
Michal - drums
I am a huge fan of Big Time Rush. I watch their TV show, I follow their official band webpage, and I follow their Twitter posts. This is just an example, but they do the same things that they did before they were famous. They go snowboarding, pull pranks on set, joke around, have funny moments videos that they post, etc. They take their pets on tour with them and even have them on set every now and then. They are always having fun, no matter where they are.
rotary cutter/mat/ruler
"How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard."
What is that simple truth?
Theme: Frugal Cooking
The Flying Monkeys were so happy for a new leader!
or in death.
Who knows, maybe in 6 months I will change the rooms back, but for now I am loving this new switch! :))
Go to bed between 9.30 and 10 pm.
Next we meet Katherine, an employee of the local mega church whose delinquent brother, Caleb, has gone missing. Caleb is played by corey Feldman, who is essentially playing himself. The police are not much interested in helping her find Caleb because he has been a notorious troublemaker, so she hires a sarcastic private detective named rafe to find him. Rafe is played by Dennis Miller. We hit the trifecta here. Miller is also playing himself. It is a real shame all three of the main characters do not have to slide into a new persona, yet are all awful. None of the three must be comfortable in their own skin.
Subject: Re: WESTERN UNION DETAILS NEEDED!!!!MISSED FLIGHT
boundaries in the sense of rules, regulations, or something imposed on the masses by others more powerful than those masses. These type of boundaries make many of us either shake in rage or want to move to a private island somewhere.
By 1975 the novelty of Hot Butter's moogy squeaks and squelches had worn off, which probably goes a long way to explaining how this equally brilliant single came into being. "Getting Off" is essentially a funk reworking of their earlier 1973 track "Space Walk". Whereas before the band clearly had interstellar ambitions for the track, "Getting Off" sounds more urban, bringing to mind images of housing projects, men swaggering proudly across streets with "Walk"/ "Don't Walk" crossing lights, and, er... cardboard boxes placed strategically in the middle of industrial estates for no apparent reason. It's a piece of funk which is very much of its era and does indeed underline all the usual cliches, but it swoops so gracefully and has so many pounding, exciting breakbeats (listen to the drummer yelling halfway through the track) that you'd have to have feet of lead to not be interested.
meeting, dozens of parents packed the chambers to protest an outbreak of campus bullying. Valentina Garcia, the mother of a first-grader attending the National Blue Ribbon–awarded El Marino Language School, stepped to the microphone and proclaimed that if ruffians had accosted her daughter for her lunch money, “my logical response would not be to write the bullies a check.” What made Garcia’s statement unusual was that she wasn’t describing the bullying of children—she was referring to a local education union’s intimidation of parents.
Did you like the show? Let us know.
Illustrators are a very important part of the Fair too and this year's special guest was Portugal.
If you want to impose a Communist government onto the people, you need to destroy the capitalist economy, but openly doing so is going to cause a massive outcry from the public. So in order to destroy the economy, you have to break the back of it, namely electricity. Create an “Electricity Crisis” (problem), The public cries, “Something must be done” (the Reaction), blame businesses for consuming too much electricity and tell them to scale down (the solution). Down the drain Economy goes.
Wait. It might even be this one. I can't really remember, because after 20+ miles, your brain doesn't work that well, honestly. I couldn't even do more than the most basic math at that point. Example of typical thought process: Let's see, I'm at 24.5 miles so that means I have... um... Two miles. Wait, less than two miles. Oh look, she has a pink tutu on. That's gotta itch. Anyway, one mile and... *looking at Garmin* Crap, now it's 24.7 miles. So that means one mile and... something to go. I can do that.
According to the UK Government, the Welsh Government's bid was knocked out early and it's no surprise it's cringe worthy. If this is the level of competence and interest in running Wales currently in the Welsh Government and civil service god help us.
Sometimes this level of awareness can be overwhelming.
“What’s been happening, Prof?”
Nigeria as being laced with
2) Fold flour until cheese mixture.
The May Bank Holiday long weekend is coming up next weekend, and one can only hope that the weather cooperates. If so, this would be an excellent weekend to enjoy outdoor activities as the temperatures will not be too hot or too cold. Blenheim Lodge offers 2 free fishing permits for fly and coarse fishing in several lakes near our B&B, and I know my husband enjoys a little angling on Ratherheath, a coarse fishing lake 4 miles distant.
Being so burnt out, I just didn’t feel like talking to anyone after my shift–it’s the introvert in me. I texted Dean saying I would call shortly, went home, crawled into bed, intended to call, but then before I knew it it was 3 pm. When I woke up, I was like, I should probably do some sort of cardio workout, given the marathon in one week. Couldn’t find the motivation to run, so I did a relatively easy intensity elliptical workout while mindlessly watching TV, and then scrambled to make it to my shift on time.
and the camel walls yelluh like damp dead chickens
giving up the plot right away,
Corina whispers through the library bookcase at her friend. "What happened?"
The mic is then aimed downward at the mouth with the exact distance at the singer's and producer's option.
PHOs, IPAs, management service organizations (MSOs) and physician practice management companies (PPMCs) have been closely tracked and researched by the Managed Care Information Center in connection with the production of the National Directory of Physician Organizations Database on CD-Rom.
It’s gonna have to be sleeves for me, chickens, as I have an arm-chafing situation reminiscent of my triathlon days.
Meanwhile, Jet Airways, which had earlier called opaque fares a scam and had threatened to pull out inventory from makemytrip.com last month, also confirmed the move.
05. MY BOY
exist on far ends of the same rope? But–
Bull is angry, and takes all of his rage out on Victor. He's the opposite of weak. And he's tired of his grandfather's drunken beatings, so he tries to defend himself with a loaded gun.
Blog URL
I'm still on bedrest and I'm not supposed to drive or doing a lot of walking around, but that doesn't even bother me anymore. When I look back at some of my previous posts--the ones where I was complaining about being on bed rest--I sorta feel like punching myself. I mean, bedrest in any form isn't fun, but I'd much rather be on bedrest in my own home than in the hospital. I also have to go to the doctor's office three times a week. Two of the appointments are NSTs (Non-Stress Tests). Basically, I go in and they strap me to the monitors to check the girls' heart rates. They also monitor my amniotic fluid levels and my contractions. I tend to contract all day every day and the whole "6 in an hour" rule doesn't apply to me at all, so I get pretty tickled at the nurses' reactions when they see the reading from the TOCO. My contractions are pretty big and sometimes really intense, but for whatever reason they don't affect my cervix or send me into active labor. The nurses always seem surprised to see that I'm smiling and laughing while having such huge contractions--I guess I'm just used to them by now..... My other appointment is with my regular OB.
11. Free Fallin'
As we arrive at the transfer dock, its starts to rain. go figure.
By ingratiating himself with Gray as he set out to discredit and destroy him, Felt expected that when Gray was passed over by Nixon, he would recommend to Nixon that he appoint his loyal deputy, Felt, as director. Even if cynical and vicious, the scheme was clever.
Although I do not advocate verbalizing this to a guy (it comes across as trying to make him jealous) it does subconsciously change the way you relate to the guys you are dating. If you are out on a Friday and Saturday night enjoying your interactions with 2 new guys you won’t have time to be sitting by the phone wondering about the guy you went out with last week. Be present with each guy and always try to have as much fun as possible. This may be difficult if you find yourself liking one guy way more than the others – the trick then is to continue finding more quality guys to date! You want your decision to be as difficult as possible so that you do not become too attached or hooked on one particular guy. When you have an abundance mentality or a “I can take you or leave you” mindset, your ways of relating to men will change. You will find yourself less likely to try to prove yourself or impress a guy you’re dating. This doesn’t mean you are aloof or uncaring, you just are “outcome independent” which is intriguing to men.
love exists.
they think I am weak
Mirror
I would like to use the wooden blinds like I have on the windows on the front of the house,
Isn’t that what it’s like to begin reading a terrific book?
Fellow Humans of planet Terra, the moment is arrived.
I often underestimate that ability. There are in fact some people who do not exhilarated by getting on an airplane and being alone in a new place. I thrive in it, while others detest it. For others, there are limits as to what they will take. I have seen my housemates hit their breaking points and they are slowly making their way back.
Oh, there were Gentiles who also withstood him, as we already mentioned in Ephesus. But these were religious Gentiles, worshippers of Diana. The cause of the tumult was the fear that the craft of the silversmiths would be ruined and those who were making money out of religion would be out of a job and money.
and tourism industries
The FDA approved Kalydeco, a drug previously known at VX-770. So many in our CF community are ecstatic! The day felt like it would never come but it is here. For many, this is the hope they have been waiting for for their children.
Open 10 - 5, 7 days a week
Incredibly they find the truck driver is still alive but badly hurt and that he’s their science teacher Dr Woodard (Glynn Turman). When he comes round he is very agitated and he warns them that they mustn’t let anyone else know they saw any of this as it would put both themselves and their families in danger. A load of military vehicles appear and Alice insists on leaving right away before they get caught.
Normally, since this is a maintenance issue, the District would take the money out of the M&O budget and pay for the repairs. And currently, that’s exactly what the District is doing. The District is basically using duct tape, baling wire, and very expensive parts to keep these units going. As my granddad used to say, right now we are “throwing good money after bad.”
The roses every one were red,
since Mr. Springsteen visited my country. He’ll be doing it again this summer. Less than a year since last time. I wrote a post then, to thank him and his band – The E Street Band – for all the years of great music and concerts. Last year there was talk that the Magic Tour might be the last one to reach my country, but it seems all that was just talk.
I may not be a very good judge of character but he didn’t seem to be a person who would do the alleged heinous stuff.
Mahon's suspicious wife set off the investigation by asking a friend and former police officer to check out the baggage claim ticket that she had found in Mahon's suit earlier. Following his arrest at the train station, Mahon claimed that Kaye, who was pregnant with his child, had slipped and struck her head, thus causing her death. He argued that he was only trying to protect his marriage by disposing of the body in the manner in which he did.
Q. Do you think the government should dialogue with them as they did with N’Delta Militants?
I’m pleased to be sharing with you the news that Sisters in Crime will host a booth in the Exhibit Hall at the 2012 American Library Association (ALA) Annual Conference in Anaheim CA.
The other thing is something I can't quite put my finger on. Maybe it's only the general feeling you get after finally reading or watching something that has been so hyped. Because while The Hunger Games is good, it's not the best movie ever made or anything. And rightly or wrongly, that disappoints me slightly.
Charles Dickens and the modern industrialized city both came of age around the same time. Dickens’s descriptions of both the beauty and the horror of urban life remain intensely apposite today, and are part of the permanent inheritance of the human race.
Congratulations ladies, please can you pick up the Top 3 blinkie in the side-bar.
Take small pieces of dough, about the size of a large teaspoon, shape into rounds or balls and place on the baking sheet. Allow a little room for spreading. Flatten slightly.
“It has been absolutely fabulous,” Chatfield said. “It makes me want to go out and do something for someone else.”
I have long wanted to own a copy of the Savage Worlds Fantasy Companion. It was a mere twenty bucks. I always figured that I'd get it "one of these days."
If you are going over your problems that much, stop kidding yourself, that is not your analytical mind, that’s worry. Be honest, if you’re worried, you are not trusting God. Trusting God leads to a peace that assures me, He will never leave or forsake me. There is a change coming to your situation; so why are you looking down as though you’ve been defeated? Look up!! 1I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. 2My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth. 3He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he that keepeth thee will not slumber.
I pray oh Lord that all works out by faith…
Murphy — who is also a contributing expert to FOX News, CNBC and other media — warns that decisions will have to be made well in advance of the key implementation year of 2014.
The Purrs- Stay With Me
She didn't ingest any of them, thank goodness. But I think the fact that she could reach them means I definitely need to re-think our baby proofing. And keep my purse off the floor. That would probably help as well.
Sadly, our target audience is older than the diaper crowd, so that sort of activity could get rather messy.
One summer in the 1980s (probably the summer of 1984), I was working one Sunday afternoon at the Coffee House at Stanford, and there was a concert somebody had arranged. It was a guy named Stanley Jordan playing solo electric guitar. Shortly after he started playing (and made me take notice with his unusual touch-tapping technique), Michael Hedges, who lived in Palo Alto, happened to stop by to get a cup of coffee, as he very occasionally did at that time (once a year or so, in my experience). While I was getting his coffee, he was already not paying attention to me anymore, because he was paying attention to Stanley. I suspect he was just planning to drink his coffee and then head back off wherever he had been planning to go; instead, he sat down quite close to Stanley and watched him play, with this utterly stunned look on his face.
Last week SAA said that hiring Epstein to help “investigate serious allegations” levelled at SAA staff, was in line with good practice. But on Friday the airline would not comment on the terms of Epstein’s employment, so it is unclear if the Voyager miles were issued in lieu of work done for the airline.
Houlihan’s tells us “you’d be surprised how little cooking is done at many restaurants.” The time it takes to get food to our table clearly confirms it’s being made from scratch. So, following the requisite wait, my chicken finger platter arrived at the hands of the still poker-faced waiter.
Materials : Quality Jersey Knitted Wool Like Mix Cotton (Top Notch)
Different Types of Heart Diseases
How has the experience been so far?
Sometimes I show them a series of different covers and ask which they would read. The responses are unambiguously for or against. I then reveal that the covers all belong to different editions of my book Jessica Haggerthwaite: Witch Dispatcher. Huge surprise! How can the same story be presented in such different ways?
and here is a funny pic XD
Any time Mitch is finishing work early, he will text or call.
When choosing for the best driving course you must first ensure that the courses you will take are approved by the jurisdiction in your area. You have to make sure that the instructor who will conduct the training is a professional and has passed the standard test for a qualified driving education teacher. A good course will cover up the aspects of driving and offers practice test to prepare for the Department of Moving Vehicle (DMV) examination required for anyone who wants to obtain a driver’s license.
The first photo is an idea of what the pages may look like when I choose what to use. But I'll also probably make some pages that are just photos printed with borders and glued back to back. The pages themselves are 5x7". That way, I can use an occasional trimmed portrait-direction picture in amongst mostly landscape-direction pictures.
fast forward to my adult years, i have 3 kids and we are headed to the circus in Alaska with some friends. At first it seemed great and the kids were loving it. Then the unhappy things came....a little person stabbing at a poor elephant with too many kids on his back....12year old girls wearing thongs costumes.....a man shot out of a cannon who clearly wasn't happy/confident/perhaps even unwilling? and last but not least you could get your picture made with a tiger for ten bucks. on the surface it seemed ok but really? i don't think so, unsafe, inappropriate, and inhumane to say the least. Throw in my visions of circus elephants trampling innocent onlookers and i decided the circus was not for me and never looked back......
The original albums were layered works with musical motifs running through the tracks to reappear and morph in new settings.
From your lips came the spark,
4.we are not friends
I get Excited
I would love to know if you try making this yourself. Let me know if you do.
The NFL had been tipped off that the Saints were rewarding players for knocking other players out of games and hurting them and they already banned the coach for the entire year and today they handed a season-long ban to Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma and Will Smith suspended for 4 games. The league also hit former Saints players too, including; defensive lineman Anthony Hargove (now with the Green Bay Packers) who was suspended eight games and Scott Fujita (now with the Cleveland Browns) will miss three games to start the 2012 NFL season.
Tis’ three things we can do
When beeches drip in browns and duns,
Because it just doesn’t work like that.
Everybody's overreacting. Surely it is a wise move to shutdown the service for a small amount of time, to search for copyrighted material and to delete it, but then it should reopen again. It is not the filesharing services fault, if people upload copyrighted material. It's hard to track every upload and even the FBI should acknowledge that. As far as I know, only Megaupload encouraged its users to upload copyright infringing material.
We spend a huge chunk of our lives studying and learning. Let’s face it. Studying and learning is not just mere parts of our lives but are OUR lives. So if you’re going to spend a significant number of years studying, you should make every second of it count.
Our good-bye in Maui was less dramatic. I asked him if he still did spiritual practices, and he looked at me as if I was speaking Greek and asked, “Spiritual practices?” And I said, “You know, spiritual practices; you remember those.” He replied, “I just hang out with Maharaj-ji.” When you’re living in the presence, certainty and awareness of “being love now,” one is no longer doing anything in order to find or cultivate that love. I leaned over and kissed his bald head and said I love you, walking away and not looking back; just before I went out the door, he called out, “I love you too,” and of course I didn’t believe him, and got in the car and immediately thought I had acted like an idiot, wasted a precious opportunity to ask the deeper questions, and figured that he probably thought I was an a**hole. And still off the wall.
*considering applying for adjunct art positions at local universities
To top that off, I met and married a woman who, while very accepting of such things in other people’s lives, wanted nothing to do with them in her own. I did what I had to do to live the life I was told I had to live.
Why don't we just move on to our New Year 2012!! Wow!! How did it get here so quickly? And I refuse to do resolutions each new year because they all start out the same and end up exactly the same. This year I'm planning to stay FOCUSED and trying to create some new pretties along the way . . . oh, look how pretty this is . . . it sparkles . . .
I'm pulling away. He throws me bent over onto the bed.
Time then slows, clocks come to a standstill and the only regular beat is the thump, thumping in my head. Colleagues talk to me in slowed down, deep voices, I dribble on my shirt and my eyes fix to a blank screen. Eventually, after a few of hours of mute distress, I get sent home for the second time in my working life. It's shameful but I am grateful. I hop onto the train, hop through the door and hop straight into bed. I am getting too old for this shit.
up and running.
“It stings your feet?” I asked. “I haven’t seen street demonstrators leaping in the air when the police use CS gas.”
On the one hand, I totally understand the practicality of this storage method; especially if you’re living in a small space, that vast area under your bed seems a shame to waste. However, I also definitely subscribe to the belief a la the feng shui methodology that storing a bunch of stuff under your bed is a no-no in terms of energy/ serenity.
In the period 1955 -1984 the amount of black school students increased 31 times from 35,000 to 1,096 000.
“Are you from Toronto? “ asked the younger woman, trying to engage Tori.
F. Favorite color: It changes every so often, but today it is grey
Now the interesting part which is a follow up to this post and pay attention, there's a real competition later. Prior to the game, a visit to one of Birmingham's nicer areas, Bournville, was due. It's famous for the Cadbury's - sorry, Kraft - factory and it is a humungous place. It conjures up images of Willy Wonka's fictional HQ described in Roald Dahl's book, but with an art-deco twist to its design in some places. A waft of processed chocolate fills the air as a pleasant after thought.
I was driving to my parents last week and saw a "free" sign. Free! Really what is it?? So I quickly drove over to the parking lot..It was a Wallpaper Wharhouse that was closing down and was getting rid of anything not nailed to the floor or wall. I got some awesome stuff for FREE!! That really is the best kind of stuff right?? I got this cute little desk. It is in really good shape (as you can see) The sweet guy Nick helped me load all my treasures.. I am sure he thought I was nuts..because I was so excited. I got a desk and four nice white shelving units to be used in another project and my dad got a desk and four more shelving units.
We hear that the star of the unborn was a focal point. This refers to the star / nakshatra we have come to systematically name Rohini, whose deity is the unborn, Brahma. We hear that the planets and stars were “peaceful” which is most likely a shorthand way of saying that there were no inauspicious placements in any of the calculations, but we don’t know what the calculations were, that information is not given. There is reference to “directions of the sky” which is a hint that there might have been some type of house system in use. And there is a reference to rising, a hint that attention may have been paid to the ascendant. We certainly don’t hear that “Jupiter was in the 11th house, Pisces” and that sort of familiar sounding thing.
I won't go into much detail on the first part. If using Windows Vista, Windows 7 or the Mac OS (10.3-10.6), there are some parental controls built in that are usually sufficient for this portion.
A friend is moving and generously gave us her piano.
People like her need a warning sign. Or some poison in her coffee. Either way.
Pervious hop selections were made using the judgement of the researchers but using modern scientific techniques the collection is now being analysed more systematically and the brewing characteristics analysed.
and talk to the animals.
Now what am I all tizzied up for this time? Well, whilst I look for any excuse to break out the sequins and silk, it isn't something I do every Friday night as a rule. However last night saw the launch of Melbourne's newest modelling agency, The Alternative Modelling Agency. Founded by local gothic glamour queen, Samantha Shields, the agency is set to invigorate the local fashion scene with a new and vibrant style of personality. If you are sick to death (like me) of seeing your models underfed, homogenized and surly looking; you are sure to see more personality on the pages with Samantha's stable of beauties.
Perhaps, her blog is not her place to mourn.
- Could I be doing it better?
Arrears: A civil servant can sue the Government for recovery of arrears or for any other breach of the law of contract.
Currently gas is $3.66 a gallon. Everytime I fill my tank up I feel as if I am selling my soul. My head hurts, things start to go dark, and just when I feel like it is the 'end' the nozzle makes that loud CLICK, I hold my breath and slowly open my eyes expecting to see the fiery gates of hell but instead see 'TOTAL $43.76'. After reading the total it is usually followed by some gasping, groaning, and muttering curse words under my breath. Once I get back into my car I slump down in the drivers seat and conjure up ideas on how to get myself and Kam from Tremonton to Logan on a pedal bike. Since that is highly unreasonable (although I know everyone that reads this is picturing me pedaling my butt 27 miles one way with a happy-go-lucky 3 year old on the handlebars holding my purse...) I have found some other ways to save money. Well I guess just one way. One really big, really awesome way to save money....COUPONS!
These plastic lunch containers above are not the best quality around... at all. They do crack sometimes... they aren't super seal proof so not sure I would ever use them for wet stuff, but at 20 cents a piece, I can afford to replace them when the kick the bucket. And they've held out for me for a couple of months already. That being said, when I find something better (but same sort of profile) I will likely upgrade.
"Lady! Lady! Cold water! You want travel guide! Travel guide only 7 dollar! Ok Ok for you 5! Postcard postcard 10 postcard one dollar! Buy ladyyy! Buy! OK, you remember me, you buy from me when you leave!I come find you when you leaave."
So to the news.
They struck at heart of American commerce in order to destroy the economy:
How wrong I was.
08. El Pavlo Lamento (5:52)
The investigation is continuing
- Intentionally drink more mineral-rich tea (while it is still hot) + sit and breath in the process
I remember when I first heard the Kardashian name. It was when OJ was big in the news. Remember the White Bronco chase?
I'm allowing myself to be officially depressed. There's no reason to fight it because I've been becoming it since the middle of the night when I sat up with a cup of coffee and tried to deny it. It's always better to acknowledge it and give into it than to try and act as if there's nothing wrong, which is impossible anyway.
White Embossing powder for the image, which were both RAKS from B....
For social search to work, Google first has to know who you are. If you’ve logged in to any of Google’s services — from Gmail to AdWords — or created a Google Profile,[1] or joined Google+, Google knows who you are. Think about that for a moment.
This was a pretty cute, quick read. I think that a lot of children will really enjoy the story and the Indiana Jones like clues that Stuart has to follow in order to find out the mystery behind his great-uncle Tony’s disappearance. There are clear cut good and bad characters and kids will have an easy time following along with who they are rooting for and who to watch out for.
"Watch me embarrass a man into giving me his seat."
We stayed at a hotel in Coconut Grove because 30 something years ago George spent a month there and remembered it fondly. Mitchell Kaplan, who owns Books&Books, one of the great independent bookstores in the country, was a huge help in scheduling a couple of Obama events for me. The most interesting was at a Hebrew Day school in Miami Beach. The campaign freaked out because Joe Lieberman was speaking at the same school the following night. They were sure I'd be asked questions about Israel that I wouldn't be able to answer so they sent two experts on the middle east. This was supposed to be an informal gathering of moms (and some dads) with the middle schoolers. I doubt they would have asked me any hard questions about the middle east. But this way I didn't have to worry. And neither did the campaign.
Source: The Conservative Voice
You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow
Inspired by my recent situation, I’ve been thinking a lot about the phrase “I’m not ready for a relationship right now” and how very, very much it needs to die. ”I’m not ready for a relationship right now” should be fed a steady diet of mashed potatoes spiked with powdered glass, all washed down with a refreshing cocktail of Mountain Dew, grenadine, arsenic and a seductive hint of lime.
The new sites are:
After I fussed at him & he had a good laugh at my expense (after 18 years we know how to push each others buttons), he backtracked then & tried to offer his own examples that Nigeria still has potential.
Creation shown
Mr Costello’s bitterness towards “Howard and all his former colleagues” previously was known only over lunch tables at Melbourne restaurants and exclusive clubs.
25. Wood smoke seeps into your pores. It seeps into EVERYTHING.
And when you go out of the water, you see that your body is covered with leeches.
into my piping-hot tea -
In my memory this part is silent, all action. But I'm sure I was not keeping quiet. I'm sure I was yelling or crying or both. That was my thing. Not pushing or hitting or wanting to. My thing was yelling and crying (still is).
I received lots of Easter goodies from Lisa V in Australia including the sweet pinkeep. The kids of course were quick to claim the stickers and bunny pen!
Kids and adults alike will find that changing their diet to a clean, whole foods, plant-based diet will improve everything from mood to energy levels. Clear thinking (and clear skin!) starts with clean food. And for those of you that might want a little guidance in this area I will be starting a new class series this May called ‘Local Nutrition’. This class series will teach you how to take advantage of all the amazing local, organic food available in our area while not breaking your budget. And that’s just the beginning so stay tuned for more information!
Hopefully until later.
like the hungry bear in autumn;
Stuart MacBride is the author of several bestselling novels featuring DS Logan McRae, including Shatter the Bones, which reached No. 1 in the Sunday Times bestseller list.
And, for my part, having the best looking friends in the year meant I was part of the package when it came to inviting the in-crowd to parties.
Working in Human Resources can be stressful, demanding and a quite thankless task. It's an old adage that people only deal with HR if they're in trouble, be it redundancies, disciplinaries or sickness absence. We're never going to be the most popular section of the company and that's something that goes with the territory.
1 views
Coming up next, the controversial interview with Brock Lesnar.
“4 – Nobody can go to hell, because Jesus has already taken the punishment for sin as a substitute.”
This is the gist of the objection I've just submitted. It's an emotional response but I make no apologies for that. My US and Canadian readers might not be interested but, on the other hand, they are people with good hearts so they just might. So here goes:
Then there’s waterboarding, which is another divisive topic between right and left. There are two angles to the argument: whether or not it is torture, and whether or not it is effective. I can’t speak to the first directly, but I do take credence in John McCain’s view that waterboarding is torture; here is a man who has truly been tortured, he has a valid perspective. I doubt waterboarding’s effectiveness as an interrogation technique. I bet if you waterboarded Dick Cheney or George Bush long enough you would get them to confess that 9/11 was an inside job (NOTE: I do not believe 9/11 was an inside job, I do believe people will say anything to stop being tortured).
Parents: we were given a new vocabulary list last week. Students need to bring it home with them and study for the upcoming vocabulary test, which will be given on Friday, February 3, 2012. If the student was gone when we copied down our definitions, they’re available right here on Clipboards. Just click the “Vocabulary” page at the top.
- 1 tsp ginger garlic paste
Someone eventually (very kindly) pointed out to me that they looked somewhat unflattering on my figure so I got rid of them, but not before I had purchased several of each color. They had a great bra cup lining in them so I saved those and stashed them away in a drawer before throwing the bras out.
Out of the night that covers me,
AD: I think we have this instinctive feeling that if we hit a wall at some point, that the other will be able to break through it. We have different tendencies: he’s much more academic about music than I am, and I’m more visceral or spontaneous. It’s probably easier for me to generate lots of new ideas, a constant stream, and in a way it’s easier for him to finish those ideas, and maybe elevate them beyond a simple idea. But then he’ll do some work and I’ll take it further. There are very few times where either of us is working on something where the either isn’t in some way part of it. Bryce is writing more orchestral work now, and some of that I’m not involved in it, some of that I am, and in some ways that’s a different exercise when you’re writing in a more traditional way, as opposed to collaborating. We’re always finishing each other’s ideas, and it works really well in The National, and in some ways it works even better in these more expansive, experimental ways. There aren’t these restraints. With The Long Count, there are a lot more musicians to bounce things out of and draw on, different voices and things. It’s liberating.
Well just go poof.
Again, a Very Big Thank You to all Medic team & the race volunteers for making the night most enjoyable.
...After Caroline was accepted to Miami Dade College, school officials informed her that she did not qualify for in-state tuition, even though she had resided in Miami-Dade County since birth. School officials explained to Caroline that her residency for tuition purposes was based on her father’s legal residence. Because Caroline could not show proof of her father’s legal immigration presence in the United States, she could not qualify for in-state tuition rates. Unable to afford non-resident tuition rates, Caroline has not enrolled in college. Instead, she works two jobs in the hope of one day being able to afford college. Interestingly, the class action suit takes a dual legal track- SPLC challenges the policy under the 14th amendment's equal protection clause, but they also bring a federal preemption claim under the Supremacy Clause. In other words, they argue Florida's attempts to deny residency to the children of undocumented immigrants represents an impermissible attempt to regulate immigration- a field squarely within the exclusive domain of the federal government.
Current standings: 1st/9 (85 points)
One thing that makes it worth it though, is that sweet look of excitement and love
In retrospect, I realize the sound I thought was my dog’s nails on the glass door was actually the door latch opening. My neighbor must’ve let herself in my house again without knocking. I’d neglected to lock the door behind her when she left because… well… after all that had been said, I thought she’d gotten the message. More than likely, she thought of one more stupid thing she wanted to tell me and figured there was no harm in letter herself in again, since she’d just left.
Happy Birthday mom!!
Following their evolutionary theme for the RB6, last week their car appeared with a logical development to the RB5 front wing. As with much of the aero on the Newey designed car, the approach is unique. Red Bull have a wing highly integrated into the endplates, with the flap and two slots hard to distinguish from the endplate and main plane.
February 24th
Many examples of state-sponsored hysteria and the accompanying extreme violence can be cited: the show trials used to intimidate the so-called bourgeois specialists on whom the party was dependent in the 1920s; the extermination of anything from 11,500,000 to 22,000,000 peasants (kulaks as the communist party called them) in the 1930s; the great show trials of senior Bolsheviks between 1936-1938; and the various anti-Semitic campaigns of Stalin’s last years, most notably the campaign against Jewish doctors - “the assassins in white coats,” as the Soviet media called them - who were supposed to be murdering the Soviet leadership. Even by Soviet standards, these anti-Semitic campaigns were especially vicious.
Then, after all of these adventures as well as plenty of much needed catch-me-up-on-the-past-three-months-of-your-life-right-this-very-instant-or-else conversations, we were set and ready to go a-travelin’.. AND TRAVEL WE DID. SO MUCH TRAVELING. Have I made that clear yet? Yeah, I didn’t think so.
I originally started this blog because my husband is very bad at keeping in touch with his family SHOCKING FROM A SOLDIER RIGHT?!?!?!?!?! now this was before he took my hand in marriage and before I ever heard of anything like opsec but now I know and he is deployed there is not alot I can share so until he gets home and we go on our many adventures you are just gonna get alot of random it maybe videos or fashion or lil snippets of me moments and of course R&R when that is all said and done but no true uniform or rhyme or reason posts.
Coloured with Promarkers
I already had Martha Stewart's handy-dandy circle cutter and made 3" circles.
Fans and tubes filled with hot air had to be used to herd the tarantulas into place for shooting. Even so, it can be noted that in many of the scenes that involved their human co-stars, the spiders can be seen trying to flee from them.
a far rattle of sound she’d never heard.
When we’re not lying ourselves, our children are making liars out of us. I just visited a friend with a new baby today who, though she has been yelling her head off for the past eight weeks, played the role of angelic cherub quite convincingly.
These are the poor struggling entities that Michael Bloomberg was so angry with OWS for criticizing.
Dear Uterus,
all white covers on my bed
-Fuckin hell then man. OK.
just remembering those words helped guide me through that little rough spot – and inspired me to dig a little deeper within myself and into some theories that i knew a little about but wanted to explore more.
Here are some of the details from the event blog:
Everything on this card is orange and blue..My grandson Caulin loves these
So my question to anyone in the know is, was the candidate selection on Oct 3rd last year, as Saj claimed, or around mid-March, as the anonymous writer alleged?
we all know.
“It’s all there Andrew double counted.” Adrien said nervous.
2 hearts of romaine lettuce heads chopped
Even planning my family's meals around my food was easy.
She feels like kicking out all the windows
Prep:35min; Chill:5hrs
First, that Stalin was a very effective and highly successful war leader. He made many mistakes and pursued brutal policies that resulted in the deaths of millions of people but without his leadership the war against Nazi Germany would probably have been lost. Churchill, Hitler, Mussolini, Roosevelt – they were all replaceable as warlords, but not Stalin. In the context of the horrific war on the Eastern front, Stalin was indispensable to the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany. Second, that Stalin worked hard to make the Grand Alliance a success and wanted to see it continue after the war. While his policies and actions undoubtedly contributed to the outbreak of the cold war, his intentions were otherwise, and he strove in the late 1940s and early 1950s to revive détente with the west. Third, that Stalin’s postwar domestic regime was very different to the Soviet system of the prewar years. It was less repressive, more nationalistic, and not so dependent on Stalin’s will and whimsy for its everyday functioning. It was a system in transition to the relatively more relaxed social and political order of post-Stalin times.
We had to rush off from my parents due to them expecting a viewing around 1pm, it turned out the estate agent got the wrong date and so Mum and Dad had waited in for nothing! Saturday evening was basically sat around not doing much, Phil went over to the pub with D in tow to find out I no longer have a job there at the minute as the business is slow yet the stupid landlord has taken on extra staff who have taken over my shifts, he has no excuses why he has done this just that “business is slow” and shrugged and pulled his “I’ve got nothing to say ‘cause I’m a wimp” expression. Sunday is officially mother’s day! and I had to wait in bed until I was brought up some lovely gifts.. Firstly EJ jumping on my bed as I playfully hid under the duvet and gave me her present which was a lovely Me to you bear with a pink apron on that read ‘Mummy’ and some Thornton’s continental chocolates from D and he also drew me a lovely Car! This was before the penny disappearing things happened!
09 May 12 – Birmingham v Blackpool @ St Andrew’s
Maybe it means joining an online Diet and Support Site that will help you set some goals… track your weight… and give you some encouragement throughout the week.
80ml water (1/3 cup)
Liberals at home, often accused of being pro-Communist or insufficiently anti-Communist, are kept continuously on the defensive in a cultural milieu in which anticommunism is the dominant religion. If they allow communism, or something that can be labeled communism, to triumph in the provinces while they are in office, the political costs are heavy. Most of them have fully internalized the religion anyway, but they are all under great pressure to demonstrate their anti-Communist credentials. This causes them to behave very much like reactionaries. Their occasional support of social democrats often breaks down where the latter are insufficiently harsh on their own indigenous radicals or on popular groups that are organizing among generally marginalized sectors. In his brief tenure in the Dominican Republic, Juan Bosch attacked corruption in the armed forces and government, began a land-reform program, undertook a major project for mass education of the populace, and maintained a remarkably open government and system of effective civil liberties. These policies threatened powerful internal vested interests, and the United States resented his independence and the extension of civil liberties to Communists and radicals. This was carrying democracy and pluralism too far. Kennedy was “extremely disappointed” in Bosch’s rule, and the State Department “quickly soured on the first democratically elected Dominican President in over thirty years.” Bosch’s overthrow by the military after nine months in office had at least the tacit support of the United States. Two years later, by contrast, the Johnson administration invaded the Dominican Republic to make sure that Bosch did not resume power. The Kennedy liberals were enthusiastic about the military coup and displacement of a populist government in Brazil in I964. A major spurt in the growth of neo-Fascist national-security states took place under Kennedy and Johnson. In the cases of the U.S. subversion of Guatemala, I947-54, and the military attacks on Nicaragua, I98I-87, allegations of Communist links and a Communist threat caused many liberals to support counterrevolutionary intervention, while others lapsed into silence, paralyzed by the fear of being tarred with charges of infidelity to the national religion.
this planet was, and still will be for us humans.
"I am half sick of shadows," said
Windows 8 is equipped with two touch keyboards
I don't trust corporations to take care of their own emissions. I believe the polar bears are swimming where there used to be ice. I don't trust Big Oil to drill responsibly in a a manner that won't wipe out wildlife. I don't trust politicians who take money and then vote the way they are paid. I want regulators watching Wall Street. See what happened to our economy when regulations were relaxed? We crashed. They're trying to put their greedy little paws into our retirement income now. They aren't trying to save us anything, they just want to siphon billions in fees and administrative costs off the top.
July 22 – Hartford, CT @ The Comcast Theatre
I didn't have pictures of the next step. Thread the strap through the loop of the hook. Have someone help you pull the straps to where it's most comfortable and supporting in the front. Loop the end back towards the top and sew the end to the strap again using a continuous zig-zag stitch. I know that sound confusing but you'll get it once it's in front of you.
These are the rest of the chairs I have to work on. What to do, what to do??? I think I'll spray paint all of them. There is nothing special about the old paint on these. Each and everyone of these I got at a flea market or garage sale. Did not spend over 10.00 for any. It's work but a great bargain.
Right now, I’m reading Israeli author Meir Shalev’s Four Meals (1994), beautifully translated by Barbara Harshav. It’s the story of a boy whose mother had three lovers, each of whom has some claim on him as their son:
Does this misunderstanding tell us anything more profound?
My incredible team consisted of four truly talented cake designers - Dewi from Sweet Bloom Cakes, Sharon from Cakes by Sharon, Johanne from It's a Cake Thing and of course Jacki from Blissfully Sweet Cakes. Each of their individual styles was distinct but when you put all of the creations together they just blended beautifully - it was a real wow moment to see them all together (and the smell of sugar was amazing).
Then I went into our ice box.
In 1851, the Oatman family embarked on a long journey to California to find a better life. When they entered the Arizona Territory, the Oatmans and other members of their party met with all kinds of difficulties. After their supplies were about exhausted, some in the group decided to stay in Tucson, but the Oatmans and a couple other families decided to push on.
"The heart of the musical is the projection of musical ability, which takes the performers into the second order of time, lyric time, and lets them extend their characters musically....The larger characters are capable of living in two worlds as though they were real and normal...They aren't, but we are glad to think they are" p.67
(Lee playing snooker with a couple of chums at the Private Practice launch party in the Admiral Jellicoe! - 1978)
Bio and Picture on our design team and staff page
Well a few days later my son informed me that our youngest grandson has been unwell for a few days and he thought it could be HF &M virus! What a coincidence I thought: and so here are a few facts about it.
If I say no, I mean no. I have banned TV for a week in the hope that it’ll sink in, that you can’t behave like that, without consequences. You have a thing about eating sandwiches after school. I will buy you one if it’s right after school because you’re always hungry, but not if you’ve just eaten something at after school club. You love your food!
Not touched,
As images do, by heart
3.) While still in her teens, Goddard landed a job with the famous Ziegfeld Follies in New York. Half a decade later, she was one of the original troupe of Goldwyn Girls, along with Betty Grable and Lucille Ball. The irony is not lost on me, when as Miriam Aarons in the classic comedy The Women (1939), Goddard is asked about her days in the chorus and all the material baubles she‘d accumulated, she replies: “If you mean diamond bracelets and boxes of orchids, that breed died out just before my time.” But it hadn’t! In real life she was right in the thick of the “chorus girl” heyday.
HOW: If you know of anyone who has surgical needs due to the calamity, contact Klarizza.
Strong hands grabbed Room and lifted her off her feet.
Instead, I envisioned breaking it up into three parts and making a continual branch on three separate canvases.
As you swing, quickly swing your hips so you transfer the weight from your back foot to your front foot. By following these steps, you can get that extra yardage you have always been seeking.
Another huge difference between Japan and Australia is in the Individuality score (IDV). Australia scores extremely high meaning that we tend to make decisions without considering our impact on others.
“Well, maybe you need a brain just like the tin man.”
from climbing the trail so steep and cold.
Mr. Yarnworks is returning from Afghanistan NEXT WEEK! And summer break is coming up. So the headache is SURE to go away completely very very soon, right? Please??
Carried Orders Since before end of day 11/30/2010, still outstanding as of end of day 12/31/2010
James Dean with his “Little Bastard– great view of the tail stripes and Dean Jeffries’ handiwork. “James Dean had entered the Salinas Airport Races for the Oct. 1st weekend of 1955. Dean was a provisionary racer with the Calif SportsCar Club and Sports Car Club of America. He did not have a permanent race number. He selected 130 which was available. Dean Jeffries, who had a paint shop next to Barris did the work which consisted of– painting ‘130′ in black non-permanent paint on the front hood, doors and rear deck lid. He also painted “Little Bastard” in script across the rear cowling.” –Lee Raskin, Porsche historian, and author of James Dean At Speed.
I might compose your life in a song, attempt your soul on piano keys, each note, each note you slowly strike the chord. You know what you’re out of key. This whole notebook is bullshit. I wonder how it’s possible, do wonder we breathe all things. Our hands attempt to breathe the impossible source of their birth not realizing the very act of rising from nothingness is what connects our finger. If you guys really want to know what love is, this is love. This cat. Maybe this will inspire you. Isn’t that romantic? Isn’t this beautiful like a rainy Parisian walk. You’re slowly walking by yourself and your heart is slowly opening to someone. Slowly slowly opening. Kind of getting in to your legs a little uncomfortable. But you know what, you’re opening up. There, your heart’s fully open and you’re filled with joy and then you know what happens it just.
I wish I could understand sports. For a while in my life I followed sports, but it was really only because everyone else was. It isn’t that I don’t understand the rules, I just don’t understand the allure. I feel nothing when a team scores a goal and I feel no need to try to obtain that feeling. The players are the fields are (hopefully) playing because they like the game (or lots of money) and they certainly need the support of fans, but if it were up to me the institution of sports would fizzle and die. This brings me back to my subject, though: small talk.
b) irrational
extras: prismacolors, gamsol, glaze pen, swirly clip
Step 2 – Pick your location within that Country
I thought it might be a nifty idea, if I created a Meme for horror bloggers to complete so that the next time someone stumbles across the electronic journal of a burgeoning Pauline Kael, or Stephen King-wanna-be; the reader might get a better idea of where this bloody blogger is coming from. So, without further ado, here is ...
LÄPPLE: I remember when news of the measures against of them arrived. Söhngen didn’t want to incite anybody, and made no mention in his lecture. But I recall that that day, after the lecture, Ratzinger and myself went with him to his study, where there was a grand piano, because Söhngen was also musician and played it like a concert performer. That time in front of us, without saying a word, he threw his books angrily on the
More soon. Things are rolling, and we've got to get loud in support -- and in making this a good bill.
9. As we were driving home, I started to cry. It came up and spilled out so powerfully that I had to pull the car over, turn it off, and just let everything come: Not having a father of my own to ask if he had to deal with anything similar; almost dipping into self-hatred because of my skin color; cursing so many men that came before me for fucking it up for my generation; every nigger I have been and would be called; how my daughter’s hair is different than her parent’s and how people point out this difference as if my kid had won the lotto. All this was trapped in my crying. I saw my daughter through the rearview mirror and she looked so sad and scared that I had to hold her. I pulled over, got her out of her car seat, and we sat on the hood of the car, holding each other. I cried into her hair and she, feeling daddy’s energy, cried into my chest. We were there for a little while when this old woman hobbled by and smiled at us. “You have such a beautiful daughter,” this woman said. “She has your eyes.”
Hope you have a great week~ ~L
· Is There a Little (Eve, Ruth, Isaiah) in You?—Girls will see for themselves what they have in common with women of the Bible.
Another commenter went even further, claiming that “parents have a responsibility to teach their children about the differences between genders. Those who allow the kids to ‘decide for themselves’ are committing child abuse.”
Rhys: "NO! DADDY POTTY!"
Raise Yourself Up
Simply, I started to live and simultaneously, very interesting occurrences began to take place in my life, as I have described previously. One of these has been an odd instance of numerology, which continues today still - even in a greater intensity than before - therefore it occupies my thinking, while I am trying to look for answers to this peculiar phenomenon.
Keep your eyes on the real-time market charts. You can track the forex market down to every fifteen minutes! However, a significant drawback to the short-term cycles exists in that they can fluctuate uncontrollably. Additionally, they can also be misleading because they tend to reflect a high degree of indiscriminate luck. Concentrate on long-term time frames in order to maintain an even keel at all times.
I have to say that I definitely didn’t look at my work to-do lists with the same amount of dread as I normally do! Plus, I was able to let my mind space out and think of other tasks I might have otherwise forgotten as I sketched out my tasks. I hope this inspires you! Let me know if you follow suit and give your to-do lists a similar fun face-lift.
hurt the Griffin regime, despite their protestations to the contrary.
New Orleans, Haiti and Chile have had their tragedies. And America was there to help. Now the scene shifts further north. And again, you are needed.
“Due process and judicial process are not one and the same, particularly when it comes to national security. The Constitution guarantees due process, not judicial process.”Here is what the constitution says (Fifth Amendment):
You see, in the hinterlands of our nation - that is, the part that is NOT Texas - people do not necessarily view this state as a desirable place to live. When I told people that I was considering moving to Austin, many said, "Wow, Austin is supposed to be great...but, it's in TEXAS. They're CRAZY down there." I did wonder about the wisdom of deep, deep blue me, moving to the reddest of the red lands (albeit to the little blue heart right smack in the center of the state).
I love interaction. Hence where I have a Twitter, Facebook, Skype, Google +(newest addition), and a cell phone with an unlimited plan.
6. I must have a thing for forbidden romances because I love movies like Romeo + Juliet, Titanic, Moulin Rouge, and Tristan & Isolde.
Who no doubt is not alone in her anxiety over the impending Islamic Invasion. Sort of how the Native Americans must have felt when they saw those ships come sailing in.
This could very well be one of the verses that influenced later Hindu movements and the emphasis on ahimsa, or the concept of committing no violence against any living thing. Buddha was the first prominent party to vehemently embrace and preach nonviolence. He preached his first sermon at Sarnath, just north of Varanasi, one of the holiest cities in Hinduism. We know that he renounced his life as a privileged prince and sought solitude, peace and tranquility. Knowing what we do about the civilization one has to wonder what it was that triggered this distaste for the life he was born into. Given that there were none of the car, motorcycle or bus horns blaring and the population nowhere nearly as maddening as it is in present day, what was it that was so chaotic he needed to escape? It may have been all the suffering he was witnessing. The noise and calamity of suffering. The bleating of sheep, cries of goats, moans of cattle living in horrid conditions as beasts of burden and then at the end, led to their butchering and as a royal prince, he would have been privy to these as common occurrences. Maybe underneath it all, the basic motivator of the Buddha was that he held empathy for all living creatures and just couldn’t stand the cries from anymore lengthy rituals. He loved being in the forest where he could just sit and the deer would come up to him, fearless of the docile human. His teachings were poetic, soft and sometimes nearly in playful riddles and codes. He relished in the quiet that an environment of nonviolence afforded him and it must have been a welcome concept to the masses judging by the impact his life had on the community and ages to come.
harmless singly, savage in crowds
I should never go to 21sts with an open bar.
My Dad and his wife are wanting to start a Christmas Eve tradition where the 6 of us get together and have a big meal, open presents and take a family photo in front of the tree. This will be our 4th year so I guess it counts.
Working free, free of resentment, contributes to a life of abundance.
The first thing I saw when I glanced into the flower bed was pretty pink blooms! Last year (or the year before?) for my birthday, Kevin bought me my favourite shrub, the Double-Flowering Plum. When I used to take the bus to work, I would always see these bushes covered in beautiful little pink rose-like blooms, and always over my birthday. So I've wanted one for a while. It was too late for blooms last year when we got it, so I'm pretty thrilled that it looks like it's going to be covered in pink very soon! These first blooms are crowded around the very base, almost buried in the dirt.
She added, to more laughter, "and no matter what Grandma says, eat your vegetables."
And tomorrow, I am having a photo session to get professional head shots taken for my business cards. Aside from that, I am just going to R-E-L-A-X tomorrow before another work week. Here are some OOTDs from last week:
The targeted killing program violates both U.S. and international law. As we’ve seen today, this is a program under which American citizens far from any battlefield can be executed by their own government without judicial process, and on the basis of standards and evidence that are kept secret not just from the public but from the courts. The government’s authority to use lethal force against its own citizens should be limited to circumstances in which the threat to life is concrete, specific, and imminent. It is a mistake to invest the President — any President — with the unreviewable power to kill any American whom he deems to present a threat to the country.
Anastasia
In another bowl, whisk milk mixture, oil, and banana then stir into dry ingredients. Stir in chocolate chips.
It was originally painted 'Fen' by Martha Stewart for Sherwin Williams. A nice green with some gray and brown undertones, but too dark and muddy with the new espresso cabinets. I also never loved how it competed with the smoky gray/blue glass tile backsplash.
I HOPE you'll find a few opportunities to color and participate this month. We'll announce our *FOUR* Copic Coloring Case winners the second week of November! Good luck!
Ranadivé’s company created the TopCom version specifically for the World Economic Forum, the organization founded in 1971 by the German economist Klaus Schwab, which gathers together the world’s business, intellectual, and political leaders to discuss common issues. Because the organization has a hierarchy, so does TopCom: The top two hundred WEF members — basically, the people who run the world — can speak to one another on a given subject, and then they can choose to loop in members from lower tiers (experts, academics, etc.) as needed, widening the pool of knowledge on whatever problem is on the table.
This card is my last Christmas one for the year but I’m sure I will make Christmas cards throughout the next year so that I have a plenty of them to send! I stamped Do Not Open (8819-H) , Snowflake Solid large (8912-I) and Snowflake Solid small (8914-E) on each circle mat. After I attached those circles the way I wanted to, I simply embellished pearls on the card.
This post by Calculated Risk was a shock to us on the demographics behind student loans. During the housing bubble you had an asset, but these loans have no real collateral (paper diploma) that make this a very concerning issue.
my husband's car and a deer collided - both deer and car are totaled - husband is O.K.
Proper Hydration
Santa: (looking at me confused) did you get that mom?
It's not that confusing. Just accept it and stop trying to generate controversy out of nothing.
i've said it before... but i'll say it again, cousins are the BEST!
the car park mug lairs
You can be sure that Sherri Hill dresses will always be fresh and unique. To add to the joy of these dresses, you can find them online. Without the hassle of going to the mall, struggling with dresses in the changing room, or fighting with other women over the selection, you could receive your new dresses in the comfort of your own home. As long as you are already aware of the dresses that work with your body type and make sure to send accurate measurements, there is no reason for you to not love your Sherri Hill dresses.
My gut feeling is that Ottawa is doomed. The Rangers are a powerhouse poised for a deep run and the Sens let their foot off the gas when they had a chance to complete the upset. The Rangers will probably bring their best game of the series and they’ll be tough to beat.
January 16, 1852
The deeper Brianna and Steven dig into Nadia’s past; the more they question whether Nadia was the true victim after all.
Remove the husks from the tomatillos, rinse them and slice them in half. Throw them on a sheet pan or cookie sheet with a rim, drizzle with a little olive oil, and place under the broiler for about 5 minutes, or until they soften, their bright green color turns pale, and some get some black spots. (Note: the original recipe says to roast them at 450 for 30 to 35 minutes... you should do it this way if your tomatillos are large, but the broiler method worked great for me because most of my tomatillos were apricot sized or smaller).
Israrullah Shinwari
Hubbard: Obama is cheating by adding jobs
And the interplay between Snow and Emilie is one of the film’s greatest strengths, with his cynicism colliding head-on with her idealism. They spark off each other very well and exchange quickfire dialogue wonderfully, much of it having an old-school hard boiled feel to it.
Of course, I was SO excited to finally be doing this project, that I didn't take pictures up til this point. And we also went to our local Home Depot to snag up MDF for the top and trim for the front, and I didn't take pictures of that either. But it was a real party, let me tell you! Just kidding, but in all honesty, the individual who helped us at the good ol' HD, completely cut the top three pieces of wood to an exact perfect cut for us, so we wouldn't have to drag out the table saw when we got home. HE WAS SO NICE! It was great!
All these objects would rise to the mid-air, then drop forever after, into a sacred never land. Somehow, I wanted to be like them. Somehow, I never wanted to be like them.
2. Replace everyone in your life with people who actually give a damn. In order to pinpoint these people, look for actions over words.
(so 8 957 on this trip)
If you register for two (2) you will receive a free souvenir singlet from the past two runs – Health is Wealth and Love a Tree. Giveaway is good while supply lasts.
A handful of chopped fresh coriander
I get dizzy just thinking about all the levels of cinema legacy involved in this photograph I took on Saturday. Let me try to explain. Chiara Mastroianni is the daughter of legendary actors Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni. She stars in Mathieu Demy's new film Americano. Mathieu Demy is the actor/director son of French New Wave directors Jacques Demy (Umbrellas of Cherbourg) and Agnes Varda (Cleo From 5 to 7). He stars in and directed the film Americano. The film also stars Geraldine Chaplin, daughter of Charlie Chaplin - got it all straight?
If some calculating statesmen set his pen
Instead of a heavy dissertation on current events, please relax and enjoy some music whilst I tell you a story about this balmy morning.
With Cinco de Mayo, fast approaching us. I wanted to share with you
All the navies that have ever sailed
It is like the pounding headache and dizziness that spells out “heart condition.” We can take all the aspirin we want for the headache, but it won’t fix what is really wrong. Hopefully, though, today I gave you some helpful insight into what an editor (or an agent) really sees so you can roll up your sleeves and get to what’s truly going on.
p83-4 “Listening to the recital of the [Navajo] cosmogonic myth (followed by the recitation of the myths of origin) and contemplating the sand paintings, the patient is projected out of profane time into the plenitude of primordial time: he has gone back to the origin of the world and is thus a witness of the cosmogony.”
So, everyone who posts at least one entry for all three Challenges during the holidays will be entered into a drawing to win a $50 dollar gift certificate to the CCC sponsor of their choice! It's my way of saying thanks for fitting these challenges in during a time of year when most of us barely have time to breathe. The winner of the $50 will be announced on January 3.
I feel hollow when I miss him only because I loved him so much. After allowing myself to remember his death, I spend the day celebrating life. I know that I will see my dad again one day and this brings me peace. Today, I am thankful for my life as well as his. I am grateful that I could be myself with him. We didn't even have to speak, we could just be with each other and feel connected. I will carry this connection with me forever. He has inspired me in so many ways: learning to love myself, embracing creativity, opening myself to true love, connecting with God and furthering my education. I completed my graduate portfolio in his memory and included this photo and poem:
There is a lot to like about this story: the characters are entertaining and there were a few complete surprises in terms of the plot. I enjoyed the journey the author took me on.
This trip was life-changing for me.
11. Bow Wow Wow (Remix)
So really, your options are limitless. Choose wisely and you will save money and have a beautiful new kitchen!
I am in touch with many people with disabilities on a more casual, informal, friendly basis.
The problem with Bourne’s version, however, is that he turns Kim into a sentimental optimist instead of an Burton’s old lady on the path to wisdom, a person who saw that her actions had an effect on others, that it turned away the only person who could have changed her path. This is the wisdom of the twilight. Bourne’s Kim only has only the musing of a midday dream. Bourne’s Kim turns Edwards into an apparition, a fleeting beauty instead of what Burton mandated for Edward, that he be a real person, capable of real pain. More importantly in Burton’s Film, Edward is able to be really hurt, he is able to ultimately retire into his castle – his snow tumbling down on a snowless plain a symbol of beauty but also that beauty again must be born out of mourning.
I am basing the Marines and the Captain for a game on Sunday. I will actually play with some unpainted figures, something I really hate. But I am lucky to get a friendly game with someone I know is not an arse about competitiveness in the world of 40K. We´re playing 1000 points and I have a unit of 5 terminators, 2 marines and a dreadnought unpainted. The rest of the army (captain, 5 scouts, 6 assault, 18 marines) are all painted. You can see I want to learn how to use several of the troops in this new edition of the game.
There are only two emotions in a plane: boredom and terror. __Orson Welles
By Kenn Taylor
I was giddy when I snapped these pics.
Police initially launched a murder inquiry and arrested four people, including Mr and Mrs Wang, now 32, and the victim’s brother. But no charges were ever brought against the couple after it was accepted Mr Wang had acted in self-defence.
So, if I could have any talking companion, I'd probably go with a Sand Cat. They weigh about 3.5 kg (7.7 pounds) and live well in desert areas which really works well for me and my desert area! Plus, isn't he adorable? I'm going to name him Kingsly or possibly Perry and we will be the best of friends. And he can cut anyone who attempts to hurt me. :)
■Pray that they will know Jesus values them and has a plan for their life.
We celebrated Adam's birthday on Saturday with a trip to the casino and a soccer game! The gambling didn't fair well for me... I played the Sex and the City slot machine and Carrie cost me $10 (I don't gamble with much!) but Adam made up for my loss. At least one of use knows our way around a casino.
Kimmy
She is obsessed with Monster High dolls and has no concept of money still. Even through extensive talks and demonstrations she still thinks the money in her piggy bank (~$3 in change) equates to the $50 it costs to buy the Beach Monster High doll set with all of the Monster High characters.
Greg’s 12th anniversary May 3rd.
Do you have any goals you didn't reach, but haven't given up on?
We have some more grains coming in hopefully before the end of the week so we'll be brewing our next batch of American Amber Ale soon along with the introduction of a new potential brewer!
Winston Shrout – Solutions in commerce
6. I can't decide whether or not I like wearing pyjamas.
Bharti rolled out the 4G wireless broadband services in Kolkata and is working on launching advanced technology networks in other parts of the country. Bharti Airtel will shortly roll them out in the other three circles of Karnataka, Punjab and Maharashtra (excluding Mumbai).
And that's me, not the Cherub..
How much longer is this phase going to last? And can I follow him all the way through kitchenware to curtains and soft furnishings....?
Men and women alike (myself included sometimes) struggle with thought life. No, I am not just talking about outlandishly naked/gross pictures, movies and such. But judgements, gossip and things of this nature as well. I think sometimes we can all be a little loose with things we post, forgetting that people young and old alike read what we post.
A hiss comes from behind the door. A sucking hiss.
until crisp, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly,
This love has continued till date and even now I grab a couple when I but it for Lil Angel who says it is her most favorite biscuit in the whole world!I don't fight with her for the biscuits like I used to with my cousin. When I crave for these biscuits, I simply go and buy a pack and eat a few and save the rest for the Lil one :)
There is so much being written right now about bullying. The newest focus of bullying has been put on homosexuality, but in the last week I’ve also read two other accounts of bullying. One is over at Bust magazine, where you can read article about how women are bullied because of their social choices. And the other is on a mama’s blog, where you can read about how a girl was bullied because the daughter chose a water bottle that was different then all the other girls, and was too “boyish.”
Porsche’s 911 GT3 R Hybrid race car used the technology for the first official race in North America on Oct 2nd, 2010 in the final round of the 2010 American Le Mans Series. (It finished in the middle of the pack.)
Robin enjoys stepping out of her comfort zone and pushes the envelope on the stories she writes every chance she gets. She hopes her readers are just as thrilled as she is with the chances she’s taking.
Making Rogues & Reavers a reality means learning from the masters, both in pulp fiction and in design. As such, much of this blog will be examining elements from a variety of systems and stories, considering their value for this project, and either incorporating them or tossing them away. Once we get closer to a working model for R&R, I'll also post playtest reports, along with speculation on ways to improve the system.
If a grad student who thinks their advisor doesn't do anything is in a situation in which they (the student) had some ideas that formed the core of a grant proposal that they largely wrote (perhaps with some help with the logistics of writing/submitting a proposal), got the grant (perhaps with their advisor's name on it), carried out the research largely independently (perhaps after learning some key techniques from someone other than the advisor), made the most significant interpretations, and wrote the papers, then go ahead and say it: your advisor didn't do much, if anything.
'Over-come', 'Under-go', 'Over-see', 'Under-blind'(?), 'Over-and-under-bites', 'Under-world', 'Over-land', 'Under-sea', 'Over-react', 'Over-do', 'Under-pass', 'Under-dog', and the most import one:
incidence said that the
The upside is with the exception of one project (you know who you are! I am still working on it!) I don't dawdle as much with my writing and, while I might write something horrible and have to rewrite, I don't sit waiting for the muses to take me away.
Me: *Blank stare* I..Am..Sorry...Sir/Ma'am...Can...I...Help...You?
“Tim & his wife said it was from a broken heart,” Smedley posted. “That is all I know.”
6. Green Eyes
Go to a store that has their bathrooms in another building outside of the store.
Lesson 1: Condoms... What else?
"Naw Gaz, let's go there, they won't be expecting the Ladybank crew to be fucking up their town today".
It will be my second Thanksgiving without Acacia. And this year feels much different. Last year Thanksgiving fell over Acacia's two month anniversary dates, and I was in such a different place. I was in that very fresh, confusing, numb, consuming, scary place of grief. Not that I don't still go there sometimes, but it's different now. Last year I was in a much larger size pair of pants because I had finally bought a few pairs of pants to wear other than my maternity pants, but my pre-pregnancy pants were a long ways off from fitting. As I take a moment to remember, it all comes back so quickly, like it was yesterday. And here it is today, a year ago.
HUMPBACK FLY (above left)
The fact, as reported in The Times, that barely 5% of in-house counsel even look at law directories is irrelevant – a fact put ably by Mr Cholmondely-Cameron-Smythe when I held a special ‘closed’ session of the Megaladon LLP Star Chamber shortly before 4.00 am this morning.
There was recently a contest at school for the "best authors". Strangely enough, this story is not about Jack, who, obviously, loves contests...whatever kind of contest it might be.
CORNWALL, England -- Two Cornish drinks producers have teamed up to create what they claim is the first whiskey to be produced in Cornwall in over 300 years and the oldest whiskey to be launched in England for more than a century.
My Daemon is more elusive – it skulks, it slinks. It peers briefly from the piles of lost things at the World's End, and ducks out of sight again. It isn't human or, at least, not wholly human. It's dark in colour, brindled, perhaps covered in fur. I glimpse pricked ears and a curve or hump of back. Is it an ape? Or are those the ears and back of some cat-like animal? But it moves less fluidly than a cat, and I see no tail, though perhaps it has a bobbed one, like a lynx. I don't know what it is – and I dare not be so presumptuous as to ask. I only hope that writing this piece hasn't offended it. I would never venture to thank it. That would certainly ensure I’d never hear from it again.
I would not swim against the stream.
Thanks for stopping by! I would like to enter this into the following challenges:
Jap-Buster Johnson had several different artists and writers over the course of its 18 installment run in several different titles (All Select Comics, Complete Comics, Kid Komics and USA Comics). Writers include Otto Binder, Mickey Spillane and even novelist Patricia Highsmith. Artists include Dennis Neville, Jimmy Thompson and Allen Bellman. In fact, Bellman clearly remembered his work on the feature. I interviewed Allen Bellman in 2001 (published in Alter-Ego #32, 2004) and he recalled walking into Stan Lee's office to get a script (he was given a Jap-Buster Johnson script) and being introduced by Stan to the writer who had just dropped it off. The writer, with a crew cut and in an army uniform, was Mickey Spillane, freelancing for Timely and Stan Lee while in the service.
Put on, and smile upon our evening bed
And because it was raining all day long, I didn't get much chances to take tons of photos. :( Thus, a very short update~
DIET
I could see a person standing in the corner and trying to hide his tears… Ohh… he was once my best friends; but a small misunderstanding made us part, and we both have strong enough ego to keep us disconnected. I went there.. And offered him my hand, “Dear friend… I just want to say sorry for everything, we are still best friends, please forgive me.” No response from other side, what the hell?? He is still preserving his ego, I am saying sorry… even then!!! …I really don’t care for such people.
Geoffrey Thomas Campbell, 31, New York, N.Y.
Fifth! The subject of the card is about how a single player decimated an entire Yankee team.
Kansas City vs. Cleveland
I also believe I know how Chris and Simon will argue, because I have read or listened to everything they have said on the subject to date. They have both made good arguments in the past, but all of these have failed to resonate with the vast majority of those in the government health racket and those in the media who all believe they have a mandate to protect you from yourself, and to do your job as parents. I do not think their arguments will surprise me either. But who knows?
And that's about it, I still have to fit a perch for the chickens, which I already have, just need to put it in the coop, but I want to make a tray to go underneath the perch, which we will be able to slide out to clean out any chicken sh ... ... err droppings.
Etceteras
~ It started with Deacon's birthday on June 2nd. ~
Not something I’ll rush out to buy again, lads and lasses.
My dream job isn’t so unrealistic after all. Recently, public relations professionals have determined that integrating social media into brand marketing campaigns is essential to building a successful brand. But a question now exists; can Facebook and Twitter really help build a better fashion brand? Public relations professionals argue, yes, and here’s why.
I suppose I should be thrilled that my children are discovering music. But all I want to do is shout ‘STOP! You’re driving me crazy’ as they hum the themes over and over and over and over, without seeming to even realise they’re doing it.
The four slipcovered chairs need to be reupholstered, but the slipcovers will stay on unless we're entertaining. The boys have been informed those are the only chairs they are allowed to TOUCH! I ended up with quite the headache when I realized (AFTER tearing off all the upholstery on the back of a head chair) that the back was not made as I thought. It was all one solid piece with a 3/8" groove for a staple gun to fit into! I don't have a gun with a nose for grooves, couldn't rent one, and couldn't install upholstery tacks in such a tiny space!!!!! UGH! What's a girl to do? Hot glue, baby! I decided if it could hold the piping on for ten years with three boys, it was good enough to hold on more fabric as well. So, I only pulled off the piping and just installed new fabric over the old with hot glue. That way it was glued to old staples that were going nowhere, added cording and called it a day.
This is so easy, it's shocking. You just have to buy a couple of things you might not have in your pantry right now, but then you'll have them in your pantry, and you'll be psyched because it means that you can make this kind of thing any time. And somehow curry (thai or otherwise) always feels special and delicious to me, even if I'm making it to use up some CSA vegetables...
Junior Dread - A Wah Dat
So, eventually I saw Dr Breathe. We had a bit of a chat, well, one of us spoke, one croaked but you get the point. Unsurprisingly all my test results are ok. I can tell from the measuring results that Dr Breathe has a slightly relaxed definition of ok which is great, because it means not endlessly investigating things that are miniscule measurements away from the defined 'normal' in someone who's body doesn't do normal. Chest x-ray is clear, breathing tests mostly clear, and bronchoscopy was fine. I'd expected all that as Dr Breathe had been looking for something obvious affecting my ability to breathe and speak such as a stricture. So, that left us back where we started; laryngeal malacia issues caused by hypotonia. In normal person speak that means my larynx is collapsing on itself and my muscle tone is so poor the structures of my throat aren't properly held in place, move about alot and then interfere with my breathing when the soft tissue spasms as a result. Although there is nothing wrong with my lungs per se, the infections are caused by my chest muscles being too weak for me to breathe properly most of the time. When that happens all the natural secretions sit and hang out having germ parties in the bottom of your lungs. Its dangerous because if your muscles are too weak to breathe properly, they're often too weak to sustain coughing properly. The laxity of my tissues and obvious gap when I swallow witnessed by ENT means I'm also prone to aspirating food, liquid or saliva which is the preferred way for bugs to organise illegal raves in your lower lobes.
Funny enough, the only people honest about their intentions are the actual perpetrators themselves. Nelson Mandela told us what he wanted his followers to do with the Whites when he sang his MK pledge song about killing Whites. Mzukizi Gaba (ANC) was open and honest when he said “When Mandela dies we will kill you Whites like files”. The Black student protesters and Peter Mokaba were sincere when they chant(ed) “Kill the boer, kill the farmer” and “One Settler, one bullet”, and Jacob Zuma warned us when he sang “bring me my machine gun”. So it makes one wonder why the world still supports these murderers.
I think I scored a 10 on this one, not only did I use the entire stamp set on one card, my son said it was the best card I've ever made. He sleeps with one on his headboard every night, it's been almost a month now and he still has it up there. Is there anything better in the world than your child telling you how much he loves something you make?
BONUS ENTRIES: Because this contest is hopefully one of many on the road to 100 blog followers, I'm giving people chances for multiple entries. If you comment below, it's +1. If you tweet about this contest, blog about this contest, or otherwise link this post as a form of pimpage, it's a +1 for each entry! The second winner from this bonus round will be chosen via random.org.
Kaffir lime is zingy, peanut butter and jelly is the perfect after school snack and watermelon yoghurt macaron is intriguingly cool, with memories of watermelons in summer flooding forth.
I also bought me some new garden gloves because my pair either up and walked away or blew away. Both possible.
Unfortunate events often collaborate, because there is beauty in numbers, I guess.
Declaring that Israel threatens world peace?
Research suggests that after the age of 40 (for both men and women), the risk for developing A-Fib greatly increases.
My opinion rarely voiced over those people who shout
“Theology is unimportant. It’s more important that we focus on people’s hearts. That’s the real work of the gospel.”
Well here's a curious thing. This hardback book is an extraordinary format for a start. Almost 13 inches high (33cm) and 6 wide (15cm), this is a tall book. Not quite as long and thin as the case a conductor might carry his baton in but not too far off and very apposite that would be. It is certainly the right format for a book that takes trees and turns them into something else entirely. Laetita Devernay is an award winning artist and author of several books for children. This volume would suit all ages and particularly those with a love for classical music or art and design. Told without words, this is the story of a conductor who walks into a forest, climbs a tree and creates a symphony of movement and pattern from the trees around him.
Make a list (the bigger the better) of the publishers who are currently accepting your genre. Cross-reference each one on Preditors and Editors . Now you are ready to begin the query process!
@GregFrayser: Arrested under Good Samaritan law, Beck has character witnesses called against him, beginning w/ Van Jones
6) Hershey Kisses. With a name like “Kisses” and a product that is supposedly made of chocolate, you’d think this candy would be something to swoon over. But no. Hershey Kisses actually have a waxy taste, which makes us wonder who Hershey was kissing. We are therefore downgrading Hershey Kisses to: Brown Crayons.
Now it seems to me
Plants get “chapped lips” too. Cold, dry winter winds and bright winter sun make our skin chapped and unhealthy. Those winds have a similar devastating effect on your plants, which are out in the winds all winter. No wonder your evergreens don’t look so great come spring. This drying effect is called desiccation and is often the most devastating aspect of winter damage on plants in our Midwest region. To fight desiccation, first choose the right plants for windy, dry areas. Especially try to avoid placing broadleaf evergreens, such as azaleas, in places shady in summer but sunny and windy in winter. Second, make sure to water your evergreens well through early December, before the ground freezes and plants cannot “drink” from the soil. Third, mulch your plants for winter to retain soil moisture as well as soil temperature. Fourth, use an anti-desiccant. These products coat leaves and needles to slow down the loss of moisture. One of the best products to use is Wilt Stop by Bonide. This product is a natural polymer that covers plants with a FLEXIBLE coating to lock moisture in the plant tissue. The flexible coating is important to keep on the plants through winter as they bend and sway in the wind. Wilt Stop lasts 45-60 days so apply the first treatment in early December and again in early February.
I find it much easier and better to clear the air by either cooling down and talking about it properly, or nipping it in the bud, so to speak, before it gets so big you have pent up feelings that just boil over. And if it comes to the point that everything the other person does irritates and annoys you, you either end the relationship or admit that there is a problem and get help. All depending on what kind of relationship it is. As for parents who have ended the relationship but have to stay in contact due to children, get a grip. Think of the children and how YOUR actions affect them.
I have made many dud attempts at Water Marble Nail Art. I have tried different techniques, a variety of polish brands, colours, and watched many a YouTube video. I still cannot get it right!
7. With A Girl Like You
We drop them off at 5.30 and go for a drink at a local pub and then go out for dinner. I have cherry chocolate mousse trifle for dessert (and gluten free at that). So good.
Rather than absolution you accept a alternation of contest from a menu, Diddy Kong’s contest are amid in themed hubs (snow, dinosaur, beach, volcano…), which are advance aloft the island. The island is large, but it’s mostly bald of things to do, and it gets annoying alive from one hub to the next. Aloft entering a hub, you’ll see ample doors with a numbered airship on them. This bulk indicates how abounding balloons you allegation to accept acquired afore you can admission that specific race. Balloons are acceptable mostly by acceptable races, but there are a few afar balloons about the island, and you can aswell acquire some by acceptable Taj’s challenges. If you don’t accept abundant balloons to admission a hunt or you’re ashore on one authentic race, you can drive to accession hub beyond there’s usually something abroad you can do. There’s no bulk for added place, so you’ll accept to win to acquire a balloon.
He shuts his eyes and chins up, a huge smile on his face and he laughs. I remind myself that he’s seventeen. He’s seventeen and he’s here doing this-this-I don’t even know what to call it. But I do it too. And I get it. That rush. The wind in your face with the rings of metal rails and train blares. One of those rushes that make you want to cling to life, that prevent you from letting go from these wooden stilts and falling to your death. That kind of rush.
But on the bright side, Friday is only four more days away.
Do you talk about your favorite food?
Yes it's great I can check what I have due now right there in a clear file, but I could do that so easily through my regular expanding file folder so then why bother having two places to keep paperwork?
Hey, I never considered myself a Don Juan but in simple terms, if that car could talk many of the stories associated with those activities would be rated “NC-17.” Since I need to cover all the bases and I will not make any further comment about it but I have researched the issue and the statue of limitations has run out on anything else that might have happened during that time.
Sandra Feazel's heart allows you to manipulate, paint, sew and more to create this winged heart pocket beauty. Perfect for you to play cupid and tuck something sweet into and leave behind for your Amore' to find.
Joshua very valiantly tried to keep Louis occupied while I ascertained what had happened. She had come to the clothes shop immediately after withdrawing some money from the bank directly opposite and she had noticed a tall man dressed all in grey watching her while she was there. She was under the impression that this man must have taken it while she wasn’t looking. So we duly went to the bank in question. They seemed less than helpful at first.
This has resulted, in the states, with a batlle for supremacy. Christianity on one side attacking at every angle, secularism on the other keeping it’s head down and kinda hoping it will all go away.
On another note, I feel time is SO expensive here in Kuala Lumpur (KL). I find time passes in the blink of an eye. I do not usually feel lethargic after I came back from work, but I feel tired every morning I get up from sleep. I do not have as much time as I used to have to craft and to be online. Sometimes I wonder what is going on with the world around me. People go out as early as 06:00 in the morning to work, and when luck is not on your side, you will be trapped in a traffic jam for more than two hours when the journey normally takes only half an hour. I know KL has always been like this, and I shall not reveal why I am complaining. Perhaps it is due to a move from a city of convenience to a city of not much convenience.
08. Keep Pushin'
Thanks for your comments. Be inspired!
And then there was that cake...and more!
On the other hand, basically all websites that handle sensitive info, such as banks, brokerage houses and e-commerce sites, use encryption technology known as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) that scrambles any data that is entered. You’ll know that SSL is in effect when the web address starts with “https”. Several email and social media sites, notably Gmail, Hotmail and Facebook, use SSL to keep private communication safe from eavesdroppers. Facebook, however, requires that users activate the SSL. To do so, go first to Account Settings, click Security, then enable Secure Browsing.
A path through the tall grasses leads to the front of the church, and I enter through the beautiful chevronned Norman arch of the south doorway. Once inside, a kindly old gentleman greets me – he’s a volunteer guide. We spend a very pleasant 30 minutes chatting, ‘reading’ the church together. Along with the Norman arch, there are traces of herringbone Saxon stonework in the walls of the 12th century nave – like so many country churches, the building is a mish-mash of architectural styles, an ecclesiastical cut’n'shut, if you like. The wood-panelled Victorian north aisle (with gallery above – where once the church musicians played, until a harmonium was installed in 1855) is in complete contrast with the earlier chancel and nave. Face north and you could be in a Methodist chapel in the 19th century; turn and face south and you could be in the Middle Ages.
2. reveal your top 5 picks and let them know by leaving a comment on their blog or sending them a tweet.
Okay so I know a lot of my photography has been MIA on the blog. This happened because I just have so many projects going on… and before I can post up my lastest project I’m on to the next one. I am going to TRY and post more photos from current projects that I have completed.
Thrill or fear, I am unsure which is greater. Behind my eyes a fuzzy twitch twirls like a worm. The hysterical barks sound closer now... much closer.
Peaches, Peaches, get your freestone peaches! This was the sound that could be heard echoing through the stands once upon a time. Peach season is here. Time to make peach ice cream, peach sorbet, peach cobbler and peach jelly (my mom's favorite) It is also the new season of Top Chef which always invites me to be more creative in the kitchen. Recently, I prepared a peach salsa to be served atop grilled Mahi Mahi.
We had dinner at this cozy French restaurant where my husband’s friend and his family who resides in Ho Chi Minh City (they gave us recommendations and we tried most of them) like going. If you crave some western food and want something casual, this might be a good place. It is kid friendly as well. We got there earlier than the usual dinner time, so it was easy to get a table, but the restaurant filled up quickly and it was busy.
We were surrounded by lanky teenage boys in black blazers with wilting red poppies stuck in crumpled lapels. They slicked up their hair, scoffed crisps, chewed gum and slugged drinks....they giggled and burped and cracked jokes in croaky half broken voices...... and sometimes they threw the odd Malteser at the odd passing nose-in-the-air mini-skirted hair-swirling girl...
He applauded the efforts of the AJC, both locally and globally, educating the public to the insidious nature of these attacks against the Jewish State. Tor talked about the imperative to be proactive, citing the work the AJC and groups like StandWithUs have done, challenging the Administration at Evergreen College to secure a safe and normative educational environment for its beleaguered Jewish students, and the achievement of thwarting the proposed boycott at the Port Townsend Food Co-op.
Five broken rigs!
REVENGE OF THE HOMECOMING QUEEN by Stephanie Hale
However, it’s time to moo-ve on, so without further ado, here’s another remarkable, if flawed, forgotten story by a creative genius.
Not the most intruiging or amazing list of shops but im a poor student so i cant shoo anywhere more interesting. Lol
I was sat in my bedroom, checking my phone messages, when there was a power surge. Loud explosion, followed by the delicate tinkling sound of raining hot glass.
6. George Orwell’s “Politics and the English Language” argues that politicians use the passive voice to mask the terrible events.
A month will pass before the next round of Ise Kadoya events. If you ever find yourself in Ise on the second or third Wednesday of any given month, hit me up -- or simply show up at Biyagura -- and let's have a few drinks.
If you look closely, you might notice that James is wearing the same shirt as me. I actually asked him to run this race with me. We were running for "Ruth's Runners" and I wanted him to help me support their family.
Sometimes, a wonderful book may show up available electronically -- Peter Collingwood's Rug Weaving tome is free-for-the-downloading at handweaving.net. The nice thing (for buyers) about books like that is that it keeps the print copies within the range of buying, when they show up -- second-hand copies of this book are useful, as it is quite thick. But $40-$60 is much more accessible than the over $100 books this size are often found for when out of print.
Bonnie: Were the three royal ladies people you actually encountered or did you make them up?
Want an equal opportunity to get a job when competing against people who are rolling in money, unutterably lazy and under-qualified but who also happen to be African? Ha! Denied.
My slices this year seemed to divide into several categories.
In this confident mood, the EU’s senior officials all rejected Christine Lagarde’s call for banking recapitalisation. While it was a daft idea anyway (it’s not what they need right now) it’s been rejected because of Not Invented Here syndrome: in a general sense, her observation that the eurobanks haven’t got enough money is a 180 degree U-turn from three months ago….but it is obviously true.
In his book Treasures of the Earth: Need, Greed, and a Sustainable Future, environmental studies professor Saleem H. Ali explores the way in which computers provide the quintessential example of our destructive patterns of resource consumption, which many, Ali writes, liken to a river, with raw material flowing downstream until it is lost to us, at the dump or in the back of the linen closet.
just please ensure that if you are late for whatever reason(and i know we all have busy lives and lives outside of scrapping) to try and let me know, Communication is the key to a successful swap
For my part, I do not believe that things we simply conceive of cannot be said to not exist. For me, Santa Claus exists, even if he is merely an idea.
Here is how Thomas Nelson describes the service WestBow Press will provide authors looking to use an author solution service for their self-published book project.
These are two posts I’ve written recently that touch on this—
And because I am trying to be better about filling my home with a mixture of old and new... this was the perfect place to be!
Most burdensome fears…as we
But this blog hasn't changed as much as I have and I'm not so sure it's the right venue for my awesome self. KIDDING. But I do want to know how I can make it better. In March, the awesome Laura Barnes will critique my blog with a keen marketing eye. And today, I'm participating in the Critique My Blog blogfest hosted by Teralyn Rose Pilgrim at A Writer's Journey.
I also like how he's not a Mack Daddy. He's a MacDaddy, of the highland clan MacDaddys. They fought at Bannockburn, I believe.
No doubt, BrewDog will claim their presence as a significant staging post and victory on the road to their self proclaimed 'craft' beer revolution. They will trumpet that it brings closer the day that Camra accept keg with extraneous CO2.
Spoon the mixture into the cupcake cases, filling them to about two thirds full.
Variations: Grand Marnier or Amaretto can be substituted for the Jack Daniel’s in the buttercream. For chocolate buttercream, substitute 8 oz. of melted bittersweet chocolate for the Jack Daniel's. Make sure to cool the chocolate at least 15 minutes before adding it to the buttercream. The Pastry Queen, by Rebecca Rather.
The roaring torrents,
All in all a fun day of shooting (at least with the AR) but damned I used some PMC ammo for most of it and it was seriously dirty when I sat down to clean her up. Took hours to get all the fouling out of her.
NI NO KUNI: WRATH OF THE WHITE WITCH, music by Joe Hisaishi
The next post will contain the poem.
Nose has a great grapefruit and fruitiness to it. I'm getting something akin to nail polish as well on the nose. Could be my imagination. Rather cloudy and orange with a big white soft head (no homo). Beer has a fruity thing going with a bunch of bitters and some sours going own. The beer has a light chalky thing going on. The beer is about as bitter as can be without being what I could call hoppy. Lots of grapefruit malt and citrus everywhere. Not sure where to take this one. Has a light bready finish, yet still rather sugary sweet. It's just like the sport of Jai Alai. Cool to watch but damned quirky. High 3 stars.
I was also nicer at work today because it was tacos for lunch. The food at lunch can be pretty dismal, but once a week or so they have something I like, and the crispy beef tacos are on top of that list. Mostly because they put all sorts of sides out, like sour cream, salsa, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and corn (I now accept corn as an ingredient in Mexican food, it was too hard to fight it so I gave in). I can make a big sloppy crispy taco salad. Everyone else likes it too, even David the Brit who hates everything at lunch. He went back for seconds! I think we all did.
1 cup parsley, minced
I was a Khow Suey virgin until a couple of weeks ago, when my friend from Pakistan invited us over for a Burmese Khow Suey dinner in Canada. That’s how global we are!
1. Green leaf, red leaf and Romaine lettuce, .88/ea. at Sprouts and Sun Harvest (through 11/3/10)
“No, isn’t this your suitcase? Can’t you take a hint Mom?” Mouse gets a bit testy if you do not understand her every move.
RED: What wine or winemaker has most influenced your winemaking style?
way, line by line, through a theology that was years
The Kidocracy (Kid-democracy) name was created for the event to denote a form of society characterized by social equality and acceptance of young people with representation for and by young people.
The shape of the skull between a male and a female is often quite different. The male forehead often has fullness over the brow bone known as brow bossing or a supraorbital prominence with a flatter forehead above this area. The female forehead, conversely, has a more convex or curved forehead shape and little or no significant supraorbital bossing. Such forehead shapes confer a masculine or a feminine look.
2 dancing
Signs of attractiveness fuel the voyeuristic media age, Hakim is pointing to a social narrative of image and its importance. If we are to treat the pretty in such favourable ways, what may we do about the disfigured? Hakim’s erotic capital may read like the horrible antithesis of Goffman’s Stigma, but instead of addressing disfigurement, we are in an big brother house asylum of popularism and judgment by good looks. If we are to accept the myths of attractiveness, which are to some extent inecapable, we face a degree of psychological damage. I end this post by sharing this video:
As we hot-footed back to John's hostel John said excitely through mouthfuls of March mist: “Dat bag we made d'ere, da B, it'll be our parting fix for all dis shit man. You'll come'on up ta mine, ya will, we'll spoon and share it, sure... loike sharing a drink. A proper farewell, ya know?”
Felt
I asked a friend of mine yesterday: Do you have a word from the Lord for me? I think he thought I was joking and he said ‘I haven’t heard that voice.’ But at the end of his email he told me about a preacher he had listened to recently who had challenged him with these words, “Do you really love your congregation? Do you really love the people God has entrusted to your care?” After I read that I said, “Thanks for the word.” That was God’s word to me. I know exactly what he was saying. The challenge is to sacrificially love. I know what this means: It means give up yourself for someone else. It means live redemptively. It means lay down your lives for one another. It means to live entirely for someone else. It means: No greater love has any man than this, that he should lay down his life for his friends. It means to set aside personal, short term ambition so that the greater, lasting fruit of perfect love will be demonstrated, so that God will be glorified in our lives.
I feel an amazing sensation;
They are pretty fucking cute. And they know how to use the litter box. I don't know the sexes of either and my initial observations of their nether regions have left me scratching my head, because, frankly, whatever Mr. Whiskers has down there looks more like a donut than anything else. They are somewhere between 6 and 8 weeks old, but I forgot to ask my parents (who own their mother) exactly when they were born.
Running time: ~00:49
"So many indigenous people have said to me that the fundamental difference between Western and indigenous ways of being is that even the most open-minded westerners generally view listening to the natural world as a metaphor, as opposed to the way the world really is. Trees and rocks and rivers really do have things to say to us." -Derrick Jensen
Like a great symphony, these channels and features work best when everyone is playing on the same page. So that’s why we’re encouraging you to update your channel to the new look, and by March 7 we’ll be updating everyone. If you have a YouTube channel and 15 minutes today, select the “Try the new design” button on the top of your channel page that will give you step-by-step instructions for updating.
However, is it truly their fault that they behave the way they do? I channel the Dao and see that the environment does not allow for them to act justly. They need to make a living and yet are unable to without inconveniencing others. And when others violate the traffic rules by counterflowing to avoid the jeeps, no one stops them from doing so. So we ask: is it not their fault that they counterflow? There is just too much in that intersection that is not in sync with the universal Way.
I’ve been having some conversations recently with a good male friend of mine who is not a Christian. I like to talk to him about women because we disagree about women, and Lord knows I love to disagree with people. Anyway, he’s read my rules for chastity, courtship, etc., and he considers them, and me, quite weird. He is coming from the position of having a great deal of sexual experience with women, whereas I strictly avoid sexual activity for a variety of reasons. And what we disagree about is this: I think it’s wrong to have casual sex with women who offer themselves to a man before marriage, and he thinks it’s permissible as long as he warns them that the relationship is going nowhere afterwards.
I hope that you too are enjoying a wonderful time with your loved ones, and that you find some time to thank God for all His rich blessings on your life!!!
-”Your scream woke me up from my nap.”
Vocalist for Brunswick Spirit
What Obama sidestepped what more that just the question. It isn't about taking Air Force One and the security. It's about the extravagance in a down economy and record deficit spending on the taxpayer dime. For instance...
If you are a parent, I’m sure that at some time or other you have felt the stares. Perhaps you’ve heard the whispered comments behind your back. Or you’ve even been exposed to open criticism. No matter what you do, there will ALWAYS be someone who doesn’t like it! And while some people just cast a disapproving glance, others will get in your face and tell you that you are doing everything wrong. That you’re just a mean mama and maybe you’re even messing up your children’s futures! Wow. That’s never a good feeling. And every time you get in this situation, you must evaluate if there is any truth to the person’s accusations. Hopefully you’re confident in your parenting abilities and can dismiss most of these without too much thought. Hopefully you can also take any element of truth and incorporate it into your parenting style without too much stress as well!
“She built a studio, which we called the Doll House, and we finally tore it down a few weeks ago. It looked like a stained glass house because it was made up of a patchwork of old windows. The whole house was just a little bit taller than I and held a stained glass window of Winnie the Pooh near the front door.
A common belief is that this is a mental illness. That I am sick in the head. I need help. That a visit to the doctor’s office will change things, make me well again. Well I’m sorry to disagree, but they couldn’t be more wrong in that regard.
Rocky (aka “Little Buddy”) is a fighter. Though he’s confined to life in his own 2-bedroom basement apartment, his needs as an attention whore get satisfied daily and he enjoys being spoiled. He even likes – and demands by standing next to the sink and getting really vocal – a nightly bath so he can maintain his status as the world’s softest cat.
I’m not scared of you!
Wallace is survived by his wife, son, stepdaughter, two stepsons, seven grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
It was inevitable that meal times would be the highlight of our trip. Our days were built around breakfast, lunch and dinner. It's said that on an average Pacific Pearl cruise, 80 tonnes of food and drink will be consumed, prepared by the ship's 120 chefs, cooks and bakers.
May be served hot or cold, but refrigerate any leftovers.
and it works in an oven too.
Yes, I most definitely realize that unschoolers are not all anarchists. Most aren't (though there are definitely more anarchists in your average group of unschoolers than you'd find in your average group of random people). I just find that, from my point of view, the two philosophies are extremely complementary. Both emphasize living in co-operation, living in freedom. Both involve a lack of dependence on the State or other higher authorities.
First Blood is the first film of the Rambo franchise and sticks out among the rest as a psychological thriller rather than a straight action flick. It is the only one that does not glorify the violence. Rambo is not the invincible super warrior single-handedly defeating the declared enemies of the United States, but an emotionally disturbed soldier who cannot deal with having fought and been ‘defeated” in an unpopular war.
P, and everybody else here, to you I appologize if this seems personal. I’ve known halforphan56 for quite awhile. Eldestbirthsibling and her 2 sisters have been trying to ruin halforphan56 in every way possible for over 30 years for some totally fabricated and imaginary slight to their family honor. 30 YEARS for crying out loud. I read the book and found nothing in it that doesn’t happen in many families, but because they want their family to seem like it’s perfect, they take offense. All 3 sisters have blogs which do nothing but try to destroy their own sister for the capital crime of trying to tell about her life. One of them actually has 3 blogs going, and all 3 are filled with HATE!
Snowballs and popcorn
Cockney: "......" (breathes deeply) "....."
Eli now has 4 teeth. I could handle the biting when it was tooth against gum...but now that it's tooth on tooth, I'm not doing so well. Especially with all the bleeding. Yes, that's right, he has been biting me so hard I start bleeding, a lot.
Self-Portrait in the Mirror, The Lodge, Belmont, MA, 1988
“You know Ms. F. He won’t poot, toot, pass gas, flatuate…It happens sometimes with men.” She looked at me quizzically and then spoke very slowly and louder. “We need him to faaht before he can go home.”
A new ancient killer fish fossil found in Canada has been described for the first time. The extinct species of ‘rebel coelacanths’ is thought to have been a quick-swimming predator with a forked tail like that of a tuna. Coelacanths were dubbed ‘living fossils’ after they were thought to be extinct, but one was discovered in 1938 in South Africa.
Ma Lu's obsession reaches stalker territory - he declares that he will keep loving Mingming until she loves him back, no matter what she says, and that she will never be allowed to escape. There's no irony in this: he is presented as the heroic individual who persists in his beliefs against all odds. Perhaps it's not surprising that there should be a rape joke in there. Again, and this time not in a good way, it made me think of the early 20th century.
11. The average person who stops smoking requires one hour less sleep a night.
Now, to the end this entry, I’m giving you a period.
Readers who enjoyed the first book will find the same Cat and Bones, just a little older, and a little stronger. Like fine wine they’re only getting better with age.
xvii) WIPO, besides being responsible for fostering the active participation of public interest non-governmental organisations, shall take appropriate measures to distinguish between user organisations representing the interests of IP right holders, and NGOs representing the public interest, in a way to prevent confusion and to make things more transparent;
The whippet made himself to the usual meeting place and once there, smiled as he set eyes on his three Mod dog buddies..
FACTOID: The film is set in the fictional town of Blithe Hollow, a nod to Washington Irving’s Sleepy Hollow.
Tourist A: I think this is where Julius Caesar lived.
And the choices you make have serious repercussions down the line. Whether that is mission choice or just the way you interact with other characters.
I loved this book so much, that my initial review was more than twice this length. So I did a lot of paring down and deleting… But I’m still splitting it into two parts. To find out WHAT I LEARNED FROM READING 7 and WHY I RECOMMEND YOU READ 7, click HERE.
In respect of the Belgian defendant, Solway argues that, because the Defendant infringes in more than one country, all infringements should be dealt with by the District Court to avoid irreconcilable decisions between the courts of various jurisdictions (further to Article 6(1) of the Regulation). The District Court agrees. It has decided that a further Article of the Regulation, Article 2, gives it the jurisdiction to rule on a defendant that is based in the Netherlands (the Dutch Honeywell company) and also to rule on the infringement of foreign patents by that defendant. Therefore, in order to avoid irreconcilable decisions under Article 6(1), the District Court says it follows that it must also be able to rule on the infringement of the same foreign patents by a foreign defendant (in this case the Belgian Honeywell company).Hadn’t Roche v Primus settled this issue already?Not according to the judgment of the District Court. In outline, in Roche v Primus (Case C-539/03, noted here by the IPKat) the Defendants were infringing patents in their respective jurisdictions only. Therefore, the ECJ (so named at the time) held that, further to Article 6(1) of the Regulation, the infringements must be litigated separately, in those respective jurisidictions. Whilst decisions on infringement of parallel patents in respective countries might be different, they would not be ruling on the same infringement with exactly the same facts, as would be the case here. In Roche v Primus there was therefore not the same risk of irreconcilable decisions".Many thanks, Paul, for this information. We look forward to further news as it arrives.
Matt Keegan (Guitar, Trombone, Keys)
The recent hullaballoo (wonder what the etymology of that word is, BTW) about unschooling has been very interesting to me. To me, you can't really talk about unschooling without also talking about parenting, because the parent's ability to understand and embrace the principles of unschooling, either as an educational choice or as a lifestyle choice, is absolutely critical. So I was prompted once again to look at how mainstream, traditional America views the role of a parent. By listening carefully and fairly to the outspoken voices who came out against unschooling, and by combining them with my own experience, here's my synopsis of what most people seem to be saying a parent really is:
“If a person is a real Moslem, he could never be a terrorist. We can’t harm anything,” Ahmet assured us. Many Turks have Biblical names like Musa for Moses and Isa for Jesus. All Iman salaries are paid by the government and no charge made for utilities at mosques. Maintenance is provided by the sale of the carpets which Muslims are required to give once in their lifetimes. No one “belongs” to a mosque - a Muslim usually just prays at the nearest one.
Lord Peter Wimsey would surely not appeal to many teenage girls today, with his monocle and his flaxen hair like Andrew Aguecheek’s, all smoothed down – probably with brilliantine – and his vacant aristocratic manner?
The story centers around a family who finally gets their very own zombie, Fido (Billy Connelly). Treating Fido like a pet, the family child Timmy Robinson (K’Sun Ray) quickly befriends the creature and brings him everywhere he goes. As their friendship grows, a malfunction in the control collar causes Fido to go on a flesh eating rampage. The film concludes with Timmy desperately trying to keep his zombie pet from being taken away from him. Though corny at times, the movie is twisted, funny and ends up delivering a couple of heavy handed morals about humanity and social status. I give the movie a 5 out of 10. Not a must see but if you’re looking for a zombie movie that’s unique and fun, give Fido a chance.
This was released on Drink 'n' Drive Records in 1995.
were doing, and they were waiting for the body of one of their leaders to be flown in.
We started a Twitter account for Cat’s Cradle, a platform the shelter has not been really active on yet.
After a while, I started getting people photographing my work. Some people said right out loud that they wanted to copy my designs. But the truth is this: for anyone who devotes more than 10 minutes to any form of art, you can't control that stuff. And why should you care? In the big picture, it really doesn't matter. Let them copy your stuff, if they can. Do they have the hours to invest and the actual talent to make something people will be interested in, or take that next step and buy?
Who made up all of these superstitions
I used our new Skinny Cello Bags for this one, inserting two Valentine pencils into the bag. The topper was made with both sets of the new Framelits Dies - Hearts and Labels. I stamped the bicycle image from the Take it to Heart stamp set on a piece of Whisper White cardstock in Real Red ink. It's cut out with the Hearts Die and then glittered around the edges with Dazzling Diamonds Glitter.
Sterlite Technologies Limited has informed the Exchange regarding a press release dated April 26, 2012, titled “Sterlite Technologies earns net revenues of Rs. 2,727 Crores in FY 12″
The Mid-Continental library, Google, and B&N shall be my very best friends when these last two months of Graduate School are over. In the mean time, Google has thankfully brought me across a fiction writer’s website that was chalk full of her amazing tips for writers. Jody Hedlund is her name and she has written a lot of great novels – Christian narratives about faith, life, love and loss. From the small amount of her work that I have read, at this point in time, I can appreciate her great ability to develop the characters and setting so well. While my aim is to write for a younger audience, not quite YA, but more specifically the 3-5th grade ages, I can learn much from Mrs. Hedlund and her wealth of experiential knowledge of writing.
"You know, I'm thinking you might be!"
and turpentine urns her sawdust daily keep
02 Digital (Live)
It was also discovered that vibratory impulses generated by finger percussion can be felt even when the auditory sense is eliminated.
Quite a lot of science then.
Just like the real Mafia the actors were also paranoid they were going to be bumped off as they did not know the scripts in advance.
Most of us think that we know what practice is. Maybe we once learned to play tennis, and we remember practicing our forehand. Or maybe we are learning to play the piano, and we practice scales. It’s unlikely, though, that what we are doing is really “deliberate practice”—and it’s almost a certainty that we have never applied the concept of deliberate practice to improving our ability to write.
So that is where the inspiration for this project came from.
We didn't get all the people that we would have if there was no rain. But, it still went well. Glad its over though. I was so exhausted on Sunday that what I intended as a brief 5:00 nap turned out to be an all night sleep (lol).
Slightly odd episode with Holder going off the rails a bit when he thought no one, including Linden believed him. Linden had quickly realised her mistake and was trying to get hold of him. They seemed to be back together in the end so we shall see what they come up with next week.
How and why the term “gay” came to be applied to homosexuals I do not know. I do know that its former meaning, one of happiness, does not apply to the way many homosexuals feel about themselves, nor the way the more militant among them continue to test and abuse the tolerance of the greater heterosexual society in which they live.
Neurotypical (NT/non-autistic) score in this section: 23 of 54
I'm so, so tired.
The wolf rock I painted last week was a happy medium between the two rock-picking techniques. I did want to paint a wolf, and went out to search for a good wolf rock. But then I found a rock with a bump in it that would be perfect for the tail. The more you look at rocks and wonder what they could be, the better you get at it. It’s really just a trail of happy discovery.
quickly passing fingers of flight and fancy
Call me a conspiracy theorist but to me that looks a little suspicious.
#157 building fitness
It was most interesting to see such a wide range of art in this setting. As you'll see, it was quite austere. Almost shabby. The work was hung salon style on portable pegboard walls. And yet it was the greatest group of art we’ve come across in Chicago in a while. Chicago artists of various stripes of notoriety hung alongside artists from the US and abroad of various levels of fame. No judgment or hierarchy, really. It was all pretty straightforward. Up on the walls and out there, equal. There was also a good cross section of donors, galleries from Chicago, California, NYC and Europe. It was also a lot like going through a BFA or MFA show. Tons of work all next to eachother, some good some bad. But actually kind of inspiring and heartening. If only more shows like this took place. If only this was actually an exhibition, and was open to the public. If only the MCA took more risks and put together experimental shows in this location. Hmm, if only.
Women – will screw up anything for men.
Back in early April, we received an e-mail about a local private school needing players for their soccer team. When a school is so small that their graduating class includes all of 6 students, it's difficult to put together a team big enough to have people on the field and on the bench. By opening up the roster to local home schoolers, they were able to make it happen. I replied to the e-mail by saying, "I think the Frog would like to participate."
Nerd Talk about Advertising, Graphic Design and photography
Typically it was the last attempt for the night, just after the raid was supposed to end. Perhaps you guys should raid from 11pm to 11:15pm?
And it is this joy, this pleasure of the simple fact of being alive and having possibilities to consider, which should fill us with gratitude and make us jump out of bed every morning. Joy is at the heart of God’s plan for us…is at the heart of God! Does this mean we will never know sorrow? Quite the contrary – we were promised two things…one: that we would be surrounded by difficulty and sorrow…two: that we would never be alone in this, and that we would always have something to look forward to, to strive towards “with grace in our hearts and flowers in our hair” – Mumford & Sons
on the world, and I feel
Gary creates amazing textures and layers in all his artwork, no matter the medium he uses. His work is vibrant and grungy, with just enough 'quirk' to make it really interesting. I mean, how many people do you know that have held a sardine can shrine challenge?!? Thanks, btw, for letting me be the official judge on that one. I have not met Gary but one day, if he heads to NYC or I head to Australia, we just may meet. And if we do, I would like nothing more than to spend a day in the studio collaborating on some art.
Our colleagues at EDRO estimate that climate change could directly affect about half the population in the UK in the next 3 to 5 years.
7. Sweet Pea
I'm sorry, but I don't care if my sticker was of a throbbing open sore. I don't care if it was a picture of a murder. Going up to a stranger's car and removing an item is nothing more than theft. This goes back to the whole "leave the stranger alone, because the stranger might be crazier than you" thing. What if I'd come out and seen this person violating my car, and I was all... "You know... I was planning on bludgeoning someone at the Walmart later, but whatever... they'll do."
Is justice in the eye of the beholder? Or have we all come to a common ground as far as what justice would mean for child labor, cheap labor and worker exploitation, genocide, corruption and trafficking? Each government is involved. Either the government is trying to exploit others out of convenience or it allows its own people to be exploited.
It’s ‘difficult’ – cuz the Cage I built was always meant to be
Unrelated note - who was it out there who wanted my Carver books? 'cause they're yours if you want them.
* Out at the bar, you and your buddies use the Pope & Young scale to size up women
Dr. Lisa Cottrell Ph.D., CBSM. Licensed Psychologist, Board Certified in Behavioral Sleep Medicine, explains that there is effective treatment for insomnia.
Kirkpatrick yesterday declined to comment.
Then my husband came home from work and discovered that there was even less water in the pool than he had started with. He found the rip in the liner, which went from a small hole to a HUGE hole and flooded our backyard, along with our neighbors :( The verdict - no pool this year. We'll have to replace a bunch of sand that was washed away, along with the liner, water, hoses, etc. I guess Owen and I will have to get used to going to the Blissfield Community Pool.
hours on end in preparation
The last time I spent Thanksgiving with any of my siblings was four years ago, a couple of weeks before my mother died. We’d come to spend a final Thanksgiving with her, but she was too sick and too weak to join us. Still she was glad we came. She always wanted her children to be close, and she worried that after her death, we would drift apart. Now here I am, in her house, and she is not here.
Óli: guitar, handclaps, cowbell and a drumkick
A Serious Man
which could explain her persistent cough.
Remember I told you about the fire in our flat? Well after that, I had real problems sleeping. Every time I was about to drop off, I’d imagine I could smell smoke, or that I could hear Paul moving around the flat and would have to get up again to check, then when I did eventually drop off, I’d dream of us being trapped in a fire and would wake up in sweat, too frightened to go back to sleep again, just in case.
from what you want
Not for the production process itself because vox pop interviews will be utilized for video content. Some guidance and development assistance will be required for the creation of the app and submission to Google Play and the iTunes Store.
Armageddon is nothing like Guerrilla. Apart from the similar look of the main character (they are related after all) and sharing some of the weapons from the first game THQ could’ve called this game anything… a new IP possibly?
1 profoundly
Mira Mosa Park, Murrieta
Greeting Cards
1 nuclei
“I’ve always been interested in films. From an early age, I was in Elstree Youth Theatre. I started working on film sets as an extra and became a runner. I want to create films people want to see. Partly for the money but a lot of it for the creative side. I think I can tell a good story.
Total Size: 244mb
Hard ticket events are special events that happen in the Magic Kingdom on select nights. They normally close the park early for regular day guests. Then they require an additional ticket if we want to stay longer. Hard ticket events usually require you to be wearing a wrist band. They have cast members walking around checking for the bands and if you don’t have one they will politely ask you to exit the Magic Kingdom. Not very magical if you ask me!
Eric Bompard's silk polka-dot shirt (E95) will be perfect with navy pants, my denim pencil skirt, or even jeans. Pretty and polite; if you have good legs, wear it with shorts.
I also noticed that some of my neighbors are now waving at me. Before, they would rush to their houses and lock their doors behind them whenever they see me approaching. lol All right... I exaggerated. LOL But some of them did.
~Luke
1. You can choose to shoot with a tripod or hand-held. I always go for hand-held because it gives me so many more options.
I am a Devilish Gretel that causes mischief! I'm a real devil's child now~
The small farmer/producer will once again become the prime agricultural mover as energy prices rise and they can compete with transportation intensive mono-culture crops. While I admit this move has not yet developed as fast as I once thought it would it is easy to see that we are slowly moving in that direction and this news out of Greece is a window into the future for us.
Eating a Spicy Italian sub at Subway reconfirmed my belief that Subway has product quality unmatched by other national fast food chains, including the one I work for.
10 Old Land 4:10
I'm teaching my 2 hour Continental Knitting bootcamp. Become a faster knitter! Get ready for stranded colourwork! Rest your aching wrists! This is the class in which I demonstrate the legendary Norwegian purl... learn to purl without moving your yarn to the front...
- 2 Packets Yeast
deeply embarrassed. The man thinks and speaks in the hoariest of
When I met Richard last year I got to see a prototype of the "Norm" phone holder. He explained how they were working on the design and would be producing them at TechShop Menlo Park. I'm really glad to see that his business has come to fruition and hope more people follow his business model.
Yeah, well this guy has clearly chosen the dark side of the force and I would bet my bacon taters he’s never seen a Bruce Lee flick. Pretty early on he decided that because people picked on him he must somehow seek out power. Power for what? Well when you aren’t truly happy with who you are as a person because you measure your value as a person by the people around you, then your deepest desire is to pull a “Paint it Black” and make others change who they are to be more of a mirror image of you. I call this self validation and spun that wheel before so back to the point. So our chubby Anakin needed a field and being the high school quarterback was out of the tea leaves. It had to be in the realm of the cerebral, maybe the obtaining of massive amounts of information and gorging them down the throat of your brain only in no philosophical order in which to make any true use of the data. We use to call that a nerd when I was coming up. Well the only fields where nerds can compete are at comic book conventions and politics. True patriots do too, but on the average they try to stay as far away from government as possible until it becomes absolutely necessary for them to rise up, over take and cleanse the temple. As is our time now.
I do hate to sound cynical about my own government, but I am frustrated. And, as I said, this is not the only example which has affected me personally. In a separate instance, I have become very close to a family in Southeast Asia (Mindanao, Philippines). We travel there yearly, sometimes even more often. This family has 4 adult children, two of whom have sought permission to enter the U.S. One of them has a job as a nurse in California. The other was accepted to a school here in Kentucky. Neither of them has been allowed permission to enter the U.S. Both have been denied, even though they are both college educated nurses who are needed and desired by employers and schools in the U.S. They both followed the law.
McMahan – who used to sit as a magistrate in Sittingbourne and Maidstone – said: “I can only presume they wanted it away from the Kent bench. I was never given a reason.”
12 p Family Fitness & Kick Boxing by TRIOMPH FITNESS
It’s not been often over the last few years that Usain Bolt has been upstaged on the track, and after setting an SB and WL 9.76 100 it appeared that Brussels would be no different. Except that approximately six minutes later the men’s 200 went off – and 19.26 seconds later the sprint world was once again turned on its ear!
So I have been neglecting my blog...and I can't remember probably everything I ate but here goes:
If you are Irish or have a wee bit of Irish in you like a great many of us this is your Month. Our digital Stamp of the Month, now available at a special price, reflects this "Irish Dance" and here are some cards by the design staff. Aren't they super!
This beautiful Vera Bradley bag is my gift in her honor to someone who comments between today and May 14th. It's perfect for your knitting, quilting, scrapbooking, or just a day at the beach--which was one of Kelly's favorite things to do. Yes, I could have made one, but I also wanted to focus on the Vera Bradley Foundation for Breast Cancer, which has become my crusade as well.
The groove, such as it, isn’t as funky as it is impressionistic, like the country-flavored music Bill Frisell has favored in recent years. It’s the guitar equivalent to the moody and melodic melancholy of Manu Katché’s recent discs. Ruben’s music has a cinematic folk quality to it. It’s simple, understated and freed from any easy definition of jazz: songs for wide open spaces. Refreshingly, no one here fills up the spaces with too many notes in florid displays of virtuosity.
I was abused as a child.
yes it makes you clench your fist.
Disgust with own genitals
LOL! I don't think the word NO is in my vocabulary some days, hey ho, hubby says I work better under pressure.
And then I decided that this painting relied too much on the narrative. The story there, like a scene from a novel. Nothing wrong with that, except I didn't want a narrative-driven painting. So I took out the car and the figures, the main players of the story.
flowy and natural and coral. I do these very organic looking shapes with lots of water and paint, and since it's thick with both, it takes forever to dry. It doesn't help that it was rainy in Atlanta today, so I had to keep it inside. Rainy/humid weather is the WORST for paint drying. But, at least it's great for coffee drinking. I had about 4 cups.
~ 1 Copic Air-Brushing Starter Set System
for the record: It rained all day today. And I had a huge urge to run in it. But I didn't.
Creative Director Dibakar Banerjee has been decided to woo his audience with his upcoming political thriller ‘Shanghai’ which is expected as the biggest thriller release of the year. Movie will also witness the comeback of the popular Bengali actor ‘Prosenjit Chaterjee’ who will be seen in a Hindi film after 21 years.
10. Stan Kenton & His Orchestra - Peanut Vendor
giggles for kisses,
First, it expressed very accurately how I was feeling at the moment. The first few weeks were a rough time. I felt so much guilt and shame.
My first thought when I heard about Secret Obsession was that it is based around such an interesting concept. I have read a lots of books where there is cheating involved but never have a read a book where one of the characters becomes so obsessed with her sisters husband that she tries to steal him for herself. I really thought this was a great premise, and looks at the 'bad' side of relationships. Secret Obsession is a short read, that is fast paced throughout. The plot moves quickly and I kept turning the pages desperate to know what extremes Paige would go to next and exactly what was going to happen. There is a scene at the beginning of the book that made me very uncomfortable reading it, however if you can past it the scene really sets the tone of just how far Paige is willing to go to get what she wants. I have to admit that I did not enjoy the epilogue. I thought that after such a real, hard hitting, emotional storyline the epilogue tied things up too perfectly. I would have liked to see things end slightly differently to keep with the overall tone of the book.
I colored PB's "Sweet Thing" with Copics and also added in some touches with Stickles and a glitter pen. The cupcake is embellished with a paper flower coated with Stickles. Card stock colors used are white, Pumpkin Pie, and Rose Red. The DSP is SU: "Sweet and Sour". Spellbinders dies were used for the circle, scalloped circle and ribbon banner. The sentiment is from the SU set "Sweet Scoops".
Trans Fat 0.0 g
Robert Downey Jr is apparently set to play Perry Mason for Warner Bros. in a new movie – with luck that will help revive interest in the studio’s early adaptations, which at present are officially AWOL on DVD. Some listings erroneously give the 1941 film The Case of the Black Parrot as being a Mason movie, but it isn’t, though it is due out in May as part of the Warner Archive series of MOD releases – which is more than can be said for the Mason series so far. Let’s hope more (real) Mason titles will follow …
i HAVE stuff to say. but i am too tired to get on the computer to say what i want. so i slowly start feeling like i'm mildly schizophrenic, listening to the rambling "mom"ologue in my head.
Psychiatrist (and his wife Peggy Mason)
We ended up selling quite a few things. From about 8:30-10:00, we had a slow, but steady flow of customers. Then, the well ran dry. No one else came. We just sat around in the sun, and chatted. Later, we found out that our signs had blown away - ROFL! No one was coming because no one knew about it - hehehe. Next week, when we try it again, we'll secure our signs a bit more :)
Green Pepper (optional)
DPs: Echo Park
Today, I managed to do some house cleaning, get some computer work done AND managed to make a nice large pot of soup without mucking it up (you can exchange the 'm' for another letter). It is a tasty vegetable soup just packed full of vitamins and goodness.
Reason for Choosing: Well, I was thinking Molly, then I started thinking Holly, then I started thinking I should do a boy name, because I did girl’s names for about a week straight. Then I though of Harvey.
During the discussions earlier, his department's director for safety and security, Zelda Holtzman, said while civil society had a crucial role to keep the government accountable and uphold the rule of law, there were no proper mechanisms in place to do so.
Hurrah for Mrs M and her list of infinite invention. I am a fussy bugger to buy for when it comes to Christmas and birthdays - yet on every occasion she comes up with some kind of wonderful.
Andrea is an assistant pastor’s wife and stay-at-home-mommy in Brooklyn, New York. She is serving the Lord with her husband Ben while they prepare to plant a new church in New York City. Her daughter Elaine is an adorable 2 years old, and Nolan is a rambunctious 9 month old bundle of trouble! Andrea also enjoys blogging at Random Issues, Polished Palaces, and Doable Diapers. She is a recovering Pinterest addict, loves snow storms, walks in the park, Starbucks, a good read, playing the piano, and anything paper-crafting.
Sleep took over as I stared blankly into nothingness that filled the dark room.
Most of you probably know this one - if you're using double sided tape to stick the box together, run a glue stick along the tape as it makes it repositionable for a while until you get it together neatly.
I wrote a first draft that, of course, needed a lot of work. I am lucky to have a superb agent who gave it a very constructive critique. I went back to the drawing board and literally restructured the book by cutting up pages and reorganising them, adding bits and subtracting others. I did several redrafts before publication, and once it had been acquired, I worked on further improvements with Templar editors.
It's Collab week and the Theme for this weeks Challenge is Wedding/or Sympathy. The Kit will be available in the store for the entire month of July. You can get it for free with any $10.00 purchase. It's also one of the prizes for this week!
As of last night, police said that 388 arrests were made.
But, I am not a "jump right in" kind of girl.
The trafficking of young boys from the Punjab desert areas to the Gulf States to ride as camel jockeys has received much recent media attention. Small children have been typically targeted for this sport as they are light and the screams they produce, spurs the camel to run faster. Due to some of the push factors involved in migration (e.g. abject poverty, unemployment), parents become compliant with plans. Children are reported to have suffered various and severe abuses, being made to work seven days a week, to sleep in cramped conditions with other children on the floor, they are sometimes beaten, burned, deprived of food and sexually assaulted. They are prone to kidney infections and STDs. During the race, many children die of fear, they may lose balance and get trampled on by the camels, or get dragged along. The use of such young children in this sport has now been banned in the UAE although it is still thought to occur.
It’s been over seventy years. How’s that coming along?
And just grow up
At heart I am a simple chap with realistic expectations. Hence, when I witnessed a man with a severed arm wade into a swamp to punch a shark last year in the hilariously dire Shark Night 3D, I’d assumed I’d seen the best of what Hollywood had to offer from the file marked ‘unlikely fight-backs from chaps with missing appendages’. But no. Here I got so see a man with no legs punch teeth out of an aliens face. Which, I think we can all agree, would be worth the admission fee alone in most cases. And to be honest I did not leave the cinema feeling like I’d wasted my money, because Battleship was one of the unintentionally funniest films I think I’ve ever seen.
For the most part, Debut is a collection of love songs. Some are inspired by flesh-and-blood passion (Björk croons the jazz standard 'Like Someone in Love', her voice cradled in harp and swoony strings). Others are about being in love with life or with her own bizarre fantasy world. There's one exception to the joyous vibe, the foreboding 'Human Behavior' (the first single off the album). Over an ominous rhythm track that sounds like thunderous tympani, Björk draws a disconcerting parallel between the beastliness of humanity and the bestiality of nature.
And makes us shiver
As a Christian I do not agree with our President. I did not vote for him from the beginning and would never vote arrogance into the office of a servant/leader. I do not agree with the direction he is taking our country. I truly feel he is leading us into bondage and slavery (ironic?) rather than protecting our freedoms. I do not like the man personally and never would choose to befriend him or be around him (I won’t even add his name to my spell check dictionary) but I am distraught at some of the ways I see other Christians treating the office of the Presidency.
So in order to keep myself from going mad, I have been refinishing some second hand furniture. I got these two side tables from the thrift store located in my old neighbourhood (where daughter and family now lives) for just over $10 the pair and I have painted them. I am very pleased with the end result. I picked up an old sewing machine table at the side of the road and that is my next project.
They have made a come back and I must say I am ready for them!
An organization’s culture includes establishing role awareness and team atmospheres. To establish roles, many of the NPDs clearly described and published the roles within their organizations: developing role-specific objectives, procedures, and who you are managed by and held accountable to. NPDs state creating a culture was difficult, but improving the quality of their time together helped build the culture; researchers did not further investigate how the culture was built.
Spelling is a wild kingdom, but I like to play there.
Lay up for yourselves treasures in Heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. (Matthew 6:20)
Sitting here while all the babies snooze, listening to their tiny snores, makes me ponder.
is an amalgamation of Goethe’s and Mann’s writings. This is obvious because it is stated in the credits of the film. What is not stated and has to be distinguished by the knowledgeable viewers is how Sokurov and his trusted screenplay writer Yuri Arabov have transformed Goethe’s and Mann’s writing further just as Kozintsev and Nobel Prize winner Boris Pasternak reworked Shakespeare’s King Lear. For Goethe, Faust was essentially a scientist who craves for knowledge and power signs a pact with the Devil to gain these “unattainable limits.” For Mann, Leverkuehn/Faust was a man who wilfully contracts syphilis to be become mad and thus more creative, more respected and adored, and thus more powerful. Satan appears to the syphilitic/mad composer and both sign a pact similar to the works of Marlowe and Goethe. Sokurov and Arabov create a character Mauricius Mueller that represents Mephistopheles, an amalgam of the three literary versions (though there is no official credit to Marlowe in the film).
Thus, in no apparent order except alphabetical because that's how they appear on my DVD shelf:
("This is the story of how I became a spotted leopard, he said...")
In Midnight in Paris the protagonist played by Owen Wilson is a writer with a love of nostalgia. Paris 2010 is okay, but to him Paris 1920′s is the golden era of the city. Through cinematic magic he travels back to that desired time and place and eventually becomes attracted to a woman from a time before he was born. What he finds out is that the citizens of that era (the woman in particular) are no more enamoured with their time than he is with his own. To her the golden era of Paris was before the assimilation of the automobile. Horses and carriages were a more romantic means of transportation than the 1920′s automobiles she was used to, though those very same automobiles were beautiful and quaint in the eyes of the protagonist. Woody Allen’s conclusion at the end of the movie is that there is no golden era when most things were good and lovely and so you should make the most of the place and time you live in. For Allen this would probably be chalked up to a world philosophy, but as a Christian I recognize in his discernments a parallel to something we find in the Bible.
David Davis is reported to have approvingly repeated a description of the partnership between Cameron and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg as “Brokeback Coalition”, which he attributed to another senior Tory.
A “top – down” approach to selling our accounts will allow us to manage the account in two directions. In a vertical direction, we can flow from one level of company officer to another with little to no difficulty. In a horizontal direction, we can easily flow from one department manager to another also with little difficulty, due to the fact that we started at or near the top of the organizational chart when we first penetrated the account. If I know the owner or President of a company and that person suggests that I introduce myself to his or her Vice President or Operations Manager, this starts me on the road to sales success in the account.
Kelsey Finkelstein is fourteen and FRUSTRATED. Every time she tries to live up to her awesome potential, her plans are foiled – by her impossible parents, her annoying little sister, and life in general. But with her first day of high school coming up, Kelsey is positive that things are going to change. Enlisting the help of her three best friends — sweet and quiet Em, theatrical Cass, and wild JoJo — Kelsey gets ready to rebrand herself and make the kind of mark she knows is her destiny.
Another day of the I'm Hearing Voices Blogfest. Today our task is to introduce two of our characters using strictly dialogue. I'm featuring the character Bulsara again. But while his interview on Monday would have been accurate before the events of the story I am writing, this bit of dialogue would take place after. Let me know what you think. Without further ado...
Goldstein (right, with Fullilove in photo by Tracy Collins) said there have been “a few standout politicians,” citing James and state Senator Velmanette Montgomery, but said he didn’t have much faith in government.
I hadn’t even arrived home when the lab called me to tell me that the egg was degenerated and therefore unusable. So today I am 0-3
Supplies: Glitz Design "Happy Travels" Papers Glitz Design "Happy Travels" Glitzers Glitz Design Teeny alphas Glitz Design "Happy Travels" Epoxy Stickers Other: Cardstock: Creative Memories Lace cardstock: S.E.I Patterned Paper: Hambly Prints Transparency: Hambly Prints Pearls: Zva Creative Bling: Zva Creative Button: Epiphany Crafts Baker's Twine: Scrap Pantry (Etsy) Button tool: Epiphany Crafts Tag punch: Creative Memories Heart punch: Creative Memories Die cutting machine: Cricut Cartridge: Hannah Montna 2" Spray mist: Tattered Angels Thanks for stopping by today and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
Since then, things have been pretty great. I’m able to maintain healthy sexual relationships and as time goes on it gets easier for me to trust people. But sometimes, I still show symptoms of the immense psychological damage that rape can do. The worst are the flashbacks. I’d gone months without one, but in the last week I’ve been having vivid flashbacks while having sex with my boyfriend.
Just throw whatever you want in here - anything you're trying to use up the last of. I do think that the tomatoes kind of make it, though. I've been big into roasted slices of tomatoes lately so maybe that's just me.
Let's have another example this time using the C minor scale:
We started out the day with breakfast and a cup of espresso with hawaij and steamed milk. Hawaij is a Yemenite spice recipe that you can read more about in this post: Hawaij – spice blend from Yemen
Genre: YA
Carol Sue
We decide we’d like to spend our last afternoon just as we spent our first afternoon in Muscat, eating lunch at the Odyssey Restaurant at the Oman Dive Center. We sit outdoors on their patio overlooking a little cove; we can see lots of tourists sunbathing on the beach. We arrived a little too early to order a glass of wine or a beer as they have some ridiculous rule about not serving alcohol until 3:00 on a Friday.
Oh, well... in a few weeks, I'll be pulling my canoe down from the top of the shed in preparation for a fishing trip to Algonquin Park. Algonquin Park in May won't be quite as warm as Oman or Arizona, but it will much more green.
We hopped onto HWY 280, took the HWY 85 North interchange and exited on Shoreline Blvd. to visit our next stop...
The Cradle Schedule
You’re going to see new faces and a totally different story coming out on your TV sets soon.
Only as the case collapsed did Roberts evolve into the thesis that "a story doesn't have to rise to the level of a crime to rise to the level of a column." That statement, of course, is clearly true. But even a column has to be factually accurate; and even a columnist can't rewrite what she has already published. That Roberts still refuses to acknowledge her factual errors in the initial column, and continues to mislead the public about the specific thesis of her initial work on the case speaks volumes about her credibility.
Much love to all
An abbey ale... brewed with Belgian sugar... by a macro brewer. What the Hell, I like Budweiser, we'll see if this is any good.
thank
"In my opinion, the men created an intimidating presence at the entrance to a poll," he declared. "In all my experience in politics, in civil rights litigation and in my efforts in the 1960s to secure the right to vote in Mississippi ... I have never encountered or heard of another instance in the United States where armed and uniformed men blocked the entrance to a polling location."
Little did I know that my little sister would help me through my hard times, make me laugh when I was down, inspire me, entertain me, and at times she was even my big sister.
But context: I don't think he was even close to the best player in the American League in either of the years he won the MVP (1996 was particularly galling). He was a terrible defensive player and indifferent base runner. He was essentially done at 32, though he managed to milk a couple more big contracts from saps like the Kansas City Royals after he had no more interest in playing baseball.
My lunch break from work was always some ungodly great escape, but no great escape could ever top my weekly forays down Broadway in DTLA (Downtown LA). No lover of Mexican culture, I was nevertheless in awe of all the cool shops down this heavily Latinized section of town. I'd walk down the hill from 1st Street and cut over past all the bridal dress shops - teenage brides served daily! - and head over to The Bradbury Building. It's weird stepping in there and seeing those legendary staircases and balconies where Darryl Hannah attacked Harrison Ford in "Blade Runner" and the immortal Edmond O'Brien facing down his killer in "D.O.A." Brilliant. It's also home to the classiest-looking Subway I've ever eaten at. Next door is the world's oldest men's barber supply store. You can actually pick your favorite straight razors and shaving cream brushes; the selection is incredible.
Vegetables should be cold and crisp. Cut spinach into shreds with a sharp scissors. Cut head lettuce with a sharp knife. Grate carrots. Combine all ingredients but carrots and mix very lightly but thoroughly using two forks. Do not stir. Add the carrots and toss two or three times only. Serve. 4 servings.
I hope you can now pack the majority of the items of your house. You are able to hire one of the Vadodara Packers Movers to pack delicate and high home appliances because they are difficult to end up being packed. Vadodara dependent moving agencies possess professionally educated green bay packers who can easily as well as securely pack most of the things for the home. Most of the Packers Movers Vadodara provide all kinds of moving. They offer residential moving, commercial moving, shop transferring, commercial moving, etc. They offer each complete moving and customised moving according to require and need for the customers.
Hold your breath
Confirmed again on Sunday was my non negotiable to live in or near a major city. While out walking I simply turned a corner and happened upon a street fair in DC, and was overhwelmed by just how thrilled my each and every sense was. Smells of jerk chicken and freshly-cut orchids and funnel cake traded places in the air. The sounds of a band competed with laughter, a vendor praising the virtues of his Lo Mein, and the occasional police siren. The colors of the faces in the crowd were too numerous to count. There was hardly any room to move between tables, and I brushed nearly every second against a stroller (I know) or a newly-purchased bouquet or an political volunteer with a flyer sure to sway me. And so I sat in the last patch of remaining pavement and soaked in a bbq pulled pork sandwich, a book, and a little bit of the beauty of my city.
Spokesperson: 'Well I always give 5% towards service and 5% for the food.I don't have any issue at all with the service so we should leave 5%'
qbano
Get to know our sister company, Living Earth LLC.
DMC Thread
attending church worship with parents on Sundays, once a week
Yes, the word "plan" seems to have a sense of continuity. I like it.
**Edited 4/8/09**
I serve my own sentence, I the accused, I the judge, jury and executioner.
_____Sometimes I wish I had an INTERESTING, and EXCITING job like maybe being the person who test toys....NO, not THAT kind of toys!!!!!
understand the “whys” of the past
First the layouts....the 1st 2 are layouts I did for try-outs for DT, which I never got on....bar one (will keep you guessing....)
What someone like Russell did - and does, because films do not become past tense because their director dies - was to make the kind of films that had been made before but to take off their blinders and belts, to give them the full room to breathe that they had long been panting toward. To peel back the wet blanket veil and not restrict ornate set pieces to a space through which one passes, but to hang out in them, to scream and make a racket, to wrestle with it and get sweat on the carpet, to let the eyes embedded in the breasts glance around, to stand shoulder to shoulder with Witchfinder General and declare that if one wants to make a historical film about a dark past, one better make damn sure that film is as darkly ornamented, lurid, and self-contradictory as the very history it faces then and now.
thy God doth drive them out from before thee.
2. Sucker Punch – Warner Brothers can have a very supportive relationship with some of its directors (that’s why Clint Eastwood has been with them for so many decades). After Christopher Nolan made them huge piles of money with his Batman films, they were willing to fund his passion projects. After The Dark Knight, he basically got a giant fucking budget to do whatever he felt like. That movie was Inception and was my favorite of 2010. After the successes of Dawn of the Dead, 300, and Watchmen, Warner Brothers decided to try the same thing with Zack Snyder. The result was Sucker Punch. It looked like it would be fan boy’s wet dream with hot girls, ninjas, steam punk Nazi zombies, dragon and hot girls. Instead it was an incoherent mess with too many different levels of fantasy and reality (including one completely superfluous fantasy level where the mental hospital is like a brothel?) and an ending that is supposed to be a twist or something but is really just stupid. Snyder’s next movie is The Man of Steel and I’m hoping that he can pull Superman off as long as someone else does the writing.
I walk in high yellow boots. Deliberate
Colin is in such a heart breaking situation. He has tragically lost his wife in child birth and as a result refuses to open his heart to anyone else, even his daughter. Emily has been in love with Colin for a long time. She knows she needs to break through to Colin to make him see that they are right for each other. My heart broke for Colin. What a horrible place to be in. I was so hoping for their HEA, I think Second Chance would have made a great longer story. I wanted more! I was also intrigued by his friends who help get Colin and Emily together. It would be nice to see them show up in another story. Definitely recommend this one. I know I enjoyed it.
YOU SHARED ON FACEBOOK IN OCTOBER AND NOW....
Get to know Larry Lee
Note that staffing peaks at 48. If you do a similar query for JFK in New York, you will find there are hours when CBP has more than 130 booths open. However, there is an obvious problem relative to O’Hare. In Chicago, all international flights come into one terminal, and CBP gets to benefit from the economies of scale in queueing systems. At JFK, CBP’s agent are spread across five different terminals. There are similar issues at Newark and Miami. So one interpretation here is that CBP is being criticized when they are forced to operate in a less than ideal configuration because of how airports were designed.
on the ballot in Virginia
Well, now our challenge will deciding how much more to use the engine when the winds are light. We will want to conserve fuel to use at the most opportune times. We started with just under 100 gallons, which gives us about 200 hours of motoring time. So far we've already used maybe 13 gallons, deciding to take advantage of the opportunity to motor east as much as possible while winds were too light to move us with just the sails. As Tim puts it, we will have to be sailors as much as possible from here on out. Sailing in light wind is a definite skill, especially in a boat as heavy as ours! We've been playing with the spinnaker and our mizzen staysail, and I'm sure we'll get more practice today. We expect the winds to fill in from the east in a day or so and we'll be heading north then, hoping for a smooth crossing.
And as someone who recently had her 35th birthday, this jaunty poem really spoke to me:
1. Do you make your kids finish all the food on their plates?
Our volunteers have helped us accomplish so much already, and they are leading us as we strive to achieve our 2020 Impact Goal.
“They certainly had unique access, insights into people that we could not even see,” said James Cason, a career diplomat who was the top U.S. diplomat in Cuba from 2002 to 2005. Now retired, he recently was elected mayor of Coral Gables, Fla.
PROBLEM: I hate salads. I gag. I mean, really, who gags eating a salad? I don't know what it is, but I've always hated them.
The CBC conference will be the coming together – the first show of “collective might” – for the entire Chemtrails movement. The blending of science, reason and metaphysical understanding is long overdue!
A big day out at the zoo.. where I got carried away with the flamingo's and felt sorry for anything in a cage.
It also tells stories about the people who live there, and the ones who are trying their best to fit in into that building. Just like one of the characters named Lola Fabrikant, who is striving hard just to fit in into the world of the A-Listers. I find her character annoying, since she’s fond of using people just to get what she wants. Yes, that includes James Gooch who is married and has a son.
16 - I'm Gonna Sit Right Down
Lips: Sobe Botanicals lipgloss - Pin Up
Oh, how I'm going to miss Picnik. I tried several other photo editing sites, but they just don't measure up. If anyone knows of a good one, please do tell me. I use PSE 9 for most of my editing but I like the little fun effects I can get so easily with Picnik.
I know you may have been expecting something more spectacular for the last night of Hanukkah, but as I said before, this was a recreation of MY Hanukkahs, and you'll have to wait until after Christmas when everything is on sale to get anything worthwhile. =P
(Go see the movie) and try to get Elizabeth fire and into jail. But the entire movie was about how to get back at Elizabeth so they had to , investigates and come out with the truth of did Elizabeth cheats to get to the top score for her students or did she not cheat?
I guess right now, my biggest struggle is just to enjoy being touched. Strange as that may sound. I am not sure how to go about it or if I am headed in the right path.
"Did any of the three men have one of these flasks on their person when they were found?"
The use of mobile money transfers for remittances and small payments, such as school fees and utility bills, has expanded beyond Kenya. In South Africa, Vodacom recently teamed up with Nedbank to offer the service for domestic transfers. “Vodacom’s existing penetration into the target market was attractive to us,” says Ilze Wagener, an executive at Nedbank.
Abell A, Ernst E, Bonde JPE. Semen quality and sexual hormones in greenhouse workers. Scand J Work Environ Health 2000; 26: 492-500.
All I ever wanted was to walk through the streets.
· Over one lakh persons to be recruited in 2012-13 – backlog of SC/ST/OBC and other
BOERSMA B, RHAMES T, KEEGAN JM. Additional cost savings of an effective employee influenza program on prevention of nosocomial influenza. Am J Infect Control 1999; 27: 177-178.
I am tired of politics, the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the true believers to whom bush and Israel are sacred cows, never to be questioned.
I saw Temper Trap at Somerset House on Monday night! This place is such a great venue and a very well-used city space. This was the first time I had been to one of these Summer Session concerts, I have always wanted to go and couldn't believe my luck in getting tickets when I totally missed them going on sale, again. I always condemn the practice of ticket scalping, but I was seriously considering going back last night to try and get in to see Florence and her fabulous Machine. If they weren't guaranteed to be ridiculously expensive and I hadn't already spent most of this month's pay. But how is it possible that I still have not seen her live?!
Well done!!! Be free to grab our Top 3 Banner on the side bar :-)
Now that the life-or-death STAAR test is done in the class I work in, less academic matters have taken over the classroom. Right now, we are focusing on nutrition. In addition to keeping a food log, we are watching Super Size Me. While the merits of the movie are a matter for a later debate, watching the movie renewed an apparent contradiction I’ve always noticed with increasing awareness about healthy eating: we are simultaneously telling people (children, mostly) 1) Americans are unhealthy, we need to be more conscious about what we eat, we need to exercise, and 2) Don’t obsess about trying to look like the air-brushed models in those magazines, we are all beautiful, don’t worry too much about body image. I think both points are valid: people should be more concerned about their physical health – which includes nutrition as well as being active by means of walking more or just outright exercise. People also should stop worrying about the two pounds of arguably excess fat on their bodies, the extra hair on whatever, or how they wish they were .00001 shades less pale than they are. I suppose girls tend to be more bombarded with pressure about body image (though don’t think for a second males don’t worry about their appearance) so I don’t totally understand the pressure for a more-perfect body.
I'm just a girl,
with the hope I could “do” her
What is that nibbling and scrabbling noise?
A lot of the vegan scone recipes I looked at used olive oil or a butter replacement. I would definitely like to try it with olive oil next time, maybe in a savoury version of the scone with some fresh rosemary but I wanted this to be sweet. I went with coconut oil as my choice of fat as it has a slightly sweet coconut flavour and a buttery texture when it’s cold out of the jar. I wanted to see how it behaved in baking too. It turned out really well. You don’t miss the butter at all.
He leaves her in a heap beside the bar
In 1st category, there are persons of political power, money powe, and muscles power,who are managing every thing. All these persons are inter linked and getting done things of their choice..They are at the crooks of corruption.
This makes no sense at all.
“Devoted pah!” interrupted Cécile. “You know what she did? She sat on a chair with her legs wide open and wearing no knickers. She allowed the camera to film so everyone could see her bush. What kind of woman does such a thing?”
I know I can’t fly.
Amy, Peter, Alicia, and the others introduced in The Passage work with a cast of new characters to hunt the original twelve virals… unaware that the rules of the game have changed, and that one of them will have to sacrifice everything to bring the Twelve down.
Unfortunately in such a short story the change in Taj just didn’t ring true for me. The ending felt as though it came on too suddenly and was too formulaic. I also couldn’t really bring myself to like or care about the characters and their predicament. I feel that if Yates had a full-length novel in which to work on Taj’s personality and change in perspective then it may have felt more authentic.
20. Pretentious Assholes - Servitude
There is a Super Museum in Metropolis now. I've not been to this one, but I have been to the now-defunct much larger Superman Museum which was also in the city.
The paed isn’t too worried yet, but suggested he go to school or attend language skewed classes (as opposed to say gymnastics skewed ones), and also advised that if by 2 years 3 months he doesn’t start speaking in phrases we might want to consider sending him for speech therapy. Another interesting thing she mentioned was to try and stick to just one language for now, until he starts picking it up more. For children progressing well, of course 2 languages at an early age is fine.
A similar process occurs in art as the idea or a scene is transformed through human imagination and emotion till it becomes a work of art: transformed reality.
For lunch I ate a ground-up nut mixture that contained carrots, celery, onions, garlic, and seasoning. I’m avoiding wheat products this week, so I wrapped it in lettuce leaves and had it with Gouda cheese:
Remember, the greatest deceiver is not the devil, it is us. Ask God to reveal your heart, so He can begin cleaning out those areas that are holding back God’s greatest blessing from your life. It is not the most comfortable experience, but when you are clear and clean, it is the most fulfilling.
You’d laugh and say ‘nothing’s that simple’
Unfortunately, because of her difficulties with language Juli left school without any qualifications. Soon after she met and married her husband, Graeme, and they have been together now for over 22 years and they have 5 children, ages ranging from 21 to 7 years. When she was in her twenties Juli had to have her jaw re-aligned - the spasms caused by the cerebral palsy had taken their toll and pulled her face out of line.
All paintings are (will be) 30x 40. That seemed big to me until I actually started painting the animals!
This weakness of will for which modern Westerners are famous for castigating themselves (and others), is based on the same fallacious assumption that drives the rationality illusion, the idea that conscious-verbal thinking is in control. In order to use this portion of our brains to manage our own behavior, individually and collectively, we must understand what the elephant in the metaphor is and what it wants. Only then can we begin the process of retraining the elephant and restructuring our lives to produce sustainable behaviors.
Just wanted to let you know why I haven't been blogging recently. Over the weekend I was helping my mother-in-law move out of the home my wife's family lived in for over 40 years (and helping finish off a sixtel of Victory Sunrise Weiss), and there was no Internet connectivity. Monday morning I left at 6 AM for Pittsburgh, visiting Roy-Pitz Brewing, Red Star, and City Brewing on the way to an event at the Teutonia Mannerchor in the evening.
Long, long ago I loved one particular man fiercely, and that love went on for years. We spent quite a lot of time together, but we never, ever touched. Not in passing, not on purpose. That’s kind of hard to do– think about all the times you lay your hand on someone’s arm, or hug them, or shake their hand, in the most casual and platonic manner. When we were talking (and God, we talked a lot) the air seemed to shimmer around us. People noticed. I never touched him. He never touched me. I don’t know if we were afraid that once we crossed that threshold that we wouldn’t be able to stop, or if we would spontaneously combust. Or both. It’s all long over now, but the question still hangs. I’m not sure if you can help yourself in those situations though– do we even choose them? And certainly you can decide with whom you will take off your clothes and fall into bed.
That’s the power of cheese. Sometimes when I eat a cheese it prompts a memory. Music does this for me too. I’ll hear a song and it will remind me of a place I visited, or a person I was with. Maybe that’s weird, but that’s me. None-the-less the Blue Haze cheese had me thinking about canoeing, camping and Algonquin Park.
The words gave me the strength and the frame of mind to carry on.
Enter cute Jan Di, who works at a porridge restaurant and is daughter to a humble family which owns a dry cleaner. She is accepted into Shin Hwa on a swimming scholarship and has to deal with a world she has only seen from afar. From the start, she faces the scrutiny of the entire school, who consider her an outcast. The boys from F4, who are demigods in this school, take an instant dislike to her. But through her charm and undying optimism, she tries to slowly win the hearts of everyone around her. And of course, a few of the boys will fall for her. Boys from the F4.
We just had one really big problem with getting the girls to the car. We had to turn in the double stroller and were just left with the one. We had to wake Lyric up to walk-thankfully she was groggy, but okay with it. Story and Cadence on the other hand both lost it when we woke them up! They both screamed for several minutes! I ended up carrying Cadence and Devon pushed Story in the stroller. They were both miserable while we waited for the ferry! Luckily, they calmed down on the ferry ride. We then had to catch the tram to drive us to our car. By the time we made it to the car we were all exhausted!
I held the mower to a four inch height. Now we’ll see if the calves quit grazing so quickly across the field.
Featured on:
My first stop was Reggie’s urban garden, Pacific Apparel. It is the smallest farm that Dig Deep has, but it is becoming very productive. Reggie and the farm manger, Jesse, tell me how hard it was to get this garden started. Underneath the beds there is hard gravel, and the soil is mostly compost. I ask, “Isn’t compost good for the plants?” Well, apparently it does not like to absorb water: “Compost can be really hydrophobic,” Jesse says. Reggie and the crew not only have to water daily, but also turn the soil at least two times a week so that the water will get down to the plants’ roots!
It took a while to get that wall down… some of the pieces needed some extra muscle to get rid of… and every now and again I still trip over pieces of that wall that I have over looked…. but…. with my Faith In God…and His Faithfulness to me…. those walls are almost down to good soil, tilled and ready to receive the Love of God and everything that goes with that… Trusting Him… the strength of my heart…. Psalm 73:26
We provide the following services:
17-18 Berserker BEST OF DRAGON VOLUME II, WHITE DWARF 19
Like this. This is good. It was here before. It's here again, because it's good. Really good.
Thanksgiving is a special holiday for me. I get to see my mom make pies, moan loudly about her pie crusts, and see Rose think she makes everything perfect. There is sometimes when she does, then the others she is praising herself, she thinks her egg and cream were mixed together by the hand of… I don’t know… Sidney Crosby? Then, I look into the bowl and see globs of egg yolk mixed with cream. But I stay quiet, walk out of the steaming hot kitchen and shake my head and cackle at her funny behavior.
My girl who sings her prayers and gets so excited for Mike to read her the next chapter of whatever book they're on.
Intelligent Environments said around half of smartphone owners would make NFC payments if the service was available. “Businesses need to provide compelling and intuitive mobile applications that bring convenience and simplicity to consumers’ lives,” Richards said.
You get the idea: stitch a stem, put stuff on it, impress yourself! It's just so versatile. Step by step instructions on how to stitch the basic branching pattern (still my favorite) are here.
Bruce Springsteen Born to run US
It would be inappropriate to fail to mention that the title of this blog was inspired by Jen Yates' wonderfully hilarious "Cake Wrecks". I only hope that I can come anywhere near to as entertaining. :D Stay tuned for the horror and hilarity!
In Certified Copy, we watch a British writer (opera singer William Shimell) and a French antiques dealer (Juliette Binoche, in a virtuoso performance) spend a great deal of time talking with one another and wandering around Tuscany. At first, they seem like strangers, but by the end, they interact as if they were a married couple. It's not the case that the "true" nature of their relationship is progressively revealed to us, superseding previous iterations. Rather, every face their relationship presents to us feels equally "real." It's rather fitting that the plot of Certified Copy revolves around a relationship, a bond that only exists between two individuals, with one foot planted in each person's subjectivity. No one half of a couple can unilaterally claim ownership of the relationship -- relationships exist only in the space between people. The experience of Certified Copy exists only in the space between the phenomena and images of the film and our ever-fluctuating perception of and response to them.
“What about the party? Don’t they have any consideration for the party?” I ventured to ask.
So we hurried long past the Dart Throw and the Ring Toss, the guy who could guess your age and the one who could guess your weight. Well the cheese grater and vegetable slicer was wonderful in their own way. Won! Won a plastic poodle. A sawdust-stuffed velour bear. A white stuffed weenie dog! Now fightin’ our way through the crowd, past the rides. Past the Tilt-a-whirl, wormin’ our way past the Ferris wheel, and sideways past the merry-go-round. Past the con games. Pretty hot still in the midday sun. Who wouldn’t pay to see a fetus in a bottle or the freaks with extra toes or the cow with an extra head. Elsie the Cow, where was she?
They sent a whole team of physicists over here about 12 years ago, 14 years ago, and I actually consulted with them, and he’s still looking for a natural explanation, but he’s convinced that these lights do maintain this form, and he doesn’t know how they do that. He thinks there may be some kind of electromagnetic “bottle” formed. But in terms of what we know that’s as far-fetched as saying there’s some kind of life form that has this luminous energy body.
Today, I am joining Marty @ A Stroll Thru Life for the Egg-zellent Spring Party. She is hosting the Easter/Spring Cloche Party and I thought I would share a few of my cloches that I have placed throughout my home.
Side Jobs by Jim Butcher - 418 pages
If you have a complaint, you are dependent upon your neighbor to handle it. Keep in mind that the neighbor volunteering as a Board member will likely have limited experience, if any, with operating the nuances of a high rise building/community association. Things will move more slowly, if at all. Budgets will no longer receive developer funding if shortfalls exist. The focus usually becomes one of controlling the expenses. Aspects of the purchased “lifestyle” begin to be ignored.
Should Hollywood ever make a movie from an H.P. Lovecraft story?
Feel free to grab a Pinterest Pinning Party Button to help spread the word. Happy Pinning!
Maldon sea salt flakes
The cost of the military exercises which began on Wednesday has been budgeted within the overall one billion pound security budget, the Ministry of Defence said, without giving a further breakdown.
All the boys are damaged from their childhoods, but they care about each other deeply. Beth Ackerley is a young widow who, through circumstances and sheer pluck, has risen from impoverished beginnings to have a tidy fortune. She is kind, beautiful and a little lonely, and has recently become engaged. Ian takes one look at her at the opera and decides to clue her in on the true nature of her fiancee, giving her a few breathless kisses for good measure. Beth breaks off her engagement after convincing herself that Ian was just playing with her and decides to celebrate her new freedom by living it up a little in Paris, where Ian just happens to be visiting his brother, Mac. Naturally, Ian takes up his pursuit of Beth, particularly after she moves in with Mac’s estranged wife Isabella, who also happens to be in Paris.
to the dealership. Not going to stress but going to focus on my little
A BUPA spokeswoman issued a statement: “We referred the incident to the local authority safeguarding team at the time and they decided not to refer it to the police.
The meal didst skin me, but I am grateful at £38.
We’ve been down this road before
A beautiful hunting/trapping/escaping set up.
"Tonight," they all said, "ah, tonight how the tree will shine!"
Enough chit chat.
They say with their actions time after time
What did they find? Serial patent litigants, and particularly NPE's (aka "trolls"), for a lack of a better phrase, "get creamed" when they go to trial:
-Start with organic ingredients
A common engineering crew for a ship includes:• (1) Chief Engineer• (1) Second Engineer / First Assistant Engineer• (1) Third Engineer / Second Assistant Engineer• (1-2) Fourth Engineer / Third Assistant Engineer• (0-2) Fifth Engineer / Junior Engineer• (1-3) Oiler (unlicensed qualified rating)• (0-3) Greaser/s (unlicensed qualified rating)• (1-5) Entry-level rating (such as Wiper (occupation), Utilityman, etc.) American ships also carry a Qualified Member of the Engine Department. Other possible positions include Motorman, Machinist, Electrician, Refrigeration Engineer, and Tankerman. Steward’s department.
Of course, the blogger makes some valid points, at least with regard to obfuscation. For example, the official website for Atlantic Yards claims the project would create 15,000 construction jobs, but that is measured in "job years" -- meaning, 1,500 jobs a year for a decade, which is how long it will take to put up its 16 buildings.
Whether it be in Washington , Brussels , New York , Tehran , Beijing , India or any other place with despotic ambitions , we must fight and win this struggle . Like no other war that all who yearn for human liberty have engaged in , this one has the potential for WORLD WIDE liberty , perhaps even in my lifetime . The price of losing will be as high as the potential gains would allude to ….. eternal serfdom … You read that right .
Did you hear that? That was the sound of my back groaning at the thought of all that yard work. But did you see that? That was me smiling at the thought of it.
and maybe, just maybe, I have found a key to help me unlock the
Then we have Caroline Bryant organising a charity gig on Sunday 4th March at Forest & Oceans Bar in Staines. The Facebook event page is here
According to this hypothesis, sources from the Civil Guard informed that the alleged perpetrator could have introduced the pieces of broken glass in the boxes during the process of harvest, between the cutting of the vegetables on the field and its subsequent transfer to the processing compound.
Stir in 1/2 tsp fajita seasoning and 1/8 tsp salt. Cool.
So, because of this, people don’t give it much thought when Crow and his followers come strolling into the hospital to conduct their business. Since there are one hundred and fifty beds or so in the hospital, they have a lot of ground to cover. That’s why it was decided that they should split up; so that they can be more effective in their search by covering more ground. Each of them has a cell phone on them, so if one of them happens to come across Shannon’s room, he’ll be able to contact the other two.
I cant believe I´m now going to be working alongside some of the most talanted crafters in blogland on one more team :) I´m honored to be one of you and I can´t wait to get to know you all a bit better.
gradually lost … and the crew on an expedition at the beginning of the 20th century did not know how to treat an ailment that had been successfully cured over 100 years earlier
On July 21, 1954, construction on the park began. It was a momentous undertaking to build Main Street, Adventureland, Frontierland, Fantasyland, and Tomorrowland in only one year. The total cost of building Disneyland would be $17 million.
This week I also tried this great beef broccoli crock pot meal. I have to be honest too. I am not a great cook or do I really enjoy cooking. I am testing these things to see how they turn out for someone like me. So far it has not been terrible.
I'll pause to my God and give thanks
You are mine…
Its also what Anderson himself called PDL in interviews. Critics often read this as implying that the star had been molded into an art house formula, but really Punch-Drunk Love is an exercise in Anderson’s own reinvention of the pre-existing genre conventions in which Sandler thrived.
Her career as a floral still-life artist started after a successful career as a miniture portaitist, and was very successful with having annual exhibitions that were well attended.
06: Without Jah Nothin'- 2:17
I had a privilege to work with great people last March. I was invited by an acquaintance friend for a photo-shoot at Dasma. A special thanks to Alfonso for allowing us to use his humble home for the location of our shoot.
LAUXANIID FLIES AND MIDGE (above right)
Now before doing a few calculations tonight, I've never heard the simple fact that even though the Thruway spends $30 million a year to maintain the bridge, and that number is rising every year, the tolls bring in $50 million. It's not the bridge budget that's in danger, it's the millions of toll dollars that get sent upstate and to Wall Street. Conceivably, the Thruway Authority could simply keep using the tolls to pay bridge maintenance, and the rest of the Thruway can go whistle. Maintaining a badly designed bridge in an ill-chosen location might not be the best use of the money, but building a new, wider bridge in the same place sure ain't.
Oh no, I thought, please, please do not show her the notebook. Marlene whipped out the notebook. Riva’s eyes glittered. Shit, I thought.
I would gladly kick his ass myself. KICK IT. MYSELF.
“Was really nice of you to invite me out, I would have missed a beautiful day like this cooped up at my desk de-coding codes for the coders!” He chuckled at his own joke which made her smile at his goofiness.
Oh. So something about that baby being born way back then has something to do with me not fearing. Well, sure. I know, He is my Savior so on the Last Day when I stand at Judgement I don't need to fear because Christ saved me from my sins. But what about today? What about everyday between now and then?
YMEFO Blog (ymefoblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Wednesday was Lourve day, so Cam and I got up extra early to catch the Metro to be there before the crowds when the museum opened. I love love love art history, and have been looking forward to coming to the Louvre forever, so I was really excited. Luckily Cam is really on top of things and ordered us Paris Museum Passes before we left the States. These passes allow you get into almost all the museums in Paris, and they allow you to skip the ticket line, which we had heard was key for the Lourve. We got there @ 8:30am and took some pictures in the courtyard, and watch the ticket lines build in anticipation for the museum's 9am opening. We went to the entrance for people with museum passes, and were one of the first people in line, however, more and more people who also had museum passes began lining up behind us. The problem was that everyone who had these museum passes thought that they didn't have to wait in line, but lots of people had the pass and everyone has to go thru security, so even museum passholders have to wait. However, a lot of people weren't understanding that and were trying to cut in line, and one thing that bothers me more than anything else is when people cut in line! I was basically having a panic attack because it was so chaotic and I was getting mad that people were just cutting in line, whereas my calm husband kept going up to the line cutters and politely telling them that we all had museum passes and there was a line. It was basically just a zoo until we finally got in the museum! Once we got inside, we headed straight for the Mona Lisa, and didn't have to wait in line to see her at all, which was really neat, because wee had heard that sometimes there are huge lines to see it. It's just a small painting, but it was really cool to see such an iconic image in person.
Party Details: Each kid had their own individual "gingerbread" house to decorate which my husband made using Graham Crackers and hot glue. I made aprons for each of the kids using some of the images from the party package. And finally after the kids created their masterpieces they were each given a gingerbread gable box to take home some of the sweet treats.
This is a great gluten-free recipe...and enjoyed by all! It's super easy to make...no electric mixer needed. I hope you make a pan full of yum soon!
Twitter: @StrikeGazAdPres
Kavkaz Center
Students can, however, sue. Two have joined eleven of their teachers in federal court to challenge the state law that prompted the book ban. The new law outlaws courses organized around ethnic themes or that promote “resentment toward a race or class of people.” That means resentment against white people. Which wipes out not only most American literature but most American history too.
The sunshine really had brought the bikers out in their droves and by the time we had completed our first loop of the 7 mile Verderers’ trail the car park was full. There were extra cars parked wherever there wasn’t space, the picnic tables were heaving with pre-ride and post-ride chatter and the array of bikes on show was an enthusiast’s dream, everything from single speed rigid steel through to full on £3k+ full sus.
It's our 4th Wedding anniversary this month, which means we've been together now for 12 years. So I thought I'd share with you the story of how I met my husband...
"It's like a village here, and everyone knows everyone else. People don't want anyone to know they're voting for the referendum," Wohlwend said.
Fanny M. Espinoza, 29, Teaneck, N.J.
I had not as yet seen any sign of Van Gogh. Now I crooned to him, "Hey, guy, I'm here. Come on out."
Another NATO air strike blew up two fuel tankers hijacked by the Taliban in the northern province of Kunduz, Afghanistan, killing 90 people, mostly civilians.
untouched.
“You can tell the Bible guys in the hall they can come back now because I’m done beating up the Bible,” Savage said as other students hollered and cheered. “It’s funny as someone who is on the receiving end of beatings that are justified by the Bible how pansy-assed people react when you push back.”
which was held last Saturday
I really need to get more fit!
May God The Father and Our Lord Jesus Christ, The Father’s Son, give me grace, mercy, and peace; may they be mine in truth and love, Amen!
Hello, my crafty friends! Today I have instructions for the Birthday Candle Shaped Tag that I posted during the Stamp Release Party.
LD ADVOCATE. A world-class lacrosse player and Johns Hopkins graduate is focusing on athletics as a way to help kids with LDs succeed. Paul Rabil, who has auditory processing disorder, was featured in an article about the Washington, DC, Lab School for kids with LDs. Also featured in the article is a Pulitzer Prize-winning former "dummy table" occupant, Philip Schultz, who learned about his own dyslexia when his second-grade son received a diagnosis. Read the article.
Congratulations!! Contact Everyday Mama within 48 hours to claim your prize. If Everyday Mama is not contacted within 48 hours, another winner will be drawn.
indoors". Where boys go wild in the streets, girls more often
Since it is a busy quilt, with lots of pattern in the fabric on the front. I did a loose swirly all over pattern in the center, using a green cotton Aurifil 50 weight thread on the top and Superior Bottom-Line, almost white thread on the plain white backing.
I decided to do a contest!
Now where the hell did i put my tobacco?……………..the girls ran away giggling………
This will be a posting of what is being said around town, and should be taken as such, coffee shop talk only. Corrections and additions welcome.
Because they cried so much
"There was some sort of restoration underway, and that was its planned use I believe," Auckland Council spokesman Glyn Walters said. The original building, built in 1886, appeared to be sound but the cracks were in two annexes, added in 1889 and 1912.
Kaleidoscopes
Do we always need to have a team spirit in the workplace? What does it actually mean? A culture that once valued experience, honesty, diligence, reliability and maturity has been replaced, in some workplaces at least, with one that rewards conformity, youth, extroversion, enthusiasm and energy. We need a balance between the two and a recognition that a bad team player might nevertheless be a valued employee.
Today is Shakespeare’s deathday, but I guess you don’t usually get cake and presents for that. It’s also potentially Shakespeare’s birthday (ooo I know, I said ‘potentially’ – for more on that controversy, check [insert text here]).
So, to the Beach:
At the beginning of the trail there was another hiker about 50 yards ahead of me and two ladies not far beyond him who veered onto the path to the right not long after I got my first wind. Taking my camera out along the way as good shots presented themselves, I soon found myself alone on the trail. Finding a rock overlooking the water I sat with my own thoughts for twenty minutes or so until a man on a bike passed by and waved and reluctantly I started on my way again. Before long I rounded a corner and he and his bike were leaning against a tree watching a fisherman in the water below. After we exchanged pleasantries, he asked if he could take a few pictures of me against the backdrop of the lake. Really? Now, I’m not usually the suspicious type, but I also didn’t just crawl out from under a turnip leaf so feeling a bit of a prickle on the back of my neck and suddenly feeling a little isolated, I thanked him and said I was meeting my husband a short ways down the trail and had to get going.
It's a multi-trillion dollar question.
Little E is his newish-born daughter Erica.
The bruised toe has caused me to run all gimpy on the treadmill, which in turn has cause all kinds of weird blisters/callouses, skin peeling. I am in dreadful need of an intervention by way of a pedicure. No time for that......
Ms. Sheppard has spoken at several women’s conferences, a parent-teen retreat speaking on abstinence, held her own seminar in September 2010 and held her first single women’s conference in April 2011. Ms. Sheppard currently resides in Alexandria, VA but frequently travels as a motivational speaker to deliver messages of inspiration, transformation and enlightenment to make a lasting impact to audiences everywhere. Ms. Sheppard speaks at workshops, conferences, seminars, book clubs, churches, youth groups and more. To contact Ms. Sheppard, please visit her website at www.iamthechase.com or www.chasingbooks.com for more information about her ministry and book club.
The Lancashire beer list (see below) is firmly within the cask ale paradigm. The festival does include some imported keg beers, as the event is thankfully unconstrained by CAMRA dogma. The Lancashire Cup is open only to the domestic beers.
For those of you who’ve already helped me out with new beers, Kev, Frank, Martin, Molly, Big D, and my folks. THANK YOU so much for helping me so far. A big extra special thanks to daDef for being my Victorian Gopher (not as dignified as Senior VP of Leapbeer Acquisitions but I think it sounds better)
Department of Homeland Security
Trusting myself. One of the hardest things to do. Today I find myself unable to “buy” the explanation T offered me. It does feel like a kind of re-victimization. If something doesn’t work, in this case my therapy with T – it has to be my fault. The reason for its failure has to lie within me. I know I have issues, and plenty of them, I’m just not so sure this is one of them. And frankly, the more I think about it, the more arrogant I think it is of T to just dismiss my concerns and label them transference. To his credit, he did ask me if I could remember him behaving inappropriately – which he hasn’t. Not inappropriately in the true meaning of the word. Just – arrogant. So quick to slap labels on every single little thing.
Here's what you'll have to do:
My dear blogging friends,
A heart open to give you everything inside,
7. Booming business for shops that stayed open
Taking that one step further, a free book can have at most only the 2 Kindle category breadcrumbs/chains associated with it. Don't bother looking for any more.
Still, I'm so happy to have gotten something started! I'll report back as I go along...
As the OWS movement must outgrow its original base it will draw in more working class people. Revolutionary workers fight to bring a working class program to the mobilization and turn the anti-corporate rhetoric into an anti-capitalist understanding of the task at hand. Developing a program to unite the working class and OWS activists in independent political action must commence. To succeed an action program is needed that leads to the creation of class struggle caucuses intent on transforming the unions into class struggle organizations fighting for the historic interests of the entire working class. Independent workers organizations that unite the most oppressed and marginalized people with the ranks of labor and the OWS participants need to be formed.
BG57: This goes with last year's new color, BG53. These are not as bright as the BG40's but more vibrant than BG70's family.
Especially nice for beginners like me are their kits, which come with a pattern and pretty much everything you need to make the item up. My fav is the elephant tea cosy I’ve just started, on the left of the pic.
The creator of the site admits that there are flaws. Obviously, some important people may have been overlooked, while others may fall into more than one ranking category. Also, some metrics, like net worth, have to be estimated. These estimations may decrease the accuracy of the rankings. Regardless or these flaws, Styleite is a tool that every Fashion PR professional should have in his/her toolbox.
Some people see me standing in the playground and look the other way. Some of them are work mates or parents I knew very well. They are not all like that though, by any means.
Label: Gay guy
Now the world is imploding because their economies are in failure, I ask you, what did you expect from an illusion? Don't tell me you bought into the fantasy of unlimited growth. If we are living on a finite planet, with finite resources, for a finite period of say eighty or so years, the entire concept of infinity is meaningless. There is only one infinity and that is the infinity of the Creator. The rest is gibberish, a massive con. Something to do while we breathe in, breathe out. Unfortunately it is a con that is woven from potentially indestructible complexities and doomed to persist until everyone is converted or dead or beaten down never to rise again to expose at last the impossibility of existence in any other medium other than that of impossibly infinite growth. All this worsens in the face of climate chaos. Nothing, not even God, stands in the way, in fact, climate payback empowers greater heights of spectacular hustles as if secretly, in the black heart of the pusher, time is of the essence. Oh, they know. Grab it all while the getting is good because soon enough somebody else will.
She added: “the British Government should support an increase in EU aid, as this report shows delivers improved results.”
Because I got up on stage and practiced this blind faith so many times as a child, it’s become a habit. I believe in the tendency of the Universe to right itself, in the possibility of human kindness and the boundless oddity of life. I believe that someone’s listening, be it God or my mother or the guy at the next table. I don’t live every moment like I’m in the middle of the song, but I try to always live like I’m about to start one – deep breaths, chin up, not thinking about how I look or sound or will feel when I’m done, but simply trusting that I’m about to do something good, unique, precious. I might look like I’m just huddled up in a green chair, trying to cram a bunch of numbers into my brain, but really, I could burst whole-heartedly, awkwardly (since I’m in a library…) into song at any moment.
Well over a billion quid, totally, utterly wasted. A perfect example of how the last Government gaily pissed our money up every fucking wall in sight, and how the money was just so plentiful, so easy to get a slice of, that the lucky recipients didn't even fucking bother to track where it went.
Also the doctor doubled my dose of medication today. 40mg wooo.
How to Personalize the Sabbath Day – Psalm 46:10
-Situational Modifiers
Should you consider or reconsider organizing your brand, planning your posts and figuring out the best keywords, the best audiences to push to, the best ways to build and develop your message so it can be seen online?
- Prevents insurance companies from denying coverage to individuals/family members with pre-existing health conditions; a temporary plan is being developed to cover high-risk individuals with pre-existing conditions until the full reforms go into effect in 2014
Our trail is on the Kimmeridge clay
Trade school or hard science and engineering schools is where one goes if they want to learn for the benefit of a career. Liberal arts classes and majors, like myself, is what someone should be and study if they want to be a thinker rather than a doer. I know this is a broad statement but I think it applies to most undergraduate majors that get the distinction of being called “useless”. They are all majors that are less about actions and more about thoughts. These are the majors that close read, research human behavior, and analyze cultural goods. Majors like media studies or communication are more about the observations of other people and the world at large than they are about the actions of people or of how to do something.
Stamps:Gilli, PTI Mega mixed messages
Despite Second Amendment propaganda, you have no Constitutional recourse of last resort to oppose with force the laws of the (capital letter) United States, including laws such as NDAA (and now HR 347). Which means, of course, that any local militia opposition fantasies are strictly un-Constitutional, by definition.
Before I did not spent a lot of time examining some of these things. Before I took so much granted. It was a safe world. Simpler. Detonated by circumstances things implode or explode. Neither is any fun, but I prefer explode. The field of debris is scattered. Raw and uncomfortable I can survey the rubble strewn around me and choose what I will recover rather than having to dig my way out from under it.
You should eat at home rather than eating in restaurants because food served in restaurants is very oily. Also, you should eat only when you feel hungry. You should not eat every time as it is the habit of some people to eat when they are in stress, nervous and frustration. You should find some other ways to overcome this situation such as involving yourself in sports.
We got a wonderful buy on some frozen haddock fillets last week and I turned to one of my very favorite fish recipes, Fish Fillets with Spinach (or Broccoli). I've been making this recipe for years and it is very quick and easy. Basically, you cook frozen chopped spinach or broccoli, place in the bottom of a baking dish, sprinkle with lemon juice, then put uncooked fish fillets on top, sprinkle with salt, and cover with a cheese sauce, and bake 20 to 30 minutes until the fish is done. You can sprinkle some grated parmesan on in the last 5 minutes if you like. Here is the link to the recipe: Cheesy Fish Fillets with Spinach. I made this with broccoli one day when I was out of chopped spinach. Some of our family members like the recipe even better with the broccoli than with the original spinach.
They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.
A portable, powerful air cleaner with a deep-bed activated carbon filtercan also help control the concentrations of ethylene gas in supermarkets and similar environments.
IN MEDIUM SAUCEPAN, whisk together first 4 chocolate cream ingredients
The name is a more than a little giveaway to what you should expect and if you weren't entirely convinced, a look at the tap sticker reveals a bit too. After a bit of bigging around on the internet I've discovered it was released on 14th December 2011 pitches up at 300 IBU's, so lets see what it's like.
I’m not sure in other countries but it’s really important thing for employees to cheerfully welcome customers into their stores especially in the service industry.
(b) increases the propensity of strong relations between two unfriendly states in India and Israel,
Cut out your paper circle as this will now be your template for cutting your fabrics.
14. The Compass in the Sky - The People's Magazine May
The institutional option traders meanwhile are reducing their short bias. The S&P 100 index (OEX) put call ratio has fallen again this week. The open interest put call ratio is down to the lowest levels since early April 2011.
Whenever I do a book signing, I make sure that I have one-page handouts that include a cover of the book, a BRIEF synopsis, three key points about the book, an author photo and BRIEF bio. On the back side, I cut and paste reviews from Amazon and any media quotes. I hand out the flyers to EVERYONE who walks through the door and begin talking up my book, or, if they seem disinterested (or alarmed) I give them a flyer and let them know I’m available for questions and to talk more about the book when they’re ready. Many circle back around and talk to me and end up buying a book, and some just take the paper home (and perhaps order later on). But a simple handout like this gives me a tool to reach more potential readers; especially as I leave any extras at the register and ask that clerks slip them into the buyers' bags when checking out. I also make a few products from my book and make an eye-catching display: this draws a lot of people over!
Ted sighed. He didn’t like kids, he liked them even less when he had to deal with them. It didn’t seem this one was going to go away.
We are not against getting more than one from a state so if you would like to swap post cards send one even if it is marked out! We are very excited to see where all we can get postcards from!
“It is almost like a competition,” my Maruti Swift-driving friend tells me. “If your friend has slept with someone, you want to as well, just to prove a point and just so you can fit in with the group.”
i wish it could all be simple. like we all had a huge billboard on our foreheads that displayed our honest thoughts. and yes, that could screw things up because someone could be thinking that you’re a bitch but at least you’d know the true reason why and maybe you could explain why you acted that way, assuming it was a misunderstanding, if not, then perhaps you deserved that accusation and you could reflect upon it and be a nicer person.
Of course we do. That's why we all have blogs. It's a safe place to make fun of those random people you see in your daily lives. It's just not polite to call strangers out on being idiots, so we resort to drunken nights with friends, boring hours with co-workers and, of course, the internet.
So, no regrets…
“The reason the great Jamaican stuff deepens over time, over years, not with nostalgia but with meaning and nuance, is that it’s a spiritual music. That’s the anomaly underlying its power. It’s spiritual pop — not in a calculated way, like Christian rock, but in a way that comes from within… In the States, rock ‘n roll is always on some level a move away from God into Devil’s music, but in Jamaica the cultural conditions were different. Pop grew towards Jah.”
May 22 – Stereo Live (Houston, TX) *
If we give energy with the value of 100, we will eventually receive 100 as well. If we give effort that is worth 1,000 $, we will receive what is worth 1,000 $, no more and no less. So if we want to get 1,000 $, you must give effort that is worth the same value. ECL will guarantee its cause-and-effect.
One day, the dog’s foster mom noticed this dog had a passionate need to search for and find things, and also to fetch them and bring them back. It wasn’t just like a normal game of fetch for this dog, either — she could toss a ball while he was tucked away out of sight, and he would miraculously appear primed-and-ready to go find whatever had just been tossed. He almost had a drive to go find things, like it was his purpose in life.
Class 1: Text Search: 'Class 1: Reading beyond the Human'
Well, the count is up to 4.
Meanwhile, you can begin to practice meditation from what you read and from podcasts or recordings on the web, and seek the advice of any meditators whose qualities you admire. The role of any good teacher is ultimately to help you learn to trust your own intuitive wisdom, your own inner guru or inner guidance system, which will ultimately be your most reliable source of true direction.
Or fifty out-of-focus pictures of a new cat.
to say the nursing
Their debut album, See This Through and Leave, seems at first listen to be a mish mash of all that's wrong with guitar rock: Unoriginal genre-splicing. Maudlin songwriting. Uninspired lyrics. Annoying sibling-band guitars. A contrived and utterly overdone ragamuffin slack-boy image. It's the stuff vengeful rock critics are seething with. At first it gives you pause. Why would anyone want to make this album? well, the damn album gets in your head. It works its way in there like a rare South American parasite worming through your brain.
Wasted education, celebrating imitation. Misplaced admiration speaking for a generation.
Weekly Starting Weight: 278.6
You always
We have reinstated taco night. Long gone are the taco nights of my childhood, where hard taco shells are loaded with refried pinto beans, salsa, cheddar jack cheese, dollops of gaucamole and shredded iceberg lettuce. Taco night takes on a new meaning with locally sourced ingredients like radishes, greens such as Swiss chard or beet greens, sweet potatoes (garnet yams) and of course avocados.
$14K. That's a big number. For helping survivors.
Once I responded to his message, however, T. informed me, in an amused manner mind you, that he had previously messaged me a few months ago on a different paid dating site and that I had ignored him. Gulp. I guess that should have been a sign that I had previously found him unattractive, but I think I was also in a stage of “attempting to transcend physical appearances”. Anyway, it was a case of cross-internet-dating-site-pollination. What made him more attractive on this site or at this point in time?
Well, we got a call from our agent and she said, “in all my years I have never had a seller not counter an offer. Congrats, they accepted!”
We do it all the time when it comes to our lives and telling our own stories from our past. Sometimes we just don’t remember everything, and sometimes we omit facts purposely or add a little sugar on it to promote our own personal causes or to protect our reputation and ego.
Potential CJ staff go through a rigorous hiring process. We receive their application and 3 reference forms, which must be written and are also spot-checked for accuracy and authenticity, and then conduct a phone or in-person interview.
"He was chill, and like, 'how you doin, man? Come dance!,'" reported one attendee. "He put everyone at ease."
The blending of these three-part stouts must be a fascinating thing. Consider the variety of flavours and conditioning that can be obtained for the different conditions of sale. How different from the general run of manufacture of our English stout.
I was looking through the Art Philosophy cricut cartridge handbook that is exclusively sold through Close To My Heart. This cartridge has something for everyone. I found an awesome tag/card on it that I used to make my card. I used cardstock from recollections and patterned paper from the DCWV high school stack. The cutie diploma was made with the Recess cart. The scallop circle was also cut from the Art Philosophy cart. The coordinating stamp is from Close to My Heart. I love that they have so many stamps that coordinate with the cartridge. I added some red tulle and tied a bow with ribbon from Walmart. I plan to add a small pocket inside to add a gift card.
“Accordingly, we reverse the finding that appellant’s consent is not required, vacate the decree of adoption, and remand for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.”
"Spent afternoon playing pool in Irish pub"
Game - A game consists of 10 frames (or turns) per person.
P: So when you actually meet them, are you just planning on telling them you have a really good tan?
However, the French election caught my eye, because of an innovation that I can scarcely believe. The French, you see, have decided to create 11 new “world” constituencies to cater for their expats. In other words, French people who live outside France will be able to elect their own MPs: London’s French will be able to vote for an MP for “Northern Europe”, rather than cast their votes for an MP in France.
This Christmas, we're getting guns.
* The Juvie’s not really crazy like the rest of these folks, he’s just, well – the juvie. sigh.
I'm getting nuttin' for Christmas
We grabbed some sandwiches and walked at Carver Lake. Then something happened. Contractions happened and they happened in a big way. Suddenly every 2 minutes I had to stop and grab onto Troy and breath through them. We made our way to the car. Believe it or not I still wasn't sure it was the real thing. We went home and after just a few minutes I called the midwife on call at the hospital to get her opinion. She told us to come in and if it was real- we were having a baby- if not- she would send us home.
name of business: AdminAide (On-Demand Accounts Assistance) and Independent Phoenix Trader (innovative stationery at sane prices available online too!).
I: Oh God, I'm not even there yet! But I was thinking of calling it "Beyond Zero Gravity", at least as a working title.
Anderson will likely recreate his 2011 tandem in New England with Shawne Merriman as a pass rushing duo on the right side of the line opposite Williams on the left. It is unclear where 10 year vet Chris Kelsay fits in but I wouldn’t expect him to be cut. The Bills also have 2010 3rd round pick Alex Carrington who, at around 300 lbs., will likely play a role similar to that of Chris Canty on the Giants D-Line.
Mary showed us how to sew two squares together with two diagonal seams that are off-set from the central corner-to-corner diagonal by the seam allowance. You then cut the corner-to-corner diagonal to create two blocks of two diagonals and no sewing of bias seams.
