This endless battle for his skin
Oh, and as for Romeo and Juliet? You can see the Baz Luhrmann 1996 production with Leonardo Di Caprio and Clair Danes that features modern music and dance moments as these two lovers connect and find everlasting together. I get motion-sickness while watching the movie due to the constantly moving camera.
no hesitation
I painted the particleboard black and then even though it didn't make a huge difference I sanded the edges a little and put a coat of stain over all of the red. It just took a little of the brightness off the red and I like (for some rough and tumbling boys) having the edges sanded just a bit because it keeps every tiny scratch or nick happening to the furniture from making it look awful, they just look like they belong.
I really don’t know;
This is the time of the year where the soil is removed and prepared to be seeded. The concept of insemination is backed up by the mirroring of the Sun and Moon, Father and Mother, in Earth and Water, blessing man’s yearly labor.
1) Prepare way more questions than you think you need, then double that. I ran through all my questions in the first half of the show and had to scramble to figure out what to fill the second half with.
Today I'm going to show you how to make a Chipboard Wall Frame.
285 Jay Street in Downtown Brooklyn
(Several attempts to get a picture in good light here! I really need to invest in a new camera....!)
Yep that's the big news. Not much going on bigger than the Biebs coming to town.
Of course the BNP are accused of “racism” they are the only party standing up against all those things which the enemies of our country have used that evil little word to force upon us. That is why the BNP must succeed, because, if they don't will continue to suffer the tyranny of that most dishonest of words.
Galatians 5:13-15 You, my brothers, were called to be free. But do not use your freedom to indulge the sinful nature; rather, serve one another in love. The entire law is summed up in a single command: “Love your neighbor as yourself.” If you keep on biting and devouring each other, watch out or you will be destroyed by each other.
All in all, this is a very funny issue, probably the high point of Assistant Editors' Month. I was a big fan of Letterman and Marvel Comics when this came out, so this has long been one of my favorite comic book stories. I'd like to thank Roger Stern, Al Milgrom, Joe Sinnott and Mike Carlin for making this story happen back in '83!
It's my BLOG BIRTHDAY!! Yes, I know, I know. Have just bored the bollocks off you with my 'I am 50 and going to enjoy EVERY MINUTE of my life, etc etc, snore, blah, blah...'
The UK government has also decided to postpone making a decision on renewing Trident nuclear systems until 2016. Currently, it costs the government 2.2 billion pounds to maintain current Trident nuclear weapon systems and as of January 2011, 687 million pounds had been spent on the ‘concept phase’ of procuring new systems. The government predicts that submarine and warhead replacements of Trident system will cost 20 billion pounds, while other sources predict at least £76 billion.
Apologies must be made for the racist content of this story. It's rather startling to encounter undeniably thick veins of racism in the work of an otherwise good-natured (if dark) humorist. Compare this 1944 story to Cole's 1950's CHOP CHOP stories featuring the Blackhawks' own racist portrayal. It helps to bear in mind that Cole's portrayals of non-white people are more or less in line with the culture of his time and were certainly far from the only instances of such treatments in 1940's comic books. For example, consider the well-known comic and racist black boy character, Ebony White, from Will Eisner's SPIRIT series (a character Cole developed in the unknown and under-appreciated FANNIE OGRE story he ghosted in the SPIRIT dailies).
Cleaning the house is a problem for me too. I just hate doing it so I don’t do it until it gets really bad. I am going to change that because I don’t like having a dirty house all the time! We also have a big collection of books that could probably be purged. I have a ton of scrapbooks that need a new area other than the top of the desk that my kids could be using for their homework desk.
4pm: Clean Master Bathroom
The format of the book is simple: once you find it (your holy discontent), you’re encouraged to feed it, fight for it, and follow it. Hybels has a gift for stirring up emotion and passion in the reader; this is the third book of his that I’ve worked my way through. This book (like all of his books that I’ve read) is filled with moving stories and anecdotes, intentionally arranged to inspire the reader on a narrative journey and move them to action. It was a good, quick, and encouraging read.
I talk about that concentration camp journal too, where does PKD discuss that, is it mentioned in Sutin?
John Khoury and I would love to hear from anyone who was there that day.
Because we are also active in helping people to flee violence and torturing, and spreading the Good News in different areas in the world, we are also sometimes considered working in illegality. Therefore we are by some governements blacklisted and accused of being part of ‘terror groups’. Though we can assure you we only want to preach Good News and peace and are totally against any form of violence.
Tomorrow
Actually, it's an audiobook .... we're listening to Beyond the Grave, Book 4 in The 39 Clues series. I can see why kids like these books, and the audiobooks are well done. However, I think I can only take so much of this series before I need a break. They are nonstop action and little character development. I still like the books and I think they are a fun change, so we'll do the series but we may interject other material between books.
I've learned that love and commitment and friendship mean more to me than everything else in the world. Combined.
A solid 11 song effort, “War Paint” clocks in at just under 44 minutes. An excellent follow up to “Reach for the Sun”, this record shows that Perdomo and his band mates can continue down a similar lyrical path, but diversify their sound in a variety of ways.
Yesterday, seeing as the sun decided to bless us with a much awaited appearance, I ended up going on one of these mindless wanders. I say ended up as I started out, as I mentioned in my pervious blog, with an aim to take photos of the cruces. Obviously it was an aim that I wound up achieving but that´s not the point! The point is, on this wander, I became inspired to write about the little nooks and crannies I have been lucky enough to discover by living here. Nooks and crannies which, sadly, often go unnoticed by those who visit Córdoba. So I have decided to dedicate a section of my blog to these hidden beauties, I think I shall name it – Uncovering Beauty – quiet a fitting title if I do say so myself!
PUSSY RIOT have said that " we realized that this country needs a militant, punk-feminist, street band that will rip through Moscow's streets and squares, mobilise public energy against the evil crooks of the Putinist Junya and enrich the Russian cultural and political opposition with themes that are important to us: gender and LGBT rights, problems of masculine conformity, absence of a daring message on the musical art scenes, andthe domination of males in all areas of public discourse."http://www.vice.com/read?A-Russian-Pussy-Riot I say amen to that.
Surprisingly, we made it out of the door and arrived at school right on time without too much ado. I walked Smallest Weasel to her classroom and headed to the the gym to find a seat in the sea of parents, most of whom had obviously never gone home after school dismissal in favor of ensuring themselves seating in the same time zone as the pageant was to take place. I on the other hand may as well have been in the Presidential Inaugural crowd of Uncle Barry.
While I do seriously enjoy Hitch’s various array of thrillers, I’ve always been more of a fan of his horror films. While many of his most famous works straddled the line between multiple genres, there are a few that I feel fall squarely into the horror category, and I believe they include some of the very cream of his cinematic efforts.
He barked a short laugh. “For sure they didn’t. No Will. No papers. No inheritance. Zip.”
Gastric banding is among the least invasive weight loss surgeries. The procedure takes just 20 minutes, and consists of a silicone band restricting the stomach capacity,so that patients reach a feeling of fullness with a much smaller portion of food. The procedure is minimally invasive, i.e. performed laparoscopically, with out any cutting or resection of tissue – by contrast, the RNY gastric bypass procedure and Vertical Sleeve Gastrectomy procedure can take more than an hour in the OR, and involve the removal of more than 70% of stomach tissue, as well as rerouting of the intestines.
I wasn't going to let myself be knocked out of the ring so easily, so I had a chat with P and asked if would be interested in having his photo taken. He was pretty cool about that, he was a fairly relaxed kind of person and quite easy to talk with.
But the Circlemakers display yet more layers to enlighten us.
Line after line.
In all unfairness, I am selecting an artist I tend to bias in favor of, no matter what sort of guy he was in real life. In fact, the more I learn about the guy, the more I'm glad I never had an inkling of a chance to meet him - he died when I was 6 going on 7 - because we would not have gotten along. He wasn't nuts about punk music, he was a staunch pseudo-Libertarian capitalist, he ran his bands like workhorses, and his attitude from about 1980 was a painfully bitter one.
To avoid that guy I broke up with via text, UGPS would say: "Turn left, then right, then left, then right, then duck into a Baskin-Robbins. What? Where was I? Oh, looky there! Pralines and Cream!"
He nodded at the stone wall on at the instant the bricks surged forward, grating against each other. When they stopped moving the outline of an exit could be seen, a dim light shining through the gaps to give the impression of a door. It moved again, this time opening and revealing an entirely new realm.
Of course, there's room for subtlety and suggestion on a book cover, although less so these days. But there's really nothing subtle about conforming to stereotypes or playing to them either. So which of these covers is the better? Honestly, I'm not really sure. I don't actively dislike any of them, and they could all be said to be valiant efforts, one way or another, at getting people to recognise and hopefully buy each book. But I do kind of wish there were a few more book covers being created these days that were as willfully individual as that Cuts dustjacket. There is, after all, more to life than InDesign and image libraries.
chirping loudly,
Mini System Test 3
Rachel Leon, executive director of New York Common Cause, said it ultimately is "up to the voters if they want to elect him."
● Visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA
Since about 2000, lawmakers have made numerous attempts at creating an "EU patent" that is more streamlined and efficient than the existing regime. Currently, the EPO is not part of the EU, and includes 38 member countries. When applications issue from the EPO, each application gets partitioned into a bundle of patent applications that need to be prosecuted in each respective country. According to recent estimates, companies can end up paying 18,000 euros ($24,300), including 10,000 euros for translating a patent in only 13 countries.
Our May workshop will be mentored by Kat Zhang, so mark your calendar for noon on Saturday and get your entries ready!
It’s an inconvenient plot to get your head around. Conservatives are generally better at writing villains than liberals are. Probably John Carter would have sold more tickets if it had a simpler us vs. them story to sell. Obama would probably have a higher approval rating too. Voters, like theater audiences, like things simple.
I swear, I've never heard anything that sounds even remotely like this thing. If you fired a cat out of a cannon directly into another cat, the sound they would make at the moment of impact wouldn't be half as annoying as this thing. If you were to put together all the crying children in the world into one room, and then made them all scream into a megaphone, that would be soothing compared to this thing. If nails and a chalkboard ever had a kid, this fucking sound would pop out.
Winner, 2011 Galaxy National Book Awards More4 Popular Non-Fiction Book of the Year.
What I do know is that if I were starting in practice now, I would want to see leadership, guidance and critical appraisal from a variety of angles in the early stages of practice, rather than simply to follow a self-perpetuating system led by those who possessed what may have been a formula for success at the Bar ten or fifteen years ago. This is not to say those individuals would not be equally successful if entering the Bar now, but the question is how do we know ? This is not, I suggest, something that should be left to chance.
One of the projects for the course included conducting a usability test of a website. I learned about ‘hallway’ testing, the testing of five or six random people from reading Nielsen (2000), where he states the best results for usability testing arrives from no more than five people. Conducting the test with five people and analysing the results, I found his theory of five people was highly credible. This would allow companies of all sizes to be able to afford testing of their website usability, and do so more than once.
"An adventure."
I love upcountry, ok, who does not…
However, the ESDC did address the crime issue in a document (p. 8 of PDF) sent to the Public Authorities Control Board (PACB) after its 12/8/06 approval vote and before the PACB's approval vote 12/20/06.
The grey area is all the space between the extremes of my thought processes that I have never explored. I think it might not be as murky as I fear. It might just be different to explore the ‘in betweenness’ of extremes.
As the taste grows, it becomes significantly more bitter with a pine/spruce characteristic. Remarkable progression through the senses of the tongue. Medium bodied with a creamy texture, it has gentle carbonation that provides a very pleasant mouthfeel.
packs her bag and buys a one-way
Each poster had a story.
I immediately replied, offering my services as a letterer, and he responded with the missive which you can read above. Unfortunately, his first letter is lost to the mists of time and hence I can't reproduce it here. (I'm not quite sure by what stroke of luck his second one survived.) If it hadn't been for Denis, it would probably never have occurred to me to seek employment as a comics calligrapher.
That’s what we like to see! Keep ‘em coming! So there you have it. The least-amount-of-stress way to get invitations out on time. Thank you to all who helped, whether it was time, input or encouragement. Oh & it should be mentioned that the bridal timelines all say to send them out at 3 months. Another way of avoiding the stress was by kicking that deadline to the wayside & making my own. 2.5 months is good enough for me.
Running Total - 534 (432 past, 55 future, 15 Vertigo, 32 V2)
Meanwhile, I will leave you with one final image - my sitting-room at the moment, thanks to the generosity of many companies who have donated gifts for our goody bags. Shown here are 200 gifts from Borders, Waverley Books, the Writer's Handbook and the Society of Authors. And this picture doesn't even show the Starbucks, Highland Park, Orkney Fudge and Times / Sunday Times and Strident Publishing contributions. Thank you all, lovely people.
Do something that scares you!
I breathe. And begin to clean poop from toilet, floor, and wall. And field questions and demands from the others. And throw up just a little bit.
BAD STUFF: Some songs? That try to be cute? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. They’re bad enough that if you are previewing the movie before watching it… And run into these… They very well may scare you into waiting 2 or 3 years before finally summoning up the strength to go though with watching this. There are *TWENTY-TWO* songs on the soundtrack. But this isn’t a musical. There’s only a few songs that take over the movie. The rest of the soundtrack is probably background music being pushed on people by MTV.
The air is fresher where you live, the land is cleaner, prettier, older and when I visit I find I still can hope.
Marge and Lola, having won a talent contest in the previous book (recapped in photos on the title page) are off on tour with Elvis Poultry! At their first stop, McDoodle's Barnyard however, Marge and Lola freeze up. They try everything, but nothing works and they flop at barnyard after barnyard. They're about to be sent home when they remember what's most important and know just what they're missing and on their next stop at Dale's Dairy Farm, they moooove the cows - and Elvis Poultry too.
“I was shell-shocked,” Roehl said shortly after receiving the honor. She’s been teaching in Edina since 1998. read more…
Unless I get a sitter. Which is very rare.
Keep her in your thoughts that she pulls through.
Rather than talking about food being safe and affordable, the conversation should focus on food’s long-term impact on health, he said.
Guinsoo: Hey, Morello. Check it out. More players are mimicking the way we make decisions on the forums.
“As a CEO, Schmidt is more inclined to provoke than proclaim. “Google is run by its culture and not by me”, said Schmidt in 2009. In Google, when a key executive decision is reached, all interested parties are invited to the decision making process and are encouraged to share their opinions. Schmidt’s job is to oversee the whole procedure and make timely decisions. This bottoms-up way of decision making usually leads to a better buy in and a better decision. Google allows employees to spend 20% of time on self-directed projects. To closely connect to Google’s frontline innovators, each week Schmidt and his senior associates spend up to six hours in dialogue with team members from across Google, who believe their projects have great potential. This unique management style has hatched a series of great products like Gmail and Google News.” Courtesy Vivian’s Tech Blog
Overall doing the CSS was challenging but not paralysing. There are ways and means to get things looking the way you want without too much stress (for a simple site like mine anyhow). I’ve got the rollover to change colour for my menu working, have mastered vertical and horizontal menus, and it’s looking reasonable for now. I’ve got some nice curved corners on the menu items, which don’t work in IE (for now) so that’s my wink at graceful degradation.
Roses: Wild Orchid Crafts
Ive already put myself down for quite a few!!
As we go about structuring Little Farm my concept for this home is that it is also a micro-training facility, an urban farm and a fortified location. Should the need arise that we absolutely must leave we can, but staying is vastly preferred.
–Part 3 of the beginning. Again any feedback you can provide would be appreciated. Thanks for taking the time to read it.–
whinge or kvetsh (Yiddish, Yinglish), or whine. See Australian gag at time of high immigration from the UK: 'How do you know that the plane on the runway is full of Poms?' 'The whining goes on after the engine's been switched off.' (Brits were famous in Australia for moaning about everything. Well, it is bloody hot. Oh, now I've done it.). At some point in 1994 parents stopped saying to their children, 'Don't moan' and started saying, 'Don't whinge'. A law must have been passed on it.
@ @TWEETLEYYOURS That's right, I'm Morelli. You gotta problem with that, Cupcake?"
daniel will be back & forth at the house some, but i am planning on being at the hospital for the week starting tomorrow.
I know I haven't been posting lately, but does the old adage - "no news is good news ring true"? Yes, No, I'm not really sure.
For the next fifteen minutes, we go through all solutions, such as looking through the JobGalaxy website, or opening a restaurant together, or signing on the dole.
There will be a post tomorrow, but instead of the usual Sunday in London, I’m planning on posting something cute for Easter. Let’s just say I got a little creative with pompoms, pipe cleaners, and wiggly eyes! Sundays in London will return next week with new musings and pictures.
The verses in this story most commonly referred to as proof that the Sodomites were homosexual are verses 4 and 5: “Before they could lie down, the men of the city, the men of Sodom, surrounded the house,from boy to old man, all the people in one mob. And they kept calling out to Lot and saying to him: ‘Where are the men who came in to you tonight? Bring them out to us that we may have intercourse with them.”
We then strolled downtown to one of my favorite breakfast places ever, Snooze. They opened up right before I last came to Denver, a little over 4 years ago and I was blown away. Now it was time to see if it would do same for my traveling companions. As you can plainly see, it was some good eats. Who else has fresh poblanos as a side for your breakfast tacos?
Gradually, almost imperceptibly, the timing between the lightning and thunder lengthens as the storm passes over us on its way to Tortola. The full, roiling blackness and heavy rain ameliorates to a light grey and sprinkly drizzle quite familiar to this Northwest boy. Of course, this grey drizzle is about 20 degrees warmer than any Northwest sprinkle.
Now, if the ARC happens to be Young Adult, I might pass it on to Kimber, Jr. Or not. I still reserve the right to be a neurotically overprotective mother. But, I certainly don't have the time or money to stand in line at the post office and mail a paper ARC to any of the other reviewers here.
Generally bright, vibrant colours tend to makes us happy.
As a senior in high school, Ari was a member of the Varsity Lacrosse team. One day at practice, he took a shot to the throat, but still managed to make it to the post-practice team BBQ. Despite a raspy voice and some pain, Ari tried to shake it off. When he didn’t feel any better the next morning, he saw a doctor. His doctor explained that the point blank shot had fractured Ari’s trachea and Ari easily could have, and probably should have died in his sleep. He had to have emergency surgery to repair the damage.
My husband told me how to use the drill over the phone. MY FIRST TIME! It was so easy (and fun),
But then there is this…
There аre ѕеverаl companies thаt provide mobile computing solutions еѕpеcіаllу fоr commercial purposes. Mobile computing includes connecting sеveral computing devices by means оf wireless networking tо make them accessible with eаch other. Hence, a person саn bе communicable wіth thе office еven thоugh not physically present. This greatly improves communication and enables staff tо tаke faster decisions, which translate іnto mоre business.
This is a fascinating book not simply because it’s crammed full of interesting stories like the blind woman with Anton's syndrome who believed she could see (if you asked her how many fingers you were holding up she’d give you an answer) or the mass murderer who asked for his brain to be examined after his death to see if something had changed to make him behave the way he found himself compelled to behave (yes, a dirty great tumour) or the fact that if you carry a particular set of genes your probability of committing a violent crime goes up by 982% (no, I didn’t miss out a decimal point). What is really scary is that all the evidence Eagleman has amassed points to the fact that “we are not the ones driving the boat of our behaviour, at least not as much as we believe.” This has certainly made me pause and think. I’m not sure it excuses everything I’ve ever done wrong in my life but it has made me think about my actions a little differently; to open myself up to other possibilities like the fact that the first girl I ever fell in love with’s name began with a ‘J’ might not have been a coincidence because apparently more of us marry people whose names begin with the same letter as ours does than you would reasonably expect.
My greatest satisfaction working with people is unlayering another limiting belief or internal conflict that has been holding them back. Discovery of the limitation makes it easy to release and opens a person up to a new way of looking at things. Once you let go, you can’t go back to seeing things in that ‘old’ way again.
Jesus Christ, I said,
Maybe a tad bit cleaner this week. Started on a HMouse card which has since been put off to the side with the other images...a wee bit of focus issues here tonight LOL. On to something else. You can see a fun cookbook club page off to the left-from a once a month class where we scrapbook a recipe (6x6 size) and also sample the the recipe! Yummy! This month was Hawaiian Sweet Bread...Oh goodness was it ever delish!
"The Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks" is written by Max Brooks, the zombie expert who brought the world "World War Z" and "The Zombie Survival Guide." “The Recorded Attacks" is a well thought out addition to the mythos that Max Brooks had created. Spanning from prehistory to modern day and the outbreak that caused World War Z, the presence of Zombie’s in the world is clear. The story telling is fresh and a nice blend of myth, plausible history, and zombie-tastic fun. Avatar Press takes care of the illustrations, which are plenty gruesome and just realistic enough that at times I want to turn my head away. The story telling and images work well together to create an interesting tale.
Zetas, there is only one more week left to "Save Lids to Save Lives". Our goal is to collect at least 300,000 lids to provide a $30,000 contribution to Komen and a $15,000 contribution to the ZTA Foundation. The latest lid count is 67,792, but we know most Zetas are keeping all their lids to mail in at once.
Slash, and stab, and maim and hew,
I think all Government should support the poor class to survive whatever their political belongings are, just support them on the name of humanity. Every Government is obliged to do so according to the Constitution of Pakistan
º For some reason, Millard Fillmore, the 13th president, has been the butt of a lot of jokes over the years and I don’t know why. The guy seems pretty upstanding. When Fillmore moved into the White House, it didn’t have a Bible, so he corrected that oversight. He and his wife, Abigail, installed the first library at the White House, plus the first bathtub and kitchen stove. Fillmore could not read Latin and refused an honorary degree from Oxford University, saying a person shouldn’t accept a degree he could not read. (So how did the first 12 presidents take a bath?)
Parmesan-Pepper Cornbread BiscottiOmit jalapeno. Substitute 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese for the Pepper Jack. Add 2 teaspoons pepper and 3/4 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary to food processor in Step 1. Proceed as directed.
Last saturday, I was with a small group to see migratory birds at Yilan county east of Taipei. The tour was organized by Natural Kingdom, a local ecotourism company. I was the only photographer. Although, I did do some preparation on Friday night. But still, I forgot my tripod and took the wrong camera (my old D300 instead of Grace's newer D7000).
“Yes and yes!”
90 g chopped pecan nuts
Nothing warms on a cold February day like an ice-cold glass of Jack Daniels down at Vinny’s. That’s why I was there, Lord knows they heat the bar better than I could heat my house. I found myself a stool and ordered one on the rocks. I didn’t have any troubles to wash away, no sorrows to drown.
I was looking through pictures for inspiration and came across the wreaths my friend Bridget used at Christmas. This could easily pass for Valentine's day just as it is or you can change it up. Instead of green, paint the grapevine wreath white with the red roses. or vice versa. It would be cute with bright pops of color, too - use your imagination! Here's a tutorial for making burlap roses - super easy!
OK, but Brett played a Strat and I didn't. Shit, I'll take it, whatever. I don't get that. I love that song, it's actually one of my favorite Bitch Magnet songs. We recorded it a couple times, and I don't think it ever sounded on record the way it sounded to me. On Umber it's kind of idiosyncratic, I don't really care for the way that the guitars were mixed and produced, it's slightly different from how I actually play it. But the way I played it was hard to record, because I was just fucking playing straight up-and-down eighth notes or sixteenth notes, grinding at it, and made it sound like poo. But I adore that song. Adore, adore, adore it.
Swelling is going down now and I'm more mobile. Though get tired quickly. I guess I'm trying to do too much too soon.
Spread the welcome mat for you
The Price I have paid recently is an overload of emotions, combined with travel, and a touch of a cold that inevitably will find its way into my immune system when I am tired. Thus, last Saturday morning, I found myself distracted and I have to confess, I lit up a cigarette. They are a vice I have long left in the past, but during this difficult time I find they calm my nerves a bit and I enjoy one every once in a while. The windows were down, the iPod was jamming and I was on my way home. That is where the story gets interesting:
Bhagvan Sri Krishna spoke to Arjuna who was overcome by the idea of killing his kith and kin on the battle field.
Come drifting home with broken masts and sails;
Diry Too is particularly funny. Lulu's typos and mis-spellings inform the humor of the two segments. Part one reads like a typical early "Lulu" comics story, only with the delightful addition of Lulu's fractured prose, and her surprisingly opinionated look at the world around her.
I see,
“What once drew so many people to Edwards and to Gingrich? Both men had an exaggerated and infectious certainty about them. … It is the kind of thing that assuages a voter’s anxieties.
Unfortunately they didn't offer a Carolina Blue cast...
It's the second time we've been part of the Riverfront Park Concert Series. And I remember much more of this year's performance. Last year, I had just stepped off a plane from spending three weeks studying harp in Ireland. I was jet lagged, to say the very least. I was overloaded with music and new knowledge and experiences I just couldn't even process yet. People told me the performance was wonderful, my commentary was witty and sweet, the band was rock solid and the night was perfect. I'm glad. I wish I could remember it myself.
It was a wonderful idea.
Tarte Mascara in the purple tube - I didn't wear any eyeliner on my top lash and I really like how I don't feel like I need to with a good mascara like this.
If you would like to purchase any of these, feel free to do so and just send them to me at PO Box 401, Alabaster, AL 35007. If you live in Birmingham, I would be glad to set up a day for a group of us to all meet so I can collect what you guys have. If you would just like to donate the money and have me get the supplies, feel free to do so by clicking on the donate button on my blog.
"Go on boy, you go run, I've got thinking and drinking to do".
sa-weet.
Until she is sold
now she took a little time and patients...lol
I just ordered Finn a special 18% protein feed, to get him to grow to “full potential.” What’s the point in having a monster rabbit, if he isn’t as monstrous as he could be? Oh yeah baby! Rabbit the size of a small dog. Fun.
Accuracy was on par with most factory 9mm ammunition, with perfect function through several different pistols.
Our first day in the Zuvand was great in the beginning with a Lesser Spotted Eagle in the meadows between Lerik and the canyon, a beautiful singing Blue Rock Thrush and nice observations of many other rock species. In the floodplain in Gosmalian there were couple of resting warblers, mainly Willows and Common Whitethroats, Grey Flycatchers, lots of Orioles and Cuckoos. In the afternoon we were unlucky with the weather and it got very windy. Unfortunately we could not find the Bimaculated Larks near Kalachan.
Also, there is a $3 off CVS coupon on Huggies diapers found in the Rejuvenating Beauty magazine in CVS. This magazine sells for .99 and sold in-store (and includes many coupons, not just this one). If you use this coupon in any of the deals, this would make your total even lower after paying the initial .99 each booklet. So you might twant to consider doing this for diaper stock-up!
I don’t know if this is what the fight was for. And what did Team Anna get? All small issues like saving money by travelling on budget flights, celebrating birthdays and failure to pay money for breaking employment bonds were raked up. Mud was smeared on all of them. Possibly there were even people who believed these acts were as bad as the 3G and CWG scams. The credibility of the team has been systematically eroded and people have gone back to believing everyone is selfish and corrupt and nothing is going to change in this country. No wonder no one came out this time.
Finally ‘Simulation’ defines our age. There is no longer talk of originals or even prototypes. This is the age on information – not so much as a noun, but as a verb (Shanks 2007) – we are in-formed, shaped by code.
Looking forward to a sister weekend next week with my sister Betsy! Yay!
Choosing any color new scheme is a personal choice and I suggested in an earlier post that one great way to start deciding on a color scheme for your home is to look in your closet. If you tend to look healthy and vibrant in bright and bold colors and fade away and look awash in pale pastels then you should try and incorporate some of your best bold and bright colors from your wardrobe into your interior color scheme. I don't mean to say you need to paint your walls that ruby red color of your favorite evening dress, although it could look awesome, but if you're more conservative and want to retain more versatility keep the walls a nice neutral and just accent with bold and bright colors. You look great in certain colors because certain colors make you appear healthier, enhance your skin tone and even make you feel better. You want to feel this way in your home too so if you look sickly in purple but want to indulge in this trendy color then use it sparingly rather than covering entire walls with it.
When her stepfather tried to take back the ticket from her, Evanoff threatened him with a pair of scissors, the arrest report said.
I know I am so weird!
This is not to say that she is never right, because there are some times when she nails it spot on. But there are also times she gets it dead wrong and there are many blind followers who take her word for everything she ways without verification.
After a while we were so frozen we settled down in my favourite cafe right on the water and watched the ducks go by. I love turning over ideas for new stories with my daughter. She has an excellent nose for what works and so we sat and talked books and ideas for over an hour.
Chuckies
Your smile resonates deep,
I didn’t mind giving my daughter’s friend a lift home. I’d rather do that and know that she’s got home safely. At that time of night, there’s relatively little traffic and I always appreciate it when the favour’s returned.
Donald T. Jones, 39, Livingston, N.J.
Now of days, there are many opportunities for you to get your diploma without having to actually go to the physical school. Some high schools are now offering classes online so you can get your degree or alternative schools. Alternative schools are becoming more and more popular in communities that have high dropout rates. These schools have facilities off campus from the local high school and offer you chance to take classes at your pace and with more one-on-one interaction from the teacher. Read this article to find out that there is hope for those who may have a criminal record or dropped out of school because of drugs. If there isn’t an alternative program in your area, look at your community college because most, if not all, offer courses to get your degree. Also, if you live in the Newberg-Dundee area, look at Youth Outreach in downtown Newberg to use their free curriculum specifically for getting your GED and in addition receive free tutoring! They are located at 719 E. First St. next to Dominos.
She is a graduate of Anderson University (Anderson, Indiana), and worked as a professional actress and singer before making the transition to more sane and solitary roles behind a computer.
But this is the pragmatist choice by the FA, with the European Championships looming large and the confusion summed up by Stuart Pearce’s bizarre naming of May 10th as a deadline for a squad announcement, whilst he remained in charge of three FA teams, they new they had to act quicker than Trevor Brooking’s philosophy of “parachuting a manager in at the end of the season” that was spoken of in the aftermath of Capello. David Bernstein spoke of Hodgson’s wealth of international experience at Tuesday’s press conference and he was correct to press home the point. Hodgson had taken Switzerland to the 1994 World Cup in America, he had a clear idea of how the logistics of a major summer tournament worked, something that as Bernstein said, none of his predecessor’s had, most notably Capello who had bitten the bullet of the debacle in Rustenburg in 2010.
Mr. Brummel is quickly running in to that age-balloon and has the option of stepping down which from all indications and accounts, seems imminent. But that is no reason for Mr. Greene to stay on; stay on and do what? Nobody was born to be just one thing. You have been preaching a gospel of faith and hope and now that it is your turn to practice what you preach, you are having a problem eh? Scores of jobs abound in the city council or in the mining community. Much more than that- you are a lawyer. You can even become a TV analyst; there are many more like you with the same passion and avarice but it is just a matter of time before the cat is let out the bag. Who better to offer a word of advice eh? Under sharia law, men who rape women are forced to marry them. If that is so, perhaps Mr. Greene you can let us know so that we can all brush up our tuxedos.
Carys Bray (England) – Sweet Home
SNN is also calling on the California Legislative Black and Latino Caucus to form a joint subcommittee of Assembly and Senate members to specifically address issues that families in South Los Angeles face in accessing not only regional center services, but those from Los Angeles Unified School District. It has also consulted with Public Counsel to review possible legal action.
As you can see from the above image, my clients added the extra rug by the door and a different hook system was implemented. We opted for hooks around the corner on the adjacent wall leading to the playroom rather than hanging them just inside the door. Also, we decided to go with a different lamp that was better suited for the high traffic area. The pop of red is a fun welcome.
Even later on in her life on Unicef missions in her preferred uniform of polo shirts & jeans, she always made simple clothes look luxurious.
"The shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things they had heard and seen, which were just as they had been told."
It could all turn to custard, or constipation, in the blink of an eye, but a tiny gateway has opened so we could leave Poo Hell and hang out somewhere less stressful. It feels easier for the first time in five odd years.
It's all to do with something called alpha waves. This isn't the place for a detailed examination of the theory - and if it were I'm not the person to do it. It's controversial of course, but seems to be backed up by some scientific research.
Time passes. The object is to find my customer amongst the sea of transitory humans who are all, also, looking for someone. Hence the sign.
So now you can see how I have had little time to get caught up on my blogging duties! I also have really focused on keeping up on my goals for 2012 which has taken up allot of my focus but in a good way! I really wish I had more time to do everything, don't we all?
There is a lot I tolerate about my cats but one thing drives me crazy. They catch live things and bring them home to chase. Usually, if I hear commotion or a high pitched squeak, I'll come over, with resigned face and no longer even bothered to bring the catchy cup with me, scoop a little unfortunate furry and release it at the back of the garden with a caution to try and not get itself caught again. I'm cross when I have to do this and even crosser when I don't realise one such furry had been let loose around the house and I find mouse droppings and a decomposing mouse some weeks later after a several days of saying "Something IS dead around here, I can smell it, now where IS it?".
I completed my NaNoWriMo 50,000 words in about 3 hours shy of 7 days. Finishing the novel (which topped out at about 63,500 words, first draft) took another week, but I polished that off on Monday.
Regarding Merrill DataSite
8. Long Time
Ringed by the flat horizon only
Truth Seeker (ARS/WWP)
Today I have mostly failed, and one cannot finish the week on a fail.
Kilbeggan distillery has the title of the world oldest distillery under its belt (opened 1757) so with a whiskey steeped in history, we expected something a little special, and it delivered. On the nose it gave off a subtle mix of both vanilla and a rather sweet caramel aroma, whilst a soft and almost silky taste of caramel and dark chocolate lay themselves down on your palate, giving you a creamy finish. Recommended as a good starter whiskey to unfamiliar Irish whiskey drinkers, and I’d whole-heartedly agree!
However, I think this is one of the great things about a beading group like this...by choosing patterns that are published in magazines we become a sort of 'self appointed test group' of beaders with various levels of experience. Working on something like this as a group helps us to strengthen our own beading skills, challenges us to try something new and brings us together in friendship with other beaders from around the world!
JO: Scope for further investment by working with the Scottish government.
The atmosphere was muted, as perhaps one could expect. Fear was not in the air, but there was a marked feeling of something that I — as a European raised in a time of peace — could not quite put my finger on. Not sadness, not anger — stoicism perhaps — but even as I write this I simply I cannot understand what living there must be like, especially for a child.
Nancy Oakes is a Toronto-based artist and has exhibited at artist-run centres and public and commercial venues including Propeller Centre for the Visual Arts, A.W.O.L. Gallery, Lehman Leskiw Fine Art, Visual Arts Centre of Clarington (Clarington Gallery), Toronto Outdoor Art Exhibition and Gallery 1313. Her drawings were included in the First National Juried Drawing Exhibition at White Water Gallery and Drawing 2012 at the John B. Aird Gallery. Her walking drawing practice was featured on CBC Radio's "Here and Now".
It really did seem like I had no time to myself, ok more accurately no time to 'craft'. But lots of other fun was had so I shouldn't complain too much teehee.
"The big fight tomorrow? You can count me in!"
Sometimes, I feel addicted to books. Seriously. And I have to go cold turkey when reading starts interfering with what I need to do. The latest instance: The Hunger Games. Yep. I hadn’t heard of the series until several months ago, when my son read them at college. Now, this is the kid who reads Harry Potter, Eragon and Star Wars books almost exclusively. If he was going to be raving about a book that wasn’t one of the BIG THREE, then I needed to check it out too. So, in February, I picked up the first book and that was it — I read them all in less than three days, and I didn’t get a damn thing else done. After that, it was at least a week before I allowed myself to pick up another book. Sometimes I just have to stop myself. There are so many books out there that I want to read, and not enough time in the world to read them.
Before kickoff, they were 5 points behind the Red Hell Owners. The message was clear, anything other than 3 points would have been regarded as “sheer disappointment”.
* NEW: Pick-Your-Own Prize - Choose any food-related book from Amazon U.S. with a value of up to 15USD (not including shipping). I will order the book and ship it worldwide at my expense. (F.T.C. Notice: I do not receive any compensation from Amazon.)
I got to P h i l l y and I actually brought work with me. None of it got done on the first evening because we had talk catching up and sex catching up to do….and it was our anniversary, we were celebrating! The next day, I finished it my work just in time to get ready to go to dinner with him in Mount Airy. He had bought me this really cute fuchsia cocktail dress that you can wear in seven ways, and I wore it that night, and he was also looking dapper in a shirt and tie. I think we were a very handsome couple…and I really mean that, I’m not just saying it. As always, the restaurant was very nice because he chose it. But….we got into a fight. It was my fault. Things seemed to get better when we went to a bar and had some drinks- the tension seemed to dwindle down and we were good again. But then we ended up getting into an even bigger fight. It was awful. I don’t even know how we had sex the next morning, but we did. What was so *right* with us that not even a bad fight could stop the ‘bidness’ from going down? Lol. I apologized profusely about the fight and acknowledged it was all my fault. He accepted my apology but things were still a little tense – he seemed wary of me. My friend TLC and I went to visit him….things were still tense for him. I wanted to make up, but he was aloof. One night after my friend went to sleep, he and I went out for drinks. We sat on the steps talking until late and I wanted him to come in my room with me to make up but he was not in that space. I was sad, of course. The next day, I asked him to come over very early in the morning to get in bed with me. He said he’d think about it. I promised I wouldn’t come on to him. He did come over, and I DID come on to him – not that I didn’t try to stay away, because I swore to myself that I would behave. Before he got there. And then, when he got there, I just couldn’t help it – there is something about being around him that just used to get me going. I can’t explain it and I spent a long time trying to figure it out and I just couldn’t – it was what it was, and that’s it. I somehow managed to get on top of him and was laying on him…the rest is history. We had a second anniversary about something special that was the next week and we had planned to spend time together in Washington, D.C. But he began saying that he wasn’t sure he was going. I told him I still wanted to go with him but he wasn’t sure what he wanted to do. I was angry, I was sad, I was hurt, because I knew all of “this” was still about the P h i l l y fight. He finally said no, he’s definitely not going. In hindsight, I think he was also going through something but wasn’t talking about it, but I was too focused on my own hurt and pain about the D.C. trip at the time. I want you all to pay attention to what I’m about to say: in relationships, sometimes people fight, sometimes we get hurt. But when you love someone, it’s important to listen to their cues so that you can know when you might need to fall back and give that person as much love as you can with your silence; stop bitching, be quiet, and be supportive of the person – even from a distance if you have to. That is what *I* should have done instead of being wrapped up in my own, “But I want to go to D.C.!”thing.
John Cena and Bret Hart win the match when Bret gives Ricardo a Sharpshooter. Alberto ran away from the action.
C: Holiday help
1166. Samosa’s & Vegetable Briyani from Taste of India (Wayne, PA)
There are other sample poems on Doug’s website – “Counting” is another favorite – and he has recently had poems appear in The New Yorker, if you happen to subscribe.
Friends all holding hands
If you want to give it a go I wouldn't actually advise not to, unless you have hair similar to mine, then you might want to look at a more conditioning range. I do really like the ingredients inside Tara Smiths range, the fact they're very natural, but they just weren't for me..
This song has some unforgettable lines, all of which center on that moment of utter love and fascination. The lyrics capture the ultimate yearning we have for someone we love.
I used Crystal Effects on the dew drops
Grill or pan fry butterflied Andouille sausage on both sides until heated through and grill marks appear. Cover with foil and set aside. Once cooled, slice into ½ inch slices and set aside.
All of the different pp's are from Cloud9 Seasonal 180 sheet paper pack (including the tree which is strips of the paper wrapped around a pencil then glued)
I see what I thought was me on the faces of others, in the fashions of others, in the haircuts of others.
He also showed me the new Tila bead. It's like a square chiclet bead, but finer and with two holes. He had some beautiful samples of work from Japan. Here's one he had me shoot up close...aren't they great? Some great potential here for beadwoven work...
bottom row left to right: holly, blake, jaclyn (don is the camera man!)
What is it about supervillains? One could say that a book of poetry on comic book characters, especially by a woman writer, is quite subversive, but perhaps not in the same way it would have been, say, a decade or two ago (I’d say I know as many female as male comic nerds/geeks/enthusiasts these days). Subversive less so as well, given how mainstream the big company comic books have become over the past twenty years,
“We’re off to Kuala Lumpur tomorrow” was echoed by the children – a souvenir of Melaka and the conversation with a lovely couple we met there. Tomorrow we would bid farewell to Thailand and be once again in Malaysia.
The shao-long bau are so much fun to eat, there's even have little instruction cards on the table. Just dip one into sauce, pop it on your spoon and nibble a little hole in the side, suck out the delivious soupy stock then gobble the dumpling up! The flavour in these little suckers is fantastic, and the skins are lovely
Jesus did not say “I did have” or “I did had”, which at that time would have meant he had lost that glory at a certain time, but now it can (and probably did) that he did not loose the glory of God = so glory of God has ever been over Jesus. Today the Glory of God is still with him. In the same context (vv. 22 and 24) that same glory has already “been given” (past tense) to disciples not yet born at the time when Jesus spoke.
My oh my, what a week!
PS. I continue to have problems with the blogroll. I have started a new list, but very often blogs that I list show for a while then disappear. Please forgive me if your blog is not showing, I am working on it!
When I was little most of our school clothes evolved into summer grubbies (this was my mom’s term for clothes we could make a mess in). Jeans that were too short got cut off about mid-thigh for summer shorts. Stretched out, faded t-shirts became bathing suit cover-ups or more often, the softest pajamas you could dream in. We were run-around, get-messy, play-hard kids so my parents got every dime out of our clothes. We were also on a tight budget so my mother would mend or patch anything that still had some good life in it.
47. Weddings and babies.
Well, Good Beer Week is almost upon us and there are now only a handful of tickets left to the Opening Night Gala (well, the first event of GBW, but, you know, I like to talk it up...)
And…back to square one.
Eden escapes, because she’s a bad ass, and kills Sol’s main squeeze Viper (Lee-Anne Liebenberg), because she’s a bad ass, and then takes a fellow prisoner with her, because that prisoner is Cally (MyAnna Bunning), because Cally happens to be Kane’s daughter. After they get out of the city, they head into the woods, which leads them to Kane and his King Arthur leftovers for a medieval repeat of what we just saw. Kane tells them he never developed a cure, but they were naturally resistant to the virus.
where mud banks crackled and eased.
Things for C are going well (and yes, I know I just tempted fate by blogging that but oh well). He has his ups and downs and every day is a challenge - and yet, he's managing everything and compared to how things have been in the past things are good.For me I gauge that he's having good days partially by if I think he is happy and partially by if I am receiving phone calls from school and the treatment centre about concerns or not. I have not been getting any calls lately and overall C seems happy.
Sometimes, we use shall, can, or may instead of will, for example: If you are good today, you can watch TV tonight.
In this country, fake Hindus are in militant majority, and tolerant Hindus are in a minority. Fake Muslims are in a heavy majority and Muslims who understand Mohammed are in a minority. This can be said of tolerant people of all religions. Extending this thought, I would like to say that in our country fake secularists are in a majority and genuine ones in a minority. Fake secularists are very talkative and are able to project their untruth in aggressive, strident tones through the media.
Having some Oats for Breakfast again, but again having a glass of water and giving my body 15mins to cool down and then up and ready for the day.
Slay ‘em to the right,
Internet keyword: kenfrost
Together Everyone Achieves More.
I adore motherhood and take my role very seriously.
but they are still very blessed to make their own
i already had a bunch of plastic bins. i rounded them up and started labeling.
this chick aight wifey
I suppose that is all I’ll talk about in this blog. I’m sure other topics will arise, but I expect that these three will be the most prominent.
26. Favorite color?
This is the third year running that I have used this poem by Susan Cooper but it is so perfect for the Winter Solstice that I'm afraid that this will probably not be its final appearance:) The beautiful illustration at the top is by Wendy Andrew from her magical book Luna Moon Hare - she has been kind enough to give me permission to use it in this post.
Such a bright line rule – pit bulls are per se dangerous – is misguided. Don’t get me wrong. I in no way condone what happened in this case. The dog was left in a small pen, escaped, and attacked and seriously injured a child. The owner put the dog back in the same pen, and the dog escaped yet again, and mauled another child, causing life threatening injuries.
Hoarders – Was not on this week so disappointingly, again there was no toilet turd mountain, this week. I should have mentioned last time that this was human turds, in a toilet. The water in the house had been long since turned off. A total mix of cringing laughter and horror.
If you like deep looking petals, cut deeper scallops. If you want a subtle look, cut shallow scallops. I like a mixture of both.
But in February, he said, the agency stopped communicating altogether. SEC leaders no longer want any space. Nester said it is now “working with the General Services Administration to transfer the remaining space to it for use by other government tenants, a process we hope to complete shortly.”
I like to think it has. If it was deliberately carved, and I believe it was, then it doesn’t really matter when it was made, or by whom, or to what level of sophistication. Taken on its own merits, it’s an attempt to create art. It’s not perfect, by any means - but then, what is?
The market is in a mess. Its hard to find anything. Search will list down a lot of stupid apps which you do not want and going through the lists is a pain.
It was centred 10km south of Ross at a depth of 15km.
There was a recent article in the NY Times that discussed the potential impact of digital editions of books on mega booksellers, such as Barnes and Noble. The article noted that, as in the film "You Have Mail" the romantic comedy which had Tom Hanks' "Fox Books" book chain pushing Meg Ryan's "The Little Shop Around the Corner" out of the book business, digital books sold online at lower prices may now be threatening the large book chains with their relatively high mortar and brick overheads, in the same way the big chains previously muscled the little book stores out of business.
The Group Attacks The Target: 20% cut in budgets, recruitment freeze, same work-load, expectations and accountability with fewer resources, quick-time reductions in pay with an increase in outside costs for staff.
But Franzen is known for being a tad dour, a fact he readily acknowledges with self-deprecating humor. In one of my absolute favorite essays in the collection, “I Just Called to Say I Love You,” he complains about…drumroll please…people announcing “I love you” at the end of cell phone calls. Or, more precisely:
The last and most important way to avoid having bad luck is to realize that “luck” doesn’t exist. It is as impossible to not have something that doesn’t exist, as it is to have something that doesn’t exist. (Or to have bad something that doesn’t exist, depending on how you look at it.)
Saturday c?me none too soon for us. We ?ere to ?eave that night ?t 11: 00 PM, for ?n all-day trip to the C?ronado Islands ?ff the coast of Southern Calif?rnia. We were headed for the out?r b?nk fish?ng are? the?e was an El Nino’ current, and big ?chools ?f Tuna w?re coming in ?elatively close to the islands. Dad was al? ?miles; you could see h? was proud to bring us on this particular trip. Tw? friends of hi? wer? coming too, and they teased ?e and m? b?other t? no end about these fish whipping our b?tts and so fo?th. That just mad? us ?ore eage? t? get on with it. The idea of ? fi?h fighting ?o hard excited u? even more. V?sions were plentiful on thi? d?y.
'A moribund market' is what Picador calls hardback fiction, and some shockingly dire hardback sales figures for one of our top authors, Graham Swift, have been revealed. Well, the writing has been on the wall for some time. From Richard and Judy to my reading group, people no longer consider books not yet in paperback, and retailer discounts have impacted on the format.
Stamps: the most gorgeous stamp ever. Gismonda by Alfons Mucha, European postage.
What does O'Nan write about, you may ask. My answer, everything and nothing. Remarkably, this is a novelist who can explain the entire human condition through the prism of one week with one family in one town. He excels at describing the minutiae of every day life in a manner than makes you want to smack your head and say "of course, that's it exactly! Why couldn't I think of that?" But we don't, which is why we are readers and not writers.
Life With No Limits: Bedtimes, Media and Food Freedom
Even though he's a veteran, to show what a pansy he is, Vance works in a flower shop! Hey, wait a minute, I used to work in a flower shop when I was going to college, and delivering flowers to dead people and prom dates you didn't get, isn't exactly a Swiss Picnic!
In the last few weeks or months, I’ve completed a short Texas ‘Bucket List’. I’ve been to Austin and driven the Willow City Loop. I’ve seen the most stunning display of wildflowers, I’ve had a cucumber martini from the South Congress Cafe, I’ve been to the Cowtown Farmers Market, watched my son play ball at LaGrave Field and eaten BBQ on the banks of the Trinity River. I’d still like to have a burger at The Love Shack, walk around downtown Fort Worth, see a Ranger game at the Ballpark, have dinner at Bonnell’s, visit the Fort Worth Zoo and picnic at Trinity park. Most of all, I’d see ALL of my friends. I’d like to say, ‘goodbye’. Not sure time or money will allow these things but if resources were no issue, these are the things I’d do.
No. I just HAD to go sleep in a cheap hostel. I shouldn't say cheap, though. Cheap-er, that's what it was. Being afraid of leaving your valuables in the room while you're taking a shower really is part of the fun.
The juice and cookies they offered in the upstairs lounge were scarfed down in minutes. We had to loll around for another hour or so (and trust me, no one wanted to sit again at that point). The group was getting restless -- they were clamoring to see Stallone.
Practicality and Value for Money in an EReader? Check Out Borders’ Kobo
F- is as low as we go, sorry. Again, the Left can bring up spending under Bush or even Reagan, and all I can say is - they are not running for President again. I don't think the President studied his Vocabulary Words, because he totally missed "Fiscal Responsibility".
Jobs and Education, Not War and Occupation!
She is so, so lucky I love her, that little bitch.
NOTE: do not fool with it. No attempt at kneading. Just mix, put it is the baking dish and in the oven. The less you handle it, the better, like scones.
Monday the 3rd of November
Simple, healthy, fresh and full of flavour.
BTW: my posts have not been automatically posting on schedule ... yikes. So, I'm going out of town for the weekend. I have posts scheduled through 4/25/12. Cross your fingers they go live on time, and please still leave comments and follow. I will return the favor when I come back!
Around his neck a ribbon with a little silver hook
Painting by Charles Christensen
It's the small steps towards the big goal that keep me as a writer going. I'm not sure what my path will be, but isn't that half the fun?
Last year, I did a post looking at the changes found in the book of Sirach, comparing the RSV-2CE with the original RSV-CE. I noted that there were a number of places where the RSV-2CE went with a different rendering or followed a different textual basis for their translation of Sirach. The big issue, of course, is that these changes are not indicated in the textual notes of the RSV-2CE. Well, I decided to read a little bit of Sirach recently and ran into the same issue within the first chapter. Below is the RSV-2CE rendering, followed by a number of other translations. Again, I think we can see the influence of the Vulgate here. There is also the issue as to whether or not a particular translation adds "the Lord" to verse 8 or beginning verse 9.
I cannot wait to unveil things now!
Not being able to find a decent mustard at the local shop proved fortuitous for Claudia since she discovered just how easy it is to make your own mustard. Mustard seeds are first soaked in a mix of vinegar and water and then it's all blended with your choice of flavourings - in this case honey & turmeric. Let it rest for a few days to settle and you're ready to go - the flavour possibilities are endless.
Christmas Child ... Lifetime ... 12 PM
A) Almost as if their brains work synchronously, the Chinese people decided to start acting out because God clearly doesn't love them as much.
With the technique I use for my doll wigs, the hair has about the same length as with the mohair I used before. If your child has been allergic to doll mohair, you could try Dolly Mo as it is so much softer than any other yarn I worked with so far. If you usually crochet a cap first and then brush it, you will probably end up with slightly shorter mohair fibers. Depending on the size of your dolls (mine are between 45-60cm/ 17.5-23.5 inches), you can add extra strands or style pigtails. If your dolls are rather small, you will hardly notice a difference in hair length between Dolly Mo and conventional doll mohair.
The IPCC report is a remarkable achievement. It is almost as difficult to get a large number of distinguished scientists to agree, as it is to get agreement from a group of politicians. As a scientist who became a politician, I am perhaps particularly qualified to make that observation! I know both worlds.
Over time, chosing the chips over the apple gets you further and further away from your goal. Same with all other, seemingly minor, decisions in life. In the alternative, chosing right gets us closer and closer. So you can either up-tick towards your goal, or down-tick away from it.
It was nice... even at 4am
As my days are going by and by lately I have been thinking about going back to school. Taylor and I have been talking about it since another child at the moment is not the right time (I wish). I really really love my job at Midway Elementary! I love being able to help a child feel better about learning and making them better at the tough things they struggle in about school.
I'm not convinced that taxation (per se) is necessarily bad for an economy. Perhaps some taxes are bad (counter-productive / above revenue maximising rates / squandered / etc).
ANZ also provides much better facilities than the SCG for spectators. Stadium food is stadium food, but I find you’re a bit better catered for than at the SCG. A bit more variety though I’m not sure I’ll ever learn that THE NACHOS AREN’T THAT GOOD.
A 1926 Ford Advertisement suggestively featured a woman driver with a male passenger, and ran with the tag line “Easier to handle ~ safer to drive.”
I have done a couple of television-related lists in the past and they seem to be pretty popular based on page views, so I thought today I would focus my efforts on naming my all-time favorite T.V. characters. It was hard to narrow these down because I am such a T.V. junkie, but I think my top ten goes a little something like this:
In cases like this, the hit and run driver can also have a civil lawsuit brought against them for all damages to the injury victim. Anyone injured by a hit and run driver has the right to seek legal recourse for injuries and damages to property. This compensation can come from the at-fault driver’s insurance or any personal assets they have.
12th January 1867 a Necropolis train driver had a liquid lunch at the local whilst waiting and when he returned was clearly incapable of driving. The fireman took over until they reached Waterloo and the driver was handed his notice.
A chap I knew who ran a trendy style alternative clothes and footwear shop started having traditional wooden working clogs made again, but for the punks and goths to buy. The design was updated with extra detail, and the clogs were made in brightly coloured leathers. Look at those hefty screwed-on rubber soles and steel toe-caps! Don’t they look great?
99. God Grew Tired of Us (Documentary) – Should be required viewing by every American citizen. Tremendous.
To sever all ties
If you are a parent, investor, or student looking to buy a home or investment property in the downtown area, you probably want to begin you search now. You can do so either at Home Buyer Search AZ or Downtown Mesa Real Estate. However you go I think right now is a good time to begin looking but word of warning be prepared to by now.
The London-born hairstyling pioneer.. freed women from (time-intensive haircare)
We have been in Mendoza, Argentina for a few days now and it is spectacular. The land, the warm sun, more passionate wine makers and chefs -- it's quite the experience. Caro Winery was the first we visited and so I'm starting there with a few photos. Isn't Estella, the winemaker, gorgeous? She spoke very personally about the challenges of her work and being a woman in a very male-dominated profession. She was frank, courageous, totally charismatic and brilliant. I fell in love.
So will you be picking up either of these titles this week?
See what I mean? This is the only picture I had of it because I was in such a hurry to start my project, I forgot to take any before pictures. Oops!
These are not things I can talk about comfortably with my friends or family back in America or with G. There is always the assumption from people back home that an expat is just on some extended holiday and must be having the time of their life 24/7. And with G, this is his home turf, so it’s just as hard for him to understand how out of place I might feel as it would be for me to imagine feeling out of place in my own hometown. Though unlike my friends and family, I can at least get a sympathetic ear from G. It’s just that because he can’t relate to it, he can’t offer any helpful advice.
A Door.
Flame decrax-meta flame of love and power
Orange: While this color is the least commonly used in the fashion industry, orange is the first choice of fast food restaurants. In general, this hue stimulates appetite. Orangeis often associated with independent and determined thinkers, family gatherings, and creativity. People who favor orange tend to have a large circle of friends, but they also tend to be gregarious, indecisive, and slightly over-indulgent.
if you love cute childhood love stories, this is perfect for you
Two things happened. First, I discovered that I could ‘hide’ behind the outfit. People apparently didn’t see the kid nearly paralysed with stage fright. They saw the well-dressed character of the play. Incredible. Second, I discovered that those girls whose attention I had been trying to get all year, suddenly discovered I existed now that I was not dressed in my usual college uniform. Weird stuff this…. I was still the shy geeky kid, who didn’t know quite know how to talk to girls, or indeed to anyone if it involved speaking in public. But with a change of clothing people reacted to me differently. Most unexpectedly of all, I actually felt different. I felt a little better about myself. It’s a bit like the Clark Kent/Superman transformation; same guy but a change of outfit can bring a change of attitude.
Are you like the people around Jesus in this story? He was entering the home of Jairus, a desperate man whose daughter had just died. There was no hope in man in this situation, but Jairus hoped in God. His family was helpless, and they were at the end of what they could do when Jesus said, “Give place, for she’s not dead.” In other words, “Give place; it’s not hopeless. Give place, for I am here. Give place; nothing is impossible if you believe Me.”
Like Glee before it, I was tempted to avoid watching this show like the God damn plague but after missing Saturday's premiere of it on SkyAtlantic, I caught one of the repeats of Smash and well, it made for an interesting(ish) hour.
Sofortbild is a Nikon only Mac based app but there’s stacks of options out there for all models. Other than the laptop and software all I needed was a mini-USB to USB cable. I bought a 5m one from eBay for less than £2. This lets me have a certain freedom from the camera, i.e. I can sit in the car with the laptop or in my shed etc. Sounds like overkill but when the winter comes around and the temperatures drop I’ll be the one sat with a heater on taking pics from the garden shed!
Now there was the curious study in 2007 by Professor Manuel Garzon of Spain's Granada University, which found people that beer had a slightly better hydration effect after exercise than water, which excercise psysiologists immediately called into question, given the diuretic effect of alcohol. Dave Munger in his blog Science Based Running could not find any peer reviewed article by Garzon on the subject, suggesting that Garzon's findings did not pass scientific scrutiny. But Munger did find a scientific article from 1997 which found that drinks containing 2% or less percent alcohol had no significant diuretic effect on recovery, while there was a slight negative effect on re-hydration on drinks containing 4% alcohol. Virtually all beers, with the exception of low alcohol beers, contain more than 4% alcohol. Lagers, pilsners, Kolschs and other "lawn mower" thirst quenching beers typically check in at about 5% alcohol per volume.
So this morning when I got to work, I read this and it made me feel much better. There is a lot going for me right now and I need to focus on the positive. If I let this or that get me down everything I've worked my butt off for will come crumbling down. I can't let this happen. I don't need a man to hang up my art work or mirrors, I need a power drill; I don't need a man to tell me I look smashing in that dress, I know I do; I don't need a man to run with me or go wine tasting with me or shuck oysters with me or cook with me... clearly I can do all of these on my own.
So, I give you this battle of the bars. One of them contains the Beer of the Week. Each bar will manage 2-3 entries.
-The Bette Davis Project will be exploring and discussing key Bette Davis films and her impact on actresses today.
The day before making the cupcakes, I assembled my coconut-chocolate nests. I toasted some shredded coconut, then mixed it with melted chocolate. I pressed the mixture into a mini cupcake pan, and pressed in my Cadbury chocolate eggs while the coconut-chocolate mixture was still warm. Then I put the pan into the fridge so that I could easily pop the nests out after they had hardened.
Oh, what a surprise, Yvonne Ridley manages to praise one UK politician: Ken Livingstone. I wonder if that’s because Livingstone has his head up the collective Islamic arse in London?
31 or
I wanted to make a "countdown" of sorts to send to Taylor, just so he knows how great we think he is. So, last night, I made this for him...
....By polyphonic, he means that the composition has a texture in which several parts, in this case, instruments, intertwine, each having its own melodic line. This is also known as counterpoint. The term 'fugue' also refers to the different instrumental parts entering the piece of music successively in imitation of each other. The 'brief motives' he refers to, are the short musical phrases or ideas. The use of counterpoint gives this piece a mechanical sounding rhythm, to some it may sound discordant or jarring to the ear....
I want to do some body casting. I want to lie down and be cryogenically frozen. I want to go to bed.
Buy the cheapest wine,
Kerrie Smith – Kerrie is an education aficionado and the author of several blogs. I notice she hasn’t updated Smik’s Learning Space lately, and I hope that will change soon.
“To write is writing”- would it be the better answer?”
Charlotte, the elder I met that day, poured tea into small cedar ceremonial bowls. As she sipped hers, she made a deep, satisfying sound in her throat ... a kind of cross between an 'ahhhhh' and a gurgle. As she did this, she nodded and gestured at Gem and I to drink. As I did so, a smile briefly crossed her wrinkled, lined face.
Clearly with Rorie Silk I was playing out my own fantasy, because I’d be the female offspring of Zeus – able, like him, to transform myself in any way I please. This would have many advantages – not just that of seduction! Though frankly, who can resist that also?
She’s God’s gift to me,
Nighttime sleeping all of a sudden became a huge fight this summer that Sean and I were just not winning. After sleeping through the night since they were 2 months old, they all of a sudden this summer decided that sleeping was for the birds and they started fighting us every night to go to bed. It was getting so bad, they were screaming for hours and would basically tire themselves out and finally go sleep. After about a week of screaming, we decided to convert their beds to toddler beds. BIG MISTAKE!!! It was MISERABLE!!! They would not stay in their beds, they were wondering around the house, no one was getting any sleep. It lasted about 2 weeks and we decided that they were just not ready for beds, so we converted them back. After 2 days of being back in cribs and still fighting to go to bed, Brynlee came wondering out her room and into the living room. She had climbed out of her bed. Thinking it was just a fluke, we put her back in her bed....and ah, there was again standing in the living room 10 minutes later. Fighting her for about a week, Chance decided to "throw" himself out of the bed and land on his head. Scaring us half to death, we decided to take it to the extreme. So we moved him into a toddler bed, into his own room and moved her into a full size bed in her own room. After many weeks of trying different routines and many meltdowns, we have finally developed a routine of reading books, singing songs and saying prayers together. Then Daddy takes Chance to his room and Mommy takes Brynlee to her room, and we get our own time to relax and put them to sleep. It has taken a while, but everyone has adjusted to our new nighttime routine and life is so much quieter in the evenings!!! Still getting their rooms just perfect so pics to come at a later time!!!
It is easy to assume that the custom of removing your shoes is due to practical considerations, so that one doesn’t muck and tear out the carpet that covers the entire isle – but this is not the reason. The reason why you have to remove your shoes is to be found in the books, and it’s a sign of respect and a decree from the Lord. A command found in Exodus 3:5, in which Moses, while he sees the burning bush, is commanded to take off his shoes on holy ground (both quotes from www.biblegateway.com):
Winnie Flies Again by Valerie Thomas and Korky Paul (Ages 3+)
Never again… I was told, so I handed the phone over to Jon who was going to stop them in their tracks. Next thing I knew he was chatting away to the person on the other end of the phone like they were lost long buddies. Yes, he’d blown it. Here we were doing yet another interview for a paper. The positive was that we could take our own photograph, though at the last minute this was reneged upon. A professional photographer descended upon us…for four bleedin hours…. Can you just move a little to the right, you er, ummm (he just couldn’t remember our names and when he called Her Next Door Grandma, I thought his cuppa would end up over his head).
“I am no goddess sweetheart, it’s women like you who need to be worshiped for their relentless desire to learn and excel. Your passion for writing is very evident in your work. “She smiled warmly.
What do you think of the name Maxwell Drew?
4. I hate mornings and am a true night owl.
As writers, we have been given a precious gift. Let us use that gift to create powerful, heartfelt new works that not only entertain, but also educate, enlighten and uplift humanity.
And the girls were fine,
Some of you may know who Chad is. Whatever you may think of video beer reviewers (and I speak as one who has been both praised and villified for my activities), Chad is perhaps one of the best known. I personally think it's a pretty harmless activity - you drink a beer and say whatever comes into your head. If it's about the beer, bonus. Nobody's trying to be the new Michael Jackson, it's just a bit of fun.
I don’t know why it’s so hard to live
Philippine literature is mostly composed of works written in English. The most prominent newspapers and magazines are in English. That’s the weird thing that Filipinos have—using Filipino to speak, but using English to write. This is not a hard and fast rule, and I’m not saying it’s right, or wrong, I am only saying that this is how things are right now. There are those who write in Filipino. Some challenge the pride of place English has in the society. I admire them for their nationalism, but I will continue to write in English, as I continue to love the Philippines.
The way Luke describes this disagreement is significant – Paul and Barnabas had a “sharp disagreement,” a word used for provoking one to “love and good works,” Heb 10:24, but also anger, exasperation, etc. The word appears in the LXX for “furious anger of the Lord” in Deut 29:27 and LXX Jer 32:37. Paul and Barnabas are in such a heated disagreement over John Mark that there is no solution other than to separate their ministries.
Prog 1. Lost the free Space Spinner within days.
97. The Bye Bye Blackbirds-Fixed Hearts (Rainbow Quartz)
I don’t know where any schoolyard aides were when this was happening. I also don’t understand why my gym teacher didn’t intervene when they held me down again, took off my sneakers and threw them over to the other side of the gym to the boy’s side. Nor do I understand why my band teacher didn’t see how I was teased as I cried one day into my clarinet.
I know I do hurt you sometimes,
1: Well Kenya do me a favour? I’d like to get my piano re-keyed
6 oz browned hot sausage
National child abuse hotline for victims, offenders, and parents.
Look at the first "lamp" in my diagram. The shadow it leaves on the ground mimics the shape that we know the object would have in real life. So we have the cast shadow of the whole image.
We quickly settled into a couch in the back of the cafe. One of the cats quickly found our laps and settled next to us. We were surrounded by an ecclectic collection of English and Turkish books about every topic and place (I even found an old book about the Pacific Northwest). We skimmed through the collection of books about Istanbul, and chatted about the week. We ordered wine and chocolate cake, and quickly achieved a state of perfect contentment. Everything on the menu is homemade, and succeeds in every way to make you feel at home, while also providing you with an opportunity to eat what you miss the most from home. We quickly and joyously devoured the cake, as the evenings performers began to play.
For the frosting, I wanted something light and airy, so I made a batch of cream cheese frosting, and then a batch of whipped cream, and then lightened the frosting by folding in the whipped cream. Then I piped the frosting on with a large closed-star tip, to create a "whipped cream" effect.
He had merely pointed out that there had been no private investment in nuclear since the Three Mile Island nuclear accident in America in 1979.
No bedtimes:
In short, 191 people chose the Prime Minister of Malaysia. It is not three or four million Umno members or 11 million voters or 27 million Malaysians. It is just 191 people. And these 191 people can be bought, controlled, compromised, blackmailed, and so on. And these 191 can, in turn, ensure that their divisions ‘toe the line’.
For example, if the credit card reports show that you have an expensive gym membership… or perhaps you bought too fancy of a mobile phone, then the system will flag you if your annual tax liability isn’t commensurate with such spending habits.
5. Coat grill rack with cooking spray. Place skewers on grill rack and cok for 2 minutes on each side, or until the shrimp is no longer gray.
The Oleander bush that we kept in the main hallway over the winter is beginning to bud.
Smart Balance Enhanced Milks $1/1
Jo Anne and I are hoping to be together by the end of this year. We do wish the process was a little faster but they are making sure Jo Anne and I are safe and the American people are safe. I do get a kick that it has been over a year and they are still doing things that a business takes only a couple weeks at most to do when you apply for a job. Granted, the background check is a little more detailed but over a year to do it. We are not terrorist or want to being harm to one another or other. Jo Anne and I talk everyday and often talk about our plans of starting a family and doing things to help others improve their lives. If I had the money I would take the time off to go visit Jo Anne because we miss being together. We decided to wait for her Visa to be approved for money reasons and emotional it be better not for me to leave her again. I cried almost all the way home from my visit to see her in the Philippines.
ArmourLite is a presenting sponsor of the Cop vs. Soldier Professional Mixed Martial Arts fight at the Fight Time 9 event, the MMA “Explosion,” being held in Fort Lauderdale, Florida on Friday, April 27, 2012. The sold-out event is owned and operated by Howard Davis Jr.’s Fight Time Promotions, the number one MMA Promotional Fight Company in the Southeast.
I don’t know how to explain it except to say that I am constantly evaluating, analyzing, attempting to know, and hence, to control. I can’t shut it off. I don’t know how to be if I’m not right or wrong, if there’s not some sort of justification for my decisions, actions, for my very being, or conversely, if there’s something measurable that I may correct to become “right.”
The swing also boasts a volume-adjustable 20 minutes of melodies and nature sounds, an overhead mobile—even an AC adaptor to save on battery expense. And it features the fun and engaging characters of the Sunnyside Safari™ Collection. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
Rose Earrings: Vintage from Kevin's grandma
Summer is here, meaning the sea, the sun and the tan- the perfect triplet. What is even more perfect? A nail design that would go with the scheme!
intertwined artistic expressions
Chocolate Ganache Tart
In the book, Olson has two aims. One is to “clear up confusion about Arminian theology and respond to the main myths and misconceptions about it that are widespread in evangelicalism” and the second aim is to “turn to history for correct definitions and not allowing popular usage to redefine good theological terms”. (P 10)
Nothing can compare to where
Thankfully, I can use the same cover for Jazz’s Asteroid as the ebook version, however, I will recreate it in a larger size, to include the spine and back cover area.
Things like giving your child a choice between two supermarkets, as the author did for her son, are not examples of "treating him like an adult." And let me know if this is the way you would treat an adult who asked you to go for ice cream, because then I will know never to ask you such a thing:
Watched the World Cup football and was happy to see the Czech Rep beat USA by 3 goals to 0. Very good game. Sorry that Koller was injured. It will be another bad luck championship for the Czechs it seems. I hope they will do well anyway.
The next part of the reading is about you so I’ll give that in whole:
H. K. Edgerton
It is a yellow pot with green ribbon. Inside the pot came a post it holder, chalk, notepad and great pens. These pens are no longer in my possession. My two girls loved them and are now using them. I am just thrilled that Amy sent two. :)
Embellishments is ABC Crafts Resins, some gemstone and the Cuttlebug Baby die cut.
I didn’t pay much attention to Alaric’s scenes.
From the muscle to the bone
It's not so far from you
Set an example - This life lived of righteousness is caught as much as it is taught. This can be formal or informal both. We need classes, but we also need mentorships.
For one thing, I'll tell you this:
When Zinkhan dropped his children off, he told his neighbor, Robert Covington, that he needed someone to watch them for about an hour because of an emergency. The children are around the ages of 8 and 10.
Oopsie.
-I talk about TV for like ten minutes. Mostly shit from my childhood. I also RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGEEEEEEEEEE at Michael Bay. .
Munich police confirmed his ordeal in a press statement.
ability produces results as stated before starting to produce
This isn’t about the movie, but I would quickly like to address some of the buzz I’ve been hearing regarding kids reading this “violent” series of books or being allowed to read and see this while not being able to see other things. First of all, does anyone remember reading The Lord of the Flies? That’s not exactly a Disney fairy tale, so enough said about the reading part. As for the movie thing, all I can say is that the violence portrayed in Bully is presumably real and that’s why I think it got the rating it did, but do I agree with children not being able to see it? Absolutely not. They see worse every day on the news and in the streets.
Ong also said there was a high concentration of dubious voters in Selangor, the country’s wealthiest state which Datuk Seri Najib Razak has pledged to take back “at all cost.”
Doctors McAlister (Burrows) and Whitlock (Skarsgard) are doing research into eradicating Alzheimer’s by testing their drugs on sharks, but all they wind up with is really smart sharks. Diver Carter Blake (Jane) is thrown into the equation to save the day after a combination of a really bad storm and some pissed off super-smart sharks wreck the station and cut off the survivors only hope of escape.
TLD: Your first solo album, Dirty Paper Cup was relesed last year. Has it been long in the making?
While 12 Days of Terror may be notable for its not too shabby period detail, some fancy shark action and, sadly, for fundamentally lacking any of the ‘terror’ so blatantly promised, for me, the appearance of SyFy stalwart and budget Brian Blessed, John Rhys-Davies makes it worth the price of admission. Starring as the obligatory salty old sea dog Rhys-Davies provides the kind of colour that keeps this TV movie sharkbuster afloat.
There are two things that have brought me back to a happy place - prayer and the Golden Girls. Through prayer, God has comforted me and put things into perspective. If I'm not in control of something and it is good, I should just be grateful. God also reminded me that worrying will not accomplish anything - it is completely useless. Life is too short for worry. After I prayed, I put in the Golden Girls. I don't know what it is about them but they always alleviate my crunchy feelings and make me happy. This morning, I'm thankful for both prayer and the Golden Girls.
Spread cauliflower in a single layer on an oiled baking pan. Bake for 40-50 minutes, turning over once. The cauliflower is done when it turns a deep gold.
António Marques
Then in an unexpected twist he turned to the audience for requests, which just showed that he really knew how to interact with the crowd. Rahat Ji was asked to play Rabba Mein To Mar Gaya from Mausam and his new song Chahat from Blood Money. He met both requests, and I think his live version of Chahat sounded even better than the original.
There comes a time, for all of us, when change is dictated by our Lord. The Teacher, in Ecclesiastes 3:1 wrote,
That's the Craft Camp when you've placed your bags next to the door, awaiting the moment when you hand over child minding to your partner, to set off eagerly and make the most of what remains of the weekend, as if reducing the carrying distance will somehow, miraculously, enable it to get out the door.
Submissions are due by September 30, 2012, and must follow the Instructions to Contributors listed in each issue of the Review, on the RRPE section of the URPE Website, or available from the Managing Editor. All submissions are subject to the usual review procedures and they should not be under review with any other publication. We strongly encourage authors to send a brief title and abstract as soon as possible, so we can coordinate timely publication of the issue.
I have seen other bloggers posts on my blog reader several times – without showing on their own blog…Maybe there is a trick I haven’t seen yet?
Obama's four main points were 1) universal health care, 2) rebuilding the country's infrastructure (including broadband access to everyone), 3) more funding for education, specifically more money to teachers, and 4) getting the country out of Iraq. As with any set of campaign goals, the "how do we pay for it" portion was left out, but a campaign stop is not necessarily the forum to go over the details. Finally, he ended with an explanation of what "The Audacity of Hope" means and the emotion of what he wants to accomplish; very powerful and compelling. He left the stage to "Long Train Running" which kind of made sense.
In the grounds of Le Petit Trianon, the doomed last Queen of France built a world based on childish dreams, and a frustrated romantic fantasy. She saw only what she wanted to see, and pretended that what she did not did not exist.
Maverick House has published more than sixty Irish and international authors since they began in 2002. And they are certainly like no other Irish publisher I have ever come across before in Ireland. Their remit is broad and bold, and that is the way it should be for any publisher with a modicum of ambition. It is only a pity Maverick House could not transfer this to a fiction list, then we might have our own native version of an independent fiction publisher like a Granta, Canongate, Soho or Snowbooks. At the moment, the closest to this type of independent publisher on Irish shores is Stinging Fly Press. But as Harrington in her article for Irish Publishing News suggests, the Irish reader has some responsibility to take in all of this too, they can be equally parochial in their preferences for books.
8 much
2) Somewhere in the weeks leading up I read a quote as follows: “Ask yourself: ‘Can I give more?’. The answer is usually: ‘Yes’.” ~Paul Tergat, Kenyan professional marathoner
So planning is important, too.
Not gonna take free-loaders
How in God’s name are we ever going to find peace among us when there are people of both races so full of hate?
Ms Howarth did quite a bit of research on disposable nappies and admits she was relieved to see things has moved on from old fashioned terry nappies and pins.
Why? Because the pressure is so bloody great amongst Mothers and society. Pressure to give our children the so called best of everything. Happy Mummy, who has the house clean in case visitors pop in, washing all done, children all happy, playing nicely in their organic hand made clothes, snacking on organic food and sipping water that came from the tank outside beside the veggie patch, cause that's best too you know. Let's not get started on the must have 'educational' toys that children just can't live without.
The dragon is a much respected mythical creature in the East and the West. It is probably more feared and associated with monsters in the Western culture. However in the East, it is revered and symbolises auspicious wisdom and beauty.
A wonderful bliss to enjoy
I created a label for this year with a poem that I wrote for the end of the year. I loved the one that I found online last year but it was a bit too long for the labels. To use these labels, download a copy and print on Avery 4"x 2" shipping labels.
What if this whole web advertising thing is a big, fat sexist conspiracy? Step into my laboratory...
*Korean deep fry flour is basically seasoned flour mix for deep fry batter. This will make the pancakes quite crisp to bite on. If you can't find this, substitute with cake flour mixed with baking powder, onion powder, and salt.
to feel, what can not now be known.
Chris tells me that his source has dried up. Any woodworkers out there up for the task of a custom order?
4 Tbsp. sour cream
There are several ways of transferring heat from one place to another. Today I will be focussing on conduction between two solids, or bodies. Conduction can be described as a way to transfer energy within and between bodies of matter. These bodies of matter, or just your body, are made up of tiny particles that vibrate more and more as you heat them. Think of it as reaching for an object which you didn’t know was hot. You immediately let go and wave your hand in misery. These particles also wave, or vibrate, and pass this motion on to other particles they collide with. So heat tends to move towards a colder area, because the particles play tag from one end to the other.
Any topic, you say? ANY?
2.Florists wire-You can make 2 flowers with just one standard sized florist wire which is available in the Indian market. My favorite color is silver as it lets the light reflected from the crystal shine so well.
Sadly, no photos from Shanghai. We stayed there one night, left at 5am the next day and spent the whole time working. However, from the short walk between our hotel and office, I made the quick assessment that resulted in a phone call home along the lines of "honey, we should totally bid on Shanghai!"
Teagan asked for another turn to pray. She prayed for her friends and she prayed about the joy she had after such a good day.
I was a little bit gutted that the email telling me about the Marks and Spencer sale came in yesterday and I didn't actually see it until this morning, how very annoying especially being as Little Man is in need of new summer pyjamas and underwear and I was hoping to pick up a bargain rather than having to pay out Boden prices (even though I love their pyjamas) but sadly there was nothing left in his size, so I decided to have a browse through the womenswear section as it would have been rude not to!
9. Reasons for Waiting
Patterned Joconde-Decor Paste (makes two 1/2 size sheet pans or a 13''x18'' (33x46 cm) jelly roll pan; I made only 1/2 of it and there was still way too much)
inspirational - it's great to be inspirational and all sorts of people can be it. You have to be enthusiastic, creative and philosophical. I 'aspire' to be 'inspirational' and sometimes make it. People have pointed out, however, the word is supposed to be 'inspiring' but 'inspiring' doesn't last as long as 'inspirational' so it's not so 'inspirational'. I've forgotten why it's supposed to be 'inspiring'. If it's 'inspiring' it should, presumably, help you to breathe in, while if it's 'inspirational' it should, presumably help you get inspiration or a big blast of breathed in air.
Quirky, yes, yet not irritatingly so. A chick flick, yeah probably, but bereft of any banal romance. In fact, the film’s very specific style is so perfectly realised that it creates its own unique world, a world as unreal and as convincing – both of these at once – as P. G. Wodehouse’s. Imagine a modern film where mobile phones are absent: an innocuous detail, you may say, still a telling one. You’ve got that here.
I'm still waiting for that spring blizzard....
I followed the project Emma did for 100 days to make me a better person and decided I wanted to do one too. I didn't want it to be to do with writing. I thought it would be a good idea to have a break from writing for a while. I wanted it to be to do with noticing things, and trying to retrain my brain to be more positive than it is. I don't know if it will work. I also wanted to try and get better at taking pictures. I'm not good at it at all, although I wish I was.
And freedom itself.
Should I merge my blogs and move over to Wordpress or another format? Others have done it but
Jack-o-lantern for this came from the Paperdolls Dress Up cartridge, and the doggie cut actually originates from a Christmas Dog and Sled Cottage Cutz die.
No need to soak the pearls first which is another reason for easy peasy!
Dr Michael Kamrava, who implanted 7 embryos in an unemployed 49 y/o woman who is now pregnant with quadruplets. She has been hospitalized and will be until she gives birth – courtesy of the California taxpayers. Contrary to this woman and Nadya, his success rates are very low, which is why he implants so many – to increase his numbers and thus increase business. According to the LA Times, he performed 61 embryo implantation procedures in 2006, with only two of them resulted in births, even though he implanted an average of 3.5 embryos per procedure, well above the national average of 2.3.
“You know, I really hate playing with your Dad.”
Jews Have Superior Legal Status, Baba Kamma 37b. "If an ox of an Israelite gores an ox of a Canaanite there is no liability; but if an ox of a Canaanite gores an ox of an Israelite...the payment is to be in full."
4) The character interplay is beautifully done. Kvothe meets so many different people and finds himself in so many different situations, and in each one, the relationships with the people he meets are constructed and displayed so well. It's fun and light and dark and deep, and everything I'd like to be able to do in my writing.
He was Andre Villas-Boas
Now for the bad news first (then that's out of the way....) Sadly I did not make it through the final round for the Spellbinders DT contest. Obviously I was disappointed, but also just a little bit relieved as no doubt it would have been a huge commitment and now I can concentrate on other things. I will share the projects I made for the contest in the next few days.
“Freedom of expression needs to be defended, but freedom of expression can also be a refuge for journalist scoundrels, to hide mediocrity and glorify truly unprofessional conduct,” the report read.
ELLA JENKINS-Miss Mary Mack
Talking of lie-ins, I certainly won't have had one today (this post was drafted last night) because it is the start of London Fashion Week (of course you all knew that already) and I shall be winging my way to the Capital on the red eye (commuter coach) for a day that starts with the Antoni and Alison show at 9am in the courtyard show space at Somerset House! So if you have any interest in Fashion Week proceedings be sure to keep an eye out as I will be tweeting directly from the Cobbles. My youngest daughter will be coming with me but she has her own Agenda with a very exciting project to do for a brand. She is a lucky girl to have been chosen and this will help her tremendously with her Fashion Course at Uni.
April 13, 2012 – Wispy luminous clouds
We must not just talk about free elections, like how Malaysia argues. Elections must be free AND fair. Most times, elections may be free but they are far from fair. This is what most Malaysians do not understand. And they do not understand this because they just can’t figure out in what way Malaysian elections can be classified as not fair.
- Levine spewed some knowledge over the past couple of days and had some interesting tidbits-
Bake in an oven preheated at 175C for about 10 minutes for a chewy one or 12 to 13 minutes for a crunchier version.
This is what one side of the lining sewed in place will look like. Repeat with the other side of the lining fabric. Trim and clip corners.
On the other hand, when it comes to causing deliberate pain to our people in the larger sense, it burns, it scathes, it maims for life and kills as it does all victims whether they know what is happening or not and this is not acceptable. One day its a feeling, then its a blurb at a news site, by evening the blurbs have their own wiki page. And then, like the dark season, suddenly its upon us full steam ahead and we rearrange our existence again. Suffering can be very good when you can, if you can, compare it to other states yet that also is being denied wherever possible.
Now…for the announcement:
A blind woman was working on her first novel, and did not realize that her pen ran out of ink until her son came to visit and see the book she'd been talking about. I've lost a couple novels now -- one in grade school, when my notebook went missing, and two on my dad's computer when he rebooted the system without warning me to back up my work first -- and I still have never recovered. It's traumatic, yo!
The 'Arab Spring' seems to have taken the Middle East, and everyone else, a bit by surprise. While the Pentagon sweats at the thought of a North Africa full of little Irans, the State Department clicks its heels and throws on its apron, anxious to get in the kitchen and start cookin' up some democracy:
White bodies naked on the low damp ground
Cheese, or Vegan Cheese, to taste
We who worship God in spirit are the circumcision. The literal translation according to the critical Greek texts and Aramaic Peshitta text is “We are the circumcision who worship by the spirit of God,” or “…who worship God via the spirit.” To worship God in the spirit” does not mean to worship by contributing to the collection plate or singing when hymns pop on the screen. There is only one way we can worship God “in spirit” and that is by speaking in tongues. To worship in the spirit, a person must have spirit; all other ritual is part of the senses realm. We cannot worship God by the senses for He “dwelleth not in temples made with hands.” as John 4:24 pointedly declares, “God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” To worship Him in spirit can only be by speaking in tongues. If the Word means what it says and says what is means, then these truths are fabulous! The Word always causes us to joy and rejoice.
“The violence in Syria must be stopped by all parties, and the necessary decisions may only be reached through an open political process led by Syrians themselves,” the Ambassador said.
Patience, young jedi, patience. Now and then I have to get some sleep and tear myself away from the computer.
At the premiere of Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows and it is about 9pm. Grandma called me at 2pm and said people were waiting in tents! There are a dozen or so Hermione’s and other girls in various lengths and patterns of plaid skirts. I even passed a dedicated Lord Voldemort in the mall after eating the Muggle fare. I wore my time turner, Hogwarts pin and favorite Ron Weasley t-shirt while carrying my worn copy of book 7 and homemade wand. I made it and another for my best friend out of the handle of an old Japanese style decorative umbrella when we dressed up as Rita Skeeter and Delores Umbridge for the release of the last book at Barnes & Noble. (See my other Harry Potter article that details how nerdy I actually am and another that responds to an article I read that said the Harry Potter films were better and “more epic” than the books!)
I don't know why anyone wouldn't have a pressure cooker but if you don't, you can just cook the lentils in a saucepan until they are tender, about 45 minutes and then proceed as per the recipe. This soup was so freaking good that I actually made it again last night and I am eating leftovers as I type this.
if I touch
“If any of you lacks wisdom, he should ask God,
If you had to have a pen name, what would you pick and why?
Published with Blogger-droid v2.0.4
Que sera, sera!!
When I was little, I couldn’t wait to show my mom the A+ I received on any of my tests. I was proud, because I wasn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer. I attended a private school through 3rd. grade, and the nuns at Sacred Heart of Mary Mary Quite Contrary never sent home anything. The only thing I remember them doing was yelling and scrubbing gravel out of my knee. So, I never had many proud moments there to bring home for my parents.
I did a little on my altered book not sure if i am enjoying this class or if my mojo has taken a running jump somewhere else. I have started a couple of the pages but not feeling inspired by it.
Last year even rats loved them.
Besides these terms, there were many focused on how to write sex scenes. Hmmm. I’m not sure I want to give tips on having sex with your sister, but I might be able to come up with some tips on how to write a sex scene. I’ll do some research on erotica and get back to you.
I am grateful it is still June.
Make sure to go to the two Fireworks Vendors near Gandalf to get some fireworks for this quest and if you want to do the various deeds.
Even so, coming at a time when most of the female population were confined in yards of fabric, the cross-dressing sexual allure of those women who walked on the stage as men must have sent out a powerful political message about independence and sexuality.
Operationally, academics approach change as if it was but one of many options, and clearly the least desirable of the bunch. The approach to change is tentative and requires extensive consultation on everything, including the method of consultation. A sense of urgency is seldom a factor in the equation. Risks are assumed only inadvertently, the consequences of urgency ignored.
This week it's me, Aud, who is the hostess and the "sketch maker". Hope you'll enjoy playing along with us this week also!
While in college, I worked at the concession stand of the movie theater at Bellis Fair Mall. Our concession stand was a little spartan. We had no nachos, pizza by the slice, or even coffee. We did have hotdogs, cooked to perfection on a roller grill. Customers rarely ordered a hotdog, so we usually had a few extra at the end of the night. These dogs had been cooking all day, 10 hours or so. I can still hear the sound of the grill, rolling up and down, and see the hotdogs glistening in their own grease. The skin was delightfully tough and rubbery, while the middle was hot and juicy. Because we usually cleaned the roller grill with Sprite, the dogs were enhanced by a sugary, lemon-lime film. Enjoying a purloined wiener in the back room was pure ecstasy. It wasn’t really stealing. The hotdogs had to be disposed of at the end of the night. As lovely as they tasted after cooking one full day, I doubt a second day on the grill would improve them much. Ah…I believe my love affair with hotdogs began there, among the boxes of soda syrup in the back room.
Insta-snow
The people who attend are young and old, a total mixture of ages. I am rubbish at it myself, I am proud and tend to sulk if I can't do something well first time, but I enjoy watching others dance - it is quite graceful, even watching the old folk dancing is quite lovely. Parish community halls seem to do Fairtrade stuff, but less bingo, dances, music, discos, quizzes, social evenings or just stuff for people to get to know the people who they hope to spend eternity with.
*Do not run away!
Hope your having a great weekend. Just about to watch Twilight New Moon as Zoe hasn't seen it before.
Hope you are having a lovely week and getting lots of sewing done
20For I say to you, that unless your goodness will exceed that of the Scribes and the Pharisees, you will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. 21You have heard that it was said to the ancients, “Do not murder, and whoever murders is condemned to judgment.” 22But I am saying to you, that everyone who will be angry against his brother without cause is condemned before the judge, and everyone who will say to his brother, ‘I spit on you’, is condemned before the assembly, and whoever will say ‘You fool.’ is condemned to the Gehenna of fire.
extra strings, tuning wrenches, etc.
Last week I mentioned that when Jude opens his letter he refers to the truth of the gospel as ‘the faith’. Jude again is referring to the gospel when he talks about the most holy faith. But how are we to build ourselves up in it?
as you step off the bus, a ribbon of battered taxi's greet you, with drivers trying to hassle a few more RM out of their victims, some on the horn, some double parked. it's no relaxing, serene experience that's for sure! once you are in the brightly lit shed it's chaos. people sleeping on the hard concrete floor, no seats to be found, long lines, people coughing without covering their mouths, sniffing back great clumps of lord knows what... and a consistent stream of annoucements, again over a distorted system!
Gertak said that the May 13 date was chosen out of convenience, and the main agenda of the rally was racial unity, and not to create animosity between the races.
So how do you properly go about creating those flexible joints? Please do read on…
Now, mind you, I thought I was making a lunch sack. I figured one of my girls would probably use it and I wanted to make sure that their lunches (including their drink bottle) would fit so I opted for the instructions for the large bag.
Like every Opportunist and Stalinist gang before it, the AWL has no moral compass. It cannot admit it was wrong. That would challenge the infallibility of the gerontocratic leadership, which has held power for longer than their North Korean equivalents, or Gaddafi himself. So, instead it is forced to deny reality. All the more it is forced to do that now, in order to justify committing the same mistake again in Syria, in support of an intervention by its Imperialist friends once again.
the final
The bastard was dead.
Lean beef
Wedding Reception Date (Bride): 6 May 2012
We doubt that DC and Connecticut are unique in suffering these problems and would welcome further examples from other jurisdictions in order further to inform our Vancouver discussions.
7:09 PM - The pushing began. Let me just tell you that this was the weirdest thing for me. I didn't know when I was supposed to push, obviously, because I couldn't feel anything, so it was a bit of a challenge. That was really the only thing I didn't like about having an epidural.
O.K., crazy right!? To top it off, she sent me the most amazing vintage scarf of Italy, some beautiful vintage glass flowers, and a wonderful handmade tag.
I rather liked the secondary characters. Finn is a womanizing tech wizard and as such wasn’t really original. However, the dwarf sisters were great. Sofia is a cook/cleaner of murder scenes and she dresses like a goth, and her sister JoJo is a healer, and a beauty salon owner.
Pick is a particularly good draughtsman who trained at the Royal College. Imagine how much better he'd have been, however, had the timelines shifted and he'd gone to the RA Schools where he could now benefit from instruction from the Grande Dame of English Art, Tracey Emin, who has now been appointed Professor of Drawing there.
New Order Blue Monday UK
I think this outfit worked great so I could go on one awesome date with the hubs doing this:
Up 3rd access and down 1st/2nd access with Jocelyn. It was a remarkably warm day, so I started back to the hills a day early. We took it easy, enjoying the spectacular weather and laying down fresh tracks through slushy snow. Shin felt notably better than it typically has the past two weeks.
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
I would like to enter this card into the following Challenges, as well:
age: 2-5
When my abandonment issues are activated, I have a tendency to internalize and personalize everything, which leads me to believe there is something wrong with me. (i.e. my question to myself earlier…what’s wrong with you?)
this by the Semi Truck full and making a spectacle of
Simon - His natural shyness seems to amuse her and she will often go over to his desk and talk. Simon the gets incredibly embarrassed and has sent me secret text messages saying make her leave. Favourite Simon quote, "She terrifies me!"
Our adoption remains at the top of my mind. Swirling among doctor appts, school functions, and sports. I'm no longer eyeing the phone. Daring it to ring with a toll free number. I'm no longer jumping at every email. Frankly, since we decided to open our home study for Russia, I feel at peace. Elliana will come one way or another.
In 1990 Phil was awarded the ARIA song of the Year for 'Burn for You'. During this period he achieved 3 top ten hits and a double platinum album with Southern Sons and a six times platinum album Chain Reaction with John Farnham.
Sitting at the cemetery, I am watching mother's come up one by one with their flowers and their tears. No one ever expects to be here. But, here we are sitting on our little ones graves. As close as we can get to them physically. Crying, talking and praying; wishing there was another way. I look at their faces, many hidden behind dark sunglasses, and it is all the same, a glimmer of disbelief that this is our life, and yes indeed it happened to us, our babies died. After they leave, I try to wander past their little one's grave so that I can make a mental note of his or her name, so that I can keep them in my prayers and look after their 'garden's' when their parents are away, which is what I hope others do for me.
Arthur W. Pink: "if the will is their servant then it is not sovereign, and if the will is not sovereign, we certainly cannot predicate ‘freedom’ of it."
The same thing was attempted in Luxembourg and suceeded. It is a sin to believe that the children have power over the parent, or that subjects have more authority than the sovereign. Notice the showdown began over abortion. Satan is alive in Europe.
When you stay at Pecan Cottage you can sit around enjoying the semi-solitude or you can wander all over Central Oklahoma and find adventures in town or an hour away.
So, rather than wait for the city to announce that it has mapped all the precariously hanging trees and that it has a plan to keep passersby away until the damaged trees can be cleared. I'm writing this to urge concerned people to call 311 or local precient or politician and keep further tragedy from happening.
Bowness-on-Windermere is a bustling kind of place so everything remains open even during public holidays and weekends. The nearby towns of Ambleside, Lakeside, Keswick, Grasmere, and Cartmel are also popular and shops and restaurants and other amenities remain open during public holidays and weekends. For aficionados of sticky toffee pudding, the place to visit is Cartmel, where the the famous Michelin restaurant, L’enclume (www.lenclume.co.uk), attracts gastronomes from far and wide. Meanwhile, gingerbread lovers should head to The Grasmere Gingerbread Shop (www.grasmeregingerbread.co.uk) and try its take on these biscuits.
For the LORD is our judge,
There is a Belgian bakery not far from me here in Laguna which has a bakery and also “tartines” on the menu. But imagine my horror that they do not toast the bread for the tartines, even if the loaves are made on site. I have tried repeatedly to get a proper toasted tartine, but all they can respond is “our bread is special.” Hmm...
Well after school on Mondays he also has speech. She comes to the house and is here when he gets home. He gives her a hard time every week unless she is doing something he wants to do. He does this great thing where he pretends that he is falling asleep and tells her " My meds make me sleepy" Ummm ya. Nice try buddy. Your meds haven't med you sleepy in months, and they don't make you tired Tuesday thru Sunday. So natural consequence... In life if you are tired and falling asleep you go to bed. So I sent him to go lay down. The raging fit that followed that was ginormous. He was screaming at me that he wasn't tired for what seemed like hours. But I stood my ground and finally he gave up. Speech came Tuesday too for a make up day, and he was much better and not tired at all!!! LOL
A recent survey showed that in 40% of people who are diagnosed with ME the diagnosis is wrong. I would be glad, because in many cases this means that suddenly there is a chance of getting proper treatment.
Cranberry Saison (New Belgium).
Sometimes, we prefer not to buy any piece of watches unless the right one appears in front of us. People always believe in destiny, so with the dream timepiece. They hold the belief that there must be one that is designed to connect with them in soul. No matter how, the picture of the perfect watch has already been implanted into people’s mind deeply and guides them to buy the ideal timepiece finally. Though different people may have different standards of perfect watches, there are always several features in common.
Typical of Piper, he draws heavily from the writings of Jonathan Edwards, bringing a corrective balance of past wisdom to our modern culture. In a world of convenience, consumerism, and even self-centered churches, he gives a humbling reminder that we are for God. While he contrasts the two sides in a fairly black and white manner, he does recognize that it is not an either/or—our good is in God’s glory and God’s glory is our good. His heavy emphasis is due to his fear that the modern church leans precariously on the side of self-adoration. Readers familiar with Piper will recognize themes from his other books, although here presented around a different focus.
Bite to eat...
1 pint strawberries
Attempt #2 at quilting baby blanket, and what do you think happened? Yes, refer to the above picture.
This game is being billed in some quarters as a matchup of Andre Roberts vs. Terrell Hudgins, but I think the key to the game will be the Bulldogs’ defensive front seven versus the Elon offensive line. The Citadel must get pressure on Riddle, which won’t be easy (in 208 pass attempts, Elon quarterbacks have been sacked 11 times). In last year’s game Riddle was sacked once, for a two-yard loss.
And when it's time, you'll know
Once you have your list of agents and editors, then is the time to run things through Google, and http://www.publishersmarketplace.com, and http://www.agentquery.com. Find out who's selling what and who's buying what. Find out which of those agents and editors have moved around since you read those acknowledgments. Find out their submission guidelines and follow them.
When doing a little research, I found an amazing coincidence: Mark Zuckerberg was born in 1984. The genius of this guy is a little scary. I hope he doesn’t go crazy and give passwords away to everyone. I do love Facebook so, “thank you” Mark.
to his personal use another sum
As you can see I had my dog Ellie help out in the process.
At the very beginning of the month, I scoped out the pumpkin patches in our area. With the help of YELP, I found the happening place. Every weekend since then, we have hoped that the sun would show its face at some point. We got tired of waiting and decided that yesterday was our day. We would layer our rain boots and coats if needed. We woke up to cold gray, but we were ready to take it on and have a good time come what may. As we were driving there (about 30 minutes) the clouds began clearing and by the time we parked it was full on sunny!
Three-score barrels of powder below
Last week the DefSec, Leon E. Panetta, responded to a question from Senator Jeff Sessions (Senate Armed Services Committee) regarding US military forces being engaged in the civil war currently raging in Syria. Panetta declared:
R 3: Sl st to center ch of first loop. * Ch 7, sc in 3rd ch from hook. Repeat from * 6 times. Sl st in sc of first picot, ch 4, sc in loop. Sc in next ch 5 loop, (ch 3, sc in same loop) 3 times. Sc in next loop. Repeat from * around. Join with a sl st to first sl st of previous row. End off.
I'm glad I had that dry white wine because I didn't realize how stressful French cooking could be. The end result, I admit, was better than my Campbell's soup concoctions of yore. And I even found that at the end of the meal, I was scooping up every last trace of sauce with my fingers. And that practice was once reserved only for chocolate pudding.
First, we decided we needed some drinks, to set the mood of course. Egg nog it was. Mom said only the real stuff from the farm would do.
How do I know what is good? Empathy tells me. That which furthers life, health, beauty, biodiversity, freedom, compassion, love, fairness and justice is good. If I act with integrity in the service of what I love, if I take responsibility for my actions and the well-being of others, I will do good.
Well, for sure, we spend a lot of time at our desk.
What I have never turned my attention to growing is a vegetable garden. Never tried it, no matter where I have lived. Not even some tomato plants in a pot. Zilch.
There’s no need to read between the lines as I courteously place my thoughts on each one.
I sentenced myself to death last dawn
Every generation found him cool, from the boomers of the ‘50s and ‘60s who danced to AMERICAN BANDSTAND every afternoon, to the kids of the ‘70s-‘90s who know him through game shows and blooper specials, and everyone else who couldn’t usher in a new year without Dick counting down the final seconds. He was a mainstay in our lives, projecting a calm personable presence that put us all at ease at a time when everything else was making us crazy.
The place we went is about a 40 minute drive away, but we have heard about their Prime Rib so off we go.
The next day -- although I knew it would almost surely put me on the edge of financial ruin -- I decided to try another two beers in Oslo: Nøgne Ø Saison and HaandBryggeriet IPA.
When you tire of this vibrant color, it can easily be switched out in this room- the pillows, art, lamp shade and flowers can be traded out for several other colors. This space has a very versatile color palette and allows so many other choices in the future. I love that the walls, seating and area rug are very neutral and light, allowing the gold and magenta to take center stage! The black detail in the armchair, bench and coffee table ground the space so well. The small touch of chrome in the end table makes the space feel sleek and stylish, while the subtle details of stripes in the area rug and zebra on the bench add texture and interest. Overall, this space works!
I signed up a couple of weeks ago for the Creative Chemistry 101 Class with Tim Holtz and have been eagerly waiting for this class to start. It began yesterday with an introduction to the class and lots of information about inks, paints, etc. and then today we learned three techniques for using Distress Inks. I had a lot of fun trying out the techniques and getting all inky! Here are my samples:
make cents
She's just a brat that has us trained and I'm quite frankly too old and too tired to deal with it.
Fixing her eyes on the skull, her expression suddenly became vacant. “The way is clear,” she murmured in what Dylan recognized was Italian, then again several times in various other languages. He overcame his fear and approached. With an awestruck expression, he gazed into the bag to see Aislinn’s hands merged with the glowing skull. A ribbon of light emerged from the eye sockets and spiraled to the ceiling. Continuing her recital in strange tongues, as though making an announcement to a distant audience, he watched the other talismans shimmer with almost dazzling intensity.
In addition to requesting the gender, William also wanted to share this blog with the geneticist. I was astounded when William told me that she’s already gotten word of it and has been following along! Wow! (I hope my writings have been able to convey that I’m not still the unhinged disaster I’d suddenly become during our last phone conversation on January 9th!)
Boxes sorted, stacked on the wagon.
Goaltending: New Jersey
To spare them exposure to rough talk and such, ladies were expected to enter by the eastern, Brazos side.
I have a friend who has worked at Oxfam for many years. So I’m not unsympathetic to disaster-hit countries. She was recently in a country even I had barely heard of.
Clooney said “success is fleeting, appreciate when things go well, and make the set fun.”
To keep him with us
What is so threatening about Tebow? It can’t be his views. Tebow has never once suggested God cares about football. Quite the opposite. It’s Maher and company who stupidly suggest a Tebow touchdown scores one for Evangelicals whereas an interception somehow chalks one up for atheism. Anyone who listens to Tebow knows he doesn’t do Jesus Talk, he’s mostly show and no tell. His idea of proselytizing is to tweet an abbreviated Bible citation. Mark 8:36. He leaves it up to you whether to look it up. When he takes a knee, it’s perfectly obvious that it’s an expression of humility. He’s crediting his perceived source, telling himself, don’t forget where you came from. On the whole, it’s more restrained than most end zone shimmies.
I don't remember much of mile 12. I do remember, however, that as we approached the stadium and knew I was going to finish in under 2 hours I had to remind myself to breathe. We surprised Jason and Steven as we rounded the third-to-last corner and Jason sprinted ahead to get one last photo of us.
Instead of working on things like ADL skills or alphabet skills in isolation, it is both practical and beneficial to work on them fluidly. This way, our children with special needs learn that corn is not just corn when he sees it in the bin at the grocery store, it’s not just corn when he sees the label on the can in the pantry, it’s not just corn when he eats it straight from the cob. It’s all of those things. It’s also true that our children need to see that numbers don’t just apply to the buttons we count out into muffin tins, or the figures on the refrigerator, they apply to all objects and numerals.
There are a lot of stories, video and podcasts out there that chronicle the worst of school lunches in America.
Pelican Bay Brewery Perfect Storm
thank you for taking this ride with me,
(16) In Hittite treaties, fore example, we find a stereotyped structure: (1) preamble—identification of the sovereign; (2) historical prologue—why the king and his vassals are in this relationship; (3) stipulations—what is expected of the vassals; and (4) blessings and curses—what will happen if the covenant is observed or not observed. The covenant between Yahweh and Israel, given to Moses, is quite in line with this tradition. In Exodus 20 we find: (1) “I am Yahweh”; (2) I “brought you out of Egypt, where you lived as slaves”; (3) “You shall have no other gods to rival me.” The fourth element, blessings and curses, became detached from the Exodus context and shows up in Leviticus 26 and Deuteronomy 28.
Not only where the places that I was looking for had to have a great medialuna, they also had to produce them by hand. I was going for the homemade, just out of the oven variety.
Today I see there’s a related piece in the Financial Times (although it’s blocked by a paywall) and I gather there has also been coverage on BBC Radio over the last few days, although I didn’t hear any of it because of my current location.
Research Scholars and students
concerns won her a devout cult following, while a larger mass
Mix all ingredients together...
Kids got hungry and needed to stretch their legs, so we decided to eat at a restaurant.
PENTAGON PATRIOTS WILL OVERTAKE CABAL MEDIA OUTLETS
And finally, a lack of connection to age-ranging. It is really important to know what age you are writing for and to make everything in the text work for that age.
One thing really jumped out at me in the conversation. Alex said "I know this is all for my own good. I know that what my mother is doing is for my own good." My immediate thought to that, which I did say, was to be careful with the phrasing "for your own good", it's the excuse that abusers use to continue abuse, and commonly used to control and manipulate others.
Ouch! guess most of you didn't like our "Pearls & Swirls" Challenge last week. Oh well, you know what that means...the odds of winning the yummy prizes just got better!....lol Although the numbers may have been down the entries were awesome!
~Robin Arnold
As I said, everyone is welcome to apply, even if you have never been on a design team before. We want to give everyone a chance :)
“This Atlantic Yards Modified Ghost Project Plan is nothing but a Bush-style faith-based initiative,” she said, adding that, “At the July 22 Atlantic Yards informational meeting, it was as if Donald Rumsfeld took over and answered for the ESDC.”
Needless to say I was stunned. A complete stranger had condemned me. Apparently his direct line to God was so strong that it allowed him to pick out of a crowd those who had sinned and those who were damned.
IF you won, would you be a 'splash it all' or 'invest it carefully' person? How much would you have left after a year?
Breaking news. Katia said her first word today. Well kinda. She said "ma ma ma ma" and looked at me with a big smile, so I think that counts as her first word. I'm gonna go with that story.
I figured if I was going to have to camp, I was at least going to be as comfortable as possible so we went to Cabelas and practically bought out the store's camping section. I'm not kidding. We had THREE sales guys helping us load all our stuff on a big pallet cart. They were so excited I could tell they were looking at all the stuff we were buying and thinking "Well our jobs are secure for the rest of the year!"
Saturday everything in my shop will be 50% off so if you've been wanting something that would be the day to save in a big way!!
our bright steps lacing tree and stone.
Any health care environment big or small poses an ever present risk of infection often referred to as hospital acquired infection (HAI). And even an otherwise simple ailment can get serious in such a set up. That is why infection control is an integral part of a health care facility. It adopts a combination of measures like surveillance, investigation, management and also the use of practices including wearing the proper gear, maintaining cleanliness, disinfection and safe disposal. All these steps help to prevent the spread of infection, and contain it when necessary.
This race turned into one of those surreal events where good things unexpectly happen so fast, you don't realize what's going on. My plan going into the race was to hit 6:40 pace through 6 miles, which is 40:00. I come through at 38:13 feeling pretty good, and all I could think was "Hmmmm....well, I'm ahead of pace." Expecting to see certain times at certain miles and instead seeing a totally different time on my watch caused me to simply dismiss each mile split without really thinking about what was actually happening. I just concentrated on the runners ahead of me and the hills at the later stages of the race, worrying little about time.. I cross the finish line, look at my watch, see 1:24:15 and think, "Did I just do that?"
But regardless of one’s position on that particular trivia question - and let’s face it, the debate really centers on the desire of some fans to have a reason to tell other fans they’re wrong about something - the fact remains that Nyssa’s introduction in this story is not a big deal in terms of this story.
After lunch, we hoped on the Metro (the subway in Paris) and headed to the very center of the city to go see Notre Dame. (One nice thing about Paris is its fantastic subway system-it's an inexpensive way to get all over the city, and there are tons of trains so you are never waiting longer than 2 or 3 minutes). There is actually a little plaque on the ground in front of the cathedral that marks Point Zero, the very center of Paris, where all other distances are measured from. The outside of Notre Dame is really intricate with tons of amazing sculptures, and the inside of the church is beautiful. It was also interesting to be able to contrast the style of the church with all the churches we had just seen in England, as the church here in Paris didn't have the strong connection with the monarchy like the churches we saw in London. Notre Dame is actually on a little island in the Seine River, and right behind it, there is another little island called Ile St. Louis. It's a very nice neighborhood of the city, so we had fun walking around it and getting some of it's famous Berthillon ice cream! We crossed over the Seine to La Rive Gauche, or the left bank of the river, where we walked around the Latin Quarter, an area around Sorbonne University that's bears that name because the university students all used to speak Latin. We also saw St. Sulpice, one of the churches featured in the Da Vinci Code. Then it was time for our first French dinner. We had passed some restaurants earlier in the afternoon that looked delicious, but we got a little turned around trying to find our way back to them. Then it started raining. And raining. Then pouring. So we basically walked around for what seemed like forever until we'll finally made it back to the restaurant I was looking for. We looked like drowned rats, but we had an amazing dinner of wine, bread, French Onion soup, and cheese fondue for dinner, and boy was it good! (I think the fact that we were cold and tired from walking in the rain made it taste that much better!) We had the french dessert profiteroles for dessert, and the friendly restaurant owner gave us a each a free shot of cognac, all in all, a good start to Paris.
And, yes, we color coordinated on purpose.
SABINE: In my opinion filming is a totally different craft. On stage you have to make sure that your emotions are seen and understood by everybody in the audience, even if they’re sitting last row stalls. Which can sometimes be quite far away. And you can’t shout “Cut!” and start all over again, it’s all or nothing basically. Made a mistake? Deal with it, make the best of it. What I like about doing plays is the continuity, you can really get into your character and “be” your character for whatever time the play lasts and even though it might be the same play every night it’s never the same for you as an actor/actress cause your feelings are never 100% the same. But filming has other qualities. It’s nice to be able to look at the scene you’ve just done and then try again and maybe do it all different. I think the people on set are more spontaneous than theatre people – it’s possible to add lines, change scenes and even characters etc. You can’t really do that with a Shakespeare play (although it would certainly be funny if Romeo didn’t kill himself in the end and just ran off to marry someone else). And from my experience the playwrites that are still alive don’t like it very much when their work is fiddled with and changed about.
A Ballad of Spring
When living in Cuba, Hemmingway would write between 8am and 2pm and then hove off to El Floridita for the first of a zillion Daiquiris. He liked them so much, he had his own made for him, the Papa Doble, but I prefer the original, which is deliciously sherberty.
- the amount of the product you get is quite small (but I cannot find any information on exactly how much you get, strange); after all, Nano is just a marketing strategy driven way of saying 'mini' or 'travel-size'.
This is the energy I am aligning myself to. This is where I put my attention. And does it help in any way - not a squat.
And God has got everything in control...
“You knew full well I meant that Him.”
Me: We're expecting a girl. We already know it's a girl, because we've had her karyotype done. From the karyotype, we also know she'll have Down syndrome.
1 permitted
The pornographers gaffe is just one in a list of rhetorical overkills that we’ve heard lately.
Through the returning seasons may I walk
I want to start the good stuff by giving you all a visual of what my hubby and I did last night. I printed out the name of everyone who entered, the more points you had, the more name print outs you got. Then I cut each name out and literally put them into a hat. LOL Then I chose one...
EMERGENCY GRANTS
This enemy looks human and can block his ability to sense the supernatural. Now a danger to everyone, he is forced into seclusion. No paladin can help him.
7. Let me laugh last
Remember you can enter anything into our Challenges, bot just cards! You could do an Easter Scrapbook page or maybe some egg-tastic cakes! Anything goes as long as it follows the rules!
For the Rangers, their big names stepped up big time. Ryan Callahan, Marian Gaborik, and Brad Richards all showed up to shine in the bright light Off-Broadway. And it couldn't have been possible without the supporting cast of Brian Boyle, Artem Anisimov, Carl Hagelin, and solid play by the Blueliners.
I am not always graceful or kind, I am no template for a Mother. I am brusque and sometimes too honest, I can be short and never focus correctly when instructed on Lego placement or Batman's attributes. But they trust me enough to ask me about everything, anything: where we come from, where we go, why food grows and every night it is my turn to do bedtime I hear this
Bake for 15-18 minutes. Drizzle with sweetened condensed milk, or make up your own icing from powdered sugar and milk. I highly suggest using the condensed milk, though. :)
William Hague: Funding will help ‘hard-pressed’ opposition document regime’s violations
I’m sleeping fine, actually, and sleeping enough, but having a lot of trouble getting up in the morning.
Simon Sinek – How Great Leaders Inspire Action
been pointed out to us ... and we noticed it too ... that
Sad to say, though we try our best, Writer Beware can't save all the writers out there from scam agents, publishers, contests, book doctors, editors, etc. This grieves us. Some of the toughest letters we receive are the ones from from writers who write something like, 'I paid Agent B a $50.00 'submissions fee' and then I paid her a $600.000 'evaluation/consultation fee' when I signed the contract she sent me. Then I saw on Absolute Write (or Writers.net, or The Rumor Mill) that Agent B isn't legit, she's a scammer. NOW what do I do? Is there any way for me to get my money back? Will she take my book manuscript, put her name on it and sell it as her own work? Can you help me?'
i don't know how i did that for so long.
10 - Bounty Hunter 03:07
As one child, Aloyna, said it, “the workers treat us like cattle. They don’t care. It’s their job. They come in and do their job, and leave. They don’t care about us at all.”
The Bible speaks a lot about money. Most of it isn't terribly flattering. The one I'm most drawn to is where Jesus says, "No one can serve two masters...You cannot serve both God and money." That, and when Paul says, "Let no debt remain outstanding except the continue debt to love one another."
If you’re unsure where to begin, pick a scene you know you’re going to put in—you just don’t know where yet—and start writing it. You might discover your Chapter One right there. And even if you don’t, you’ll have fodder for that scene when the time comes.
Similar to Kindness – making different crafts –flowers, birdseed cookies, etc to bring to others as gifts
My hometown of Vesta 120 miles to the west, along with nearby Wabasso, Wanda and Wood Lake, also made the modified hours list.
The fact that Wenger has had to bring back Lehmann, Campbell & Henry in recent years (albeit good fun) has underlined his reluctance to address the real problems and paper over the cracks with a short term fix.
Hello friends! I feel like I've been away forever! The summer is busy and I've been crazy busy at work. I did make some projects over the weekend, so I'll have a few things to share this week. :)
Derek Luke (Notorious, Antwone Fisher) co-stars in the film as, Josh Hardaway, a rising Asst. District Attorney who takes on a case involving a young drugged-out prostitute, Candace Washington, played by Keshia Knight Pulliam (Cosby Show, The Gospel). As Candace’s case continues to build, Josh starts to feel responsible and connected to Candace’s struggle, so rather than allow his inner conflicts to become tangled in the court preceding, he passes the case on to his female colleague, Linda Holmes (Ion Overman), who also happens to be his fiancée.
300g of flour
“NATO remains a very strong partnership – as strong as ever – and we have a lot of demonstrated successes with NATO if you look at the history up through today and current events, and especially in the last year. So I think that bodes well for the future of the partnership. The United States involvement in NATO is a strong partnership for tackling any future challenges.”
Today, however, it's cold outside. The sun is bright but low, typical of a crisp Fall afternoon. I think we all know--well, at least crazy baking obsessive types know--what that means. Can you hear that cranberry sauce singing in the background? This is the time of year baking at home comes back in full force. I'll never say no to a black sesame eclair from Sadaharu Aoki...but right now, I just want pumpkin pie. I want cinnamon, cloves, ginger. I want a bath of maple syrup and pecans...and then, another bath of water and soap, because I don't want to attract strange bugs (or strange people for that matter).
NORTH
Surround them. Comfort them. And whatever happens, give them a measure of your peace.
Ocus ba Maile Duin:
These cute little plant-cottages called Cottage Town are the latest product from Ontwerpduo. They play with your sense of 'large' and 'small' and they invite you to enter a fab fairy miniature world, where ordinairy houseplants suddenly turn into huge seqoia's....
Republicans say that the president and Democrats in congress will not work with them; but what they fail to recognize is that when you come to the table with something so radical, and tell the other side before negotiations, and all throughout negotiations, that you’re unwilling to negotiate, it makes it somewhat difficult to get anything done. The president came into office hoping to work with Republicans, despite a filibuster-proof majority in the senate, and an overwhelming majority in the house. However, even with Republicans in a position of considerable weakness, they managed to throw wrenches in the cogs of government, and it was only be the skin of their teeth that Democrats managed to pass the Affordable Care Act.
This drawing was really difficult. I erased and erased. I wanted the wolf to look monstrous, but I didn't know if he should be sitting or standing, paw out, or paw down. So I tried them all. This is my first illustration with a child in it, so I had to work to make her look right. I made Casey stand and hold flowers behind his back. We argued over the size and length of her arms and all sorts of other things. I had to remind Casey that even though he was my model, that a little girl's body was much different than his :) He did help me eventually get her right.
But here we are, facing sorrows in the here and now because good people die, people of faith hurt, babies don’t make it, children are abused.
la tienes que venerar.
I make my way to my make shift shelter, conflicting thoughts race through my head. More studying will have to be done in the morning. It can wait until tomorrow.
In the following months, he committed to his decision the way he set out to complete his assignments.
right now he is
I am a bit of an all or nothing person. When I love something, I LOVE IT and when I don’t like something, I pretty much despise it. I love soup. I love mayonnaise. I love cheese. And I LOOOOVE ice cream. I would say it’s my favourite dessert, but how can you speak in absolutes when it comes to desserts (or cheese for that matter)? But I don’t think I could ever pass on a bowl of ice cream, my favourite of course being French Vanilla. As a food, it’s not the healthiest to say the least. It’s high in sugar and fat and I find it almost impossible to limit myself to the ½ cup suggested serving size so I know I do even more damage when I indulge then the already shockingly high numbers of the “Nutrition Facts” on the side of each container. That’s why this recipe is so great! It’s a lot like ice cream but healthier!
On Board Art Journal - large
Jackie’s like an insomniac bus driver, cruising the late-night streets. His passengers are the tired, the hurt and the truth seekers. He lets you know you’re not alone, and the common bonds we all share of joy and despair are illuminated by him in a way that reminds us of the beauty of everyday life. No matter how you’re feeling when you get on his bus, by the time you arrive at your stop, life has become a more interesting ride.
Many Thanks to all of you that entered last weeks challenge, scroll down a little for the winner...
Based on a novel by W. Somerset Maugham, the story centers around the relationship between a handsome and seemingly affable young man (Gene Kelly) and the pretty young woman (Deanna Durbin) he meets and marries. But it soon becomes clear that the young man, Robert, is a gambling, psychopathic mama’s boy, who murders a bookie. His naïve and trusting wife, Jackie, continues to love and believe in him, even after she discovers his shady alter ego. With hints of incest and gossamer veiled prostitution (Jackie’s self inflicted punishment for not “helping” her screwed up husband enough), Christmas Holiday is a psychoanalyst dream, complete with a mysterious, possessive mother (Gale Sondergaard, who was born to play such a part).
in all my previous endings of friendships, i never said sorry (even though i felt it) because i was too proud and hurt by what i felt they did wrong to me. this time, i did it differently and i’m so glad.
Well, fast forward a year and here I am. It’s 6:30 am and I have just come back from my morning run.
So… as soon as you are old enough to nom down the solid stuff… we’ll get started – with strawberries and chocolate.
To bring this back to a NZ perspective, I'm going to link to another video. The South Auckland Poets Collective is run by youth for youth - and principal to their goals is to reverse the negative stories and images about their hood that have been ruling the media for years. This is just one of many videos on their website:
I have to thank the many people who aided me in my countless questions on this design. Thanks for your patience.
wilderness, to let the government know what we are doing. In most cities, a
Trim the excess fabric EXCEPT for the opening where you'll be turning. You need extra fabric there for sewing the bib shut.
If you have an e-reader you might want to pick up this reference.....good price and easy read.
When I started doing this back in 2005, I was a single man with plenty of spare time. As such, I was free to scour the web for ephemeral tidbits of intrigue or rant at length about politics, religion, smart growth or problems with the cable company. It was intrinsically rewarding and I enjoyed doing it.
your pedestrian dreams so alien to me
“Those who betray this country – it’s time for them to be afraid. We are coming. … We will fight to free Greece from the global loan sharks, for a Greece of dignity and independence, and for a Greece that is not a social jungle with all these millions of illegal immigrants that were brought here.”
-4 cups of flour, plus more (use until dough is workable and not sticky)
In fact, we all noted how bad my bowling got when I did get my phone back!
There are still some corners of the sciences—typically those where there isn’t much money in play—that are open to participation by amateurs. There are also quite a few branches of scientific work that are scarcely being done at all these days—again, because there isn’t much money in play—and their number is likely to increase as funding cuts continue. To my mind, one of the places where these trends intersect with the needs of the future is in local natural history and ecology, the kind of close study of nature’s patterns that launched the environmental sciences, back in the day. To cite an example very nearly at random, it would take little more than a microscope, a notebook, and a camera to do some very precise studies of the effect of organic gardening methods on soil microorganisms, beneficial and harmful insects, and crop yields, or to settle once and for all the much-debated question of whether adding biochar to garden soil has any benefits in temperate climates.
Amazon.com: Customer Discussions: No authors = no books for you to readThe conversation here was a little calmer...at least I didn't see the macabre corpse of any of my fellow Indie authors being cast about like road kill and stomped upon as in the other room. Some names were thrown about and I pity those authors.
At this point I think I may have seen a flash of light, heard a thousand damned souls screaming, roar of flames, something. I blanked out for a second, and she was still talking, "...been traveling?"
For all you “foodies”, here are two books you will love. India is one of the truly ancient civilizations. Its cuisine is unique and a real treat. If you combine its recipes with their history, you get Nani Power’s Ginger and Ganesh: Adventures in Indian Cooking, Culture and Love ($25.00, Counterpoint). It is in part the author’s journey of learning, being invited into the homes of strangers eager to teach her Indian cuisine. Along the way she learned much more. The book is filled with unique, often treasured family recipes from vegetarian homes in India. They range from cheese cubes in a rich cilantro and almond curry to coconut stuffed okra. It all makes for great reading and eating. In my home, there was always plenty of cheese to savor. Now, cheese enthusiast Eric LeMay has written the ultimate cheese-lover’s book, Immortal Milk: Adventures in Cheese ($25.00, Free Press). This is a world tour of cheese and he relates his travels from Cambridge, Massachusetts to a cheese festival in Bra, Italy, with plenty of other stops along the way as he shares his extensive knowledge. The book even has a comprehensive appendix on how to enjoy and pair cheese with beer, chocolate, coffee, fruit preserves, honey and other choices. Be advised; keep some cheese in the fridge when you start to read this delightful book. It will make you yearn for it.
*Rest 5 minutes.
To be quite honest, I sort of threw out the whole thing somewhere around Day 7. Circumstances in my life went all haywire and I just kind of forgot about it.
In all candor, when I wrote my last piece and included the quote from Roberts, I thought that the only way Bob could potentially counter this was to claim that the adjective “Roman” somehow represents some official mandate from the Catholic Church. But c’mon, I thought, one can’t chase after every ridiculous counter-argument. And yet here we are, faced with just that nonsensical reply. So shame on me, I guess, for not going with my “gut” and rebutting this foolishness earlier.
The total cuts over the next 18 months will total at least $1.5 billion.
The equivalent book direct from Lightning Source for the ‘under 200 page’ example costs less than £3. The author prices remain better than the costs from many of Spire Publishing’s competitors. In our example, if the author were ordering more than 50, but less than 150 copies, the unit price to the author would be £4. Spire Publishing give full bulk discount details on their website.
Harrison Smith, S, Notre Dame
I hesitate to show you pictures ... because I can only see the stuff that still needs to get done
Was there anything you liked about this book?
305) mum surprising me with some of the best carrot cake ever from a nearby coffee shop
On the afternoon of April 16, 1908, Austin attorney and president of the Austin Bar Association John Dowell walked into the Driskill lobby though its east entrance, carrying a double-barrelled shotgun. Spotting San Antonio attorney Mason Williams entering the lobby from the bar, Dowell emptied both barrels into Williams, reloaded, then fired again. He then pulled a pistol, fired once, and misfired several more times.
“The potential in this event concept will allow the Cayman Islands to engage an affluent market of director, producers, actors and the like,” the commission stated. “In anticipation of the Film Festival growth, as with Camana Bay, DOT would focus on the event to generate and increase brand awareness which is the second priority for the Tourism Department.”
#4 Post this giveaway on your blog.
Vacuuming leads to mopping leads to bathroom cleaning – all of which can be done while talking on the phone.
The brutal use of force in Azerbaijan created an anti-force. It buried chances of preserving the collapsing empire and resurrected national movement for independence.
Price: Starters/Salads $6-$15, Entrees $15-$30
Ok, sure, Callie Khouri says her first draft of Thelma & Louise was the one they bought and filmed, but we hate her so that doesn’t count (j/k, Callie).
Barry White: 'We went to Waldegrave Gardens and I remember Ian’s caravan in the garden. It was his studio cum living quarters. Reading between the lines, I think his mum realised she had produced someone who was rather special and she was extremely supportive. It didn’t surprise me when Ian became a star - the signs were there when we made the home movies.’
My husband and I love France. The vibrant Paris, the beautiful South coast, the fragrant Rhone valley and the luxurious Champagne region are just a few of the places we’d like to return to, again and again. Maybe it’s time to resume our French lessons? Un oui résolu!
I adapted the recipe to make a larger cake, using a 9 inch round pan, and used 5 eggs instead of 4, and increased the quantities for the other ingredients proportionately. As it was baking in the oven, I stood by the oven door and peered through the glass, waiting to see if the cake rose. I wanted to be sure it wasn't going to turn out flat, dense and rubbery like the first one. What a relief (and joy!) it was to see it slowly rising and turning golden brown on top. Phew! With that out of the way, I started to think about how to make the chocolate flakes.
TRADE
I wore..
206-567-0069
All right, I promise this is my last wedding-related post.
“Uh . . ”
Leviticus 10:6 follows the destruction of Nadab and Abihu after they brought zur (strange, unauthorized) fire before the L-RD. Both men were destroyed by fire because of their disobedience. Psalm 21 describes a similar destruction by the Just Judge from Whom nothing is hidden. He discerns the heart (1 Kn 8:39) and gives according to our deeds. (Jer. 17:10)
Had my friends and I discovered Imaro back in the ‘70s or ‘80s, who knows, perhaps we would have taken up our Big-Ass Swords and saved the world by now.
IN HONOR OF TAX TIME: UNDERSTANDING YOUR MONEY CODE
I'm a journalist, cryptic crossword junkie, keen cyclist, Billy Bunter book collector and a Billy Bragg stalker. I love words and will post some of the columns I have written over the years on this blog. They include: View from the G-spot (my time as editor of a community newspaper in Grahamstown), Virgin Cyclist (the build up to my first Cape Argus PnP Cycle Tour), Pop psychology (my take on fatherhood) and Angry Utterances (10) (how crossword puzzles unlock the world's secrets and the meaning of life). I will also be exploring my new journalism skills.
Ajib finds his future self seems poor, but has a stash of gold. Money gets his wife kidnapped, and he ends up having to provide this lot anyway.
Is this someone´s vision? Did the someone have this vision during sex? Really? For realz?!! Why? WHYYYYY???
Well, winter is well and truly on its way and there's no better way of cosying up than wearing a hand knit chunky knit sweater or cardigan.
Among reasons given by the Malaysian government is that the two cops have appealed their death sentence. Their appeal is delayed because the trial judge, Mohd Zaki Yasin, who found them guilty has till date not written up his judgement. The judge’s tardiness not only delays the cops in securing a hearing date from the Appeals courts, but also slows the lawsuit filed by Altantuya’s parents. Government prosecutors say their case cannot be heard until the appeal is done with as it might ‘prejudice’ the cops’ case.
Hitchcock Hall, Room 132
This was part of a Hostess set from Stampin’ Up! called Comfort Food. Isn’t that little donut adorable. And my girls would eat him right up since he has pink frosting (real men wear pink you know.)
Now, it is on you. Follow this Guide and if the shit hits the fan then you are likely to be far better off than most people will. The best part, however, is the hedge on this zero hedge investment. Even if TEOTWAWKI does not occur, but your course instructors have at least average ability, then after completing this Guide
First I made my own Vegan version of picadillo using Gimme Lean "Beef," onions, garlic, bell peppers, chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, corn and spices. Then I layered the chips, picadillo, black olives and Daiya cheese - both mozzarella and cheddar - into a casserole dish and baked it. Vegan sour cream and salsa on the side and we were in nacho heaven.
1022 D-IX/3/1988. “What Happened to Judge Bork–And To Us?” Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship Panel, Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Washington, D.C. (Incorporated in Item C–1990(4), above, pp. 1157-63.)
I'm definitely not fully prepared. Well, not fully prepared to go sub 2 hours, which is what a I want to do. Part of me thought, well, if I can't go sub 2 there is no point in running it, not considering the circumstances. But there is a slight chance I can hit that goal. If everything goes perfectly of course. :o) I'm praying for 55-60 degree temps at the 7am start time. I think that will help greatly. When the temperature gets about 65 and there is some humidity, I just don't do as well.
Anyway over to the lobbyist Don who told Sky News Online: "Men who regularly drink over 50 units a week and women who regularly drink over 35 units a week are considered 'high risk' and very likely to develop alcohol-related health problems.
This time the surgery – and the loss of blood – was more extreme. Dan says the hospital replaced 75 percent of his blood volume. He learned later than the surgeons had used a silk ribbon to permanently tie-off his left carotid artery. He was told his body would adapt to having only one functioning artery, with his right carotid growing larger to handle the blood flow of two.
Bearing the spark of life
Then you are forced to keep constantly being on terrible “reality television” programs.
Thursday: Pages 153-214
In the wee hours of morning, 5:45a to be exact, we were picked up at Casa de las Tias by Laguna Lodge’s bus. More like a mini-bus, it was air conditioned, spacious, and all-around comfortable. As we were the first on the bus, the next two hours were spent driving around the Central Valley picking up the other guests.
I found myself going for walks through this neighbourhood for no reason other than to look around. The long walks to the bus stop, and long bus ride to the school were worth getting the chance to call this friendly place home.
Aviva (aka Norwich Union) has announced that it is seeking to restructure its £1BN offer to policyholders for its inherited estate, which was agreed in July 2008.
Wouldn't it be great if animals could talk? If we, as humans, could find a way to easily communicate- sans tail wags and pouting eyes?
In training we had the most adorable puppy which our family bathed on a regular basis. This is the first puppy in my town, that I've found which they bathe. Yay! That means I can pet him and play with him to my hearts content.
in his
I do believe we should no longer allow the political world to use us. We can’t let politicians dangle the issue of abortion in front of us and then lead us wherever they feel we should go.
“NOOOOOOO IDIOT!!!!!! NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!”
I had planned this post Saturday night. Honest. Not exactly like this, but more or less. I am not copying you or jumping on your rolling bandwagon. Cross my heart.
I’m pregnant.
God is the Master Chef of comfort food. I look forward to taking the first steps on this Made to Crave journey. Will you join me?
the 60 year old men walking on the beach in their Speedos! True story!
It is hilarious, but also rather sweet.
Skeeter: Then we went out back behind the port-o-let and I fucked her mouth real hard. ‘Member, you were taking pictures and tossing the mayo balls into my mouth while I partied all on her gums?
Parra adds that it is an opportunity to plant a seed within the San Jose community. There is no doubt that proud Sharks and Ducks fans alike will be psyched for the game.
As usual, I colored her with copic
You and your guests should sit in a pretty room
Incidentally, I will be putting up an anthology containing the final drafts of these poems at some point. But next up it’s the hardest sonnet yet: the dreaded Onegin stanza of Pushkin! Don’t miss it.
Our babies are five months old. They have been home for four months. I bet we have called Dr.C's office at least twenty five times, not to mention a dozen calls to the on call doctor during non business hours.
So answer us, guys. It saves time, trouble, and aggravation.
Today we're experiencing some sort of weather inversion thing as the result of all the cooler, drier air and apparently the smoke from all these fires is trapped at the surface in a nice little bubble over central Texas. Walking out of your house and seeing/smelling smoke when it's this dry? Terrifying. And ironically, all the smoky haze on the horizon looks just like a wall of rain coming in -- the kind of rain that falls out of a uniformly grey sky and gently soaks the earth for hours at a time. The kind of rain that we desperately need here, but there's none to be had in our forecast.
Keiko arrives at 11pm. She pretty much ignores my pleas to go to the hospital (which I am totally thankful for) and gives me a can of gas and air. Cos I’ve never done any drugs, I didnt know how to suck it properly (like a bong i guess) and Keiko was like - “Dont you ever get high?!” I started laughing…Once I got the hang of it, I sat there sucking on that tube for dear life! I thought it would make me feel sick and lightheaded but it was just perfect. It took the edge off the contractions even though it made my mouth all crusty and dry.
Is creating such an energetic and physical brand of comedy a funny process in itself, or is it simply too demanding to be like that?
The very first time we met
The waterworks dates to 1801, when it was the first major urban water utility in the country. Early steam engines drove pumps that lifted water from the river to a reservoir at Faire Mount, now the site of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, from which point it was gravity-fed to the entire city.
All the while I’m hearing, “You better try to visit soon, they’re talking about putting a law in place to disallow tourists from patronising the coffee shops etc.” – Each time I thought it was going into effect in the same year I would hear this. 2010 came around, and so did the EU visa exemption for certain of us Caribbean nations. I alerted my friends and after very little planning, we were going to ‘Dam.
The EU instruments of Protected Denomination of Origin (PDO) and Protected Geographical Indication (PGI) protect a product's name and are based on specific quality standards and methods of production. Currently, almost 700 PDOs and PGIs have been registered in the EU. More than 200 cases are still awaiting registration. There has been a rapid increase in the number of registered names and insufficient
Look, an animal with a cunt on it's back!
died: 1812
Does it matter? No – not if you want every college in the country to become a ‘university’ on the premise that it is not part of the defining ethos of such an institution to be involved in research.
Poor little chap then had to have another ‘intervention’ to alleviate this problem and was put into ITU with one to one care.
The Country Women's Association (or CWA) is an organisation here in Australian, run by women, which aims to improve the lives of women, children and families throughout rural and remote Australia. They have been around for nearly 100 years and women from all over Australia have contributed the most gorgeous recipes for cakes, jams, biscuits, main meals, sweets, sauces, puddings etc to this cookbook. This is a collection of some of my favourite recipes. I also have the CWA 'bible', The CWA Cookery Book and Household Hints but prefer the "Country Classics" for every day cooking.
Of too much sweetness
____ Refrains from jokes at other's expense
My sassy aprons are handmade by me using my unique, original designs, and they are guaranteed to bring a smile your face or your family's!
That's my card.
who checks in on me regularly.
We have to wait on the Lord for He has us here on earth for His own purpose. We are plainly told in 1 Corinthians 12:27 that we “are the body of Christ, and members in particular.” The Lord Jesus Christ is exalted in heavenly places and has His church, the body of Christ, here to do His work and to bring glory to Himself.
Oh, guess what else! On Sunday we went to Vera Cruz, a small town about a 15 minute bus ride away from Santa Cruz that is also part of our area. There isn´t a branch in Vera Cruz yet, so the members that live there come all the way to Santa Cruz on Sundays to come to church. I loved it!!! I felt like I was back in Rio Pardo again...small and quiet town with dirt roads and green fields. Sister Dangerfield took me to meet Magda and Èder and their family...4 little boys and a new baby girl, Stefany. Èder is Antònia and Elias´ son and has been investigating the church ever since his sister, Tatiane, was baptized in Rio Pardo! :) I really liked them a lot...Magda is 23 years old and already a mom of 5 children!! And such a good and loving mom too.....and Èder reminded me so much of his dad, Elias!
Thanks to the American made Islamic Hell in North Africa and the wider Middle East, there are millions of Orthodox Iraqis, Egyptians and Libyans who need a home. These are our co-religionists. We used to be the protectors of the faith, its time to take up that mantel again.
Although some readers agreed with me that we are not tasering people enough, Stan was so upset with my piece that he wrote, "I swear I thought this was a parody" and called my post "obnoxious," implying that I deserve tasering myself. Then he apparently had second thoughts and awarded himself the "idiot of the day award." It takes a big man to admit when you are wrong, Stan. Of course, my pieces are not parody as you originally thought and I am glad you corrected yourself.
Now in darkness world stops turning
Who's damaging my mail? Last week I've already found a letter open in my mailbox (hopefully nothing was missing), and today I received a letter in this yellow plastic bag you can see on the picture above. Why was it in this bag? Because the envelope was torn. Literally. Look out:
Come Monday, I'll be outta here until Thursday. Hoping for smooth sailing this week, I'm taking 16 senior citizens on a 3 day jaunt to the beach. Ah the fun of carpooling in a caravan when a bus isn't available! In case you're wondering, this is a group I'll have to keep up WITH, not push around. You know the world has changed when you're giving seniors your cell phone number to put in their cell phones in case of emergency. My Grandmothers would never have been farther than yelling distance on a trip.
Because it doesn’t matter whether you’re remembered for good things or bad things. Just as long as you’re remembered. Fame doesn’t give a shit about morality. Fame doesn’t differentiate between top ten hit singles or the number of people you stuff into a mass grave. History enshrines Hitler and Michael Jackson both on an equal footing (though I know who I’d trust to babysit).
Maybe I'm wishin'.
I've been sober since August 28th so I think I'm something like 16 days clean.
The gigantic biotech corporation Monsanto is threatening to destroy the agricultural biodiversity which has served mankind for thousands of years. The endless list of genetically modified seeds sold and controlled by Monsanto are putting at enormous risk age-old agricultural patterns under the presumptuous slogan of aiming at solving the huge problem of hunger in the world.
in Paris
I started preparing early that morning, dressing us all in our Sunday best. I packed a bag of books and quiet toys with which LG could entertain himself. I read my scriptures and prayed. I hoped against hope that the afternoon meeting would go off without a hitch. But as the time for my appointment approached, I grew more and more uneasy. How was I going to give the impression that I had my stuff together? How would I avoid the humiliation of having the bishop discover that I had flaws?
My cooking is all about a demonstration of care for the people in my life who mean the most. That's not to say I don't care for Chuck-- we have a great platonic, cohabitational relationship-- but I just don't get the push that I had with my parents (and now GDA) to cook. Last week I had an event at work that lasted until 8:00. Chuck was cooking steak when I came home, and offered me some. At first I refused-- it was late for me to eat-- but I relented when the irresistible scent of cooked steak permeated the house. It was too much for my stomach to take! I had a half of a steak... and it was good. I appreciated Chuck taking care of me when I needed it after such a long day at work.
Sate Ponorogo
telling me all you shits
*Still postcards
I understand there was a rationale for trading for Bordick. Rey Ordonez, #34 on our list, got hurt in 2000, and Steve Phillips makes a panic move sending fan favorite and super-utility man Melvin Mora to Baltimore for Oriole-lifer Mike Bordick.
I'm working on a couple other posts, but I can't concentrate because social media is driving me insane. So please bear with me while I get this off my chest, and then I promise I won't mention facebook again for at least three or four days, minimum.
B. Synthesis between oral and written Torah. Since Judaism believes that the two Torahs are one message, Midrash compilations full of written Torah proof texts exist to provide a synthesis. They end up being commentaries to Scripture. “In later times they framed propositions by appeal to Scripture, closing the gap between conceptions held by sages and those put forth in Scripture.”[5]
Union Carbide paid $470 million dollars compensation to the Indian government, before the company’s shares were bought by Dow in 2001. Dow insists it has no connection with the tragedy and is not liable for any further compensation claims, which are the subject of legal action in India.
Well, apparently I bought the non-browning onions for this recipe. I cooked them on the lowest setting on my stove for 1 hour - no colour. OK, the recipe said 1 hour or more, so I nudged the heat up a little and another 35 minutes passed - no colour. So, now the husband is home and the in laws are on their way over and I have a pot of ghostly onions. Patience lost at this point, I decided to crank up the heat and carry on!
- Just 16.7% of the assertions of the most-litigated patents were made by product-producing companies.
Here's how you can win:
How to tackle a case study interview
I love hearing my phone chirp letting me know that a special someone is trying to chat with me on gmail.
If you constantly fire rockets into Israel, then Israel is going to react, possibly – and not unreasonably – by sending troops into the country from which it is being attacked. If the IRA had been repeatedly/constantly shelling Liverpool from positions just outside Dublin, the British government would have done more than send a few SAS men into the Republic of Ireland to assassinate people (as they did without the provocation of suffering rocket-attacks from foreign soil).
Today, I'd like to share a few projects that will be great for Easter.
So I'm in much more of a "traditional" Executive Producer position on RAPID FIRE, allowing me far more time to worry about ELITE TACTICAL UNIT, with principal filming beginning later this summer!
hahaa
I was looking at all the pictures we have of Acacia’s short life on my computer. I studied her tiny, almost perfect yet so broken body. Her body wasn’t meant for this world. I have that clarity and certainty around my daughter’s death. I know why she died….trisomy 18...holes in her heart, under developed lungs, extra blood vessels between her heart and lungs that shouldn’t have been there, most likely she would have had trouble eating if she hadn’t needed a breathing tube to survive, mental retardation – to what extent we’ll never know… the list goes on and on. When she died in my arms, for a few moments, I was so at peace. I knew she needed to die. I knew she was suffering on this earth. I was just thankful I could hold her as she left the world, and went on to whatever comes next. I hope her transition was peaceful. But now, I miss her so much.
Being good church folk, the presenters don't miss a chance to save a few souls. My friend Sue, for example, stood duty at First Presbyterian in the persona of a Scottish woman named Prudence McTavish, though to be honest Sue's accent sounded a bit more like Mrs. Doubtfire than that of our authentic Highlander friend, Sami. Though, to be further honest, Sami's from the Hebrides, not the Highlands. But her Scottish accent is spot on. Or at least I think it is, because I only understand about half of what she says.
If you're newly broke, or trying to save money for other purposes like paying down debt, your grocery list is a great place to look for savings. Although food is the third-largest expenditure for most households, after housing and transportation, it's also one of the most flexible and can easily be trimmed on the fly. Here are some general principles to keep in mind:
such accidents? What are the stats?” I think it would be
I live in a valley not far from the Sierras. The road in between home and the mountains runs along pockets of valley areas with quiet streams and openness that seems to go on and on. I love these valley areas and the magnificent view of the mountains and the endless sky. Thinking of a summer vacation has made for, "A Painting Day".
revealed by artist's eyes and hands long ago
~Henry David Thoreau~
Here are some more layouts I created this weekend:
Fantasy Faire ended yesterday and it was a huge success like most RFL events, I will write about all of that later, right now I am taking a dive into all my regular fashion blogging and the crazy amount of new events that start today and all over the week.
I'm not as familiar with Gottfried, but I know Auster follows European politics almost as closely as he follows domestic American politics. His main concern isn't religion. It's "anti-semitism". If he gets the slightest whiff that a person or organization opposes jewish interests, explicitly or not, it doesn't matter whether they are good Christians, dislike muslims, or agree with him on every other point of his pro-jewish worldview.There might well be problems with the liberal ideas that Jews have supported until now, but it is simply wrong to pretend that Jewish liberals act from liberal motives that have nothing to do with their Jewish fears and hostilities. I've never met a Jewish liberal whose leftist politics was not in some way connected to his self-identity as a Jew.Auster only poses as an anti-"liberal" "conservative". His preoccupation is with defending jewish interests. His opposition to immigration into the West is based primarily on it being bad for jews. His dissembling about "liberalism" and "judeo-Christian" heritage is only part of his deliberate and more general conflation of White and jewish interests. Gottfried likewise but less blatantly poses as a "conservative" against "liberalism". Together he and his friend Auster demonstrate that self-identity as a jew is not only connected to "liberals" and leftist politics.
“One of them is,” she answered.
Mr. Lauren, if you're reading this (which I'm sure you are): Ralphie, forgive me.
Matty has a new neighbor, and she strongly suspects the kilt-wearing hottie is a vampire—he only goes out at night, has weird visitors and the blood bank is making regular deliveries. But he doesn’t seem to hurt anyone, so “live and let live” is Matty’s motto. Until she sees a guy armed with crosses and wooden stakes breaking into the neighbor’s house. Matty charges to the rescue—and ends up in Mr. Hottie’s
I haven't quite worked out why it happens, but every so often when I get into my car and hit the 'Play' button on the music, it reverts to the same sequence of tracks.
My website, annrobinsontextiles.com, serves as a gallery and as a direct communication link. The interactive process between the artist and the interested party begins with a communication (personal, telephone, email) outlining what s/he has in mind, a piece on the site or a custom option.
Communication technology has produced the greatest positive change in Congress, according to Pelosi, in that it gives immediate voice to the people who send representatives to their government. She does, to her credit, admit that new media also offer the possibility for more chaos and confusion, although she unfairly attributes that to Republicans in a plainly partisan remark. I would agree with both observations, although I think it’s important to acknowledge that what’s happening to politics and governance as a result of new technologies is 1) not completely new to the last 25 years, and 2) much more impactful on our social system than on any one specific body.
Doilies : Little Yellow Bicycle
Tomorrow we're back to our normal routines and hopefully that will help me recharge after a very draining couple days. As for now, early bedtime for mommy. :)
Serve using your best serving spoon and remember to enjoy that unique squelching noise you get when you take the first spoonful. Magic !!
This film provides cool 1970s special effects and acting. It has George Peppard transitioning from suave (Banacek) to his later roles as a commando (A-Team). It also has two of the great 3-named stars of the 1970s, Jan-Michael Vincent and Jackie Earle Haley.
Ink: Colorbox Premium Dye Ink (Chocolate, Licorice, )
(Matthew 13:33 ESV)
I had a few Yuenglings over that week at O'Shea's. There's really no neighborhood bar where I live, and so when on the road, I sometimes adopt one for a few days. You can easily beat O'Shea's beer selection, but you can't beat O'Shea's as a place for people to get together. One night, I struck up a conversation with the person next to me and turns out, he was a Chicago Cubs fan just like me, and grew up in Holland, MI. I had actually been to Holland, MI for a collegiate cross-country race so we talked a little about the town, and what it was like for him to grow up there. One of the many great things about beer is that it brings strangers together.
of memories
Ring: F21
Oh, say does that
By my count of the posted comments, the Kennedy worshipers have it, 31-5, over the critics. But if Pat Hickey and I were both censored, who knows how many other critics were, too. Thus, the idolatrous consensus on behalf of Kennedy in NCR’s comment section must be seen as having been manufactured.
I.C.A. London 18th October 1976
Married, yes. Happily ever after? There is no such thing.
May first: my Grandma’s birthday. My Granny (our name for my great grandmother) gave my Grandma’s older sister the middle name May after the month she was born. Grandma was supposed to be born in April and receive the middle name April, but she kept her grubby little claws in that uterus until the first of May. Out of spite, my Grandma says, Granny refused to give her ANY middle name.
President: Naomi Jeulin Hong
In my young adult years, I spent so much of my time nose deep in books – academic tomes and periodic journals – while studying at University, it left little time to write fiction. But I still managed to read and added quite frequently to my collection of hardcovers and paperbacks in those four years. With all of the other pressures pushing down on me, reading was enough to satisfy the monster-sized imagination that had grown inside my mind…
1. Layers – The Musical Story – June 17, 2011 – available at the iTunes store. Once you are in the store, just type in “uncommonpromise” and it will take you to the Layers CD and all of our other music as well.
* And many more...
First smile caught on camera. She's either happy or irrate, even trying reflux meds to see if that doesn't help her out. She loves tummy pressure, mommy, mommy, and mommy. She is already in solid 6 months clothes and is the family favorite (okay, she is still working on Adam, but he'll come around.)
But, if you can’t do that, don’t worry. I feel the Kirkus reviewer may underestimate American teens. After all British readers cope fine with references to bathrooms, vacation, proms and sophomores. We’re not too bothered by sidewalks and drugstores.
If you’re discouraged and are experiencing issues finding the answers you need relating to your warts, we’ve found a great learning resource which will surely be able to help you find the options you need. It really is time for you to cope with your warts whether or not they’re simply planters warts on feet or some other type of wart anyplace on your body for good. It’s undoubtedly possible to get rid of warts from your daily life. For all wart details such as prevalent plantar wart treatment check out easyplantarwarttreatment.com.
Today, I feel better about it all. Now that I have a working laptop, and a new car battery installed, everything seems a bit more doable.
So what do I want anyway? Am I really asking that Christians step out of the political sphere as outspoken self-appointed champions of god and get about the business of governing or doing whatever they happen to be doing, and that’s it? Just be responsible for your own ‘walk with god’ and let everyone else be responsible for theirs? Would I dare say that Christians shouldn’t be using their ‘faith’ as some justification for waging a war on women? On the poor and our un-insured fellow-man? Yes. Absolutely yes. What is a personal relationship with god when it isn’t so personal after all? And what the hell is it with Tim Tebow, sports figures in general and just about everyone who thinks their god has given ‘them’ a green-light to pray publicly when your holy book clearly says, don’t? Instead of wearing your ‘I’m with Jesus’ t-shirt’, what about being the kind of person who elicits questions like, “Hey, what is it about you that makes you so nice?” or “Ya know, you coulda lied back there to cover up that mistake and noone would be none-the-wiser. Why didn’t you?”.
1. Önsöz 02:21
Small town girl, assets and asset
That’s one of our young trainees who came to us through Connections. He has really stepped up to some huge challenges that life has thrown to him and overcome some pretty tough situation. He has been in and out of foster care for most of his life and was made homeless at just 17 when he was living back with his mother. His dad refused to let him stay at his house with his new family. While sleeping rough in his friend’s car he arrived at Create and admitted that he was “sleeping rough”. We arranged with the help of Sunderland City Council to get him into Centre Point Hostel while he attended the create course.
Former police intelligence chief Kire Naumov said if the police claims about cells of Islamist terrorists proved true, the country faced a serious challenge.
A group of teens go to Paris for vacation until one of the girls gets recognized as a british socialite.
When you have too much time on your hands
He replied, "It was 'stumble.'
WHITE CAKE
When I buy fabric, it's not always apparent what it should be made into. Some fabrics shout out exactly what they should be as soon as you clap eyes on them. For others, it's more of a slow burn, with ideas coming and going. I prefer to wait until the perfect combo presents itself, sometimes this happens whilst I'm on the bus, when I'm asleep (yes, I dream about fabric...) but sometimes it's when I see a garment on another sewing blog.
John Bruce Eagleson, 53, Middlefield, Conn.
Instead, be realistic about your workload or reason for being on the computer, and perhaps plan your day into easy-to-manage segments so that you’re not relying on the computer for hours on end. Have a major presentation to prepare for? Spend a few hours researching your presentation, followed by a few hours away from the computer to prepare it. That way, you won’t be limited to what you can do on the computer, but will at the same time be thinking of your eyesight.
I've heard the complaints over the years about the cost-benefit requirements for various Federal transit capital funding programs. In principle I'm in favor of cost-benefit analysis. Who wouldn't want to know whether they're getting their money's worth?
with nine people on it?
I was pretty happy with the outcome and my M-I-L loves it, so it was well worth the time.
Lay pretzels out on baking sheet. Place chocolate on top. Bake 3-4 min just until the chocolate begins to soften. DON'T let it melt completely. Take out of oven and top with M & M. Eat warm or place in fridge to set up.
1. Never go grocery buying on an completely empty stomach.
All of this adds complexity upon complexity, unless of course you are the British MSM. Then all you have to do is plant the flag and talk in trite generalities, as does the Daily Mail today.
"This is not an easy process. It does take time," he said. "At this stage, it is not at capacity."
Digital Short: Gotye Backstage
Hi Peeps,
Just type October 21, 2011 into Google and look under the news section, and you’ll see what I mean. How many media people were there during the May 23 Open Forum, when Mr. Camping proclaimed the October 21 date? That was God doing it! Trust me, October 21 will be here before you know it. 5 months will go quickly. At least it’s not 5 years.
1. May 8 Tuesday: Trivia Night at London Bridge Pub
In my defense I had a traumatic childhood, a terrible wedding day, blah blah blah.
Ooh, Blogger has a new interface and, as with all new things, I find it scary and unusable. I am sure I'll get used to it but I am not overly keen of it thus far.
Only time will tell if they, or any of the others, make that move. But if we are going to regain our swagger in the short sprint and the relay someone will have to step up and become a solid 9.8x performer that can be counted on to consistently deliver. This season is going to tell us a lot about who that may be.
Despite the fact that many believe that River Downs and other racetracks are dying a slow death, there’s still something about the place that draws me in on a random Saturday or an midweek afternoon when I can’t stand being in the office anymore. There’s something fantastic about studying past performances in the program, making mindless conversation with someone in line to make a bet, and swigging down a watery beer as you wait for the horses to reach the post. Like a drug, I love the seven minutes of anticipation between the moment when the bugle blows the horses onto the track and when the announcer states “the horses have reached the post” just before the bell goes off and the gates open.
The latest subdivisions (for sale) on the Taieri resemble every substandard example seeded at Wanaka district … a lowbrow microcosm of the scurge of dormitory suburbs that sweep the world, starting closeby at Auckland. Luckily, we don’t have the population at Dunedin to extend too far, and we have too much local debt (a different sort of extension, why thanks DCC) ??
PRETORIA -- Correctional Services Minister Sipo Mzimela yesterday announced a special six-month remission for all sentenced prisoners to mark President Nelson Mandela's birthday.
Caleb – Oregon
I wasn't a huge fan of Vera's gowns until one of my 2008 brides wore one on her wedding day. It was the most beautiful and romantic gown I'd seen so far. If I ever have a vow renewal someday, I will definitely check out some of Vera's new gowns! :)
Brent Miller – bass guitar, vocals;
Life in "Room 200" is going well, and the reality that Andrew is coming home soon sets in more and more each day. "When?" you may ask. Well, that is still up to him really, but we speculate that it could be as soon as next week or the week following if things continue to progress like they've been. (GULP! EEEK! YAY!)
Happy Birthday November Club, the tributes just keep pouring in:
Sort of.
Thinking about starting a Team Beachbody Coach business? The Coach Challenge packs also include the Game Plan Tools Kit and Business Essentials Starter Program for no additional cost! The initial Coaching fee is waived! What a great deal, wish they offered this when I signed up! Click here to find out more about being part of Angie's Beachbody Coaching Team.
Now that I have gone on about things that many others experience, how do you find the time for genealogy and related activities? Do you find that time management skills are any different when it comes to genealogy than other areas of your life?
Every experience is unique and every action has an equal and opposite reaction, and as the Mezla travels through the tree, expanding and contracting rising and descending through the experiences of the Conscious Ego. As it travels forth and explores its limbs, it multiplies, again and again it’s possible combinations, pouring these experiences forth into the great mixing bowl of Yesod. Yesod is the foundation of the Kingdom; and whatever experiences the Ego takes in and internalizes will become the fruit of the Kingdom or Malkuth below. This why the work of magic is so essential, we cannot help but inform our world, for no other reason than that it is ours. We must develop the powers of our souls in all directions in order to create a lasting Kingdom that will be firm and can withstand the blows of our rocky and often brutal existence.
I reflected on Rob’s words once again after closing down the Firestone. Rob had told me just before he died to “lock the doors and walk away”. I’d argued then that I couldn’t, but in the end, he was right and it’s basically what I ended up doing. I felt badly that 17 years in business had gone down like this, but I felt a gigantic relief too knowing that that part of my life was over and I wouldn’t have to struggle worrying about a failing business anymore and could just take time to breathe!
But that doesn't mean that I can't get away for a few hours. I don't have to allow my burdens to overcome me. Nature has always been a place for my deepest scars to heal, and I woke up Sunday morning with the aching desire to see the ocean. So that's what we did.
“What do you mean?”
These banded (or ringed) off-round and semi-baroque shapes will read as less formal and 'lady' than perfect spheres.
What's at the top of your list so far for 2011?
It is so beautiful to see your children blossom and gain confidence over the years. My daughter(7) has been quite shy and reserved but in this last year we have witnessed her come out of her shell and it is quite amazing to watch.
We didn't talk about much: our backgrounds, what we were doing in Amsterdam. He talked about Dutch girls; I pretended to be interested in that topic, but rather focused on what he looked like naked and on top of me. But the eye contact - that in itself was just magnetic, almost playful. Or maybe it was all in my head. After all, he DID talk about the "hot dutch girls". But... the eye contact said otherwise. Our legs brushed against each other a few times.
Parenthood also includes seeing your kids off at the AFEES as they take the oath on enlisting because job opportunities were stretched thinner than a Crêpes Suzette thanks to scumbags like your husband. Parenthood also includes crying inside and out knowing that your teenage child will get sent into a war zone needlessly created by your husband's party despite the recruiter's assurances they wouldn't. Parenthood for over 5000 families also includes receiving a flag folded into a tight little triangle by an honor guard at graveside. But you and your kids wouldn't know anything about that.
I was lucky enough to have some packs of Polaroid 600 film stashed away before the unfortunate end of it’s production by the Polaroid Corp in 2009. This precious little cargo made it’s way to Paris with me. One of the first projects for me on arrival was to meander les rues in the dull gray chill of winter, clutching my thrifty OneStep camera, savoring reverently & deliciously something which could in all likelihood never be available again.
‘sounds productive,’ he said.
Many evangelicals today consider homosexuality as the greatest threat to our society. God destroyed Sodom and Gomorah, right? No society in history has ever been established on the premise that marriage could be defined by anything other than a man and a woman. Well, I’m here to tell you that this is not the most destructive culprit in our society today. The truth is, this is just another sin that is given more attention than it deserves. The real problem is that we have lost the spirit to defend each others rights. We are more focused on defining marriage (in essence a limitation of rights) than demanding the government cut back on our debt.
The principal duties of the office are: collection of all delinquent property taxes, custodian of all county funds, conducts the public land auction of real estate delinquent two and one half years (2 1/2), receives and disburses state monies to the various units, for example, sales tax, intangible taxes, income taxes, etc., and is a member of the County Tax Allocation Board, County Building Authority and County Plat Board by law.
The key to a good relationship is surely A Good Sense of Humour!
R. Sungenis: The indisputable point in fact is that Olivieri proposed a line of reasoning that was false. The issue before the Church was not whether Copernicanism made the Earth move with a defective and “devastating mobility,” but that the 1616 and 1633 Church said the Earth did not move, AT ALL. Let’s look at the Sentence once again:
1/4 cup almonds, chopped
That evening we had purchased tickets to see Mike Birbiglia's comedy show. Before that we had to try another amazing restaurant. Char and Di know all the hotspots. Caracas. Venezuelan food. Arepas. Amazing. Then to the show.
Most toys are educational in some respect, however the best educational toys allow a lot of interaction between the child and the toy. For instance, a wind-up toy that can only be wound up and then let go does not encourage a great deal of interaction. After winding it up, the child must sit and watch the toy do whatever it does. But a little car with no winding mechanism must be driven by the child. It can go up the side of the sofa and into all kinds of corners and crevices that the wind-up toy cannot go into. The child can build a garage from blocks or books for the car and pretend a great many things with it. The wind-up toy does not really encourage the use of imagination like the car does.
Temperament: Self-confident, good natured, friendly and fearless. Aggressiveness not to be tolerated.
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—Guess I spoke too soon, because here I am already with a new post! I guess this is what slacking off from going to the gym will do: free up time for blogging. I'll be back to my two-session-a-week routine next week, I promise!
with a good
Dear John:
When I first realized how hard and time-consuming it was going to be to level the pad by hand, I started looking for shortcuts. I thought, Hmm, it's really only the rubble trench foundation that needs to be level, so I'll just start digging from the highest point and measure the 18 inches from there, and then level the trench with rubble later. And then the floor can be leveled with scoria much later.
a) short video clips (less than 3. minutes) uploaded on youtube.com
“…the Bible is a good book on history in those times just like the iliad and the oddysey are good looks into Greek culture and lifestyle.” Yes, it is good for looking at the culture of the people of the time, but just like the Odyssey and Iliad (which are obviously fictional works), you would not use them in a serious historical debate, because the bible contains things that don’t match up with history. One such example is the fall of Jericho. It is known that something caused the walls around the city to fall, and that is mentioned in the bible, but historical records show that it was centuries off from when the bible says it is. The same is true of the Odyssey and Iliad. Trying to use the bible as a historical document of the Middle East is like trying use Spider Man as a historical document of New York City. Sure, a few things are matched up, like there is an Empire State Building in both reality and Spider Man, but the events that occur around it are all fictional.
When the red lamp in your room is quietly sparked.
I was asked to name my friends that I would call on to have a hello or a hang out.
Assaulting my red cheeks as down I fly!
A complete novice to Maggie Stiefvater’s writing, the cat went into The Scorpio Races without too many expectations. A good thing too, because if she’d had them, she surely would have been disappointed. The Scorpio Races is not about “Scorpios” nor is it about “Races” at all,… so far for the title giving away the whole plot. Not necessarily a bad thing, of course. The Scorpio Races is actually about Maggie Stiefvater painting a picture of an island, Thisby, in a non-descript period of time. A painting of a place-less place in a time-less time, if you will. Stiefvater definitely does her utmost to make that painting as universal as possible, which is bound to alienate a bunch of readers, amongst which also the cat…
OMG, their burger is so juicy and fresh (look at the lettuce and tomatoes)! And the bread is very soft, too! It tastes fantastic with their own special Shake Shack sauce!
British blogger Oliver Kamm is a moderate Leftist who supported the Iraq war -- much like his Prime Minister. In his postings of 7th & 8th June, 2004, he has an interesting survey of the Leftist claim that Ronald Reagan turned into a peacenik in the latter part of his Presidency. The claim is not as ridiculous as it seems. Reagan definitely did have the very idealistic aim of de-nuclearizing the world. And he went close to achieving it. He and Gorbachev at Reykjavik actually agreed to scrap all nuclear weapons on both sides. It was only Reagan's refusal to scrap his missile defence program that scuppered the agreement. And it may also be noted that Reagan was no warmonger. The overseas military operations he initiated were tiny compared to what his three successors as President have done and tiny compared to the great but fumbled intervention in Vietnam. Reagan's concentration was on building up American strength at home rather than on intervening abroad.
Dump everything in the crock pot. Stir together. Cook on low setting for 7 - 9 hours. Serve over rice.
Set on the beautiful Lazulis Island, you play as Zael, a young mercenary aspiring to become a knight. Standing in the way of his dream, however, are the Gurak, an exiled people who want to reclaim Lazulis Island for themselves, and Zael and his companions must join forces with the island’s ruler, Count Arganan, to try and halt the invasion. They’ll face several opponents both within and without the Castle walls as they work to gain the count’s favour, but Zael soon learns that there’s something else lurking in the depths of Lazulis Castle that could end up destroying much more than just the Gurak. With Count Arganan set on going to war, Zael must make a decision: either fulfil his dream and win the chance to marry the girl he loves, or give it all up to save the lives of thousands.
If you think you can spout words that are laced with vicious and cruel intent because your religion says you are the Chosen One and that all who don’t agree are infidels, non-believers, heretics or just intellectually crippled, grab yourself a dictionary and look these up: UNDERSTANDING, TOLERANCE, EQUALITY. If you are still struggling after these then you are beyond hope and useless in a world that needs balanced thinking. Any marginalising that could possibly be condoned would be that carried out against you.
I never forgot such incredible kindness.
The Earth is shifting; in fact, it is getting an entire new grid system. The tectonic plates are wobbling magnetically as well. So finding and staying in our centers is becoming more difficult. Some symptoms that are popping up for people that are extra sensitive to the Earth’s energies might be mild nausea, like morning sickness, a slight dull headache that won’t go away, and a sore spot in the heart chakra area. These are temporary situations.
It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant.
When my friend and I walked up to the store we saw this dress styled in the window. I immediately fell in love with the colors...it was just so pretty! I tried this dress on in a size 2 and it was a good fit. That was about all that went well with this dress for me. First. the neckline really bugged me. It's so high that you can't really do much in way of a necklace since there's a bow there. It limits styling options. Second, the dress came down to just above my knees, which is shorter than I like. It did have a lot of hem that could possibly be let out, or a slip could be worn with it to get some more length. Easy fix. That however, isn't enough to make up for the neckline. Overall the print is amazing, and the idea of it is cute, but the negatives outweigh the positives for me, so it's a pass for now.
First time in almost 13 years anyone has.
I intend to complete a pendant-and-earrings set that I’ve got in the works, depicting a starry, moonlit night over the ocean with cliffs in the background and a dark tree in the foreground. The beads are made, they just need to be set on the silver which the lucky owner will be able adorn themselves with!
Components: V, S
Honestly, I'm not a movie watcher, so this commentary/observation is rather ironic coming from me. What do you think?
When The Hubs picked Lil’ Man up, there was an instant five-foot blast zone and a winding trail from the dining table into the kitchen appeared. Our chocolate lab was totally overwhelmed by her duty as our dog-vuum. She quickly retreated to her kennel with a sigh of defeat and buried her head in her blankets as if not seeing it would make the couscous nightmare disappear.
I really hope this dress stays white for longer than 5 minutes, there's a reason why I almost always wear black and that's because I get everything dirty! I couldn't resist this dress though, and like with the blouse, the quality seems to be better than on the stock photo, I really love it and the fabric and most of the lace is cotton. I do believe this to be a Liz Lisa replica, but for a replica it's really good quality! The lace is just perfect (*≧m≦*) hnnnggg. The waist is big though, I hope it fits!
My Dad also ordered some pecan, hazelnut, chestnut and apple trees that we were able to set out last weekend, as well as the usual mulching, weeding, trimming, rebuilding, etc. and so on that never seems to cease. That's a good thing though, since I have been battling bouts of depression since my mother passed away. It's nice to have something productive to focus on.
If you live in Ontario, have a valid Ontario Health Card and have a physical disability of six months or longer, you may be eligible for government financial assistance. The Assistive Devices Program (ADP) provides aid for over 8,000 different types of equipment ranging from home oxygen and hearing aids to high-end power wheelchairs.
- Vouchers for free dental sealants and free custom-made mouth guards for children 6-16 years of age
The Hero’s Journey Structure is both formulaic and powerful. It isn’t right for every story, but when it can be applied it makes for some mighty good storytelling. Have fun with it y’all!
Ensamble the cake:
If these groups get their wish we will be importing the descendants of the people who slaughtered thousands of whites and made Haiti unlivable. In sufficient numbers they will have the same effect on America.
Another big problem with CHICAGO: No straight man, audience surrogate, voice of reason. Not a choirboy, mind you, just someone grounded in the real world who can speak for us. The closest it has is John C. Reilly, and frankly, he's nobody's hero. He is a whiny drama queen who if he had any spine would have split a long time ago, but instead stays and puts up with Zellwegger's abuse and expects us to feel sorry for poor "Mr. Cellophane." But he loves her! What is to love? We have never seen a single moment where they appear to have had any joy, or even where he alone has had any joy of being with her. What is the first thing you tell a suffering alcoholic? "STOP DRINKING!" If they can't do that, then any other investment in their welfare is worthless. Same for giving two shits or ten bricks about his character or condition.
7. You start identifying your team’s limitations and strengths, in terms of what they can do or won’t do and why. You extend this concept to yourself as well.
The northern regions beyond Uttarakuru are high up in the Himalayas. Various semi-human species live in these remote areas, which is why they have names like Kimpuruṣa, a term that either means, “what kind of being is this?” or “who owns this place?”
The main collections in both markets are:
5. The League
Rita Marie - Ivory Size 6
After all of the hype, Reloaded failed to deliver on most every level. It confused, angered, and generally wore out everyone in the theater and we all left thinking: “just what are they going to do to end this thing?”
In fact, most of the players waited more than a week after the party to retain counsel.
Singapore 409248
VITAMIN D deficiency is putting Australians at risk of developing diabetes, a landmark study has shown.
Peace tempered my longing, now waits only upon Thee.
David Coleridge, the Executive Director of H. Huntsman & Sons executive, wrote to Westminster City Council. In the letter he said: “The arrival of Abercrombie & Fitch at the end of Savile Row has dramatically changed not just the tone, but the safety, of the street”.
Originally, I had no plan for the interfaith theme to infiltrate the art car project. It simply began to happen, based on the objects my friends offered up. My friend Ellen brought over a colorful cross. My friend Ann Marie contributed a chipped ceramic statue of the Virgin Mary. A plastic angel appeared, followed shortly by a tiny rubber fingerpuppet of the Hindu elephant god, Ganesh, and then, an orange dreidel. My friend Julia arrived with a jumble of alphabet beads and asked, “Guess what it spells?” The letters fell into place to reveal the answer: “On Being Both.”
Gobat presided over the fourth conference of the Union convened in 1892 at Bern. This conference officially established a central headquarters at Bern to be called the Interparliamentary Bureau and entrusted its direction to Albert Gobat. As director of the Bureau, a position he filled without remuneration for the next seventeen years, Gobat supervised the details of setting up the annual conferences, prepared the agenda, arranged for the publication of the proceedings (beginning in 1896), edited a monthly publication to which he frequently made personal contributions, encouraged members to sponsor within their own legislatures proposals to improve relations among nations. After the twelfth Interparliamentary Conference of 1904 in St. Louis passed a resolution calling for a second Hague Peace Conference, it was Gobat who acted as the Union’s spokesman in asking U. S. President Theodore Roosevelt to appeal to all nations to participate in such conference.1
I am pretty sure Luke Woollard’s parents didn’t bring their son up to take for granted their positions so why should the media? Why should the public of Perth be expecting this family to bail him out because he’s the son of a politician and doctor? We’d crucify them for getting him off the charges using their money and power but we can also crucify them for not getting him out of having to file for bankruptcy??
try do the following:
Certain cities, such as, (unfortunately) Las Vegas, are more of a challenge for certain industries, because the Twittersphere is run by casinos, clubs, and their promoters, who are largely followed by tourists and other businesses rather than the fantastic locals. So when I can expand the realm of the target to Sparks or Reno, the task has a higher success rate. Small towns can actually be very good for this.
I knew yesterday was going to be tough. I had to return the rental car by noon and my husband and I were going to a memorial service at 4:00PM. I met up with my mom and she went with me to turn in the rental car. Afterward she took me to Carrabba's for lunch. Now what was I talking about in the first blog post? I need to stop eating out and stop eating a ton of carbs and sugars! But I opted to make a healthier choice at lunch. Rather than getting some white cream sauce, fat laden tastebud pleaser I chose something called Pasta Sostanza. It's a pasta with tomatoes, spinach, roasted garlic, mushrooms, and artichoke hearts. I opted to add grilled shrimp to it. It was really good and there was a ton of it leftover. It's not something that I would normally choose at an Italian restaurant but it was definitely a healthier option and it tasted very good. I plan to have some of that for breakfast today.
the notes of a night song
Eskenazi B, Fenster L, Hudes M, Wyrobek AJ, Katz DF, Gerson J, Rempel DM. A study of the effect of perchloroethylene exposure on the reproductive outcomes of wives of dry-cleaning workers. Am J Ind Med 1991; 20: 593-600.
Over the years, many models have come and go that have made it to my “favorites” list; Iekeliene Stange, Snejana Onopka, Coco Rocha, Freja Baha Erichsen, Coco Rocha, Chanel Iman… There were a lot of them but none have ever managed to topple Lily off of my “ultimate” supermodel ranking. I still follow her stuff from time to time (the latest from a “popular” brand is Calvin Klein) and it makes me a bit sad. Sure, I am well aware of the realities of a modelling career’s longevity but I miss all of them alien girls. I miss seeing all those photos from a few years back that made me look forward to reading my next fashion blog for the day.
Caught in the webs and traps
I broke up with my two-timing sumbitch boyfriend last Saturday and I been thinkin bout settin up with a new man cuz my lectric’s bein shut off in a few daze. What are some things I shud steer clear of? I hope you can help me find Mr. Rite.
9:48 texts exchanged with the mister... did you get it paid? yes, dear! talked with the mortgage broker today.... and what did she say... which reminds me, my house is a mess and yes, folks there is a for sale sign in the yard.. time to tidy up
The father, the seer, you be
My diet is well balanced, I bought it some years ago from a nutritionist. I only made it once since then, and it was a real success. I’ve lost four chilos in three weeks, I felt really good.
Today, I'm realizing that all of these little projects I have lying around the house aren't simply a creative outlet. They are somewhat like therapy or even exercise. My sister has been stitching, too, and the other night she said she wanted to work on her project before she went to bed even though she was really tired. I understand. I think I also need my Art Time. I was always completely relaxed when I got home from my painting class. Stitching for a while stops the hamster wheels that are churning in my mind. And a few weeks ago when I painted the Cattery, every bit of it was calming and intoxicating. Even my body physically responds to the creative process. I felt zoned out, free. (Do I sound like a hippie? I kind of do. If the shoe fits? Whatevs.)
Just popping in with a touch of Tagology homework seeing as I'm back at school. I decided to sign up for the on-line class from Tim Holtz. I'm sure many of you, like me, have made a zillion tags (ok, a slight exaggeration) and know your way around an ink pad. So maybe you're thinking, why bother?
At the time of writing, the bronze medal contenders are only 47 nautical miles from the finish and you can keep up with the race HERE.
and all those bits that
Some sample ideas: Nick-Nacks, picture frames, small seasonal decorations, nail polish, stuffed animals, costume jewelry, scarves, slipper socks, coffee mugs, and many many more. Keep in mind that many of the residents rooms are small so smaller items are preferable. (no candles please because of fire hazard). The reason the nursing homes like stuffed animals is because the residents love to give them to their grandchildren when they come to visit. Remember it is not easy for them to get out and shop any longer.
While it is gone, and nothing can ever change that, Apartheid will be a part of South Africa's future as much as it is a part of her past. Rather than engaging in nostalgic longing for a utopian ideal that never really was, it's important to look at the whys and wherefores if only because without the past we have no idea of where we are now.
If you've holstered your gun by the time police arrive, keep your hands up and in plain sight. Personally, I don't recommend holding the criminal at gunpoint unless the criminal still presents an immediate danger to you or others. It there is no immediate danger and the criminal wants to run, crawl, or hobble away... let them... the police can track them down. If the criminal is down either due to submission to your requests or because you shot the idiot... DO NOT approach him... he may be armed with an additional weapon or try to take yours.
*** IMPORTANT NOTICE ***
"When do we made you look bad?" I asked.
Patterned Paper – KAISERCRAFT Rosa (Gypsy Sisters), Nadia (Gypsy Sisters)
We can now see from images of the carbon fibre ‘cage’ fitted to the front bulkhead of the Mercedes that two tubes emerge and curve down to feed the flow into the front wing via the nose cone.
Splitter devices.
This is a challenge to any programme in any country. Now just think how this is further challenging when you are trying to maintain and grow interest in a television show that is one of the BIGGEST and most watched television programmes in the world? Well this is what the Eurovision Reference Group is responsible for.
Now that I am finally enjoying the sensation of paper (other than kleenex) in my hands, the long weekend has to go and end. Bummer -- just when the JBS April kit kick-started my mojo again! It's a beauty. We're talking (1) Crate Paper Storyteller (and green, wonderful green), (2) a stamp that has made the entire team downright giddy, (3) Hambly overlays that I've been coveting for some time, and (4) a mini-album kit that I keep holding in my hands, imagining the possibilities. I'll have sneaks soon! You can already see some on Megan's blog and Doris's blog.
12. What is the theme/topic of your blog?
66. Grapes of Wrath, The: John Steinbeck
Image is by Hanglar, papers by DCWV, saying with frame and matching punches by Stampin´Up.
Look for the cause of the guilt : What is the mismatch between this “Ideal You” and the real you? Do you have an unmet need? Do you need to change your actions so that they align with your values?
Wow Embossing Powders - Suzy West Collection - California Sunshine
‘Don’t know that I will, but until love can find me, and the girl who’ll stay and won’t play games behind me. I’ll be what I am. A solitary man. A solitary man.
The beers are (from left to right)...
9/29 - Colorado Springs, CO - The Black Sheep (FFDP only)
I even crocheted a little heart. See HERE if you want to make one too. It didn't take long, just about 5 minutes and I'm not that experienced in crocheting. I didn't know what kind of sentiment to add then noticed the name of the DP I was using. You know, on 12x12 sheets there is that little perforated part you can tear off and it has the paper line and info on it. That's what I used.
mistakenly lips collide with needle
This was the second time that my husband, Al, competed in the race. Last year his team took second place. As the race has become more popular, more teams and tougher teams have entered. Saturday there were about 30 teams of all ages. This year the teams were a lot harder to beat, so, unfortunately, after 3 races Al’s team was out. For each round, two boats are race against each other, after two losses a team is out of the race. Each boat has a drummer who’s pulsation of the drum is the “heartbeat” of the dragon and sets the rhythm for the rowers.
Standard Price: $2733.95
My former classmate JC’s laptop was in the middle and to the left & the right of his laptop were two older laptops that I was working on as well, after fixing JC’s laptop, I used his laptop to get some of the files that I needed to install some programs on the other laptops; and I did this by guessing JC’s password and using his log-in information to allow the other laptops access to the files on his laptop, so that I could transfer the files directly from his laptop to the other laptops.
Two houses, two sets of utilities, two sets of taxes and insurance,
Season ticket revenues up by £0.9m to £9.6m…
There’s only flesh and bones in the ground, where my troubles will stay
Take my break my golden calf down
In the spirit of trying something new I had a Tarot reading a few days ago. What an interesting experience. I asked about career, job, future ways to earn money etc. as was requested of the reader. She spread the cards in a Celtic cross and a total of ten cards were pulled. The results were fascinating and I thought I would share them here and get your thoughts on the reading. This reading was done via instant message.
Now, I’ll be the first one to say that I feel like I go through a bit of a metamorphosis every few years. At 31, I don’t feel that I’m the same person I was at 28, and at 28, I wasn’t the same person I was at 25, and at 25, I wasn’t the same person I was at 22 – and God knows I wasn’t the person I was at 18 when I was 22 (thank goodness!). I do feel that I’ve finally gotten to the point where, while I may not totally have it all figured out, I at least know what I want – and a lot of the pieces have fallen into place. I’m fortunate to say that I have a successful “real” career, a “play” side-job that I absolutely love, and I have made some great friends throughout my life. Yes, there is that one elusive piece still missing – someone to share my life with – but I’m continuing to have great faith that, as Kim (one of my very closest friends) always tells me, “he’s just not ready yet.”
You will always see my scissors and some ink pads lying around, have a different scissor for paper/tape/ribbon and fussy cutting and then some spares, lol, cannot run out seeing that i don 't have any machines to cut, all done by hand!!
Fried Herring
Musician, S.T.U.N. lead singer, boyfriend of Alicia Silverstone, Vegan
As I went through the process of rustling up my spare keys, I realized I was ending a fine contractual agreement, concluding a covenant of sorts. It was, as if by being keepers of my keys, my friends had also been keepers of my life.
We started our day MUCH earlier than usual. I was up at 6:30 a.m. to ensure that the boys and I were ready to leave the house by 7:30. We were aiming to catch a 7:39 bus since we were due downtown at 8 a.m. for an appointment at the Canadian Institute of Dental Hygiene. The graduating students are required to do a certain number of teeth cleanings independently (I think it's 20) and they do the cleanings for free (with a *very* small annual fee). Since we don't have dental coverage right now, we decided to check it out. The appointment was very long (4 hrs!) but the students were excellent with the boys. The examinations were incredibly thorough, and we all learned a lot more about Noah and Nathan's mouths than we ever had before at a regular dental appointment. I was surprised that Noah still had several baby teeth left (they showed me where they all were). I thought he had maybe one or two left. Nathan had fun taking rides in the dental chair and answering math problems (one of the student hygienists was working overtime to keep him entertained!)
Full resume and college degree are not required. It is important that you have “real world”, experience working for employers where a job application is required. regardless what positiion you are applying, I want to see where you have worked as a truck driver, or in construction, (for example), and have gained real world experience. Having a degree, ior you have been involved in motorsports because you have wealthy parents doesn’t impress me.
I found lots of words starting with R but I am using a few here with photo’s in a collage, like
TUCSON - U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials confirm with News4, a Pakistani citizen crossed the border illegally from Mexico into Arizona on May 20th.
In one particularly memorable paragraph, the paper describes one couple – 70-year-old man, 21-year-old woman – gazing lovingly at each other at the National Registration Dept. He strokes her hair; she strokes his urine bag. Once they leave the building, he gets paid and it’s Bye Bye Suzie.
Thanks ladies, for posting all these recipes that have made my hectic life a little sweeter:)
Moxie Fab World has a pretty fun challenge called Spectacular Spectacles. I drew out some old style glasses and for the lenses filled one side with plain acetate and the other I used the cracked glass technique over another piece of acetate. Since I had the broken lenses situation, I knew I wanted to make the card into some sort of encouragement card (for Gallery Idol)...things will be better soon, you've got to just get past the bad bout first... My husband helped with the sentiments-he's good like that sometimes, and was close by to make sure I executed them in the way he had imagined.
½ Key lime
You can’t predict the future unfortunately, and you won’t know until the time comes how exercise will affect you and your body. In your third trimester, you start to lack normal range of movement through certain areas of your body eg your back starts to arch/your rib cage expands etc, and you may find simplest of tasks like putting your shoes on, quite frustrating.
He is a BIG fan of checking himself out in the mirror. He must get that from his daddy.. everytime I'm in his room, and brushing his hair or something, he's gawking and smiling at himself.. it's hilarious.
Beware of people who have signs but no word. Spiritual signs are not an end in themselves but they point to something else, that is why they are called signs. Signs that do not point to Jesus are useless. Signs accompany the gospel but they are not the gospel. Jesus said that all who believe and are baptised will be saved. Miraculous signs are not a part of that equation and not necessary for an experience of God. Jesus said (this is all in Mark 16 by the way) that miraculous signs would be the calling card of those who preach the gospel.
I have, maybe once, when cleaning up the kitchen eyed the lone slice left on the pan and having grown up under the rationale of 'waste not, want not' dutifully picked off the pepperoni, maybe the sausage crumbles along with a glob of melted cheese. Guilty am I. Go ahead, send me to the gallows but I won't go hungry, not after this one. Folks, I kinda surprise myself with how good this one actually is...
Her hands got her in more trouble with her recent skin problems. The shingles-like outbreaks that turned out to be a rare kind of autoimmune skin disease were a constant source of irritation to her, so she scratched. The last couple of times I’ve visited her, her hands have been encased in protective mittens designed to keep her from causing further damage to herself. It’s hard to hold her hands with them on, but unlike her, I’m very touchy-feely, and I found a way. Since her recognition of me is fading, it’s about the only way I have left of connecting with her. The last day of my last visit, she didn’t have the mittens on, and I was able to hold her hands skin to skin. The arthritis prevented me from laying them out flat like she did mine in church that day, but it didn’t prevent me from remembering, and it didn’t stop me from thanking God for her busy hands.
He was actually right at the edge of the driveway at the beach cottage when I came back. I had to wait for about five minutes for him to move along so I didn't end up driving over him (horrors!).
This kind of misunderstanding when it comes to administration of a contraceptive like the Pill, experts believe, may very well be the reason that half of all U.S. pregnancies are unplanned.
There is no “matrix” more onerous than the one that enslaves us to our reproductive instincts and make sexual intercourse the purpose of life.
5. "New Sun"
2. In one bowl, combine flour, cocoa, protein powder, salt and baking powder.
You will note however that you will still be able to download no problem, just this error will appear, and then for quite some time the ‘other items’ will appear greyed out as if they are newly downloading or trying to update. These do not need updated, plugging into your PC / MAC will not solve it, the apps will be up to date but this will still show!
No 263
The latter revelation comes courtesy of new afro pop sensation Tinashe. Tonight he performs with a band of three and opens with the crushingly beautiful ‘Zambezi’. The provocative lyrics and gentle, pulsing beat quickly wins round a dedicated I Blame Coco crowd.
I say all this a little grudgingly, though. I'm usually a fan of the underdog, and these days Amazon is the alpha in most consumer packs. Maybe a different brand of ereader would salve my conscience a little, but I hear Kindle is simply the best in the price range, so why bother messing with an inferior product? What I can do, however, is support writers who haven't landed that mainstream publishing deal but are very much worth reading. Writers published by Blasted Heath, for example. That makes me feel a bit better.
I am completely out of photography these days. Need to start clicking again. The trip to Kerala next week may help that part. Which reminds me, Air India pilots may go on strike. I asked around for how to react if you come to know that the flight you were supposed to take has been cancelled after you reach the airport. No one replied. Mummy!
$10 off $50 purchase Wendell August
- Ask business people to rent a booth (i.e. people who sell candles, make-up, household products, etc.) – booth rental is NOT for individual people to sell ‘rummage sale’ type goods.
So what kind of a difference did all of the work make? And how much time? I believe the whole cabinet project took us a week from beginning to end, since we waited for everything to dry well between coats, and did it on the weekends and evenings.
I finished the ending not long ago and I find the ending to be quite enjoyable and exciting to watch, especially the moment when Dik Yan-kit with his family meeting the empress regnant in palace hall to seek justice for his innocent wife killed by Mou Sing-chi and to reveal all the bad things he has done. That part is breathtaking, and finally the evil Mou Sing-chi is given death punishment in the end. I like the part when his son came out and revealed all the things up against him and advised him to stop. It’s a good ending to them; peaceful death. The part I’m disappointed is the character of Sunny Chan. He just died like that, so quick with no depth to his death in the drama. Well, at least for Sonija Kwok, she had.
And now our precious baby Ryder is 8 months old and growing, growing, growing himself right out of babyhood. He lived. We made it through pregnancy and even through most of the big SIDS-risk months. He seems to be developing normally, and he's really just such a sweet, happy, fat guy who smiles at darn near everything. He's adorable and I love him so much, and his big brother absolutely ADORES him. And I think this is really all I ever wanted, right? But I'm still torn up inside, and half the time I don't know why. I don't know if I miss Addison, or if the experience of losing her ruined my naive notion that a person could live happily ever after, or what. And it's not that I'm Boo Hoo Sad anymore. I'm just...empty in a way. Living, going through the motions, attempting to find my happy moments. But just here.
Then, on Wednesday night, I’m going to be at the Free Library of Philadelphia, talking to Buzz Bissinger about his new memoir, Father’s Day.
- Stick on the labels, placed the sweets in half the favors. Now we are left with half to finish over the weekends.
N - Nicknames: don't have any won't share what I was called as a kid it was mean.
Disgust.
Blend peanut butter and honey. Stir in salad dressing. This is perfect for banana or apple salads. I would like it on apple slices for a snack or for a fruit dip.
Question #44: What appalling thing does Jeremiah do after he apologizes to Belly for his mistake?
#1 - Today I will be taking chocolate cupcakes with chocolate gold coins on top and juice to her class along with the Build A Bear "ducky" that she asked for!
Since I’ve started running and seriously training for distance events, I have come across many sayings that have stuck with me, but Lou Holtz’s may be my VERY favorite and one I recite as a mantra when the going gets tough during training. I find it only fitting, I found it on an image of Kara Goucher as well.
If you want to give yourself an added challenge (optional and included in the word count), make reference to a mirror in your post.
-DON'T LIE WHEN CONFRONTED WITH AFOREMENTIONED EVIDENCE
Quietly the sensuous feast continues. The night has gotten silent now with only the soulful sounds of Luther smoothly tempering the air. Food on fiyah baby!!!
1:00 a.m. GMT: Radio France International, which posted nothing at all about events in Bamako to its website on Monday, finally puts up an item saying the situation here is confused. No kidding.
A Fabric Marker
My boys have become OBSESSED with the game Angry Birds, so Isaac decided to have an Angry Birds party for his 6th birthday. As soon as he mentioned that, I scoured the internet for ideas. I was surprised at how many great ideas there were, from the easy do-it-yourself, to the gigantic extravagant buy-it-all method. I went for the do-it-yourself. Starting with the invites.
I've had a real blessing over the past three years. My good writing coach/friend, Kristen Lamb has reminded me in her workshops and posts the value of sharp pointy objects and sharp people--who then smooth and shape us, polish us into the jewels we become.
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You may be a brunette with an eye on a guy who only likes blondes. The Kayan Lahwi tribe in Thailand reveres women with elongated necks, stretched with brass rings over a lifetime. There are plenty of people who believe Jersey Shore girls have got it going on while others like classic, elegant and understated or conservative style. An endless array of looks and levels of style live in between extremes. External beauty is widely interpreted. It’s helpful to accept that, based on this, you will never be beautiful to everyone. A standard of physical beauty across all cultures is nonexistent.
Do not put your trust in princes, in mortal men, who cannot save. Psalm 146:3
I made my almond milk a little bit thicker and creamier, since we aren't using that much at a time.
Watch the CD Tutorial that came with your AcuGraph and open up your manual!
I’ve now also had my new cookbooks delivered, which has given me plenty of reading material and ideas. The USA cookbook is filled to the brim with amazing authentic sounding recipes, it has 25 pages alone dedicated to pancakes, waffles and muffins so whats not to love? Only problem is picking what to cook out of these books as I want to cook them all! Supper Club is a beautiful book full of stunning pictures, and as well as recipes gives tips on how to set up an underground restaurant. This tempted me for all of about 5 seconds until I remembered I don’t really like strangers and can’t stand small talk (if all you can think to talk about with someone is the weather, just don’t bother talking at all, its less insulting), so setting up a mini restaurant in your home is really something you should only do if you will talk to anyone and don’t mind randoms snooping round your bathroom cupboard. And want to wait on people hand and foot. I don’t think so, even the boyfriend doesn’t get such treatment when I cook for him so why should total strangers? But the recipes are definitely worth giving a go. Have only flicked through The Book of Jewish Food but the food sounds so varied and delicious. Its not just cheesecakes, bagels and smoked salmon, let me tell you! It also includes a huge amount of history and culture of Jewish people and already I’m learning so much. I thought I knew plenty about the Jewish faith before this, but apparently idolising Larry David and watching Charlotte convert from Christianity to Judaism on Sex and the City isn’t educating me on the subject, so I’m happy to be enlightened.
08 Nightporter
Sean Ferrell's story "Building an Elephant" won the Fulton Prize from The Adirondack Review; his short stories have appeared in Bossa Nova Ink, WORDS, Uber, and The Cafe Irreal. He lives with his family in Brooklyn, New York. Numb is his first novel.
There, on the mountaintop, in the sacred place, the Church gathers as one body. When Jesus tells them, “Blessed are the poor in spirit,” he is telling them, “Blessed are YOU.” He is speaking to the brokenhearted, those who struggle with life, those who suffer, those who long for peace and righteousness when there is none. He is speaking to the depth of the human soul, all of humanity, and telling them, “Blessed are YOU.”
I love Peeta.
Things learned in the last 24 Hours:
Other than that, if I lived there I think I’d spend my time in Central Park or sipping tea in Margaret’s. Apart from visiting the Cathedral, that is. Oh, and that reminds me: that date with Catherine of Aragon? Well, the date was 1536: that was when she died and was buried in Peterborough Cathedral. If any Spaniards have dropped by recently, you may even find a pomegranate on her tomb…
A friend of mine got me this set for Christmas -- I LOVE LOVE LOVE pomegranate!! Whether it be pomegranate-scented products, or the actual fruit... yummy!
I love how old lace table cloths or bedspreads can be used for curtains. I also like tacking a few together of different patterns to drape casually over windows. Another way to update them is to dye them a colour. Soft colours work well.
The minute you arrive in Eureka Springs, Ar there is a calm that comes over you,imagine(humor me please-do it with me) inhaling deeply then exhaling, okay now times that by 10. It's hard to put in to words the feeling you get but I'm going to try...
Joseph Mitchell, the long-time writer for the New Yorker who wrote a number of human interest stories about the more colorful characters in the city, wrote a great account of the old ale house in 1940 entitled "The Old House at Home", part of a collection of short stories entitled "McSorley's Wonderful Saloon". It is named for the bar's original name, which it kept from it's opening in 1854 until 1908, and describes old John McSorley, who drank steadily from the age of twenty to fifty-four, but abstained for the last thirty-two years of his life saying that he had "had his fill". Other than a brief experiment with spirits for a few months in 1905, John believed that all a man needed in life was a strong glass of ale. He was a big eater, cooking a three pound t-bone steak every night after closing and eating onions like apples -- the stronger the better. His motto was, "Good ale, raw onions, and no ladies", believing that men could never drink with civility in the company of women, and when Mitchell wrote his article in 1940, he described the majority of the clientele as old men who had drank their since they were young, and were now pretty much alone in the world. They were retired, living off small pensions, spending their days at the bar and their nights sleeping in flophouses on the Bowery.
I stomped my foot and said Just finish it!
To start, I added a couple of strips of paper and some hot-air balloon rub-ons to the bottom of the page. Then, I added my photos, journaling tag and a few more rub-ons — including one directly on the photo at the top.
just like you do on the way home from a fantastic vacation
The thought of a new house--that we purchase together--makes me all tingly.
I would too, if I could.
Isherene Siebritz, Bush Radio Marketing volunteer said the event was a success and “the community came together to celebrate the beginning of the new school”.
Unlike our former president, I inhaled as often as I could. Looking back at those days and some 42 years later, I realize that my generation was hoodwinked and lied to. The Beatles and other bands at the time promulgated the use of drugs. As many of you who are reading this know, drugs have been the cancer of our society. When I speak at conferences I sometimes ask the audience to give a show of hands of people who either have been or know people in rehab. The hands go flying up and to our dishonor it’s most of the audience. Drugs have changed the moral fabric of this country forever, but I digress.
I realized yesterday that ALL of humanity is at a major choice point in life. Every one on earth is looking at a Y in their path. A choice, or series of choices that must be crystallized thru your/our action within that choice!
2…“Should they by law have to label all GMO foods so that we can decide for ourselves whether we want to eat GMO foods or not?”
we are full of attractiveness, we’re so stylish, swag swag
Benjamin Fulford was spotted walking around Tokyo wearing women’s clothes and limping, singing Donna Summers songs to himself.
I know they were, though. I don’t really know how to explain it, but they fell in-between human and… well, not-so-human. I saw them when I was little, all the time. They were just like real people, except there was just a little bit of something different about them. I’d say they had wings, but that would just make me sound silly, wouldn’t it? I think they might have, but they were real hard to see, like my eyes couldn’t quite process them yet. My other uncle, Michael, looked like one of them, but my mama didn’t like it when I talked about them, so I don’t really think she knew. I guess that’s why she left me with my aunt and my uncle.
The sky. Is it rocket? No.
I used PTI cardstock (Fine linen) & stamps (Love Lives Here: Holidays). I also used My Mind's eye (cream floral & teal woodgrain) patterned paper and decorative brads, Crate Paper patterned paper (orange) and October Afternoon letter stickers.
B: They showed me where it was, for the moment. I didn't know I was in for such an event. So I came to her room and opened the door. Oh, snap! guess what I saw?
On the one side, for those of us who work in an open concept area, it can be very difficult to get enough quiet to concentrate on writing or reviewing important documents while trying to block out conversations. Headphones can also send a message that you are trying to focus on something.
Several police sources have told The Times that those convicted represent only a small proportion of what one detective described as a “tidal wave” of offending that has been uncovered in Yorkshire, Lancashire, Greater Manchester and some Midlands counties.
This morning, with all freshen up, I went to work and thanks again to my cousin that she refused to take my money for the stay. She even invited me again should the water supply is not back tonight which I seriously hope that it won't happen.
You’re brave enough to drag on the cycle of abuse again and again
Make this cute doggy take all the blame with this funny notelet / card!! Customizable 'who to' and confession text.
“Wae?”
You only get in my way with your stupid ideas
Pushing People into the Public Space. In South Korea, where I lived for some time, the housing spaces are small, with single people still living with their parents or in a studio apartment. Restaurants are relatively cheap and particularly for women, shoddy but nice-looking clothing can be found. As a result of this, people are pushed to do their socializing outside of the home, it’s not too expensive to do so, and also, there is less storage space, so when something is old, people just throw it out! This combined with used items being perceived as bad luck, and transferring furniture or items to another place having the same bad connotations creates a situation with very high turnover. Some combination of these conditions and ideas also exist in Japan, Singapore, Taiwan, and China.
Last night, Deanna met me and the girls at a random field in Plano for a photo session. Our first as our little family of three. We brought bubbles, hula hoops, costumes, and even Maggie's ballet recital outfit. Katie was a bit jealous at the pretty "rina dress" and insisted she try it too. The result? Photography perfection.
one for catching mayflies, buzz-words as you head back down.
About 3 months ago I started a bottle collection. Some of the bottles I've left in their original state, and some I've been prettying up with paint and embellishments. This past Saturday I visited Cracker Jax in Dekalb and scored two finds. One was a creamy matelasse coverlet and another was this adorable little perfume bottle.
