My gorgeous girl has been incredibly brave, so much more than I ever would have been. She took it all in her stride, let nurses, doctors, consultants, surgeons and plaster technicians assess the damage and ask her questions. I'm very proud of her. It feels like we've done a lot of messing about but the most important thing is that she's absolutely fine, albeit in a plaster-cast. And I'm knackered!
In other words, we’re dirtying the image of the vagina by making it a derogatory term.
"I couldn't do anything and the guide didn't even have a stick to defend herself." said bold brave Archie ................"so I just took pictures for the scrapbook or if I had to sue the park over the death of my wife.... some cracking shots don't ya think?"
From Momma to Grandma, you knew the love in each one’s grin…
On that same line of topic--I really want to be pregnant again. I didn't know how long it would take me to feel like that again. But, surprise! Not long at all. This feeling may go away and come back later, I really don't know. This is all uncharted territory for my heart and brain. Also if I get pregnant soon then I can avoid telling Hannah that there's no baby coming. But more than that is that I just really want to start over and have another chance. I have fears of another miscarriage, but right now, sitting here, it's a chance I can totally take. Ask me tomorrow if I still feel this way, you might get a totally different reaction.
"I feel sick - results in 5 minutes"
Cardigan: Survival
4807 Northeast Fremont Street
A small cluster of Tear Peas lightly-dressed with Mascarpone and topped with a nest of thin sorrel ribbons, was a grassier mouthful than expected – the tiny green jewels tasting intensely of pea shoots rather than sweet baby peas.
My second cake decorating class - and the first time we actually made anything - resulted in this parcel cake, above. I think it turned out really well and it's definitely something I could make for someone's birthday!
we finished off a lot of home improvement projects refinishing the floors on the second floor as well as resurfacing all the walls and ceilings up there, except for that hallway....it's still not done as far as walls go.
Heavy whipping cream - ½ cup
About: Jared is repped by Sarah Self at The Gersh Agency and managed by Jim Thompson at Original Content.
Damien was prepared for this. Without a word, he reached into a pocket and pulled out a pistol. Originally his great-grandfather’s, it had been handed down from father-to-son for generations, sort of a good-luck charm in the Beck family. Bringing a gun onto a spacecraft wasn’t exactly within NASA regulations, but he’d be damned if he was going to fly without it. He was aware of everyone’s shock at seeing the gun, but it wasn’t like none of them snuck their own contraband onto this flight.
He will my shield and portion be...
Moving in a clockwise circle from top left, the men (Wendy Vecchi's stamp "Well Dressed") were coloured as follows:
Founding member Árni Rúnar Hlöðversson shares his thoughts on why the world is so interested in Icelandic output right now. “It would be really arrogant to say that artists and bands like Björk, Sigur Rós, múm, Mugison, Bang Gang and others have nothing to do with the attention Iceland is getting music-wise. Maybe the size and population versus the number of bands forces us to be even more creative? Maybe we are egomaniacs that believe we can do anything and perhaps we are too naive to see it the other way. Maybe there´s just too little to do here?”
Secondly, the aforementioned moon dough. I sort of despise it because it gets crumbled up and ends up all over the floor, leading to excessive sweeping. And it gets wasted because of ending up in the floor. Because unless I have JUST swept there is dirt and junk down there. Yet I persist to let them play with it and even find myself buying more because they love it. I don't even make sense to myself sometimes. In my defense, it can entertain Ben for over an hour. The others love it too...
Next, I used a fork to get the edge of the tortilla and pulled it over the side with the chicken, pressing down so the cheese on the tortilla melted into the chicken and held it together.
Place macarons into the preheated oven and bake for 15 minutes. Once cooled sandwich the macaron halves together using your favorite filling, I used buttercream flavoured with coconut essence. Why not try lemon or raspberry?
Peppermint Schnapps $10.99
But I would know what to do. I would grow a long pigtail and stop looking like a German. I would give up my honorable name Schmidt and rename myself “Wukiutschu.” That’s what I’d do. And if someone still called me “Hase,” I would be very angry.
“Yes. If I knew beforehand, I wouldn’t have accepted it,” he replied reflectively.
FINISHING: From right side, with BL, work 1 row sc around edge of mouth and eyes.
“Anything you’re good at, contributes to happiness.” (Bertrand Russell)
Hello all! I hope you are well? I'm back today with an "E card" I made for Copic Marker Europe with some "old" Magnolias on it! Our current challenge is Monochrome so I thought I would make a card using E Copics only. If you'd like to enter, you need to hurry, it ends tonight!
I sprayed it and the white flowered, dark night air of jasmine came over me.
What Falconer doesn’t tell us is that the same Tony Nicklinson is currently bringing a court case that has been described by his lawyers as a full frontal assault on the Murder Act 1965 (and not the Suicide Act 1961). Falconer, in answer to (my) repeated questions at the commission’s launch in 2010, eventually said that ‘assisted dying’ included only ‘assisted suicide’ and not euthanasia. But for Nicklinson to end his life it would require the legalisation of euthanasia (where someone actively ends his life) rather than assisted suicide (where someone helps him to kill himself) precisely because he could not kill himself even with assistance. This suggests that Falconer aims go beyond the legalisation of assisted suicide to include euthanasia as well.
Using her passion and unceasing motivation she established her own night (Sub-Woofah) in the underground Manchester scene and was an instant success. Now her night is ready to make a move down south!
After marriage….
(I couldn’t help myself when someone sent this to me – I had to include it here. The story is so cute — if you love dogs.)
I can still recall with great clarity the mixture of dumbfounded incredulity and creeping foreboding I felt when I learned, a couple of years ago, that Peter Berg – hitherto reliable director of knockabout fluff like The Rundown and Hancock – was hard at work on a big screen version of the venerable board game Battleship. This did not strike me as immediately obvious source material for a blockbuster movie, but what I was not taking into account was the monumental cash cow that the Transformers franchise was proving to be for the toy company Hasbro. Why shouldn’t they try to make even more money by releasing a string of blockbusters based on famous toys and games? And, for that matter, why shouldn’t they cast pint-sized popstrel Rihanna in it?
You can check this new kit out HERE! It contains a 6 by 6-inch Kaisercraft Sweet Nothings paper pack, a pack of heart shaped Prima crystals, 1 yard of 1-1/4" wide champagne May Arts silk ribbon, 2 yards of two-toned shimmery 1/2" May Arts Ribbon, 1 yard of beautiful fabric trim, and 1 pack of champagne self stick pearls. I think its delish! Be sure to see how the rest of the Flourishes team took on this New Year challenge and whether they went for the "older man" or "robbed the cradle!" :-) Sorry, I couldn't resist!
Business Resources
I bet you have an accessory that you’re haunted by too, don’t you?
Somehow, the wealthy in this country - or at least the wealthy by political proxy - have begun to make the class warfare argument of the rich against the poor.
My balcony overlooks the satellite. Steam rises from the black ground below. The fluorescent sun hums down from the top of the dome, illuminating the colony as though it’s on display – as though the satellite is a glass box, made just for the universe to peer into and smile. White light shines down on the twisting streets and the tilting complexes and the human beings. The faint wails of sirens bounce across the stretch of uneven towers. Far below, the tops of heads push across the road like blood cells pulsing through a vein. They bump and shove in a steady stream. The edge of the great barrier wall looms like a mountain in the distance.
This morning the girls and I began reading Crazy Love by Francis Chan. We started with the preface and will read chapter one tomorrow as well as watch the first dvd segment that coincides with the chapter.
most of the day, between cooking, cleaning and
Think of it this way (I like this quote) "Humility isn't thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less."
He gave her a thumbs up sign, and she returned it. He slowly pulled out, only this time Riley never closed her eyes … watching the scenery as houses passed by. .
I am one of those people that doesn’t answer my phone most of the time. It’s not that I am too busy to answer, and it’s not that I am too cool to answer. Heaven knows that I would love a random, sweet call out of the blue from an old (or new) friend. I’ve said in past posts that I am a lonely girl and that I would love friends. I have lamented over friends I had and friends I didn’t. I’ve often wondered in blog, aloud, and on my own why I am without friends. (I am still looking for the answer.) At any rate, yesterday I got a call from a number I didn’t recognize. I immediately let it ring to voice mail. (I like to be prepared for the conversation I am going to having should I respond to the call.) The message I got sort of blew my mind.
Make themed stamps to decorate wrapping paper
balloons in each hand.
I bought the Lis iphone holder pattern from Flossie Teacakes' site last week and after going and raiding the fabric shop for some nice linen-y stuff and interfacing I settled down to some sewing.
“You’d think the magpies wouldn’t come in a yard with thirty cats in it,”
To avoid losing non economists, I will now do without economic jargon. Education has dramatic impact on a country’s productivity by raising the quality of human labour and increasing the dispersal of scientific and managerial techniques. Since education represents significant monetary and time investment by both a country and its citizenry, there is need for rational policies to be followed. William Ruto’s observation that the government is spending a lot of money on many programs that do not contribute to Vision 2030 yet we have shortages of engineers, doctors and nurses does have a point. However, it also needs to be pointed out that things like the arts that serve such useful purposes as making society to self reflect in terms of things such as child labour, unabated crime and in general serve to document the beauty and tragedy of human existence can simply not be bandied off into the ocean as this would be a case of inviting barbarians to lurk at the gate. The key issue is striking balance.
2 avocados
Candles from TJ Maxx
It's May! Time for the Every Day in May Challenge. The challenge is to do a sketch each day, taking subject cues from a pre-chosen portion of the 'Everyday Matters' list. You'll find this year's list later in this post.
For all that, I think the audience was willing to overlook the datedness of the piece if only the actors could come together and enjoy their own spoof. But time and again, it seemed, Radcliffe was not the only one grimacing. Everybody seemed to be playing it "the company way," refusing to get excited about anything. Two of the best dance numbers of Lambert and Fosse's original, "Coffee Break," (such a difficult number that the movie dropped it), and the sprightly "A Secretary Is Not a Toy," seemed lackluster in Ashford's staging, while at other times, as I mentioned, the director seemed to suck all the attention away from the actors through the introduction of gratuitous routines.
1/2 teaspoons chili powder
Wine/cocktail and cupcake pairings
Where it gets even more amusing is the obverse: "The obverse of the coin features The Raphael Maklouf effigy of Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth II sovereign of the commonwealth of Niue".
I think in the future that the gender divide will lessen for most of humanity, but of course there will be those who head to the extremes and those who change gender. I think the emotional intelligence of women through nurturing children will be a lot less important, replaced by the emotional intelligence gained
Even the popular Korean dish, Bibimbab, has Chinese and Japanese influence. The Bibimbab is basically a steamed sticky rice dish topped with grilled beef, shredded vegetables and hard boiled egg. The Japanese influence comes in the form of miso soup. The very Korean side dish is the kimchi (pickled vegetables).
I decided to make a giftcard holder using a recycled TP roll. I know I have seen this on someone's blog, but for the life of me I can't remember who's it was. So thank you for the inspiration.
1/2 pound sunchokes, peeled to the best of your ability and cut in 1/2" cubes
9) you is smart. you is kind. you is important. the messages passed on to many of us through our families, relationships, and some of our church experiences are more like: “you’re somehow not enough.”
And it's really making life easier around here!
Next time Twitter.
It was a massive crowd. A crowd that is made up of the of the middle age, the old, the young , men and women, boys and girls. A crowd that is made up of Malay, Chinese, Indians. A crowd that is made up of people wearing yellow, green and other assorted colours.
(from A Season in Hell)
As the popular clamour for fair play grows, the establishment has become more oppressive. In Italy, for example, a court recently reduced an African-origin murderer’s prison sentence because he had a genetic strand called MAOA which made him “genetically predisposed to violence.” Critics have pointed out that this could be used to argue that genes determine behaviour. This allegation did not deter the liberal judges — it seems that they believe in race when it is to the advantage of immigrants, but when “our” people mention the topic we are met with vilification.
When we moved in to our present house it was still a commercial property - a gift shop to be precise - though the estate agent assured us we just had to apply for residential use and it would be easy. We applied and got turned down (the long story being that I then entered some six months correspondence with local council & everyone else and we got permission for residential use at the end of it)*.
3.) Store bought reeds are expensive. While it’s true that handmade reeds are MORE expensive, think about what you’re getting: when you’re purchasing a store bought reed, you are purchasing a reed which has been entirely manufactured and mass produced. The cane’s individual properties are never taken into account. If you’re extremely lucky, you MAY come across store bought reeds that are “hand finished”. Don’t let this fool you. “Hand finished” only means that someone has lightly scraped on the reed before it has been packaged. These people are rarely oboists.
I’m going to live well, somehow
Before you know it, you're wrackin'em up. One after another and you start thinking to yourself, "Damn. I've said more goodbyes here than I did at home". Total Paris Buzz-kill.
Its hard to believe today, but the Beaver was hunted so enthusiastically to satisfy the European fashion for Beaver Top Hats! Yes, the pelts were used for fashionable gentlemen to wear on their heads.
...... because 'self sabotage' sounded so full of drivel! So the 12WBT that I have been droning on about is set to gear up on Monday, so what do I do? Grab myself the biggest, gooiest, mouth wateringly huge piece of Camembert cheese and devour it. But not by itself, oh no - it's partner in crime; slice upon slice of salty, spicy, leave an oil ring around the mouth salami.
Wifesy and I have moved together 4 times in the 4+ years we’ve been together. Needless to say, we are experts at it. By Thursday, I fully expect us to be settled and in working order in our new home. I’ve told Wifesy that after this move, I only want to move once more, into a house that we own. A house that – if we want to – we can stay in until death. I’m not sure my nomadic tendencies will even allow me to be in one place for that long. However, I’d like the option. I’d like the option of not having to move one more feckin’ box, ever again. I guess you can say, I hate moving. But, I don’t like to talk about hate. I like to talk about love…
Oh my, 16 months! The time is sneaking up on me and I can hardly believe she is nearly a year and a half now. A friend of mine has a horoscope book that breaks down personality description by the date of your birth, day by day for every day of the year. She and I have some silly good times reading through that book while the children play. We looked up Naia's day for the first time (Oct 13) and the title was "Day of the Tough Cookie". Oh yes ma'am. That describes her to a tee.
Re-evaluating life, happiness and love.
Meanwhile, darkness was descending and my belly was full with Mr. & Mrs. Renard's cake and tea. My head began to loll as Galadriel drove with her feet so she could simultaneously thumb through three or four guidebooks and make telephone calls.
Place a wedge in mouth. Chew. Swallow. Repeat.
“Nothing,” I said.
And rightfully so. Birdbath is proving that vegan baked goods can be delicious. And that ingredients usually reserved for savory dishes are just as at home in sweets.
When we arrived at South Rock we immediately felt comfortable in the surroundings. It had a laid back atmosphere with plenty of televisions playing a variety of sports. The food was delicious and certainly was reasonably priced but it was the environment that was the most impressive.
"Cardiff storm into play-offs" says the Wales Online headline. Er, no. They came sixth in the Championship which means they "scraped" into the play-offs.
With all of that being said its looking like Marvel is trying to expand it’s movie universe even further than we once thought and with the advance reviews in it’s looking more and more like the Avengers is THE comic book movie we’ve all been waiting for! How excited are you NOW for the Avengers?
And she heard the rumor: He was coming her way, within her reach.
1/8 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
1/4 pineapple
All papers from the wonderful Fika collection, my favourite brown ones. They go so well with that coffee quote. The background paper and the punched paper are from the "Kaffetåren Den Bästa Är" (used both sides).
Because of their heroic actions, all charges are dropped against thecrew except one. For that, Kirk is demoted to captain and is returned to a new Enterprise which will prove to bea piece of junk in the next film and decommissioned in the one after. But we will get to that later.
Sumner’s Falls is a section of the Connecticut River in Hartland, VT. Not a waterfall, as the name suggests, but a stretch of whitewater popular among kayakers. An old logging road provides access to the remote spot.
As I retold the story to a few of my friends who still knew me from back then, one dear friend reminded me, “Yes that sounds like you. Yes that is something you would have said back then. I remember how you talked to us about God and life and everything. Yes that was something you would have said.” So here I was in quite the quandary. I believed I had a very good grasp on my memories of things: me, places, people, ideas, etc. But now I was having to try to reconcile my memories with his AND her memories of me. I would have NEVER dreamed my idea of the past would be so different from others.
I have gotten so many questions on Facebook, about my nails, that I decided I would start posting little tutorials here on my blog.
Riddle Question: What kind of coat only gets put on when its wet?
And can she even move in that thing? Hell, can she even breathe? I get that it has to be all tight and sexy, 'cuz that's what people expect in a superhero costume. And I admit the bustier is Canon. But there's no way in hell she could actually do anything heroic in that top except stand very still while other Justice League members feel her up.
But it may well easily be shown, with a little more work, that the prevailing theory is entirely consistent with everything we’ve seen – say, by slowly explaining how chemistry works, or by just growing up. These aren’t genuine anomalies, in that they don’t really need any new phenomena to be invoked to explain them. They fit just fine into a description of the world that we already have.
where hands will hold your heart, your face.
On the road north, French troops approach and tell Alexander that King Charles has requested an audience and is waiting for him in a church nearby.
All She Wants for Christmas ... LMN ... 10 PM
Something here does not look right.
Nothing else in the world mattered to them. She wrapped her legs
2-2/3 Cups of all purpose flour, sifted
For those of you that are unfamiliar with the story of Bluebeard, let me explain:
Times it is inappropriate are when you are at work or talking to someone you don’t know well. It’s almost like this person is, in a roundabout way, putting you down by calling you something usually reserved for someone you know well at the very least. Not only is it inappropriate, but it can be grounds for a sexual harassment lawsuit if a boss calls a subordinate “sweetie.” Unless, of course, your office is not keen on sexual harassment laws and has very different policies in place, in which case it probably is not an office at all and is either a brothel or strip club. This blog does not apply to those folks.
Mr. Smith said he perceived "The Contenders" to be an alternative to the constant coverage of the current Republican primary campaign, but relevant to the coverage too. Take Mr. Perot, for instance. "Perot put the deficit on the agenda in a way that made it virtually impossible for whoever won to avoid doing something about it," he said. New York Times Sept. 8, 2011
You can right-click on the white guide and lock it in place to keep it from moving while you are working. Make sure this is the top layer of your project before printing.
I thought I'd update you on my freezer cooking day last Friday.
Erik Bedard (1-4) 2.48 ERA
While she has had only one foal to race, she has had three ‘grandfoals’ to race, all of whom have reached the winner’s circle.
One of the best ways to find an agent who might be a fit is to attend writers’ conferences like this one, where they often speak. You can quickly get a feel for their personality and can probably slip them your card.
I miss being able to post more than 1-2 times a week, and I miss not having as much time to visit my blogger friends-- and discovering new blogs. Thank you, for hanging in there with me. I so appreciate your comments, and I look forward to sharing more recipes from my kitchen.
To acquire more information, have a look at baptist-church , and check out youth ministry ideas.
Translucent to the sight
I feel better now knowing he's on his way and he has everything. I can relax a little as I am hooked up in bed with all the monitors and while I get the antibiotics in the IV which takes 3o minuets. It's about 3:30pm give or take. The contractions are coming every 5 minuets (I know because the machine was keeping a detailed account). They were growing in intensity but really very manageable. I try to focus on what I need to do when the pain picks up. I'm thinking that as soon as Davey arrives I'll change and get in the tub.
Owen was fascinated by the medieval weaponry on display and got the chance to handle lots of swords, and even an enormous shield. The young man demonstrating told us that way back centuries ago the sons of the upper classes would learn their fighting skills from around the age of eight, only two years older than Owen. The equipment was just so heavy and everyone marvelled at how Owen managed to handle it so well.
My first reaction was -- Piece of cake! I could do that. But let's break this down a little to see if I am being realistic.
I hate feeling crunchy. Just hate it. Crunchy is how I describe feeling a bunch of emotions at the same time: upset, jealous, disappointed, sad, anxious and whatever other negative emotions might transpire. I was feeling crunchy last night. Work is insane and I feel overwhelmed, anxious and stressed out. My head spins when life gets this busy and I have difficulty putting things into perspective. I stopped by Target on my way home and ran into a colleague. The conversation left me feeling really crunchy. When I got home I drank some wine, ate pasta, watched a movie and went to bed. I woke up at 3:00 in the morning and just could not sleep. I had too much on my mind. I needed to define and work through my crunchy feelings.
That was when the tapping started up and she knew that one of them at least had started up. Even though she didn’t want to and tried for what seemed to her the longest time, she looked over. There was that awful heart-sickening feeling all over again as the taunting backward message sat scrawled in the frost laced on the edges of the third window from the corner. KCUS UOY
Gilles Toffe and Suleman Handuleh have been working on characterising the tensile and impact properties of flax fibre composites respectively. Their experimental work has helped to understand how practical it is to replace synthetic fibre composites (e.g. glass, carbon, Kevlar) with the natural equivalent.
Why is it that so many of us wait on things until they have gone too far?
The next thing I remember was sitting straight up in bed, staring at the wall, and then opening my mouth.
This week isn't looking like I'll get much done throughout the week. But hopefully I'll have some time next weekend to work on some of my items. Like my 3rd grade Common Core math review pack to match the K/1 and 2nd grade ones.
“It wasn’t until she passed I found out she’d skipped a few days of school,” Kassi said. “She’d been tired, and she wasn’t feeling well. There wasn’t anything that flagged me.”
(Picture removed, by order of Mule)
For a moment, I believe the supermarket not to stock bananas. For a moment.
sitting in a fat and comfy chair
What do you do when one of your cats is a killing machine and its getting out of control?
According to people in the area, Mr. de Bruin devised a scheme to firstly sell his farm to 74 recipient families, some of whom were his workers, and secondly, to set up a new housing project of 150 dwellings at Bray for the 74 families and others. Bray is a small town right on the South Africa/Botswana border. The DLA publication says Mr. De Bruin entered into a joint venture with the government and the community of 74 families. But he would not allow any of the 74 families on to his farm.
John caught up with the body of the driver. Satisfied that the man was severely disabled, John picked up the man’s gun and put it on the ground nearer the police car.
All of this changed when Europeans began to settle in the “New World.” Suddenly, land was no longer a constraint on marriage, and early marriage became the norm. With the downward shift in the age of marriage, was there a corresponding downward shift, via natural selection, in the age of full reproductive maturity?
Well, the Oscars are coming up in a couple days. I’ll get my picks and predictions and whatnot posted Sunday morning and then try to do some sort of real-time reaction thing like I tried doing with the Emmys a while back… In the meantime I figured I’d chime in with what I actually thought were the best people and films of 2011, rather than what was nominated by the bunch of white (94%), old (86% are over 50), men (77%) that make up the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Truthfully, there is a decent amount of overlap with the Oscars. What can I say? Some things are just indisputably great. However art is subjective so this is more of a “my favorites” than the objectively best of the year because objective best doesn’t really exist…
In 1952, when I was twelve, my father was appointed vicar of St John's Kilburn in London. In August we moved to Queen's Park, four underground stops from Marble Arch on the Bakerloo line so reasonably near the West End and centre of the city. I continued as a boarder at Wells until I left school at eighteen.
After the early morning meeting with the giant turtle I headed out on the road which was still wet after the downpour early in the morning. Water had collected in small puddles as I maneuvered the road, jogging along. Going a little further, I saw a large number of mango and jack fruit trees, laden with fruit. A lot of ripe mangoes had fallen off the trees and the road and the storm water drains were overflowing with the fruit. So many mangoes, for which there were literally no takers! On return, I headed for the breakfast in the restaurant by the seaside which resembled a huge hut with thatched roof. It had hundreds of birds of all hues and colors chirping. It was a heavenly feeling to be so close to the nature, and watch the white sand, the deep blue sea and a cool breeze, with
Perhaps this is another area where e-readers will liberate people who are worried about being judged by the cover of the book they are reading? The reading preferences of anyone holding a Kindle remain a secret.
And I'm sure Bachelor Ben Flajnik (auto correct wanted to spell if Flapjack) would be disturbed to hear that one of my favorite indulgences is not in fact Evolve Wines.
“Really? I never knew that,” said their mom.
Colors/Dyes – Pigments from animal, plant, and synthetic sources used to color foods, cosmetics, and other products. Cochineal is from insects. Widely used FD&C and D&C colors are coaltar (bituminous coal) derivatives that are continously tested on animals due to their carcinogenic properties. Alternatives: grapes, beets, turmeric, saffron, carrots, chlorophyll, annatto, alkanet.
And here's a little secret addendum to the story, between you, and me, and 11-yo, which I didn't confess to his teacher. I originally typed it as puffy shite clouds, noticed, had a laugh with 11-yo, and then corrected it. But I wasn't paying attention, and my subconscious obviously spotted an opportunity for a bit of a joke at the expense of my conscious. Damn you, Subconscious, though I like your style.
Moveable Feast...A tasting menu of exotic flavors.
This year didn’t get going until May, but then started out as if it were going to be one of those banner years, as Veronica Campbell Brown (JAM) and Shelly Ann Fraser (JAM) went head to head in Kingston and Fraser upsetting VCB with a sizzling early season 22.10w. It would be the fastest time of the year under any conditions and we would only see VCB and Fraser a combined five more times during the season – Campbell Brown three times and Fraser two. And so would go the season.
Local dance team showcases
The resulting plot involves humanity targeting a “Goldie locks” planet capable of supporting life, and lo and behold the inhabitants get planet-envy and come to ruin our fun. Their short term goals securely defined by a circular argument, we’re just lucky they happened to land next to a personal-drama filled, racially equal opportunist naval drill. From here commences two hours of utter nonsense and large explosions. Taylor Kitsch plays Hopper, the aloof, pluckier one who’s forced to join the navy by his older brother Alexander Skarsgård. There’s also a love interest with Brooklyn Decker who has Liam Neeson for an overly protective father. No one cares though because it affects literally nothing and is only there for minimal comic relief and screen fodder for the dragged along girlfriends in the audience. Rihanna also makes her acting debut, though I honestly couldn’t tell you if she’s any good or not because she plays a largely irrelevant and interchangeable character.
Two chocolate chip eyes (or several) and a (or many) red hots for gaping mouth (or more eyes) and it's very spooky. Allow it to cool at room temperature or to speed the process, put it in the fridge or freezer.
Listening audience: nod nod
NOTE: Peter was most likely present at Jesus’ crucifixion, watching at a distance (see Luke 23:44–49)
It's too late, you can't change me," I reply sadly.
Sweetened Condensed milk. 2 table spoons
Better yet, Liverpool has a bright, young winger, Raheem Sterling, whom Dalglish has chosen not to blood. The youngster had a few minutes at the end of the Wigan defeat and provided the one bright spot of a depressing afternoon for the reds.
I'm using Alley Cat Falkland (colour is Armada) and I love it. I think it's my new favourite sock yarn. It's got a really nice squish to it.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, parties to oral proceedings and their representatives are hereby
and then there’s the untidy, usually ugly hedge between my place and the unit next door. This is the only time of year it looks OK, mostly it is rather ugly, full of dead growth and it’s very invasive, especially over areas where I hang my washing! But its yellow flowers are surprisingly pretty and I have a suspicion that a pair of singing honeyeaters nest there:
I enjoy remembering my memories...The ones that at the time were not dramatic or saddening, but rather a content memory.
Damn straight, Ann. (In fact, I can guaran-goddamn-tee you that my tombstone will say NOTHING even remotely like that.)
I will show you how I colour the dress, like I said I have chosen the wrong stamp but didnt realise til after I had done the skin lol. For the dress I'm going with blues....
G texted: “Some will not be working too hard, I am sure. I am not going to worry any more. Have wasted time on maps and now see maps not included in list from school. Feck.”
For it is the darkness we all must fight.
As of now, Dana White is very adamant in showing support for the event being in Las Vegas. White stated several times that Las Vegas is the “fight capital of the world” and that it makes the most sense to have the fight in Las Vegas if it can’t happen in Brazil.
When do you need a response
my favorite part of the whole day was watching the two of them
Zachary Hamilton comes from a family endowed with special gifts. He has them as well and it has cost him everything. Zachary doesn’t want his gift and his family doesn’t think he should have it either. To “return it” is to die so Zachary and his love, Nick, have been on the run from the Hamilton family since they were teenagers. Living as fugitives has been hard and each time they think they are safe, the Hamiltons find them yet again. Then Zachary and Nick land in Los Angeles, California and their luck seems to change. A benefactor appears out of the blue, offering them a store for their antique business and a place to call home. And for a while they are happy. Until a bullet shatters their lives and Nick dies in Zachary’s arms.
Pushing Dora and the Gift-Giver from his mind again, Rel threaded his way between the houses and down to Main Street. The streets were bustling with every kind of activity people thought looked normal. No-one wanted to do anything to alert Van Raighan, but everyone wanted to be on hand to see him taken. Every housewife in Federas seemed to be about, standing in twos and threes looking over each other’s shoulders and trying to find new things to say about the weather. Children ran everywhere, apart from the few who hung out of first-floor windows. A couple had even climbed onto rooftops and would have been grounded for a month if their mothers weren’t so distracted.
Thanks for coming to visit today! I am heading to bed for a nap, before 2 night shifts tonight and tomorrow, but I will be back again Wednesday with my Whimsical Wednesday project. See you then :)
The same is true of our relationship to God. He gives us the general overview of the plan for our future: 1) If you are a Christian, God will progressively make you more like Jesus. 2) Either you will die and go to heaven first or Jesus will return to to collect you. 3) He will give you a new body and create a new world where you will worship Him in perfect faithfulness. This overview leaves a ton of details unknown, and sometimes that lack of information drives us to worry, fear, and anger. But in those times we must remind ourselves who has made this plan. It is the God loves us as He loves Jesus, who is in absolute control, who is completely trustworthy,who plans everything for our good, and who will never let anything separate us from His love. This knowledge does not need the details of the plan to bring us rest and peace.
Where can you get these labels? Well, Jen at iHO was kind of enough to put these up (I seriously couldn't for the life of me figure out how to create a direct link to allow you to download the labels). There are 2 versions (long/low and square) and they are generic, meaning hopefully you use some of these things in your own cupboards!
I keep meaning to come back to you here and share another story. I have a few in the hopper of my mind. But like all things last week, something else inevitably comes first. And then there are other stories that are so much better than what I was going to say, like Sonia's, that I just have to let them get in the front of the line.
At any rate, try to go out an see the Texas Military Forces Museum out at Camp Mabry. It’s a great free resource, entertaining as well as educational, and a fine way to spend several rewarding hours. It will also drive home to you what a vast, detailed undertaking modern warfare is, as well as the fact that history is not only made by distant, unapproachable people, but by your friends, neighbors, and family, who are from time to time called upon to do great things.
Cuba continues to exploit Alan Gross’ interview with Wolf Blitzer by pressing its argument linking Gross’ future to the fate of its imprisoned Wasp Network spies, lauded by the Castro regime as ”The Cuban 5.”
The Primer has a good saving, only £6.75 opposed to the £8.99 and after all it's primer so who needs to be picky right? Well sort of. First up the coverage is grainy. The finished surface is slightly bumpy in looks. It paints fine but I feel not as smoothly as Vallejo. Nothing so bad that I would not use it and in truth if I had bought this first I would not have tried the more expensive Vallejo. It's hard to quantify but I feel that the Vallejo sprayed more figures, but that's a hunch.
The sun shone brightly on them half the day,
Kylie from Octavia & Vicky who was commenter number 3!
This is what you get at the minor league level. Its what makes minor league ball, to me anyway, better than major league ball. That little something, that magic where you can see a guy get to that next level, that personal growth. It’s where they learn that they have that next gear or that place to draw the strength to overcome whatever adversity they are facing. I saw that growth in Jesse that night. Where he may have been shaky or not as focused earlier, that night, he took the next step and battled through.
My Score: 9.4
As a Methodist minister, it is somewhat ironic to me that one of my Native American ancestors left his tribe in the late 1700s to be taught the faith of the “white men” as he called them. He was later listed in the census as a Methodist “exhorter,” or lay preacher. So even though there was not continuity down to my time (his children joined Baptist churches), I feel some sort of connection with him. And I appreciate his willingness to follow his own path. Maybe that’s his contribution to my genetic heritage.
“So, the total for 5 lbs. at a buck fifty-nine will have cost us $3.96. . .and three ninety-six minus two twenty is what?. . .$1.76? So my question to you, CoCo, is how are you saving us money when in the long run you’re actually spending two bucks more if you continue buying 2 lbs. of sugar at a $1.59?”
The remnants of my Holiday are lingering in the background. Barely there, really. But, every know an then, I start to recall things I was doing this time last week. One of things I got round to doing was reading.
Here it is all done. Isn't it cute? Julie didn't even understand why I was going on and on about the puckers and out-of-control-weird-shaped quilting in parts. I was soooo relieved. If she is happy, then I am happy. :)
Textures, size variety and scaping. It is so easy to mix a few different textures and size tapers, collinettes and even pillars together to make a statement centerpiece.
Jack Box has been one of my most devoted readers for almost as long as drinkdrank has been kicking. He regularly comments on posts and I can honestly say: Jack loves beer. Jack loves beer so much, he took my idea to compare canned versus bottled beer, and ran with it. In fact, I'd say he ran with it like Forrest freakin' Gump. Jack took the initiative and selected a number of canned and bottled beers; employed his own "interactive sippy tests"; and then reported back the results! I think we've found drinkdrank's first contributing editor. Although I use the term "editor" loosely, because—as I'm sure you've come to realize—there is very little editing being done here.
She readjusted herself on the bed and gave a nervous “ready.”
fallen weight and ware.
I realize there are many variations of this myth, but in the end what purpose is there in trying to decipher each and every theory? It only leads to further confusion and more hatred. Besides, it will only leave you like a wobbling top running in circles and playing the same tune over and over, all alone in the depressing darkness of emptiness.
The confusion I was feeling helped someone else clarify their own storm clouds.
Back at my assignment, a medic passing by stopped to tell me something. He had responded to his first motorcycle fatality. There was a hint of creepiness in his story in that he seemed almost giddy in witnessing the first real sign of spring, as if he has seen a robin or something. A rider was stopped a a light when an SUV came from behind and sent him flying and, as he described it, "popped his helmet off". I've always thought that riding a motorcyle would fun except, of course, for that being smashed by a car and sent flying thing.
Take a look at the rest of the Design Divas fun creations for some serious wow-age.
20. During these last steps of your ascension pathway, countless light beings throughout this universe are with you in spirit and many are walking alongside you.
I'm making gifts like this - just finished one, in fact. I think this ear warmer headband thingey is adorable. Can't remember where I found this image, though...I do know that Rachel at Maybe Matilda sells headbands like this, and the crochet pattern to make them. And Maybe Matilda is my favorite new discovery...such a delightful blog! My daughter Hannah found her first, and now I love her too!
3. To develop clinics and conferences to develop and exchange ideas for better coaching strategies and techniques.
The bishops want all Catholics to contact their MPs and respond to an online survey being conducted by the Federal Parliament Standing Committee of Social Policy and Legal Affairs.
My boyfriend is super charming and full of charisma, but he is an annoying one upper. He craves attention so bad that he purposely steals the spotlight from me by one upping everything that I do.
Prescott, Michael. “Why I’m not a Skeptic*.” Journal Of Religion & Psychical Research 28.1 (2005): 38-53. Academic Search Elite. Web. 5 Apr. 2012.
You knew I was a Jew.
I would take the peppermill & seasalt grinder & I would grind salt & pepper onto the coffee table & the maybe I'd dabble my initials in it.
But while that petition did not show Nintendo that their is higher demand for Mother then there was on NES. Things have drastically improved since then other major JRPG’s like Final Fantasy have managed at times to be ridiculously successful.
I want it to be simple. I am happy recording life as it is now with just a picture and journaling. Some people take time to add even more elements to their pages, but I like it simple with just the pieces of the kit.
Sale Price: $1.50 ea
While I know I have plenty myself (a shock to my DH no doubt! HA!) it was nice to hear that my girlfriends and I share a few which led us onto the topic of how being grateful can change your entire outlook.
In a touching gesture, Tweed has Talasazan craft Simmons’s gold wedding band using melted gold from her late father’s ring, with two strands representing their children Sophie and Nick.
She has been struggling with extremely high blood pressure and cholesterol and has been on A LOT of medications which of course have been causing other side effects. Well....today she went to her Dr. and called me the minute she was done. Her levels are NORMAL and she's cutting her meds in half, and hopefully will be completely off of them soon! The Dr. was amazed.
The visitors used their strength well and built up patient forays into the Bafana area and always looked likely to lead before halftime.
This is something I tend to call `falling off the rhyme’ whereby you follow a rhyming scheme for most of the poem and then suddenly not rhyme in the last line. The effect tends to be jarring as the reader is expecting the rhyme by this point.
I have seen a dramatic decrease in aggresion.
Tips for a healthy brain, a healthy life and longevity from The Alzheimer’s Doc
It's noticeable how few British creators are involved, and how many of DC's top drawer creators are missing.
Thanks for reading. I still have some tidying to do, as you can see from this photo.
PFC Mahan
Also, huge thanks to our sponsors and I would personally like to thank our fabulous design team for all their hard work!
At its core, FB is a connector, a platform for connecting, networking and relationship building, both at personal and professional levels. That is where the draw is for businesses to reach out to people through FB. Earlier, personal and professional spaces were clearly defined and segregated. With FB, that line no longer exists. A company can pitch its products and services right to you and in your face and that too very quickly. Now, that is immense power and reach, if you have something to sell.
The first of the latecomers shuffled in, rustling their bags, Tesco, Wilkinson’s, Boots; pausing in the aisle, blocking my view, sniffing and barging into a happenstance row, trampling on toes. And then another, twin to the first, sniffs and blunders. The bags crackling as they sighed to a sit.
CUPCAKES
Here at The Ad Contrarian World Headquarters, our commitment to our readers is so
Class divisions had long existed, but in the movement’s latter years more vocal members brought this issue to the forefront. Working class Riot Grrrls like Erika Reinstein pushed these issues aggressively. Though some of Reinstein’s arguments held merit, the means by which she pursued them proved divisive. Again, when one thinks about the demise of the Black Power, Chicano, and New Left (i.e. SDS) movements of earlier decades (all which struggled with sexism) and how Marxist/capitalist debates clearly divided members, this development seems quite predictable. Ironically, in part due to the problematic media coverage they had so opposed, the grassroots nature of the music, and the proliferation of zines, as original core chapters collapsed, new ones opened all time. Ann Carroll, one of the leaders of the Omaha chapter, recognized the collapse, but only in the core. She received correspondence from new groups in Toronto, the suburbs of Dallas and elsewhere. Not to mention, similar women’s groups formed that eschewed the RG title but promoted similar ideologies regarding women and women’s rights.
want to talk about it
Hit Dice: 1-1
This is why cameras don't magically solve everything. There are no simple solutions. You have to clearly think everything out, and you have to have experts that can determine this.
Then further attacks came from other directions. The people ran helter-skelter and many were chased along Tuanku Abdul Rahman into shops. One of my friends who was a victim called to inform he was huddled inisde a shop with many others. He further said the policemen kicked very hard at the door of the shop and challenge the victims to come out to face them! Such arrogance! He further heard a lot of disturbance outside the shop as though some people were fighting with the police.
You can argue about it’s value and worth all day, but in the end the first film in the franchise is simply put, a giddy fun ride for both young and old. There’s enough for the mind to chew on to keep us interested in this world, and things have not yet fallen into near-parody. This way, we can jokingly say “I know kung-fu…” with a sense of endearment instead of revulsion.
The sentencer then moves on to consider ancilliary orders (such as compensation, anti-social behaviour orders, or various bans or disqualifications), before delivering the sentence.
After lunch Signora S. tactfully suggested that I might want to speak alone with Krishnamurti. She and Aldous went into the living room. A large French window opened onto the terrace, where Krishnamurti and I were left alone. The French window was closed, but, as I realized later, Aldous could see us silhouetted against the sweeping view of the Alps. An hour or two later, when we left our hosts, Aldous could not wait to ask, “What in the world happened between you and Krishnaji? You two were gesticulating with such animation and excitement— it almost looked as though you were having a fight. What happened?”
So, which do you prefer (without giving spoilers). Open ended endings? Or endings where everything is wrapped up in detail?
Iván Meade - What was your first experience with landscape design?
According to her sister Maryam, Zainab was arrested with another woman called Masooma Al-Sayed and was charged with illegal gathering, assaulting a female officer, and inciting hatred against the regime. The prosecutor decided to detain both women for seven days under investigation. Zainab was sprayed in her eyes when she was arrested and was unable to see for an hour. In the police station, Zainab was beaten on the head, arms and legs, as she was unable to see. She recognized the voice of the policewoman who beat her, but the prosecutor refused to write it down. Her lawyer attempted to show the prosecutor a video of Zainab's arrest, but he refused to see it. The policewoman came to the prosecutor with bandaged arm claiming Masooma and Zainab hit her. Zainab refused to sign the statement unless the name of the policewoman who hit was written down.
Mark's muscles were getting tired. He'd been on his perch for over an hour and his legs were starting to ache. His target, Heather, had come home one day with a giant wicker nic-nack, and had decided that the best place for it was on top of the wall separating the kitchen from the living room. Of course, when she decided that, the wall went floor to ceiling and it would be Mark's two month project to knock out the wall just above the cupboards, minus the load-baring beam, and finish it so it looked like it was originally built that way. For his efforts, Mark was afforded a perfect spot to ambush Heather with his foam-dart gun.
Egad. Hawaii Five-O is a CURRENT television show. It's one thing to get clearance for an old show. There's no way a television company is going to let you use characters from a current show. They've simply got too much money at stake. They get no benefit from letting you do it, and run the risk of you damaging their (intellectual) property.
I was first introduced to this idea through the works of author Robert A. Heinlein, and most particularly from his book Time Enough For Love. I urge anyone looking to expand their horizons a bit, or who just simply want a damn good reading experience, to give it a go.
Two: If I am tired and icky feeling, it is not a progesterone induced funk of early pregnancy. I am just not taking care of myself. I know better but what am I to do? I feel overwhelmed most days and don't eat like I used to, or exercise like I need to and consume too much caffeine- there I said it- I am unhealthy. This is really hard to admit because I used to be really healthy AND I spend lots of hours each week telling my patients to be healthy... I am a walking contradiction that gets away with it because by some miracle or probably good genes (thank you mom) I am the same size as I was pre-pregnancy... another nod to breastfeeding could go here as well. Honestly, that was what I was most afraid of- that I had exposed a little life to crap, crap, and more crap over the last 8 weeks or so. I made myself buy the test before I would drink another sweet tea or medicate a persistent headache that I couldn't make it to the chiropractor for. SO here is my wake up call that I need to jump back on the health bandwagon and stop blaming my phantom fetus for making me feel ill!
The film is a mix of technical police procedure, techno babble, and gruesome scenes of torture. Those three elements combine to make boring sequences of gathering evidence and the completely fanciful way computers work in Hollywood’s view interrupted by extreme violent deaths of the Edgar Alan poe variety. It does not take long to realize the last bits are meant to be a distraction from hoqw dry and boring the other two elements are.
i can't help but feel that this dream was telling me that i am on the right path...no matter how hard it is. i am trying to walk away from ways that no longer serve me. a few years ago i got sort of shell shocked by someone and it caused me to build a callous, to lose my carefreeness and to be more cynical than i have ever been in my life. so i started reading about taoism again, this has helped me start to unearth my authentic pooh-like self. i know that i have let go of a lot of that old hurt, but in many ways i still carry it around and it is terribly heavy. a weight in my chest. it skewed my vision of everyone around me and i lost a lot of the progress i had made towards embracing friendship after so many years of pushing it away.
I have thrown hell into my fallen angel -for really she was a true angel when she first arrived with the light of rescue. Presently what I have to show for it is a smoking, bubbling, dangerously burning toilet.
Look at you, girl
And he lost touch with friends of old,
203+ - Total (month-to-date as of Dec. 17)
Tough Tony Titwiler tells Jimmy Ray Dupree the dear is his, a gift from a friend who shot it earlier that day.
The snow stays until March. Even now there are giant mounds or balls of dirty ice, taller than us, at the end of every road and in the playground for us to climb on.
Algernon Pendleton's best friend is Eulalia. They have intimate conversations. She advises him on life's dilemmas. He compliments her on her musical voice and beautiful porcelain. That's not a porcelain complexion, though. That's literally porcelain. Eulalia, you see, is a Worcester pitcher. And she talks. But only to Algernon.
RUDOLPH'S ROUND UP! Take it away, Mimi! "RUDOLPH'S ROUNDUP prizes are coming in steady. I got candles in today , they are 3 wick candles in a glass container shaped like Texas ! They are beautiful ... (not just cuz they are Texas shaped , well...), I will be getting some Cure Search stuff, a team Unite sweatshirt. I am also designing new Coleman and Caden TeeShirts. That will be a surprise for later..." For now it is time to get busy:
attempt at solving the need for alternative-renewable energy; solar panels,
Hey u,
The claims in the '281 patent require actions by multiple parties (merchant, merchant processor, payment receiver). The defendants argued that, since none of them alone performed all the steps of the claims, they could not be liable for direct infringement. Taking the more liberal approach to joint infringement, the court stated that
Today the wind returned to blow away the heavy clouds and reward us with our first view of snow this Winter!
(9) Explain how to develop a tieset matrix for a given graph.
When I set out to write my novel, The Mother Road, I started with a simple idea: What would happen to a marriage expert if her husband demanded a divorce? Natalie Marino thought she had arrived. She believed she was existing in the now she’d worked so hard to achieve. But the end of her marriage is not only an emotional blow, it decimates the foundation of her career. Natalie finds herself starting a new journey, one she didn’t want to take and wasn’t prepared for.
Do his eyes speak to you...like they do to me?
The quilt was hand cut, hand pieced, and hand quilted by my husband's late 89 year old grandmother. It is a precious treasure, and was the inspiration for this room for the past four years.
Fresh juniper with a slight citrus aroma and a light juniper scent combining well on the nose. The palate is introduced to a slight raw kick of juniper but develops into a creamy texture and a long, slightly dry finish.
For every bomb we built we made ten million pills to cure twenty thousand diseases. We are the most benevolent race on earth, the main givers to charity, the majority of all fund raisers, aid workers and philanthropists.
It's time for a new Whimsical Wednesday Challenge. This time the challenge is "Celebrate Spring". Create any card or project to celebrate spring. This can be a spring image, colors, you decide how you celebrate spring.
Microsoft office Comics: The Nothing of Your company Company Card
Watching the returns from Saturday night’s South Carolina primary, I was struck by a focus group of Florida GOP voters, who had response dials as they listened to Newt Gingrich’s victory speech. Their dials skyrocketed into positive territory when Gingrich spoke of his willingness to stand up to ill-defined anti-Christian bigotry—this in a majority-Christian country where more than six in ten voters say they’d be less likely to support a presidential candidate who was an atheist.
Luke is her best friend, and the guy she hangs with to watch girlie movies in her large blanketopias. He's the guy she can confide in before she even goes to her girlfriends, and the guy who she's playing opposite in Romeo and Juliet. Now her chest flutters every time he gets too close. This is new. Is Ronnie falling for him? Or is Juliet? The lines are getting blurry, but leaving one guy for another is not something that a girl like Ronnie does.
“The bombing on 1 October 2010 was a platform for the elimination of political opposition from the north in the form of General Ibrahim 8abangida. The bombing of 1 October 2010 was also intended by the President Goodluck Jonathan Government to create anti North sentiments nationwide in order to galvanize support from other sections of Nigeria against other northern candidates in the Presidential elections,” he said.
Murrine (common pluralization murrini) is an Italian term for colored patterns or images made in a glass cane (long rods of glass) that are revealed when cut in cross-sections. Murrine can be made in infinite designs—some styles are more familiar, such as millefiore. Artists working in glass design murrine in a variety of ways from simple circular or square patterns to complex detailed designs to even portraits of people. Murrine are designed by layering different colors of molten glass around a core, then heating and stretching it into a rod. When cool, the rod is sliced into cross-sections of desired thickness with each slice possessing the same pattern in cross-section.
faithfully pray for Dad’s safe return. Maybe she won’t fall apart when she hears the news but oh,how I dread having to tell her.
This can’t happen!
“no, I’m saying I never WILL go to the moon, and that’s fine because I never expected to.”
I found out that Humans don’t have to be
PIGGY: the biggest cunt of all
A Proverbs 31 woman weighs 110 pounds and has perfect country-singer hair. (That’s in verse 52.)
DIARY OF A PUNK (subtitled LIFE AND DEATH OF THE PAGANS) is a swel read. Sure, you get your share of distant-purple-majesty Cleveland scene history/gossip, first hand recollections of punk rock surfacing like a Plesiasaur from the brackish waters of the Cuyahoga, even the stats on all the releases for those of you scoring at home.
Put him in check correct with my egg gun
That architects enclose
SEPARATE WAYS
Every inch of your body - except your head and eyebrows – must be shaved. There cannot be a hint of hair on your arms, chest, legs, even toes. Shave right before you go out at dusk so as to get the closest shave, the smoothest skin. Before you leave the house, scrutinize your body for any shaving nicks. Shaving nicks will kill you.
Two weekends ago I had opportunity to drive my wife's van (a Dodge Grand Caravan), which I don't do very often. This vehicle is 11 years old, has 155,000 miles on it, and is really starting to show it's age. But it still runs well. She had been complaining about the front struts not being right and making strange noises, but I had not really driven it to see what she was talking about.
Next, wearing a blue boubou and white cap, appears Dr. Adama Traoré, Vice President of the Coordination des Organisations Patriotiques du Mali (COPAM), a pro-putsch umbrella group formed in the days after last month’s coup d’etat. Flanked by a couple of young men in street clothes, he gives a statement in Bamanan with the same content as Lt. Ouedraogo’s remarks.
But in our ability
A few weeks ago my washer died. Since the dryer was also twelve years old we decided to replace them both. We purchased a stackable front-loading set in blue. They really are pretty, for appliances. For me being stackable is a much better feature than the color. I now have a laundry room I can dance in. It is huge! Even the space provided for the washer and dryer is a little over half full.
Mix cream cheese, artichokes, cheeses, mayo, garlic, basil, and parsley in a medium sized bowl.
4- Use Online collaboration/web conferencing tools!
6.- Porn Flakes - Produced by Tonedeff
OBAMA (muttering rebelliously): This sucks. (in a normal tone of voice) Hey, Mr. President – can I smoke?
the ways of the woods.
Through all of these passages, Jaffrey was able to take me into her world and trigger memories of my own. All of Jaffrey’s descriptions coalesced into a world that was worth knowing and experiencing.
This is why it is so important…for your organization…and your leaders…to provide the employees with all of the tools they need…not to eliminate stress…but to handle stress more effectively…
Last year workers experimented with small sections of fencing and they were pleased by the results. So they decided this year to try the effort on a bigger scale.
After a short sharp hike up a hill (Inca Trail practice apparently) it was lunch time (not the best) and onwards to our next stop on the mainland for a homestay in a rural community.
spending much more on
If however, you're trying to have the antagonist be Stefan, in that he's trying to suck William into doing something evil, you're going to need William to be more than a cipher. He'll need to be much more developed here. He finds himself wooed by Stefan, persuaded to come to Romania by the lure of money, only to find the money is contingent upon him killing a vampire who wants to die. What could be so bad about a true mercy killing? Well, there is the fact it would send him into "eternal night" (whatever the hell that is) and make him a vampire as well.
3. Form dough into tiny balls.
Compare that to the network news aimed at adults: Kids are stupid and need to be watched 24/7 or they will stick all ten fingers in electrical sockets.
The 777 cabin interior will undergo a complete re-design of seat fabrics, carpets and curtain dividers. Seats across Business, Premium Economy and Economy have been updated for even more comfort with extra padding, new fabrics and headrests throughout the aircraft.
I think the key to pulling off this look (in addition to maybe wearing some boyshorts underneath), is effortlessness. A really high heel, “done” hair, or a ton of accessories would feel too contrived…the last thing I’d want when wearing a men’s shirt as a dress. Well that, and a big old gust of wind (see “boyshorts” above).
The study of 802 men and women ages 55 to 65. Of that number, 281 "low wine drinkers" consumed less than one-third of their alcohol intake from wine, 176 "high wine drinkers" consumed two-thirds or more as wine, and 345 abstainers. The drinkers had one to two drinks per day, and researchers followed them for 20 years.
Young Gul has already read about the latest happenings when his cell rings. Its Jae Hyuk. They meet at his office again. (KL, it seriously is the same over and over!) Jae Hyuk talks normally this time, surprisingly, telling Young Gul whether he likes it or not, it’s a done deal so they should work together and do well. He lays out his offers and terms, telling Young Gul to decide fast, before he changes his mind. Jae Hyuk wants Young Gul to come to J Fashion who will be making YGM, since Ga Young is already here. If he dislikes the terms, Jae Hyuk will give him the five million. Young Gul signs, albeit unwillingly as he sees no other way out and leaves. As he’s leaving, Jae Hyuk asks what YGM actually stands for and is surprised by the answer. Young Gul runs into Ga Young in the lobby and she inadvertently calls him ‘sajang nim’ but he corrects her, he’s no longer her sajang. Ga Young watches him leave with tears. Young Gul watches as his employees are questioned regarding YGM by J Fashion employees. Bong Sook tells Ga Young the details that night. Young Gul worked so hard to try and do his best but was beaten by Jae Hyuk. In Bong Sook’s words, ‘Poor fellow.’
Dedicated to all who have suffered at the hands of Visteon
He was beginning to realize their roles had changed.
In The Littles to the Rescue, Mrs. Little is about to give birth and anxiously awaits the arrival of her nurse, Aunt Lily who is caught in a snow storm. Can she make it in time?
From this day on, I vow to only get on my phone or computer when Nick is sleeping. I will fight the urge to check my phone periodically. And if I don't get back to a friend's message right away or immediately return a phone call, I'm sorry. My family & my son are more important to me. Making sure they know how much I love them by my actions will be my number one priority from now on, as it always should have been.
Through a new program launched this spring with National Louis University (NLU), BOMA/ Chicago members – and members of their immediate family – can earn their bachelor’s or master’s degrees, a great step forward toward a more fulfilling and rewarding career. The program includes three degree options and offers tremendous incentives for participants.
Strangely enough, Mabry was also used from 1924 to 1935 as a maintenance headquarters for the State Highway Department, and from 1935 to 1952 as the headquarters of the DPS. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of state services mixing with the military in that way before, even with the National Guard.
I also wanted to let you know the JustRite Original Stamp Retirement Sales Ends March 21st. After March 21st all these great stamp sets will return to full price. These are the lowest JustRite Original Prices of the Year!
The final craft session on Sunday morning was to scrap a prayer. I hadn't been too sure what I wanted to do for this and leafed through my photographs thinking about prayers and looking for inspiration. I finally decided on this photograph of a wind farm off the North Wales coast and as the prayer used the first two lines of a hymn, 'Breathe on me breath of God, Fill me with life anew'. I wanted to keep it very simple, with a sprayed background (using a home cut mask) and a mix of blue and grey distress inks around the edge. I finished it off at home by adding the modelling paste through a stencil, and then after it was dry (and after the photo) rubbing silver onto it.
Comcast person confirmed my deceased mom was STILL listed as primary and showed me that he had changed it on the computer. I was shown the same thing years ago the last time this issue came up. Color me dubious.
6. Eyes Like Stars by Lisa Mantchev - A fantastical and magical theater where all of Shakespeare's plays come to life. So naturally, there are also trouble-making fairies (who rock).
The anti virus software market for the most part has been a thriving one. With new viruses coming up everyday, anti virus software companies were always assured of good revenues.
Here's a little about Kirsten
A recent question that was posted on the blog “what’s your advice in taking picture in the dark?” This is an excellent question and I thought it would make for a great post. There are a few things to consider when taking photos at night or in low light.
This I made for my dad's 56th birthday. He likes the Saint so had to do a cake with that.
PROVERBS 15:33
Meanwhile, there is the Cuban Missile Crisis. In reading historical fiction, especially historical fiction set against the author's own childhood and teen years, I always ask why? Why this time period and not today? Today, there are independent store owners battling for survival (and losing) against chains. Today, there are parents who work and worry about paying bills. Today, on the playground girls and boys sometimes segregate into two groups and battle. And, yes, today, there are still people who think "boys like cars" and "girls like makeup" and don't make allowances for those boys who don't like cars and the girls who do. And yes, today, there are children whose parents are fighting in the military, like some of the children in the book. So why not just set this book in the present?
Put into the fridge to cool quicker if you are impatient.
Shop for groceries. You can never have enough groceries. Unless you live by yourself. Which I don’t.
Wolff MS. Occupationally derived chemicals in breast milk. Am J Ind Med 1983; 4: 259-291.
Here’s the new political correctness:
Stay tuned, America. Rachet up your prayers.
But oh, there was a time and it all came flooding back when I opened Bob Gruen’s beautiful new book, Rock Seen – a sparkling collage of live concert shots and portraits from the last 40 years.
Baxter, the Pig Who Wanted to be Kosher by Laurel Snyder with illustrations by David Goldin
Prayer is the soul’s sincere desire,
Might as well chat a moment about the fitness effort around here. With eating more calories and walking less, I am maintaining at 40 pounds. My goal is 2 pounds a month, which is just about what I have averaged the past 2 years. I'd love to drop that much a week. I wish there was some way to let my body know it really does not have to hang on to fat stores in case of famine or pregnancy, or both. I can't believe that's the only thing it's really good at. LOL I can't dance, can't sing, can't walk a tightrope or metabolize above the going zombie levels, but I can show ya where my noms at. Or, where it went anyhow.
France gets thrown through a plate glass window, but gets back up and carries on fighting. Russia gets thrown through another one, gets knocked out, suffers brain damage, and wakes up with a complete personality change.
And I hope you have all you’ve dreamed of.
So using a combination of intuition, my sound map, a certain degree of understanding of our prey, and previous tracking experience, we followed the trail several hundred yards through the woods. Lu sometimes just followed me, sometimes helped grid search. Eventually we lost the trail. That would be sometime during the snowy part of the trail, where crusty snow was up to the middle of my shins, and getting packed into my sneakers. That hurts, by the way.
Image 4: The Lion of Judah.
And…have fun! Don’t ever take yourself too seriously and never take rejection personally…because there is a lot of it in this business.
SIX HOURS and there's a brand NEW layer upon everything.
music--i have to admit to being a judgemental bitch. i assumed amy winehouse would sing heavy metal music that i would hate--i judged a book by its cover. someone sent me a copy of one of her cds. holy shit she had a set of pipes on her. she was born in the wrong time, certainly an old soul. love her music. and adele. i got on that band wagon too--even though they played the hell out of that one song for way too long. lmfao? i cannot stand. i swear when i saw them on dick's rockin' new year's eve (and how sad is that that he died?) i thought it was a spoof...no clue they were a real band.
It's time for this week's Featured Spotlight Cards from last Saturday's challenge (SSS154). Thank you all for participating.
Please email me back to find out more information, below I have listed the beers I acquired
Most of the men I’ve known in my life have had An Interest. You know, one thing that they’re, um, passionate about. Okay, obsessive about. For some it’s rugby, for others it’s family history (Hi Dad), for some it’s music (in that High Fidelity, list-making kind of way).
1. Times Are Changing
I felt the most connected to Annie. She is a good mother and wife. She was warm and friendly. The other person that I connected with in tbe beginning was Jules. She had a good heart. She still wanted to beleive that her father could be cured. I must admit that I did not see where her romantic relationship was headed. It was out of left field at first. In the end, it made sense.
The boys asked if they could walk as far out as they could. Like a big dummy I said yes. An hour later my sons were mere dots on the horizon - without cell phones, without Keith's insulin, without water, without any means of me getting to them. I started to panic and best as I could tell, they were STILL walking the other direction. I loaded my pockets with bottles of water and started out after them. Wisely they had turned around and finally met up with me. And yes they were parched. AND Keith was walking barefoot. On the salt. The bottoms of both of his feet were gigantic blisters. Fortunately it didn't cause him any pain and didn't adversely affect the rest of the trip, although he did revel in grossing all of us out as he poked and drained his feet. EW!
So without futher ado let me introduce you to Lucette, he even let me give her her name ! Lucette means 'Little light' ahhhhhhhhh so sweet :)
The end of March will mark two years since my adorable grandmother passed away, just three short weeks after being diagnosed with Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
I told my therapist to take some action against the daughter or do something to help the poor parents and she did try but failed. Even a police report would worsen the matters in their case she said with such pain in her voice. It troubled me. We are still thinking how to change the situation. The woman is well to do so the monitory condition is not the reason.
Iris James, the postmistress, is listening to "that gal" on the radio, as Frankie Bard redefines what a hero is. This long quote (from pages 119-120) was one of my favorites:
Of course there’s the social media apps as well. The big ones like Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and even Google+ are all relevant to a mobile journalist. Twitter is possibly the biggest one, seeing that things are tweeted almost every second. Pictures and videos are also tweeted, giving you a view-point from around the world.
Wow! We really loved your wonderful creations last week!
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
"Ricky, baby, turn around! I love you!" When he doesn't respond, she flops back down, and beer sloshes over the edge of her glass. "Hey, when's halftime?"
Mizuno Wave is widely used on Mizuno running shoes because it provides the perfect combination of motion control and cushioning. If you would notice, most running shoes have flat midsole for their cushioning; Mizuno wave on the other hand, has a wave-like plastic midsole which allows the impact to travel along this wave. This technology helps minimize pronation and provides optimum shock absorption.
For real-estate professionals SIMA is a chance to meet with other leading professionals and organisations in the real estate market both in the national and international sectors. It offers companies and professionals from emerging markets across the world the ideal place to make contact with investors from Spain and other countries.
Three years ago, the FMLN – a party that originated during El Salvador’s civil war (1980-1992) as a coalition of revolutionary guerilla organizations – won 35 AL seats to earn its first legislative lead. The once dominant ARENA saw its representation trimmed from 34 to 32 seats, while the minority Partido de Conciliación Nacional (PCL), Partido Demócrata Cristiano (PDC) and Cambio Democrático (CD) parties won the legislature’s other 17 seats between them.
Happily there are more markets coming up soon - we have Newmarket and Rye next Saturday (Feb 20), and then the next Seacoast Eat Local market in Rollinsford (Feb 27). The winter markets really have been amazing this year - so well attended, so happy, and so great for continued access to local foods. All good!!
My desire to make my way to my shelter is offset by apathy and I drift off to a restless sleep. The screams I heard worried me, but in dreams screams mean nothing. They are phantoms of real thoughts, actions, doubts and fears.
I wasn’t able to go on-line and blog yesterday. So I send my Hearts Day greeting today.
Not many months passed by before I was called to endure a still greater misfortune. My father owned a saw mill in addition to his flour mill, and one morning, in company with several other boys, I went into the saw mill and got upon the headlock of the carriage to ride, not anticipatng any danger; but before I was aware of it my leg was caught between the headlock and the fender post and broken in two. I was taken to the house, and lay nine hours before my bones were replaced. That time was spent in severe pain; but being young, my bones soon knitted together, and in a few weeks I. was upon my feet as usual, attending to the sports of youth. During this confinement my brother Thompson was my companion. He was suffering from typhus fever.”
“We might as well try it,” says Mr Young. “I mean, what can go wrong? It just has to get hot and steamy, after all. Is there really any need to pay more just for fancy switches and lights and a big water chamber?”
3rd CFL-3 Kieran Grant
She has to give it a shot somehow.
without the trappings of wealth or glory,
So, check out John and Paul in their rather boisterous revisiting of the episode, while once again bringing me along for the ride: Cyborgs: A Bionic Podcast – “Little Orphan Airplane”
Sparky and I had many adventures together, such as driving to BYU on the freeway for the first time and that time when I ripped off his BYU tramp stamp with a spatula. He got the nickname Sparky after his battery died at Steve’s house and the jumper cables nearly electrocuted poor Steve. His battery failed him two times that night. I thought I would lose him.
They both stayed silent for a moment. He then looked towards her waiting for some reply but she said nothing. She opened her bag instead and took out a piece of paper and handed it out to him.
Believe – Receive the benefits – Your Father’s gift – Forgiveness
2tsp. Cayenne Pepper
I bloody love a few tinnies and pizza, I'd eat it for the rest of my life if it didn't kill me by 45... The beer might have been in a stupid small bottle, and it might have been really bloody expensive, but it did get me really pissed, and after that, and loads of WKDs in Oceana I managed to pull a proper fit bird - I'm gonna have to start every night with one of these from now on, It's a guaranteed lay maker!
For their family, eating anything and everything outside of the ‘norm’, was the norm. I came from a pretty conservative household on the culinary front, and Annie opened up a whole world of tastes and possibilities for me. And as Annie was the first woman I met that truly loved cooking, meals at their house always left me full of wonder and wild inspiration. She also enjoyed taking us for dinner, and some of the more memorable meals out were at Ethiopian, Indian, Korean, and Macedonian restaurants – cuisines I’d never even heard of. When I was about 13, Annie took her daughter and I out for my first sushi. It was disgusting.
There isn't a pasta dish that I won't eat and there isn't an Italian dish that I can ever
By linking to our Conservative traditions we would give supporters a secure base to argue from with abundant role models like Enoch Powell, the great fifth Marquess of Salisbury who fought against immigration and defended “our kith and Kin” in Rhodesia and Sir Winston Churchill, who tried to introduce a Bill to control immigration in 1955 (1), and many others. That and quotes from our history and that would strengthen their conviction and impress their hearers. People follow the dominant elites because they appear stronger and successful; even many who agree with us vote for one of the dominant parties for those reasons. A conviction based on the knowledge that we follow in the steps of great national figures would help counter that disadvantage.
-4 cloves garlic, diced
Level 8: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 240 seconds, All Stats: +4%.
Since so many of you have experience taking self-portraits for your own blogs what great tips do you have to help those of us with crap cameras take good pictures?
The Globe & Mail reports a lawsuit is imminent alleging widespread harassment within Canada's federal police force, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police:
The objective technical problem derived in this way may not be what the applicant presented as "the problem" in his application. The latter may require reformulation, since the objective technical problem is based on objectively established facts, in particular appearing in the prior art revealed in the course of the proceedings, which may be different from the prior art of which the applicant was actually aware at the time the application was filed. In particular, the prior art cited in the search report may put the invention in an entirely different perspective from that apparent from reading the application only.
I could go on and on about alot of things but I think I'm done for now..
There is NO REMOTE POSSIBILITY of mutual tolerance on the same soil.
GC: So about five hours in total. I’ve read a bunch of things about it, someone said originally it was going to be six hours, then I read that he screened it once and it was five hours and ten minutes, and now James Robertson just said it was going to be four and a half. But yours is coming directly from Maxwell so it’s the most credible.
General notes on making use of OSCE events
The partnership was put together by syndicate manager Peter Kerr and comprises Allan and Jan Snow, Christine Elks, Geoffrey and Hilary Herdman, Huw and Carol Davies, Jim and Lynda Clark, Peter and Olive Smith, Richard and Susie Davies and Tony Kelly. The group includes an accountant, a solicitor, a railway health and safety worker and retired people, from all parts of the country. Kerr, from near Milton Keynes, has charge of three other ownership groups at the Bailey yard and all four horses involved have won. He came into syndicate managership after being made redundant from a computer supply company through a chance visit to now-retired trainer Peter Harris’s yard at Tring, and has been involved with top-level winners under both codes in Tidal Fury (jumps) and Primo Valentino (Flat). The Clarks and the Smiths were involved in the last-named, but none of the members in the Midnight Haze group have previously had a Grand National runner.
like a broken comet
This being our last week of our Spring theme at Make My Monday, our challenge is for New Life or New Beginning,. this leaves many options open for a spring card. Please do take a look at the blog for the DT have made some super cards to inspire you. I decided on a New Beginnings, with a wedding congratulations card. I thought maybe a new beginning for either a second marriage or it could be even suitable for a civil partnership wedding. My touch of spring are the new branches bearing fruit and the small white flowers.
Protein pancakes!! I had this protein pancake craving because all these recipes for them in the blogisphere. so i tried a veganized version of Heather eats almond butter's and they were awesome. I also got some 100 percent dark chocolate from the store, melted it with lakanto in my dehydrator, and spread some on top. it was so good!
Later, Bianca heads downstairs in her nightgown, passing Cesare on the way as he secretly slips out to meet the Band of Badass. Hilariously, he very nearly rolls his eyes at the sight of her heading to his father’s bedroom.
Central Jakarta
Now, apparently, the worm has totally turned.
Tastes like a mixture that we cannot blend
But that’s history, and Christian churches are weak on history, even and especially their own. Besides, can there be any doubt that Mexico’s histrionic envy is on the agenda for mainstream American churches? It’s a subject sure to be addressed after they’ve finished off Israel, our racism, and the victimization of gays. Yes, Mexico’s former territory is on the agenda all right; it’s just too far down the list to see as yet. First, there are all these other burning issues.
i love chunky knits! and I'm sure we will all appreciate this trend in the colder months. its versatile and flattering to all body shapes and sizes and chunky knit clothing come in a range of styles from jumpers to cardigans to hoodies.. possibilities are endless. this is a definite staple in any closet.
Plus the soundtrack kicks ass and the cast is spectacular (seriously, Helena Bonham Carter is so completely underrated as an actress, it's baffling). I love the movie for the same reasons I love the original author's work: it pushes the envelope past where you expect things to end and where you are comfortable. I like being forced out of my comfort zone.
When I took over leadership of my local atheist group, about six of us met irregularly. The first thing I did was to organize a regular monthly meeting. I also worried a lot. I worried that the group would fail, and I worried that its failure would be my fault. I thought I would feel better if I organized a steering committee to share the responsibility. Along with the regular meeting and the steering committee, we now have a monthly movie night, a monthly game night, and a bi-monthly book group. You might think I would feel better, but you would be wrong. I was so overwrought after our meeting on Saturday that I had to take even more pills than usual to get to sleep, and then I was awakened by nightmares.
Morning's at seven;
I always get up
I apologize to my husband for not writing again for so long. I left things hanging. As far as anyone knew he was still not taking responsibility and things were still horrible at home. This isn't the case. I got sick and have not been up to writing and finishing the story.
Of course, similar devices are available for filtering back into cask.
9. Thanks for the Ride - Fake ID
And because good things should not be kept secret, I'm sharing the recipe with all of you ...enjoy!
On the iPhone I read the press. The Independent app is genius - far superior to other news apps and, in my opinion, better than their website. I am limiting myself to that and the BBC app in the news categories, or I will never stop.
In a place that I found in about two seconds.
Why did you have to go
First let me say that I do not hate either of you or think Chamille is a 'horrible person' as she says. Additionally I am not looking to blame anyone, Chamelle included, for *** running away. I know that you both care for *** and I trust that your intentions are in the right place. I have thoroughly read both of your emails and they will weigh on my heart. I hope you understand that right now I am unable to engage either of you in a discussion along these lines as my first priority is ***. Regardless of your beliefs I too love ***, appreciate her and know her as only a mother can. I am doing everything I can do to help her.
“How are the kids?”
Addendum: The author welcomes suggestions for slowing down and yet continuing to have a fun, exciting life. The author was told recently... You need a boyfriend! She sorely wishes that she had followed up that observation with... Got anybody in particular in mind?
Ever since working at Memories and More, I've been having fun playing with new stuff and thinking outside the box a bit more. I was so inspired by this gorgeous frame from the JustRite stamp collection called 'Just Keep Calm,' and so I decided to stamp it and try some Stampendous Aged Ivory Embossing Enamel heat embossed on top. It gave it quite an antique look...love it! The sophisticated sentiment went perfect with one of my favorite line of papers right now! It's GCDStudios Splendor.*swoon*
I did not post last week so this post will be for last week! I have the Tribeca Open Artists Studio Tour (TOAST) coming up this Friday evening, Saturday and Sunday, so I have been busy getting ready for a big mass of people to be coming to my studio.
Novikov KI, Kolodina LN, Lipovskii SM, Badalova LV. Specificity of lactation in workers of the chemical (rubber) industry. Gig Tr Prof Zabol 1979; 23: 45.
“I never heard of any graveyard around here called Dark Cemetery,” I muttered.
Yes he talked during the service. He said our names making sure we were all on the row with him. He needed my Dad to sit next to him and have his arm around him for most of the service. But he watched in awe at the music, the lights, the sounds; he experienced the beauty that is a candlelight Christmas Eve service. He worshiped with his family and was just generally pleased to be there.
Back in December I ordered a new bed for our new master bedroom. I purchased the bed shown below from Joss & Main during one of their flash sales.
Really I think this is just gonna be a short posting today, like a short marker on my own mental health status. First off I was on another site that asked me to create one of those “about me” postings that I find so annoying. This time though I drew one up that I’m pretty proud of ;
Mr. PeDelford: Check.
It rained a little over the sleet last night and there is ice on everything snow banks and roads. It snowed a little this afternoon but it did not amount to anything.
"I welcome this assessment for design reform. However, it is important that any further research makes clear the relationship between (registered) design rights and innovation in the context of product design. The majority of the UK’s 232,000 designers (in 55 different design disciplines) rely on unregistered (copyright, design and trade marks) and informal rights. In this initial assessment, it is clear that UKIPO has listened and understands the problems facing many SME’s within design. Now the challenge will be to address them sensibly, practically and proactively with more action and less words”. Class 99 will be following events carefully and hopes to report on developments as soon as they occur.
Richie and I took a short little trip at the first of the week to St. Louis. We got there Sunday night and ate at the Schafly Tap Room. It is a brewery with some really delicious food.
The 2.3.4 official software update adds tons of new features to this awesome phone. When it was first released last May 2011, many scoffed at it, but as of November 2011 onwards, Sony Ericsson’s continued support and firmware updates changed this phone dramatically.
Here are a few that I finished.
I'll be talking more about the Jeans Sew-Along in the weeks ahead, naturally. I'm excited!
You’re not even willing to swear at me in English? I think you should learn to respect your clients.
Check out these results
The finished CD case is a much brighter blue than the photo suggests (empty cider cans from last night's Presidential debate drinking game are just about out of shot) and I'm really happy with how it turned out. The EP features the bouncy, fifties rock 'n roll-tinged title track You Got It Wrong, the supremely sing-a-long-able What's It All About and a terrific funk-drenched remix of Let's Start A Fire Tonight by electro sexfunk overlord Jack Samson.
The Paisley Beer Festival runs until Saturday and it’s £5 (£3 CAMRA members) to get in (includes re-admission on subsequent days). The hashtag is #pbf12.
Good luck to you both for a long and happy life together and sincere thanks to both families for putting up with me throughout the day. Here are a few early reminders of what made it so special.
Lime juice – 2 tbsp
I know you can't make it because you live too far away, most of you, so here are some links to fill you in. First, a pre-concert chat where Conductor Eric explains some of the nuances of the music. I created this video as one of my new tasks on the board of trustees—shot in my own piano room and assembled in my messy office with a big puppy chewing on sticks at my feet:
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this paper is to review the literature regarding Withania somnifera (ashwagandha, WS) a commonly used herb in Ayurvedic medicine. Specifically, the literature was reviewed for articles pertaining to chemical properties, therapeutic benefits, and toxicity. DESIGN: This review is in a narrative format and consists of all publications relevant to ashwagandha that were identified by the authors through a systematic search of major computerized medical databases; no statistical pooling of results or evaluation of the quality of the studies was performed due to the widely different methods employed by each study. RESULTS: Studies indicate ashwagandha possesses anti-inflammatory, antitumor, antistress, antioxidant, immunomodulatory, hemopoietic, and rejuvenating properties. It also appears to exert a positive influence on the endocrine, cardiopulmonary, and central nervous systems. The mechanisms of action for these properties are not fully understood. Toxicity studies reveal that ashwagandha appears to be a safe compound. CONCLUSION: Preliminary studies have found various constituents of ashwagandha exhibit a variety of therapeutic effects with little or no associated toxicity. These results are very encouraging and indicate this herb should be studied more extensively to confirm these results and reveal other potential therapeutic effects. Clinical trials using ashwagandha for a variety of conditions should also be conducted.
how soon the due date turns out to be). In other words, she's going to
A friend and peer tells me that experiencing something new is like opening a door. You exist on one end of the door and someone else exists on the other end. Once the door is consciously opened and the two engage each other, both are impacted and growth begins to happen. Plastic passions force people to characterize others without critical engagement, thus keeping the door shut. Even if the door is open and the one of these people still has a hardened perception they will still keep up a guard. That’s what these three black prophets were doing by engaging the streets of Amsterdam in dialogue, but refusing to critically acknowledge the ideas of the world being refracted towards them through a medium like myself.
The best course of action to take sometimes isn't clear until you've listed and considered your alternatives. The following paragraphs should help clue you in to what the experts think is significant.
Cheers!!!
My dad traveled a bit with his job but he would go in and out of his office almost every day. Every night for three weeks my mom would ask my dad if he fixed the rotisserie. Every night my dad would say he did not get around to it. My mom explained that rotisseries were expensive and if she had to, she would get a new one. My dad would then tell her that he would fix it and not to waste the time or money.
That weak blip. That electric signal that indicates a pulse is present on this ashen gray elderly gentleman. "Hot damn...we did it!" His heart is chemically dependent to keep running but he's alive. You may ask why? I don't. I just do my job.
Anyway, there will be more about our trip when my brain allows me to string together some coherent sentences but in the meantime, here are the photos I took on Instagram:
if it’s of the wrong size, it won’t be loved
The importance of Democratic Korea acquiring nuclear weapons cannot be overstated. In 2005, the U.S. presented an ultimatum to both Libya and the DPRK, demanding that both surrender their nuclear weapons programs and cooperate with Western imperialism in the ‘war on terror.’ Libyan head of state Muammar Gaddafi played ball. Kim Jong-Il gave the U.S. a figurative middle finger. As we near the end of 2011, having witnessed NATO’s brutal invasion of Libya and the toppling of Gaddafi’s government, it’s painfully clear who made the right choice.
The cool thing about it is that the information is public! You don’t have to speculate on how good/bad a PPV did (TNA), argue about whether or not the company is actually financially viable (TNA) or palaver over whether or not they’ll be in or out of business in the next ten minutes (TNA). It’s all right there for you to see!
But this week, the trailer for her book is out, and I am proud to share it with all of you.
Stacey: The setting is absolutely a character in this book, probably more so than any I've written previously. The post fairy-apocalypse world outside the iron gates of the small southern town of Donaldsonville, Louisiana, is a constant in the mind of every character. The natural world and the bayou that once provided for people in the delta are now a source of fear, predators outnumber prey and people have been shifted to a lower place on the food chain.
Agliotti's family were attacked in 2007 and tortured for three hours by robbers. His teenage daughter was molested and his former wife was beaten by the gang. At the time he was under house arrest and under surveillance by the Scorpions. Agliotti has moved out of the Sandton complex and is currently testifying in Jackie Selebi's corruption trial.
It is a Primer, Paint, and Sealer ALL IN ONE
CHANCE J, WILLIAMSON S. A user-friendly approach to improving healthcare worker influenza vaccination compliance. Am J Infect Control 2005; 33: E62.
Monday night’s Takoma Park City Council meeting was attended by MCCRC activists advocating the NDAA/AUMF resolution and peace activists for the “Fund our Communities” (FOC) resolution put forward by the coalition of the same name. Activist numbers and passion were lauded by councilmembers Kay Daniels-Cohen and Fred Schultz during the meeting.
At any rate, not only did H-D report strong gains in earnings for the first quarter of 2012, but motorcycle and related products revenue for the quarter jumped to $1.27 billion, compared with $1.06 billion for the year-ago period. Consolidated revenue for the quarter, which includes revenue from H-D’s financial services unit, rose to $1.43 billion for the quarter, compared with $1.22 billion in the year-ago quarter. Most important was the fact that retail sales of new motorcycles grew 20.3 percent worldwide in the quarter compared with the prior-year period and it was led by a strong 25.5 percent increase in the U.S.
The brothers planted a corn plant in the middle of the house and told their mother. “Mother, as long as we are alive and well, this plant will flourish. If it withers away, it means we are dead. Then you will have to take care of Chouen and Batz. Make them wise and learned in arts and craft. But never let them play the ball game lest they attract the attention of the Lords of Xibalba”
If you visit the site and click the ticket section, you will see somehow a very detailed ticket packages explained there. Well, the regular ticket price is 55,000 KRW for 1 day and 88,000 KRW for 2 days. Check it here or here.
Michael Miller, who is handicapped, is a student at FVTC and one of the leading volunteers for Easter Seals Wisconsin . It’s a non-profit organization that provides services to people with autism and other disabilities so they can live, learn, work and play in their communities.
Green Dragon, which has recently been bought by Rogue. A farily small operation with some open seating good drinking areas. Sadly, since the buy-out, the brewery only brews one beer (of which we didnt have....were were in and IPA mood). However, time was short and the news of 12, 000 naked cyclists through the streets of Portland was causing a bit of a tingle.
The next question goes – which fiord to see – Milford Sound or Doubtful Sound? Pictures from Doubtful Sound here. I’ll come back to Milford Sound in another post.
Except the orthopedist insisted that I go to Fox Rehab & specifically, to Ryan. I went for my first appointment on Thursday, determined to give Ryan ONE shot. I pass by a dozen other physical therapy places on the way to him, and wonder which exercises I’d be prescribed this time.
A good discussion of an issue that’s bothered me as well for some time. It is most curious how Auster, who is generally able to deal with an issue in calm and rational terms appears to have a major blind spot when it comes to the Jewish Question. As KMD remarks, it’s very difficult to argue with someone who refuses to acknowledge the depth of his ethnic investment in the issue under discussion. When Jews are at issue, or at least when a non-Jew brings up the negative consequences of Jewish behaviour, Auster almost invariably resorts to ad hominem bullying and insults.
Guilt by Association: A Novel by Marcia Clark (Mulholland Books, $14.99, 384 pages)
Before eating, try this: Sit at the table with an attractive place setting. Light a candle. Enjoy how the food looks. Place your dominant hand over your heart and bless the food. Tell your body that you are going to use the food to richly nourish it, but that you are not going to use the food to fulfill your emotional hungers.
That doesn’t mean that Nintendo can’t participate in this upcoming trend. Nintendo’s golden ticket into this advanced connectivity is through their latest portable console; the Nintendo 3DS. In regards to connectivity, the potential between these two machines are endless. For starters, rumours suggest a pedometer-like device that can share my Mii and StreetPass information with other gamers. Hopefully, Nintendo realizes that we already have a machine that can do that. Connecting and syncing the two machines’ profiles and Miis would be essential if Nintendo plans to pursue this trend. According to their ideas and concepts for the new Smash Bros. title, this has already been considered.
They really are funny little things. The plumage on a cock pheasant is stunning, and stationary it looks almost elegant with long slim tail feathers, a proud face and the spectacular shimmering mallard-green and holly-red head, subtly speckled and smoky feathers on the body. But then they start to move, and the show begins. Strutting around with his chest puffed up, the cock pheasant assumes a comically arrogant persona: a rich portly gentleman of class, red face from years of overindulgence and cigars simply because he can; one thumb hooked into the pocket of a silk waistcoat, gold buttons straining, as he consults his shiny pocket watch pretentiously, rising onto his tip toes in that sort of way as he proclaims something supposedly insightful, concluded with ‘… don’t you know old boy’. Tail thrust out proudly behind him, our Mr Pheasant –sorry, Sir Pheasant, swaggers about as if he owns the land and terribly kindly lets the poor farmer work it. And yet, for all his apparent pride, if you walk or better yet drive towards him, the two scrawny little legs that support his rotund body start spinning round in circles like a Loony Toons character. Both scared and hilariously indignant, huffing and puffing he scuttles away.
"I wonder if the daunting “400 page problem” that Anderson suggests leads us to a better solution. Maybe minutes and seconds is the best measure of book length in the digital world. Music and movies, which migrated to digital formats years ago, consistently provide the duration of the piece and there are already signs of this standard being associated with the written word."
We got on the train and received a text from Lujain saying sorry she couldn’t come but to have a nice time. We had texted her at 10am and it was now 6pm. We chatted about how it didn’t make sense for people to miss this day and especially to bail at the last-minute. What will Myrte do without me next year?
“Already? I thought you really like him.”
Kristina actually showed a very interesting masking technique, but somehow I could not pull it off successfully, so I used a patterned paper instead, so this is not a true CAS card because of it. But I still like how it turned out.
So it looks like its déjà vu all over again. We intend to fight these proposed cuts, just as we did last year, but we once again need your help. Here’s what you can do:
so, just an interesting piece that any good puritan witchfinder could take great objection to...
“Drop!”
Trip-O-Meter: 4.5 out of 5
Older son participated in a huge children's festival held in the next town as a representative of his FIRST Robotics team. He put in 11 hours of community service that day. As is the ideal of FIRST Robotics, the participants are not just to actually do robotics and compete they also are supposed to reach out to the community to educate and inspire others, especially younger kids. (Seems to me in the 1970s and prior such a notion was unheard of. Times have changed.)
Dandelion understands parents needs and concerns for their children and work hard to develop products that are not only Eco-conscious, but Safe in all aspects for our children.
Another moment in 2004 showed me something special. Chilly night in Zanesville, post-convention. I was with my friend and mentor as “Land of Hope and Dreams” played. For her, it was an emotional moment, much more than it was for me. But it was still powerful, etched into my memory. Later, that same friend played “Trapped” for me for the first time. More than anyone, she taught me how to appreciate Bruce. He played the lawn at Ohio State at the end of the campaign, and I stood 10 yards from Springsteen. I was hooked.
It is far more rational to suppose, that the courts were designed to be an intermediate body between the people and the legislature, in order … to keep the latter within the limits assigned to their authority. The interpretation of the laws is the proper and peculiar province of the courts.
After Goldie went to be a science candidate, the kids from the campus were disappointed. Not long after, another came. I fed it with cricket bought from the pet fish shop. The scientist had hope that Magdeline would attract a male and perhaps we could breed it. Sadly Magadeline didn't survive. I immoralised her in a setting agent. Unfortunately, the agent beached Magadeline of this gold colour.
That they are writing for children as they ARE, not children as adults often perceive them to be (those fragile little darlings again). Write for them as equals, because they are: in their tastes, their humour, their resilience and their intellectual potential. Do not talk down to them. Do not be afraid to truly scare them. If you infantilize them, even for a moment, they will not forgive you.
I have included an assemblage. It is the first I created, in Italy, when I attended a Michael Demeng workshop. The place, the instruction, the Italian "junking", but mostly the people I was lucky enough to meet and share ideas with made it an amazing experience.
Don't forget to visit our lovely design team members for some inspiration, I am sure you will not be disappointed.
If we had more answers?
The master schedule will probably be done about the end of the school year having all the available classes represented, but there is a new pathway that will begin next year.
If we are created in the likeness of the divine, what view colors our perception of the divine if we do not seek genuine forgiveness of ourselves for our own actions by becoming someone who can never act in such a way again; by showing true remorse for what is apparently animal-like to be?
Bracelets, Earrings: 14K gold, gifts from my parents years ago
“I read something in the library about a farm in this area, and it said some pretty freaky things.”
Cos in someways i envy these people who sleep out under the stars every night..though i dont envy the misery and other evil things they may be subjected to..
But now you’re gone and far off away,
Divide the dough into two equal portions on the baking sheet. Shape each piece of dough into a 9 inch by 1 1/2 inch wide log. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar and cinnamon for the topping. Brush the reserved egg white on the dough and sprinkle generously with the cinnamon-sugar mixture.
2. Stay out of the toy aisle. Parents, it is hard to resist cute toys and flashy toys even when you know you don't need anything. Plus, when kids get to be mobile, they will want to take toys home with them and not understand when you have to leave them.
As Pew noted in 2011’s State of the News Media, “the right combination of the three may be at the vanguard of the new economics of news.” Underpinning all of this is the fact that even in an era of globalization, local matters. Community websites, blogs and Facebook groups can all play a valuable role in helping to define local identity, fill gaps in existing content provision, hold authority to account and broaden the range of media available to audiences.
Another milestone in her career was Fashion where she played the role of Meghna Mathur and the movie revolved the conveniently hidden secrets of the glamour world, Priyanka’s role was so intense and well acted that her father couldn’t help but break down seeing on seeing her immaculate portrayal. Talk about intense acting, Priyanka won a number of accolades and critic awards for 7 Khoon Maaf. She was the protagonist in this Vishal Bharadwaj directed movie and has only managed to raise the bar for the bird-brained, nothing-but-a-pretty-face actresses of today.
This is what it looked like out my bedroom window. I could hear my husband out there shoveling. But other than that, it was blissfully quiet ~ you know, the kind of quiet you get when there’s a blanket of snow on the earth.
Those who were not raised Catholic (or who were born too long after Vatican II) may find this shockingly pagan, and indeed my enthusiasm for the ceremony (and Marianism in general) was clearly (in retrospect, at least) the first sign of my turn toward paganism.
Not since the St Stephen's Day tsunami of 2004 has Mother Nature, that most spiteful of all the mothers, done so much to shatter the hopes, the dreams, the very lives of so many innocents. At 5.55pm the tweet came through:
Los Consagrados became my favorite Saturday milonga, even though when I still had enough energy I'd something visit Juan Lencina at La Nacional on Saturdays also.
The debate has always centered whether or not that wall existed when the Dodgers played there. That would have to have the wall in place in 1912 or before. If it is indeed proven this wall was in place prior to the Dodgers moving to Ebbets, obviously it raises concerns about it's preservation. A few years back, the present owner of the lot, Con-Edison, raised eyebrows when they announced plans to demolish the wall. Brooklyn baseball fans freaked out and Con-Ed has since been committed to it's preservation. Naturally, I have the same interest level whether this wall can be dated to the Dodgers as any other Brooklyn Dodger enthusiast.
Pours an inky brownish black with a solid dark tan head. Smells deep and grainy, with oak.
At the time of writing the above, the name ‘Owain Leeson’ was mentioned just twelve times by the Google seach engine. All of those websites mentioning his death would, undoubtedly, be described by the PC politicians, the black and Asian activists and the media darlings as ‘white supremacist,’ ‘racist,’ ‘neo-Nazi,’ ‘fascist,’ etc. On the other hand, if you had type the name ‘Stephen Lawrence’ into the same search engine on the same day, you would find his name mentioned a staggering 134,000 times!Most of those mentioning him would be the very same people describing the websites daring to mention Owain Leeson as ‘racist.Khalid Shafiq is pictured below:
When we as a family get together by ourselves, my older daughter still turns to my husband and speaks in English majority of times since she can express herself better in the language. It’s tough for me to deal with this situation even though I know that this results from the language ability correlating to the choice of listeners. I take this as one of the hurdles I have to go through as a parent who is raising her own children bilingual.
Facebook or Twitter : Facebook
The Game Boy’s inherent portability also lets Keyser create music whenever the inspiration hits him, often during his daily commute on New York’s buses and trains. “It allows you to be creative in many different spaces that you wouldn’t normally be creative in.”
Christ has given us the victory! Let that overshadow the criticism.
The pilot looked around, wild-eyed. His cohorts were long gone down the hallway. He couldn’t think of a way out. “Yes, sir.”
In other news, besides politics, which I am still worked up about,home life has been somewhat uneventful lately. Really, just a buzz of getting lost in a similar routine day to day. Sam and I wake up at 7:30 each morning. He plods into the shower, while I hope he stays there for 2 extra minuets so I can sleep longer. He exits the shower, enter cereal bowl and TV. We're both really slow to wake, so I allow TV in the morning, and no, most of the time I don't cook. I get in the shower after, and always try to find something to wear that I don't have to iron. Sam feeds Pepita, I might load the dishwasher....Before leaving we usually walk across the street to the coffee shop. I've tried to quit drinking coffee several times, but then usually start questioning why I quit in the first place. Sam usually asks for coffee and I hypocritically tell him he can't have any. When he's 18. Coffee is one luxury I'm not planning on giving up. Having said that, if anyone wants to buy me an espresso machine for x-mas, it's on my list.
I was recently on a train, travelling from Gatwick airport to London with my earphones and mp3 player on. Up until then my little device had behaved itself, sending up tunes that were suited to my mood: I'd just said goodbye to my mother, who had stayed with us during the summer. I wanted music that was neither of the weepy type, nor of the uplifting kind. My mp3 had seemed to copy my brain's instructions fairly well; I did not have to press once the 'skip' button as I made my way to the train station.
From the back cover: The Symbols - Five youngsters ranging from 16 to 21 years of age. Respective instruments: Amplified Bass Guitar, Fender Guitar, Electric Guitar, Drums and Hammond Organ.
I am an introvert. Sort of.
Rel set his jaw, met the Wilder's eyes. Even in the darkness, they were a clear, deep blue; not glowing or shining, but rich enough in colour to show despite the flickering yellow of the torches. "I stand by my decisions. If you're going to bring me up on a technicality, then we'll wait for all the technicalities."
Most of the Edina High School English Department was present and cheering when Jackie Roehl, 47, received the honor at a banquet at the Northland Inn in Brooklyn Park.
Predictably the result has caused outraged amongst the ranks of the perpetually offended and the professional surrender monkeys in international politics, the media and at the head of the Christian churches. In the midst of the inevitable cries of “racism”, accusations of intolerance and the usual and, as they always are, unsubstantiated claims about increased attacks on mosques, the occasional notes of calm common sense have provided some relief. One example being the entertaining letter in yesterday's Sydney Morning Herald. After the usual 'shocked' and outraged letters on religious tolerance the reply in the letters page was a very brief one-liner. The writer simply asked whether some spokesperson from the Saudi and Iranian embassies would be so kind as to explain their nation's policy regarding building regulations for synagogues and churches, and detail how they have been implemented over the past two decades and how many have been built.
The prime minister, while speaking at a ceremony in the morning, publicly criticised the Supreme Court judgment and then while addressing the Senate in the evening he hit out at the Pakistan Muslim League-N for demanding his resignation in the aftermath of the conviction.
WWE Diva Layla El, who suffered a knee injury one year ago at the May 1, 2011 Extreme Rules Pay-Per-View, returned last night to a largely lukewarm response from fans who were expecting Kharma and Michelle McCool in that order. To call it a letdown for those fans would be a huge understatement.
-We haven’t practiced this stage of development yet
I've definitely not mastered the whole "eat to live" not "live to eat" thing.
Popular by Gareth Russell was a very fun read. It was hilarious and exciting, which you could probably guess by the blurb, and it is such a girly-girl book, as you can totally tell by by the cover! It really was funny and full of typical high school socialites. It's like gossip girl and mean girls and ... you know, those girls!
When we talked with Sameer he was too reluctant to narrate the incident. The main gate of the house was locked securely and had not been disturbed at all.
Click any for bigger
The craft was roughly spherical with six similar shaped but smaller pods attached on the sides. Two of the six pods were destroyed with another heavily damaged. Somehow, I found myself surprised that the skin of the craft was not smooth and featureless but was made up of hundreds of detailed indentations and protrusions of various shapes. Someone muttered “possible sensor points” as if anyone of us had a real clue about the craft but it was the best explanation for that moment.
So there it is, a little sampling from my "favorited" tab. My budget would perhaps let me get one of these goodies, but how to decide??
The USPTO’s Electronic Trademark Assignment System (ETAS) will be unavailable on Thursday, November 2, 2006, starting at 12:01 AM and ending at 1:00 AM due to server maintenance.
without ever—
The original recipe called for a low fat vanilla yogurt and I'm sure it would have been fine, if I had it, but I only had plain greek yogurt so that was going to have to do. The yogurt change started the usual steam roll effect and I made changes here and there and whipped up my version of this smoothie. After carefully pouring it into a little glass, I brought it downstairs... to Nanny. She was going to be my tester because she knows milkshakes. Now Nanny is a true southern lady and was not going to tell me if she hated it so I decided to go outside and take a few shots of the smoothie and let her taste it in peace. I came back in to this -
Now indoors with all animals fed and watered, hens shut in, curtains drawn, log burning stove glowing I write this and look out of the hall window in front of me to see the most magnificent sunset. The whole sky is pale apricot edged with black clouds. There is such beauty in this wild weather.
Birdseed (That huge bag is only $3.00 at Walmart)
4 cups quick-cooking oats
On the heels of Shannon Rowbury's emergence last year - 4:00.33 and ranked #6 in the world in the 1500 - suddenly we have not one, not two, but FIVE young ladies that can truly compete on the world stage over 800 and 1500 meters!
The girl, in her early twenties, said her car had broken down on a distant road and she had wandered across the fields and stumbled on this dwelling. She seemed greatly down in the dumps.
After living in close proximity to VERY competent people from all walks of life, my goal as an artist is to do everything that I can to make people raise their right hand and swear to never take themselves or anybody else too seriously...and no, I'm NOT kidding.
While viewing the above map, take note that the condensed distribution pattern in the Orange Rivier Valley region surrounding Upington, has the exact same pattern as the one displayed in the first map.
Meanwhile Sarawak Report has pointed out the irony of the BN-government’s attempt to ‘buy supporters’ for the Najib’s “Evening With the PM” event on Monday when barely two weeks ago some 1,000 Malaysians had turned up on their own accord to support the Bersih 3.0 global rally in London calling for a clean and fair elections in Malaysia.
Mike's grandmother passed away this week at 99 years old. Her services are Wednesday, so Mike is flying down here Tuesday, and we plan to drive home together afterwards.
The next one I mention only because my sister loved Puffa Puffa Rice. Sugar rice. Yum.
Over the centuries, some human beings have fortified, bolstered, promoted, and taught the dignity of human beings across the entire planet; while other human beings have misused their egos, their insane egos, to attempt to squash, step on, undermine, eliminate, mask or rob the dignity of all human beings given them by their Creator.
Going down to the second row ... 'Archangel Eyes', 'Velvet Eyes', 'Jamaican Midnight', 'Sweet Summer Heat'.
This weekend was a blur of parties. It started with prom.
Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, “Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?”
If you want another flavor of my boy KW, check out what is one of my FAVORITE songs... but make sure there's no kiddies in the room. It also helps if you're into music festivals like Deer Creek, moe.fest Coachella or Bonaroo. There is BEAUTIFUL harmonies in the one and you will have it stuck in your head. It's vulgar, but hysterical. It really shows his passion for The Dead.
With that in mind, my journals have evolved through blogging. For the better, mostly, because I am bringing more thought into my entries; I used to just dump all of my emotions on the pages of my diaries. How many times can the last thing I write to myself at night be, “I wish I would not wake up in the morning.” (Remember, my blog is about depression). But, I don’t want to write my blogs for sympathy and so I avoid my old way of complaining. I am writing to be understood by another and I am pleasantly surprised that it’s working. (Special thanks to all viewers/followers and commenters). I’ve always had a tendency to over-analyze my life and a nasty habit of editing the shit out of everything; therefore I truly am enjoying the evolution of my journal writing.
I just couldn't resist.
Strange how you get what you want,
Big thanks to them and all who have supported/spread the word so far.
Moreover, Vienna — or Crawford — carefully coordinates her costume changes to augment her surroundings. It's even made a material part of the film, as she's forced to change out of her bright white dress during a night-time flight from the posse, who are more sensibly dressed in their funereal blacks to blend into the darkness. With the change, Vienna opts for dark blue pants to blend into the Hollywood night, and a red blouse that initially seems as ill-advised as the white dress until one sees Vienna positioned amidst the similarly reddish studio rocks of the surrounding countryside. In the wild, she'd stick out absurdly; in the garish studio West where she's most comfortable, she's a chameleon.
I had to share this piece of poetry with you.
to sail these blood red seas and find your coasts.
but you are talking about a girl who is allergic to exercise
I think back to this time last year, a time when I had another countdown ticking away in my head. How significant the month of April has become in my life. Last year, I eagerly awaited the meeting of my birth daughter! It was an event that I had dreamt of and imagined for 17 years leading up to that marvelous day. I remember how nervous I was, yet how blissfully happy and excited. And then finally came the moment that I got to see her, to hug her and release the tears of absolute euphoria that had been building up for so long! What a precious, incredible moment that was; one that I will never ever forget. I love that my dear, sweet husband was right there with me, just as enchanted as I was, as if she were his own birth daughter!
"It's bi-polar, isn't it?"
Regardless if you are often posting on social media sites, texting or sending 100s of emails throughout the day, you are going to have to learn how to relate to people. I often hear business leaders say that it’s easy to find people with the skills to do a job. However, it’s difficult to find people who understand and know how to relate to one another.
And then you visit the website and discover that current submissions are from authors already described as 'legendary' and future submissions are limited to those who have already been published. Yes, the unpublished can submit if they're supported by an agent, but what about those undeservedly in the literary wasteland? It does seem like a wasted opportunity, with the burgeoning homogenisation of the book trade – support for the unsupported should be a priority. Surely these 'legendary' authors could get their newness published anyway? What do you think?
Bob responds:
Sugar Kane
Therasense (now Abbott) obtained a patent from the USPTO after a 13-year prosecution history, where the application was repeatedly rejected over a prior Abbott patent. At one point, Abbott submitted new claims in the application along with a declaration arguing distinctions between the new claims and the features disclosed the prior patent. The tactic worked, and the application was allowed.
Heaven … watches over us
*Grant signing his goodnight songs with me - all out of tune and garbled, just like I sing them!
Meanwhile, three-quarters of children associated the image of fictional characters Brad and Dan from a Fosters advert with alcohol, compared to 42% who recognised Cadbury's drumming gorilla was for a food product.
sandals
I look upon me not as the under,
I will also have some projects to show you (when I finish them!).
I used the Hero Arts and Sizzix Combination stamp set - Bold Pop Designs and the sentiment is also a Hero Arts. It was a free set that I got with my order (CL175).
A heartening touch, she faded from pain.
Marion A. Habig, O.F.M.
"See ya!" she retorts . . it's like a looping tape from Stepford Wives.
Morrison later tells an absurd story about how his "second wife" who died in a wellhead that caught fire after Morrison accidentally ignited it with a cigar, at a time when he was a "rich" oil proctor (he claims he drank away all of his money afterwards). William observes, "You've been unlucky with your wives."
Quiscover Fontaine made the perfect start to his career when landing the valuable Goffs Land Rover Bumper at the 2008 Punchestown Festival. Sent novice hurdling the following season, he won three times over two miles. After winning his first two starts over fences in early 2010, he contested the Grade One Arkle Trophy Chase at the Cheltenham Festival and ran a fair race to finish sixth behind Sizing Europe, plugging on in the closing stages. He failed to build on that promising effort on his next three outings but appeared to appreciate a step up in trip when fourth to fellow John Smith’s Grand National contender Organisedconfusion in the 2011 Irish Grand National. On his three most recent outings, he has run over hurdles, winning at Leopardstown over Christmas and finishing down the field when last seen out in the valuable boylepsports.com Hurdle at Leopardstown on January 28.
I can say the upside of being feverish is the lovely blush to my cheeks. Except when the fever spikes and then I look like a clown who forget to take off her rouge. Everything else is pale and white, and my cheeks have gigantic bright red apples on them. Hence, the need to keep the fever at or below 100. So far, so good, today.
The other astounding aspect of the story is that up till now, I thought the guayabera was only a mythical half dog, half honey badger which roamed the American Southwest and parts of Mexico killing livestock and drawing pentagrams with their blood. Apparently one of the stories I’d seen on the cover of those gossip rags had actually been true and guayaberas really had been caught. The thought that there are enough of these incredibly scarce critters to use to make Obama a shirt tells you how out of touch I am with both political and mythical beast news stories.
Geoffry Smalley installation of Future Flat World at Gescheidle
Many of those who invest in the United States would stop, as many funds mandate investments of AAA risk. Wealth would leak out of the country fast. It will be harder for the United States Government to burrow money. This will cause interest rates to rise.
Named a CCBC Choice for 2001;
Let's try to do that more!
limbs cradling.
On that day...and the many that followed.
04 Don’t Look Down
Anyway, this situation got me thinking about the direction this blog is taking. I said this wouldn't become another recipe blog. Mostly because my cooking is not so great, but also because there are thousands of excellent recipe blogs out there. I don't want to be another one in the bunch.
Rap, it must be said, is a lowbrow art form. Aggressive chanting is what one expects to hear from a mob of garrulous football supporters rather than a performing artist. Women who aspire to excel in such a macho and misogynistic pastime must be suffering from some kind of hormonal imbalance, which might explain why they boast about their sexual abilities. The queen bee has to buzz loudly if she wants to be serviced by an unending procession of drones.
Grate those carrots. To make things faster you could buy pre-grated carrots…
There are a number of mountainous terrain perfect for hiking, several large cities for the south carolina unemployment seneca. If you love the south carolina unemployment seneca is also the south carolina unemployment seneca that you literally can not afford to miss. All the south carolina unemployment seneca are in your favor, if you love animals and exotic plants. You can tour the south carolina unemployment seneca a regular basis. Contacting a South Carolina System.
BLITZER: Want to get right back to the rest of the debate, but first, on a lighter subject, I want to ask each of these gentlemen why they think their wife would make a great first lady.
But was it necessary that it be that way? Just because some people could find, in the context of traditional, institutional local churches, what God must have meant when he called us a “Body”, did that mean it was the only way? The God-ordained way? Did he spell it out, that it had to happen that way? Because if it was, why was I missing it, and why were so many other people missing it, when we wanted to find it so badly?
In our sermonizing
Sgt. John Gerard Coughlin, 43, Pomona, N.Y.
What is amazing is that across the board, Moses, Joshua, Psalms, and Jeremiah and Jesus all have the same or similar ideas about the righteous person and the Word of God.
He’d strayed before, and when she’d threatened to leave, he promised to be faithful. He needed her as a collaborator, a partner, a traveling companion if not as a lover. She couldn’t even remember the last time they had sex.
Bill: "So how'd your mom get the money for this place?"
After the success of Housesfull producer Sajid Nadiadawala again intending to give their audience a Housefull entertainment with Houseful 2. Housefull 2 is the sequel of 2010 Bollywood commercially successful movie Housefull. Akhshay and Asin will be in lead role. Film is also featured with Ritesh Deshmukh, Boman Irani , John Abraham, Jacqueline Fernandez, Zarine Khan, Shazahan Padamsee and Shreyas Talpade, For this sequel Sajid- Wajid have been selected as the music director. Movie will be released on April 5, 2012.
Of course, daddy chose a flowerless bamboo tree.
will is awesome at building lego.
For more tips on setting up a blog (if you’re new to it, or still finding your feet), here’s some tips and advice from a freelance writer – Kana’s Chronicles.
The trend began with director A R Murugadoss who tasted success (and how!) with his remake of Ghajini in Hindi. Now, Kollywood’s directors have latched on to the idea of remaking their own superhits in Hindi and making it big in B-Town. Recently, director Siddique had similar success by remaking his Kaavalan (which was a remake of his Malayalam film Bodyguard) in Hindi with Salman Khan.
2. I’m in the field. I know my medication is important, and I’ve never gone off them or been hospitalized. There are some professionals out there (I know, I’ve had these types of people) who will look at you as your diagnosis and tell you that you are sick, that this is what you should expect out of your life as you listen to a ridiculous diatribe about hospitalizations, going on and off medications, and the bad decisions you will undoubtedly make in your life because you’re just like every other person with X mental illness.
If you had purchased £1,000 of shares in Lehman Brothers one year ago, you would have £0.00 today.
Those looking for a lesson in film speech and memorization won’t have to look much further than Good Will Hunting, which seems to have said aspects ready at every corner. Sure, it’s not exactly plausible, but the actors do about as good a job as possible making everything feel down-to-earth all the while.
Maybe I’ve seen too many TV dramas, but aren’t withdrawal syndromes characterized by shakes or seizure of some kind? Or is it vomiting and frothing at the mouth? I’ll count shivering through winter as shakes, if you don’t mind. My Gardening Withdrawal Syndrome symptoms are not as useful, productive, or as thrifty as Jane’s. Yes, I know, another big surprise for the readership. I’ll rank them, as I seem to be on a list fetish lately.
the palace on the hill…
But if ever there was a time when I did not feel like smiling, it is now. I don’t even want to leave my bed.
And we found ourselves
Here you can see some tiny snippets of stills from the first scenes of the animation and stills from Tui's film where layers of inklings of glimpses of my younger days are merged delicately to compliment the music.
With the lantern in hand, Roy was now standing over the two young people. Glancing briefly at Sam, Roy reached for Hannah’s hand and then focused his attention on Hannah’s head, which had obviously taken the brunt of the hit as evidenced by a deep gash and wound to her left eye. Roy gently gathered Hannah in his arms and spoke to his brother, Leroy, standing beside him.
And today, I give you…. Yes! Yes! More Writing Room Revelations! This week some more very special children’s and YA authors reveal just how much coffee or tea they need in order to write…
Oh such joy! We are going to let him settle in before we start crate training; his breeder did not use crates except in the car.
Now that they were behind squad Douglas and comparatively safe, Bogart was able to gain control of his men and settle them down. He had them check their ammo and begin to straighten themselves out.
If you'd like to leave a comment below, do so! I'll pick one next week and send that person a copy of the book just for fun.
Blessings & Inky Hugs!
the best shopping partner a girl could have.
I am today going to summit Mt Kilimanjaro in honour of my late Grandpa Jack who passed away from Alzheimer’s Australia NSW. I made a promise soon after my grandpa passed, when I was in Africa, that I would Conquer Kili for him.
You’re going to forget about it in the morning
Global
I left in disgust.
5. Jill is at Zarin Fabric talking about the stress of dressing up for Halloween. She says she gets anxiety for months in advance, and has hired someone to create a costume for her, and for Ginger. I don't know how she lives with the pressure.
You're a doctor, not a financial adviser. I expect you to be very good at fixing people when they are broken. If, however, I'm looking to invest some cash for my old age, you're the very last person I'd consider consulting ... because you're a doctor. In fact, having read your words above, I don't even believe I'd be comfortable seeking your medical advice either, po-faced loon that you are.
Now I have to stress this point: None of these positions will be paid, for now at least. Maybe in the future if we start making money off the site we will be able to look into this, but for now this is solely for the experience and your own enjoyment.
What are the classic items that you can add to your wardrobe that will never go out of style? What are timeless pieces that add style and class after fashion fades? That’s right…it’s time to talk about another essential piece you should add to your wardrobe. The clutch. I just LOVE clutches and can’t get enough of them! What’s that you say? You’re afraid to add a clutch to your wardrobe because you’ll lay it down somewhere and then forget it? Never fear…there are a lot of clutches these days that are made in the wristlet style, so they have a strap to wear around your wrist. Problem solved! Now you have no more excuses.
Anyway, I went to the bus stop and picked up the kids at 3:30 and stayed and chatted with Kari and Julia until around 4, then came back home. The kids were having fun playing with Paul and Carol. They are AWESOME grandparents! We did chores for about an hour, then had dinner at 5pm. We had started a roast and veggies at around 10:30. SUPER yummy :)
Thank you. This update will be about the will to survive when facing the most incredible dangers known to mankind.
With the exception of maybe one or two things on this list, you could probably whip it up with stuff you already have laying around your spice cabinet. If you do need to buy anything, my advice is this: Don't cut corners on your paprika. Maybe it's the Hungarian in me, but the range in quality of the paprika out there is huge. Also, freshness matters a lot, so it's best not to just use that little red and white tin from the back of your pantry that only comes out once a year to garnish deviled eggs. This is the main ingredient of the rub, you don't want to start off on the wrong foot. Check out European specialty stores for the good stuff. I've had some luck at Edelweiss here in Portland. I also added ancho powder to the list, it's another ground dried chili (poblano) that has a flavor distinct from cayenne or paprika blends. It's tasty. I omitted thyme from Hugh's recipe, and doubled the oregano to make up for it. I also made sure to specify Mexican oregano. It tastes a lot different, and I think the difference works a lot better with grilled meats. Anyway, that's that. Just mix it all together real good and store it somewhere cool and dry.
100gms/4ozs butter or margarine
Ghost 1: Oh, did you run into that ghoul with the gimp leg who always talks about his gout problem? That guy’s an ass.
McLENNAN S, CELI LA, ROTH P. The Health and Safety in Employment Act and the influenza vaccination of healthcare workers. N Z Med J 2007; 120: U2442.
Would be the goal of making known the unknown
Oddologist & Author of The Crystal Channelers Book Series
However, unless there are enforcement issues that arise during the first 5 years of the life of a trademark registration, communication between the business professionals and their trademark attorneys may be relatively quiet. When the opportunity to file the Section 8 affidavit comes due, the trademark practitioner is likely to prepare a form from the PTO website, which must be signed and submitted with a specimen.
for the fall and winter months bringing an even cozier feel to the room.
If lightning makes thunder I wonder why.
Cameron includes interesting historical personalities. It is the birth of motion pictures, and we are introduced to Edwin S. Porter, a famous movie maker of the time. We also meet Florenz Ziegfeld, who is just introducing his Ziegfeld Follies.
-an assload of water
(Definitely use a food mixer for this if you can – it takes a lot of elbow-grease otherwise – and keep the faith that it will come together to form a dough, do not add liquid.. I was doubtful – forgive me Nigella – but turned my back for a moment and it was done!)
4. How do you create your scents?
On a different road to Anchorage today, lots of wildlife showed themselves. Out in the lowlands at the mouths of the Knik and Matanuska rivers two moose browsed through the low brush. Both looked blond compared with the dark hair they usually sport. Maybe it was the light, but the color at first looked more like a grizzly they might call silvertip rather than a moose no one has ever called silvertip. A little farther along a third moose lay by the side of the road, the victim of traffic, at 65 mph looking more like it was scavenged than butchered, which makes for waste in a couple of ways.
Okay, I better get back to inking those TGF designs if I want to be done with this month's batch of stamps by the end of the week...
(A sidetrack question: If you see 90% of what you in is not what you believe it should be, do you fight against it or just give up?)
Even though the memories of those first two weeks of my babies’ lives wear the haze of drunk sleeplessness and strobing toys, I will never forget the feel of their little bodies pressing into my soul as I held them. Those moments rearranged my psyche as did the first time I stepped into the desert at night and saw infinity in the stars or when I peeked over the side of the Grand Canyon and cried in the presence of Supreme Artistry. Here’s your postcard from the most magnificent experience of my life. The weather is beautiful, and I’m glad I’m here.
Joanna has designed some of my very favourite stamps, check out her stamp range and some very gorgeous flowers in her store, Inspired By Stamping.
The other thing to say about change – particularly when it comes to changing an existing business is that it is a human process that requires both vision and leadership. I’ve had first hand experience this year of how difficult change can be to effect and how scared individuals can be that it is going to annihilate their jobs. And of course the more scared and negative they are – the more likely that outcome becomes.
Call in: 646-716-6113
Close combat weapons have a range of 2 inches. If at least one figure from the active unit is within that distance from an enemy, they can fight using CC weapons. When a unit attacks with CC weapons, the whole unit fights (not only the ones 2 inches from an enemy). Also, every model from the target unit gets to fight back.
The NYPD on Sunday released video footage to back up its stance. In one of the videos, an official uses a bullhorn to warn the crowd. Marchers can be seen chanting, “Take the bridge”.
Charlie Papazian
They wanted to know what the difference between a "cap" hair net and a "fringe" hair net.
Here I stand, 19 years of effort stripped away.
15. NIGHT MOVES (1975)
Top tip - when using cord or anything similar that is made up of strands, and especially when you are trying to thread it through small holes - use your fingers to spread a little PVA glue over the cord where you are about to cut, give it a minute to dry, and then cut through the middle of the glued area, it stops the strands from unravelling and keeps the end a bit stiffer, making it much easier to thread.
This afternoon my wife and I were busy installing a screen door in the rear of our home. Warm and sunny, an old door laying in the garage needed a new lease on life. And modification.
Consider also that cooperative learning is a style of teaching that ignores an important percentage of the population: children who are introverts and who learn better and more when given the opportunity to work by themselves. “Florida State University psychologist K. Anders Ericsson believes that deliberate practice — training conducted in solitude, with no partner or teammate — is key to achieving transcendent skill… Solitary training allows for a level of intense and personal focus that’s hard to sustain in a group setting. ‘You gain the most on your performance when you work alone,’ says Ericsson.” “Introverts find it easy to spend long periods in solitary work, which turns out to be the best way to come up with a fresh idea or master a skill.” (“The Power of Introverts ” by Bryan Walsh, Time, February 6, 2012.) Students who are introverts suffer as a result of the excessive stimuli generated in a classroom where all you do is group work. (I’m one of them, so I know.)
As a teenager, I had the body that elicited whistles and honks as I walked to the park or the beach. I still didn't feel pretty in the face. In fact, I never felt pretty once puberty hit and my nose, cheeks, and forehead took over my tiny almond eyes. I hated wearing glasses. I just wanted to feel "normal," yet I still looked and behaved more mature than my age. I was 12 and many people thought I was 18. I felt awkward and out of place with other girls. I slouched so I wouldn't feel so tall. I found solace in music and theatre, where everyone was a little awkward, but not in competition with each other- just working together to create art.
Praying together before opening presents
Seeker slo-mo animations VATS death animations
"The world is still big,
I am so inspired by your comments and can't wait for more stamps to come out..
That’s John Alston’s song — and he’s singing it every day for the children of Chester.
Ben Safer Finished 7th in the 3200 meter run
3. You can’t be the tortoise and the hare: I’m a very competitive person (for those of you that know me, I’m sure you are shocked!). This often means I push myself to increase my pace, which has resulted in me getting faster. Unfortunately, training for an ultramarathon is all about endurance, and I need to slow down and last! I’m working on it, but putting the breaks on and enjoying the scenery a bit more is still in order.
The tasting will kickoff around 7PM and run until 9PM.
It is so nice to get an early present.. This week I got 2 in the mail. I was one of the lucky winners of one of YORK MOUNTAIN PRIMITIVES http://yorkmountainprimitives.blogspot.com/
The Devils fought back with three unanswered goals in the second period, but the Bruins tied it back up on Krejci’s second goal of the game. Krejci buried the game-winner in overtime on a rebound to give the Black & Gold the win. Now maybe Krejci can stay out of the funk he’s been in for more than a month with this performance.
your place in the “pecking order”; the dominance hierarchy - How
Pulling down the King James Bible from the easiest to reach shelf, he thought about the Biblical sins of Sodom and Gomorrah, and the wrath of God. He thought about the three other Cities of the Plain that were struck down in His anger, and how they are all but forgotten in the present. The sins of Zeboim, Admah and Zoar must have been impenitent indeed that they are forgotten even as Sodom and Gomorrah are remembered. It was only a natural consequence to think about the hedonistic pleasures of the modern world, and how much more immorality was required to push God into wrath again.
So we drove to Thai House to pick up dinner.
If someone owns a building, why is it not up to them who can stay in there? They own it, not the state. The state really should fuck off.
Here are my blending experiments on glossy. You'll have to dig through my archives for June/July '08 to see the comparison techniques on absorbent cardstock.
The dinner I left her was the Smoked Sausage Macaroni and Cheese. I had also made this for my kids the weekend before when my husband and I went out to dinner. I'll be honest -- it's very very Ranch-y. If you don't like Ranch, you won't like this**. When I made it for Angela (after verifying that she and her husband did indeed like Ranch dressing), I used slightly less than the cup called for, and I increased the milk. I also used half Bacon Ranch and half Hidden Valley Ranch Light. I think that this made it a much better dish because the flavors were more complex.
first on one paper bag. This will be the front.
But Peyton has this crazy dad, who's convinced the government is spying on all of them and the end of the world is coming. Of course, he's right and he 'enhances' Peyton with special vision and razor nails. Then he locks her up with her mother for four years and tells Peyton to come find him at Disneyland when the doors open. Disneyland! Peyton blindly follows his orders, but not before she bumps into Chase, aka the Chris she used to know, and guess what? He follows her to Disneyland...
Here's mine. I'm not going into the "Gingerbread house making business" anytime soon... lol but I had fun making it anyway. I'll make one anytime.. someone else is doing all the baking, making, decorating , set up and clean up ...like Jess and Steph did. lol No sure I'd be ambitious enough to do it all myself.
No I didn’t have a nip and a tuck whilst at the party – my dear friend Zoe – a professional dancer and yoga teacher on my left shared her wisdom. Here it is: CHIN DOWN !! Genius – those dancers know how to make their bodies look good right? Kathy on my left is also a dancer and Martina, in her 70′s vintage glory on the right is just a beautiful tiny person. Why are all my friend so small?
The Independent is rather enjoying itself retailing the latest gaffe from the gaff-prone Boris Johnson. Describing him as "the good time politician with the amiable air of a man who never cracks under pressure", the paper joyously tells us that the man completely lost it yesterday.
I'll have a whole post about the houses tomorrow.
-traced, cut out (with Dan’s help), and painted the letter H above the TV
Only then does it hit me.
Stone IPA - Escondido, CA
I keep coming across this term - I think it refers to a way of leaving things around in an attempt to inspire children to get involved with particular activities (please correct me if I'm wrong!). It works quite well for us because I feel I'm not neglecting anyone, they know I'm interested in what they're doing and keen for them to join in but there isn't any pressure. I have a tendency to over-involve myself in things, sometimes being controlling. This technique reminds me to hold back, to watch what happens, and to interfere as little as possible.
It turns out a local triathlon training club was using this race as part of their training and I was following one of their girls for a lot of the way. She was pretty quick, but I stuck nearby as she was running at a pace that kept me pushing myself for more. The route was fairly flat only two rises over the whole course as we crossed the bridge each way. By the time we had run down to the point and back I was one the girl’s heels and closing the gap.
First, in John’s Gospel, Jesus uses the title “woman” to politely address other women with whom he has a positive relationship. This is seen, for example, when Jesus tenderly appears to Mary Magdalene on Easter Sunday (Jn. 20:15), when He forgives the sins of the woman who committed adultery (Jn. 8:10), and when He draws the Samaritan woman to faith in the Messiah (Jn. 4:21). Given the positive way this address appears in John’s Gospel, Jesus calling Mary “woman” would not indicate a rebuke or lack of affection.
In May, it had forecast growth of 2% per year in both 2011 and 2012.
Unelectable.
She brought me my meals at the appointed hours, looked in now and then to see if all was well and make sure I needed nothing, emptied the stewpan once a day and did out the room once a month. She could not always resist the temptation to speak to me, but on the whole gave me no cause to complain.
Neighbor Kid #2: Me too! It’s up to us kids to spread the word about what’s happening to food!
runners-up and shortlisted poets will be notified by post. All shortlisted poems will appear in number 80 of The Frogmore Papers (September 2012), which will be available at £5.00 from the address below, and on the Frogmore Press website.
I think it’s pretty obvious from the very existence of my blog, that over the past year, I’ve had a growing interest in all things interiors and household stuff, as me and Joe try and make this house a home, but sometimes I really think companies take the royal piss out of people. Either that or some of you have more money than sense, in which case, can I borrow a tenner please?
James Gurney
The trouble is, very few of Symon's recipes are appropriate for a Cooking Light Group. I finally found one for Aubergine Caviar on the Food Network website. It doesn't seem like the food he's known for, but it fit the bill for the dinner. Plus, it incorporates a lot of the veggies that are in season now -- eggplant, tomatoes and peppers.
One last thing!!! If you haven’t participated in the poll to determine what my 20th Dinner is Served! meal will be, click here to cast your vote and decide my fate. I will prepare the chosen meal next weekend. Cheers!
Yet, what is more painless than death? Will anyone suffer it and come back to tell us of its horrid torment? Will any of us truly be there to die? Or will our faculties breathe last a moment before death comes certifiably? Death is unknowable, he will never have a face.
Time to get some more work done…..have a good Thursday !
While clearing out the craft cupboard I came across an art journal I’d started over a year ago – with only one page done, but a great page I really don’t remember creating! So, I’m trying to push myself towards doing more along those lines…but I am still caught up in the Postcrossing net. I haven’t written anything in months! But, I can feel the tingles and know that something is going to carry me off soon…oh, I am such an art-tart.
Best Actress
Tokyo Magniute 8.0 is just an 11-episode anime about 2 siblings and a single mother trying to survive through a disastrous magnitude 8.0 earthquake centered on Tokyo. This is actually based on a theory that there is a 70% chance that an at least 7.0 quake could hit Tokyo in the next two years. Do take note that this anime was written before the great Tohoku Quake earlier this year.
My daughter came home from school yesterday telling her father that her car acted like it was overheating. So this morning he put some antifreeze in it and took it for a spin to see if the problem was taken care of. He hit an unseen patch of ice and totaled her car. He is O.K., but the car was not. My husband was so broken hearted to have to tell his daughter what he had done to her car.
Lately I do things that make me feel stupid, lost, out of control. I become abject, a fool. I fall for the wrong people. Like an idiot. I begin rehearsals for a show, sword-fighting workshops. I haven't done this since college, since Fencing I, my P.E. requirement. I'm back there again, with a sword, parrying, squatting. My mind can't tell my body what to do--there isn't a link. I've lost the link. The captain tells me not to worry. He is patient and kind. I want to be more like the girl playing my daughter, her enthusiasm, her lack of self-consciousness.
Almost there, just need to get brave with some fabric paint to do the last finishing touches!
“Thermal coal markets remain weak as a result of the mild winter, coupled with low natural gas prices and reduced demand for electricity related to the economic downturn. We are taking this step to align production with committed sales,” Patriot Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Bennett K. Hatfield said in a statement Friday.
Behind these women was the wooden platform, or anda as it´s know in Spanish, which was carried by 36 men, known as carriers or cucuruchos, from a religious fraternity. On this magnificently ornate platform there was an amazing statue of Magdalena surrounded by flowers and candles. It was astonishing to see the skill, coordination and technique it took to negotiate this platform around sharp turns on narrow little streets. It really was a mesmerizing sight to see.
Black foreigners also targetted – again:
Mexican authorities say that three different groups are currently fighting over Michoacan -- this could mean the state will see a lengthy, destabilizing conflict in which no group is able to vanquish the others. According to the state’s Department of Public Security (SSP, for its initials in Spanish), the three gangs seeking to control the prized Pacific region are the Familia Michoacana, their spin-off the Caballeros Templarios, and the Jalisco Cartel - New Generation (CJNG, for its initials in Spanish). Fighting between these groups was blamed for an outbreak of killings earlier this month, including the discovery of seven bodies, with signs of torture, in Lazaro Cardenas.
I sank into it,
U-KISS member, Dongho has turned himself into an action actor!
News reports
One good turn. . .gets most of the covers.
Brodsky said that, because he lumped the cost of the $3.5 billion #7 line extension into the costs for West Side development, he calculated some $4 billion in public support.
I've created at least 5 different endings in my head (it's probably the swan (aka read it to find out what I'm talkin' bout)).
We were greeted by ur host families, then climbed a hill to the local school for a game of football with the locals (or watching a game of football, which was far less effort especially after spending so many hours on a boat) This was followed by dressing up in traitional outfits (4 skirts which weighed a TON) and watching a dance performance, before being expected to join in. Sadly by this time it was dark, so time to head home for an evening meal – pretty tricky when you don’t have a torch and there are no lights on the island…mistake!! We met out host father Cesar, a farmer and ate with his wife and 6 children in a small room, in fact, the room we were sleeping in was larger than the rest of their house, seems a bit wrong really, but that’s tourism for you! We even had a toilet (no running water though and a bucket or water as a flush but still better than a bush!!) After dinner was a chat in broken spanish but we managed to make ourselves understood!
Hello and welcome to sweetpea's Christmas bloghop. If you've come from the very talented Karina's blog then you're on the right way. If not, start at the beginning at the sweetpea blog and find out how you can win a $20 sweetpea candy. The idea for this hop is to get you superinspired to use your favourite sweetpea stamps for your Christmasprojects. With the right colours, papers and sentiments you can make a card for any occasion no matter what it looks like. I even went all out and used non-Christmas papers. I like living on the wild side :)
Start-up companies in California such as Fitbit, Zeo and Basis provide this new target group with the measuring devices that self-trackers affix to their bodies or strap around their heads, arms, chests or abdomens. The newest of these gadgets are wireless, and offer a glimpse into a future in which even complex medical monitoring equipment will shrink down to miniature format.
As is typically the case, CISPA is about a lot more than cyber security concerns: “Parts of the proposed legislation specifically state that cybersecurity purpose includes protecting against the ‘theft or misappropriation of private or government information’ including ‘intellectual property,’” according to EFF. “Such sweeping language would give companies and the government new powers to monitor and censor communications for copyright infringement. It could also be a powerful weapon to use against whistleblower websites like WikiLeaks.”
For me, this was such an important, and necessary, opening for this magazine as it gets right to the heart of what it means to be a bartender, especially since, i believe, this philosophy has been over-run and dominated by ‘mixologists’ who seem far more concerned with producing the ‘perfect’ martini, or in using their home made and exotic bitters, then they are with providing first class service and the perfect experience for those sitting on the other side of the stick…
Happy Friday! I'll be en-route to Fort Lauderdale tonight to attend the Grand Opening of LaLa Couture's brand-new boutique! If recall a few months back, I was asked by my dear friend and LaLa owner, Molly, to help contribute to the design of her store which opened its doors earlier this year. After a hugely successful first month, LaLa is holding an already-packed to capacity party and runway show featuring yours truly. Stay tuned next week for the recap of the event, pics of the fully finished design, and a sneak peek of her amazing clothes!
There's a very serious comparison made between the Roman Colosseum and The Houston Astrodome....
Children, however, may have the good excuse that they are still learning their languages and that, in time, they’ll get over whatever linguistic glitches they’re stumbling over. What to say, then, of fully grown-up individuals who give similar signs of dwindling language skills? It happened to me, for one. Given the away-from-home-country kind of globe-trotting which characterises my family, both of us parents were naturally unaware of trendy adult-speak in our respective languages too. What we heard and read, back in Sweden and Portugal, on radio, TV, newspapers and all around us, at times struck us more like foreign-speak than native-speak. My case was compounded by being a stay-at-home mum while the children were being born, which meant that my Portuguese ended up fluent in baby-speak only, for a significant number of years. I literally lost the ability to construct complex things like full sentences, for example, or to avoid using jingly language peppered with diminutives and/or augmentatives.
...this has been my number two time-suck, right behind NCIS. I end up watching this on nights NCIS isn't on. On Wednesdays when they are both on, I bounce back and forth between episodes, watching the one that interests me most.
- I'd like to become a better Gal.
Abi
Solar activity is known to influence human consciousness (from the simplest seasonal affective disorder –SAD– to extreme summer joy and productivity) and, this logically extends to the effect photons have on our human DNA.
This week I realized several things, some rather important things.
The Snow Child has a wonderful mythic feel to it as it makes you, the reader, constantly question is this girl in fact the snow child? Or has she merely been imagined by a couple wrought with sadness at the loss of their own. Or she could even be real and belong to some other couple out there in the wilderness. You will doubt yourself over and over again, and this is the beauty and power of the novel. I loved the fact that I could never quite work out what was really going on. But it is Mabel’s unwavering belief in this child that makes you want to believe in her yourself. What it must be like to chance upon a seemingly orphan child, when you so badly want one of your own.
Ruben is a patient practitioner whose poetic tones caress the canvas. Rarely does his guitar shout out what he wants to say. The guitarist evinces traces of Steely Dan-era Larry Carlton, John Abercrombie and other players who made their mark in multiple genres in those years before the guitarist was even born. But he isn’t locked into one setting, or even what could be called his own sound. His signature comes from the way he articulates his ideas, which alternates between the urban after-hours feel of “AQ Giraffe” or the slightly ironic Americana of “Monsieur Slidey.”
Members of the Daughters of the American Revolution, under the guidance of Mrs. John Scott Welborn, were also greatly involved in their own concurrent project to transcribe tombstones and their group cooperated with staff of the Historical Commission to avoid duplication of effort. Copies of the WPA tombstone inscriptions were prepared by the Historical Commission and distributed to the state chapter of the DAR and some county lists were also sent to officers of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Colonists as requested. Typescript copies of the DAR’s tombstone compilations were in turn deposited with the commission; however, the DAR cemeteries were not reflected in the project’s overall survey totals.
The ladies over at Club CK, helped me out when I was having an adhesive emergency. :-) I've seen some of their names pop up in the comments with kind words attached as well.
Summary: Heroes No More
Be skeptical, give it a try. Find an old squeeze bottle and have a go. Let me know what you think. What I have noticed is my hair is growing fast - that could be seasonal. The grey is really shining and sparkly. Now I know most people do not want to draw attention to their grey, but I do not colour my hair anymore so it's out there for all to see.On reading other people's comments, this is a good option for those wanting to preserve their coloured hair as detergents strip colour faster. I can't say one way or the other, that would have to be your test.
Play dates are excellent opportunities for your child to form lasting friendships and to practice his/her social skills. However, play dates can be daunting for children who are nervous, uninterested, or easily upset around their peers.
Please leave a comment by scrolling down and clicking on comments!
Now for the third and most egregious lie:
Many of you may watch Sarah's House on HGTV... I sure do. That Sarah, she can do no wrong. Anyway, you know her trusty, super cute sidekick Tommy? Well, this is in his lovely abode... don't you just LOVE it??? If buffalo check is good enough for Tommy, it's good enough for me!
Masks are most commonly perceived as an object, literal or metaphorical, with the purpose of hiding an entity’s true identity. Yet in Confessions of a Mask, not only are there multiple masks that play a part, but many of these masks also have multiple purposes.
Ok, here’s the thing…maybe some of you remember me, I’ve been here before — I’m an entity from another dimension and I have possessed the body of the owner of this blog in order to speak. Usually she doesn’t know what happened until the article is posted and then she might remember vaguely that she was used for my purposes, but in this case I don’t think she’ll mind.
Be Careful of Investment Companies
We are not white, black or brown; we are the human race!
Sorry about the picture overload post, I usually try to keep them to a minimum but Mitchell and I both had such an amazing day and weekend, I couldn't help share it all! So many people we loved could come to the party, the backyard looked like a dream (I wish it were big enough for the wedding!), and it was so nice seeing my friends for the first time since we have gotten engaged. I can't wait for more wedding fun!
Gen 3 talks about the fall of men to sin, because they submit themselves to Satan. If they summit to Satan, that means Satan ruled over them, and many blessings and inheritances that God put for His people Adam and Eve and their inheritances were lost because they submit to the wrong person Satan rather than God.
A familiar stranger comes into Caz's life and sets to 'rock' her world. She restores rocking horses and he's a rock star, thought dead for three years. Caz plays detective as she tries to find out who killed Ric.
“You automatically jump to the f-word? There are all kinds of names you could call him and you want to shout the f-word into. Into. Whatever space it is, that text messages go to? You could call him, you know.”
Brayden is doing awesome in his big boy bed! :) I asked him where the baby sleeps and he pointed to the crib, and I asked him where he sleeps and he showed me his room. It was too cute. I put the crib bedding in the crib- I couldn't wait- but I am waiting on some other things before I post pictures of her room.
I have two places I go in my mental Safe Place: A mountain near my home as I was a teenager, and a place in Costa Rica (pictured above).
Teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
Assume the best possible intentions. I assume the giver of advice is trying to help me, instead of trying to make me feel bad. Probably offering what worked for her or someone she knew. Even if it seems obvious or it's advice I don't agree with, thinking about this changes my thoughts from annoyed to grateful. I can see that most people mean well.
and I know..
I didn't have to use much for this card so found some paper scraps to use (which is always a good thing). I've been wanting to make a card using the dress form on the forever Young Cart and found a challenge where I could use it, YAH! I also haven't used my Fancy Frames cart that I bought at the first of the summer...just a word of caution...it is HARD to decide which frame to use, they are all just terrific. What I used:
But thanks for playing You Re-elect Your President today. As a parting gift, you’ll receive an IBM Selectric III, two Chevy Volts, and a shout-out in the latest Perez Hilton piece.
So it’s now time to stop the ‘dilly-dallying’ & ‘faffing about’ and get back to business – the business of achieving my goals. And so as of today, I need to:
In the midst of this mighty sea
That I don’t listen to you
hell awaits
The Lucky Limeade cardstock was cut at 5 ½” x 6 ½” and was run through the Big Shot on the Candy Wrapper Die. Four pieces of Spice Cake DSP were cut at 1 ¼” x 2”. These were adhered to all four of the large panels on the candy wrapper. The cardstock was folded on all of the score lines.
( Thank You )
“Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.”
While all the the cast does a great job in this character-driven movie, Walken is especially as the sharp-witted and sharp-tongued, always cold-as-ice-and-scheming mobster; Leary is fabulous as a thug with a soft spot for life's down-and-outs (but who otherwise is a remorseless killer; and Galecki is hilarious as an "audience stand-in character", expressing exactly the sort of fear and confusion . The rapid-fire, funny dialogue and the ever-larger questions of who will win the battle of wills going on between the kidnappers and their victim--not to mention who among the characters is the true criminal and who, if any, will walk away alive at the end--make the film even more engrossing.
Anderson Valley Boont Amber 5
Comments: Should this be served as beverage of choice with a sliced rare leg of lamb with roasted small red skinned potatoes and crisp sautéed thin green beans.
High above the crashing waves of the sea, Rianna stood on the grassy bluff. Her hair flailed in the wind like ebony banners as she scanned the horizon for her father's merchant ship. She saw no scrap of sail, no sign of a wooden hull. The wind caught at her skirt, wrapping it around her brother who stood beside her. He shivered, his dark eyes somber, his body as thin as the reeds that grew by the rivers.
Trifles
as Ottoline Devotees I know You are ALL as interested in ALL THINGS OTT as I am.
So 3-5 means the players have between 3 and 5 blogs connected, so you can leap straight to the category and hit the links from there.
Perhaps the truth lies somewhere in between.
And get ourselves
while on one of her breaks at work.
Release date: October 11, 2011
-3 cups coconut (2 cups for the filling)
The Sevateem had a warrior culture, living in a state of permanent war with their counterparts the Tesh. Men and women were both expected to fight. Crossbows, knives, and poisonous janis thorns were all common weapons. The test of the Horda, a trial by ordeal involving vicious native predators, was also part of their way of life.
long time no talk huh?
Once, all restless souls sought offerings or explanation.
I'm using a photo from my current 'R' pad because the orange cover shows up better, and you can see how the score lines on the cover add flexibility. The dotPad doesn't lie flat with this binding, and if you write or draw in it, using the portrait orientation (you may have trouble writing on the back. I tend to use the portrait (6"h x 8 1/4" w) when drawing or writing on the front and then switch to a landscape orientation ( 8 1/4" h x 6"w) when I'm working on the back. That might be disturbing for some.
April 30, 2011 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., PS 29 Schoolyard, Baltic St between Henry St and Clinton St, Cobble Hill
Our rules were that they had to be at least 10 inches in length and wide enough to fit onto a large spool--about 2 1/2 inches wide. The rest was up to each individual and look at the beautiful Snippet Rolls they each created! I absolutely LOVE each of them!!
However, as a step forward, for the sake of those children who come from homes without books, then the challenge for the schools in England and Wales to come up with polices, the nationwide discussions that would arise on how best to do this, plus the knock-on effect that this would have on teacher training, I feel that this is the best next step to take.
We were diving at a place called "A Frames" because it's an easy entry dive. Its a good all round dive. Lots of sea life to see. Yesterday there were enough common starfish to start a revolution! The whelks were very busy laying eggs in big papery blobs. I made two short dives yesterday and during the first dive I saw a group of about four large common whelks all in a big egg laying frenzy.
I think Harrison Ford watches over me there. While I’m at my best when behind its walls, chaos happens beyond them– things that make you say, “there, but for the grace of Harrison Ford, go I!” This room has sheltered me from two earthquakes. From its window I saw a tree fall atop a car. Just a few yards away passed a possessed dog walking its master. But all the while, I can write well without apprehension.
With life comes experience
Yesterday I had to finish up a handbag. The handles, to be specific. I hate making handles/straps/etc. I don't know why. So, to delay the inevitable, I decided to clean out the microwave. Then I did the dishes, and cleaned the kitchen, and straightened up a bunch of stuff. I wanted something else to procrastinate with, so I decided to make some fudge. The easiest fudge ever, mind you. It's not boardwalk quality by any means, but it's still yummy and quick to whip up if you need some sweets. This is probably the only recipe you will ever see here on this blog, as the culinary arts are lacking in my genetic makeup (which isn't fair because my mother is the most amazing cook ever). This stuff is super easy to make, and you don't really need pictures but I took them anyway, so let's go :)
Brianne
I bought this book six years ago (at the same time I bought and read this one). It finally looks like this home ownership thing might really happen (preapproved!), so I figured I'd better read it now or I'd miss my window of opportunity.
Buy It: You can purchase the Luv It! FunBites for $12.99, the Cube It! FunBites for $12.99 or BOTH for $22.00
I now have a timeline of pics of this Anubis fella from 1983 to 2010 and there is no evidence of it being entirely re carved since then.
P.S. I bought myself an iPad a few weeks ago ( :) Anyone have suggestions or advice how to post a blogpost on it? I'm only finding paid apps for it.
Level 29: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 355%, Number of Attacks: 4, 39% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 29% for 98 seconds. The last attack is critical.
These factors dramatically extend the reach of the Israeli Navy and make it a powerful third branch of Israel’s triad, along with the extended-range Jericho missile and the IAF’s advanced F-15 and F-16 fighter-bombers.
The big jubilee weekend will kick off on June 2nd with the Epsom Derby. The next day will see one of the most interesting celebrations this year: the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant, including 1,000 boats and Her Majesty floating in her very own specially designed Royal Barge. On June 4th the BBC will broadcast a concert from Buckingham Palace. On June 5th there will be a Thanksgiving Service at St. Paul’s, which will be followed by a ride in open carriages (seems no Gold State Coach this year, sadly), receptions, lunch, and a Buckingham balcony appearance. All of this plus beacons, street parties....and loads of fashion for us to gaze at.
extra hour
I've also heard, "don't worry, he'll do it when he's ready". Really? He's done it before and he's almost 5. Now what?
You have to give kudos to Orwell because his vision was right on the mark. First of all, we’re all dependant on computers, and smart phones. Our TV’s aren’t spying on us yet, but it isn’t inconceivable in the near future.
I received two text messages before I arrived back home and we only live three miles away from the bus station, another when she arrived at the theme park and then numerous messages throughout the day telling me which rides she had been on!
Starting from the scout hut in Hayfield, we chose a clockwise route past the Kinder reservoir, up William Clough, then zig-zagged up and down the south western side of Kinder Scout. It was all going well until we spent too much time zagging when we should have been zigging and had to make mad dash back to Hayfield, missing out on a juicy 20 point control and incuring a 15 point penalty for being 9 minutes late.
Centuries ago, Heinrich Kramer was a witch hunter. Now, every All Hallows Eve, he takes physical form to torture innocent women before burning them alive. This year, however, a determined Cat and Bones must risk all to send him back to the other side of eternity–forever. But one wrong step and they’ll be digging their own graves. From JeanieneFrost.com
Pre-boil Volume: 4.5 gallons
It was intended as a wedding gift for Gobodkin's niece Helma Samothracia upon her betrothal to Tros Pyratkin, Admiral of King Caswallon's fleet. Upon Helma's accidental death during an archery competition prior to the wedding ceremony, Gobodkin took to wearing the ring himself and ceased bathing altogether, many say because his grief was so great.
Fuck the economy. Where is the fridge?
Many persons have contributed to these texts. One of the most known scribes was Rambam, Maimonides. Maimonides (1135-1204) or Rabbi Moses ben Maimon, was born in Spain shortly before the Muslim Almohades came to power there. He made major contributions to Jewish life through his code of Jewish law, the reason was to simplify the search and reading of the Talmud text.
There are lots of guidelines - which lots of people treat as immutable laws - like 'show don't tell' and 'don't use 'was'' and so on. There are lots of distractions, like 'use 12 pt Times Roman' (I have never submitted a MS in 12pt Times Roman, and I have never had one rejected because it was in the wrong font). If I tell Adrian how I write, he might think that's my prescription for successful writing. It's not. It's possibly a very bad way to write - for other people. But it works for me. He will have his own way of writing that works for him. So much for the activity of writing - I'm not going to say 'you have to have a detailed plan' or 'never write a detailed plan'. But what I want to get Adrian to do, when I talk to him about his novel, is to understand what he is writing and how it works or could work. So I ask him questions like 'who is the narrator?' It is an omniscient narrator. 'Does this narrator have a character? Is he/she reliable? How do you switch between points of view? What are your main character's flaws? Which of his opinions do you share and which not? How does he change during the course of the book? Why?' And so on.
1 disquieted
The card.........
I'm attending this assembly.
That last bit is probably correct, especially if it refers to some of those who continued to be employed to catalogue Internet resources.
Beam Game
I can half-heartedly agree with this one. Cabin in the Woods could have been scary, but I think Whedon’s “small-screen endeavors” thrived more on suspense and drama than they ever did scares. At best, they made you jump. I saw a few people in the full audience do just that. If anything, I was horrified by the explicit scene involving a certain character’s execution—when comedy and drama play back-to-back, you won’t know appalling until it hits you like a brick. I think Joss Whedon’s point was more to show how desensitized we are to violence through the characters than to spook us through Hollywood moments, and isn’t that a more frightening thought than anything else?
For the last week my son's been asking me why Pluto is not a planet and what it is/how it formed.Okay, this is actually a pretty popular question, and I've given a couple talks about it. It's also a question that that hits home - our astronomy department was founded by Clyde Tombaugh, discoverer of Pluto.
Francois has never known him and do not ever know him.
In a normal year South Africa is a net food exporter, making it 1 of 6 countries in the world capable of exporting food on a regular basis.
Well before I friended anything I needed to remove my entire profile of my abusive 2 1/2 year relationship with my ex Jeff (I hadn't used Myspace in a while). And I added all three boys. At first look, I thought Anthony looked awful, he was NOT at all attractive and I distinctively remember trying to get Amber to switch dates with me (I'm a great blind date right?) She told me to at least give them both a chance and we would go from there.
Properties:..The bark contains alkaloids and panines..the fruit contains, glucose, fructose, malic acid and pectines and vitamin C. treatments:..Recommended for diarrhea, fever, anemia, hangovers..and is effective against malaria, lung infetions..it also reduces blood pressure.
The cutest little Pug was having trouble deciding whether to listen to his pretty leash-holder or come chasing after me. In the end, he made the right choice…it only took a couple of leash tugs to return his attention to the right place.
I kept the gelatin level also less since I to have a smooth and soft texture, it did start to tilt after 5 hours. If you want to it be firm for long time you ahead it bit more gelatin
Leathery vegetables will be pliable and spring back if folded. Corn and peas become like hollow little balls that will actually shatter if struck hard enough!
Could there be more wrong track? nope. uwu
Small Faces/Faces man at the organ and patron saint of "Anorak Thing" Mr. Ian McLagan was interviewed on the whole shebang and you can catch his witticisms on the whole matter here,where he concedes, as do we, that at least they made it in:
For nil in houses that, like Advent calendars,
Val
Tricia Goyer is the author of thirty books including Songbird Under a German Moon, The Swiss Courier, and the mommy memoir, Blue Like Play Dough. She won Historical Novel of the Year in 2005 and 2006 from ACFW, and was honored with the Writer of the Year award from Mt. Hermon Writer's Conference in 2003. Tricia's book Life Interrupted was a finalist for the Gold Medallion in 2005. In addition to her novels, Tricia writes non-fiction books and magazine articles for publications like MomSense and Thriving Family. Tricia is a regular speaker at conventions and conferences, and has been a workshop presenter at the MOPS (Mothers of Preschoolers) International Conventions. She and her family make their home in Little Rock, Arkansas where they are part of the ministry of FamilyLife.
“Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.”-1 Peter 1:3
After we fed ourself with scraps from last night’s stew me and Party Time went out with his air rifle into the back yard to shoot little birds out of Mrs Mulberry’s lovely big Ficus Tree to feed to Boke the Cat. We got three little birds, dead there in the yard, lovely and still and peaceful with clean dark holes
So I haven't been posting these last couple months like I usually do. I think that I have needed to find a little bit of peace on my own before writing about all of this. This entire process has been a rollar coaster of emotions, and I have finally stepped off. It took a long time for me to decide to give up on hope and let go of all I had pictured for my family, but I am to be where I am today. My life has finally hit the calm after the storm, and I have amazing people in my life making me smile and keeping me strong every single day.
That’s right. At the end of March, I passed my one year anniversary with this blog.
Rules(Follow them)
Initiative, a hill…
Hope the above information help. Till next time, have a great weekend!
It may only be a few that will say this: “I challenge you to bring me even your spirit of divisiveness and contempt, if you can bear to approach me with it.” Are you willing to be one with so much faith? Are you willing to be emptied out and filled anew with the Holy Spirit?
It's not like the album's called Dopesmoker, or anything... that implies one would do well to listen to this one NOT chained via headphones to their computer....
Some of what I found from dissecting The Hunger Games is incredibly obvious, some much less so. You don't need to have read The Hunger Games to understand this.
While doing family history research I found this picture posted. I was in shock. Jerusha Bumpus is my 4th great grandmother! She was born in 1746. The bottom of this sampler says: yrs 81 made so it would have been stitched in 1827. I do not know if the person that posted this picture actually has the sampler but if they do what a treasure!
Backs are like that. Sometimes they are a ticking time bomb ready to explode at any time. To describe a back ailment in one word…frustrating!
There will lots of country goodness throughout the market
I tried six or so bows and decided on the recurve you see in the image. I've got alot of practicing to do but I've got a knack for it I think. My goal for the next 3 months is to to be able to put 80-90% of my arrows into a 7" circle from a variety of ranges. Thus far I've been shooting from 13-18 yards but would like to have accuracy up to 30 - 40 yards. I'm initially just working on having good form and building up strength in all the muscles involved. My intent is to shoot 60 arrows a day though I expect it will be a month or so before I can do that everyday. I'll work up to it.
The most important part of wallpapering (I'm sharing this with you because I found out the hard way) is to make sure your wall is a perfect palette (meaning no holes, no bumps, no nails, etc). One of the reasons, I intended to use wallpaper was to hide imperfections in the wall. That didn't happen. Every bump will show through.
- Shodhyatras
Third Quarter: NHL Playoffs Part 2
Of course NAMA didn’t cause the financial crisis and is tasked with addressing an element of the crisis. So that differentiates NAMA from its borrowers. On the other hand, some developers with non-recourse loans or ring-fenced corporate limited liability have the option of telling NAMA to get lost whilst they move onto other projects that might keep them in the lifestyle to which they were at one time accustomed. That’s the uneasy truth.
Which leadeth others right by every road.
Soon there won't be good mangoes OR fresh mint!
It was in those secrets that I found out what had really happened that summer. What I had been too dense to see.
How interesting that merely three days into this experiment, I have come upon an opportunity to apply what I'm learning. We had a minor incident in the neighborhood. You know, the kind that neighborhoods always have. And it's not the first time we've had a problem with this particular family. I feel perfectly justified in my emotions towards them. The little boy was mean. I don't like the parents. I don't like the way they handled things the last time, and I don't like how it's being handled now. Surely, I can puff my chest out in righteous indignation and feel superior. Seriously, I'm that sure I'm right about all this.
In response, Friends of the Earth President Erich Pica made the following statement:
30Push Up + Overhead Kettlebell Swing
Having tallied the votes I can tell you it was tight for first place - but this week we'd like to congratulate....
And God, I know it’s all of this and so much more
So, if there is no motive in her killing, does it mean this is not murder? So, Altantuya must have died of natural death? Natural death caused by “blasted-related injuries”. A new one in medical science. Haha.
I’m using my left hand in this exercise. The drawing style alters quite significantly:
I'm putting away the sweaters today, I have a beach trip planned with K for tomorrow.
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ I was pointing out that lone parents have been stigmatised with such terms.
This past weekend was the holiest of all mid-March holidays, St Patrick’s Day! I rounded up some old friends (as in I’ve known them for a long time [6 years!] not that they are getting up there in age) and celebrated to the fullest. I made these (though due to me basically making up my own recipe for the jello part, they were not sweet enough and we only ate like 3 each. The trash got the rest.) and Suz made green pancakes for breakfast. Then we donned as much green as socially acceptable and headed out to the biggest Irish pub I know in Cologne. However, we were turned away at the door because it was already too full, so we went around the corner to a smaller, though no less crowded, Irish pub. A few hours of drinking Guinness and meeting people from all over the British Isles later, we purchased our final green product: a can of sour cream and onion Pringles.
Check my Delicious account for items tagged “quick.”
Even in person, something shifted with Amanda: my last meeting with her felt more like a chance for her to indoctrinate me with her philosophy on record labels, rather than allowing me to thank her for the music during a difficult time in my life. She was too busy espousing her clever views with the Danger Ensemble to actually pause and truly greet anyone.
Do you see only in color
Hear what two South London punters had to say about the weekend by listening to the free Sonisphere podcast.
It's just one of those days, I guess. Sparkled and sleepy, where somewhere between Zen seeing and skink tails, you dance on the head of a pin. Alone.
It was then that my attention began to be drawn to the activities of a group of people known as 'Combat 18'. I had heard of it previously but nothing had happened to induce me to take any special notice of it. Groups on the fringe of the BNP, sometimes causing it embarrassment by their ill-conceived propaganda and activities, had existed for years and probably always would exist. But evidence began to accumulate that this particular group was severely damaging our party, not only by its public behaviour but by its actions in inciting demoralisation and disloyalty among our members.
Pete Marley said that in picture books, there are no strict rules, but the stories should be memorable, and ideally, there would be iconic characters that appeal to children. The text should also be concise - which is the hardest thing for authors to do. They should be a maximum of 800 words in length, with a lyrical script. Of course, in longer fiction, there should be more elaborate descriptions compared to picture books, where the author has to trust the illustration to do the rest.
Only one of the boys, Caleb, is a Christian, so the boys have some discussions, about horoscopes and the supernatural, ghosts and demons and such. Caleb has a real good testimony though, so his friends ask him questions about God, but realistically don’t make an immediate decision for Christ.
I will be back in full swing tomorrow with a fun and sassy post for you as I have some great things to share...hope to hear from you all soon about your favorite recipes!
Learning to relax into life’s great journey has been to date, the greatest gift.
And speaking of pulling up, this morning, I was taking some pictures of her and she just let go of me and stood up all by herself. Take a look:
Let's start with Alan's
Ok let me repeat that one again. I am a girl. I DO have girly moments. Yes, I love to swear, be loud, be just one of the guys... but I still carry ovaries and I do make them proud. Designing clothes at some point was kind of interesting to me, and the one female designer that I loved was her. And she fits the mold as close as possible: she's brash and got balls. I would just be myself but with a french accent. Oh and I would bang guys instead. Just sayin'.
That black mini looks just like the one she's been missin'
most surprising of all Bernard from the Czech Republic. The shop also stocks a wide range of alcohol free wines (I hope they taste better than the one from Sainsbury's my wife and I tried the other weekend!), plus alcohol free ciders.
Is she Retarded?
April usually keeps her story secret to avoid being mocked... and told to get off the couch. When people learn April is feline, they complain about the hair she sheds on their furniture and clothes. April, of course, is skittish around dogs and thinks they're slobbering beasts.
Part of the Better Book Company’s services is to provide standard copy-editing and they believe that along with the design of an author’s book—they are the most important factors that contribute to the success of self-publishing projects. Their standard copy-editing covers the following areas:
What do you think of my first page?
It is time for RDS to re-think their future. ‘Too many cooks spoil a broth ‘ and too many ex- hockey players/ coaches / brown nosers – spoil a hockey telecast.
gene simmons pumpkin stencil 84
“Recent statements discouraging participation in and support of these auctions are not only inconsistent with the goals of Congress, but also are not helpful to competition necessary for a successful and competitive auction,” said Shapiro in an open letter to his counterpart in broadcasting.
Well there is a lot more to say, and I’m really excited to hear everyone’s thoughts in class on Tuesday but for now bed calls! Stupid Daylight Savings Times has really thrown me for a loop.
Kaia: The youngest of the players, and one of the best ball handlers out there, turning on a dime and raking balls to the point the opposition has no idea where it might be from one instant to the next..
I want to move on now to the trail work, which at most parks just involves landscaping, but at Devil's Lake required some truly impressive stonework.
Focus: Is the Ohrid Framework Agreement alive 11 years after it was signed?
Of all the thunderous ages, you're the heir.
The alternative reality is effectively a reverse reality where multicultural diversity is cool, desirable and benign, whereas nationalism and any opposition to the third world colonisation of the West is evil, malevolent and ugly.
Despite the fact that the movie is just over two hours long, and is a continuation of another two-and-a-half-hour movie, the pace is almost feverish. The pace is understandable because it is the climax of a 7 movie storyline, and have you seen the size of the book?! Nevertheless, I felt like it would have been nice if they had added some of the content that felt rushed or overlooked in Part Two to Part One, and truncated the pointless second act camping reenactment that was so long and drawn out. Or heck, why not make it two and a half hours or even three hours instead of two hours? Nevertheless it was a satisfying culmination to the eight movie saga. If you’ve seen the other movies, no doubt you’ll be itching to see this one as well. And if you enjoyed the other movies, this should prove to be a suitably exciting and emotional conclusion.
Fourth, as might be apparent from the above paragraphs, I really don’t have the expertise or experience needed to accurately answer this question. I feel embarrassed about that given that I’m a supposed expert on art, or at least a person who passes for same every once in a while. So I can see that one of the reasons I find this question “funny” or “niggling” or “annoying” or “amusing/alienating” is that I really have no good way of answering it. Put a piece of art in front of me and I can try to empathize and emote with it and/or its maker (and sure, throw in some judgment or snark as well) to the tune of 300 to 500 words; put a question like this in front of me—something that implies a knowledge of history, of markets, of current events, of recent and faraway auction results—and there’s not a whole lot I can productively say.
“BookForce is a global publishing services company offering a dedicated service to publishers, authors and booksellers. Our expertise encompasses pre-press, printing, distribution, book and cover design, editorial, marketing and sales. Based in London, BookForce shares an electronic warehouse with partners in other key global locations including US, Australia and Europe. Using Print On Demand technology, BookForce virtual distribution provides a profitable and environmentally friendly method of keeping slow selling titles in print. The BookForce solution avoids difficult reprint decisions which often result in expensive storage, handling, shipping charges and pulping of unsold stock.”
1/2 cup stir-fry sauce
In October, Mr. Weathers invited Occupy Wall Street members to use the space. Occupy was never on any lease for the property and apparently no notification of their involvement was given to the building management. Since their arrival in October, Mr Weathers has managed to hold off the eviction three times. OWS members actually appeared with him at one court appearance, apparently identifying themselves as part of his business, Artists Seminar Plus.
Clifford Lyons, Andy Snitzer, Scott Kreitzer, Roger Rosenberg, Dave Glasser-Saxes
I think the field this year has some great teams, ut the real strength lies in the bubble teams. Iona, Ohio, Vermont, and NC State all have great chances to knock a top seed out f the tournament. Can they get all the way to the Final 4 like VCU did last year? I’d love to see that happen.
The long-term consequences of the Chernobyl disaster are still disputed.
It takes practice, people. Lots of practice. I’m not beating myself up over my latest antics. I’m laughing at the whole darn thing. I’m also grateful that I was shown two important aspects of myself that were/are still in need of healing. The anger/resentment thing may or may not be fully gone, but it’s gone enough that I feel good. The deal where I still argue with the angels and create situations for myself where I need to be cracked over the head with a Spiritual 2×4 does happen less often, but as I was shown, it does still happen. That’s okay too. It keeps me humble…and it reminds me of the real Truth, not my low ego’s truth.
-By nature, if these suppositions are true (which seem reasonable that they are based on empirical evidence and common sense), then TV news reports little more than an overview of a small number of stories. Even 24/7 cable news does not spend the in-depth time on most issues, outside of opinion and tabloid shows.
the Abundant Life,” from Thomas S. Monson, president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It’s the best New Year’s thought I’ve got, and so much of it applies to writing (not to mention querying). I especially liked these lines:
On second thought forget it that one turns out kinda cool
Wor Sauce - about 1 T
I did it - I painted my bathroom last week. And though I said I would wait on pictures until I was finished, I love the result so much that I just couldn't help myself. It's a little weird to have done my northern-facing bathroom in sunset colors, but I do love the warmth it gives the room at night. Once afternoon rolls around, the whole room & hallway just glow. And then the lavender is really lovely in the icy morning sun - and helps bring out the green in my eyes. This color just makes me happy.
evening ‘til midnight and had a steady flow of customers until she shut the
She encourages his growth and development. They play games, sing songs, read books, walk, talk, scream, squeal, play follow the babies, use American Sign Language to assist in communication, and much much MUCH more.
The advertising watchdog has hosed down a complaint that the 60-second television commercial, from the Australian arm of US car maker Chrysler, suggests that ”the man has had a sexual encounter with the dog” after receiving complaints that this was what the ad had implied.
Jesus answered them, “Is it not written in your law, ‘I said, “You are gods”’?
and being the gentleman I am, I said "OK."
With the oldest primary classes we talked about myths and legends and I read the much loved story of Greyfriars Bobby.
After looking through many articles for sometime i finally saw one that i could agree with with its headline, ‘Abacha supported ‘Nigeria Prays’-Gowon’.
I loved that it was small and focused -- we didn't visit any of the permanent collection -- so that my easily-overwhelmed brain could stay calm and receptive as we slowly moved from one room to another of the De Young Museum. The time flew, as Lorica elaborated and added to the information posted near the paintings. I am woefully ignorant, and she was the perfect guide for someone like me, who can't chew very big auditory bites.
fruity nose of raspberry and cherry, with wood and caramel notes.
Below is a video from ABC 13 out of Houston, Texas. This is a report regarding a collaborative effort between the TSA and Houston’s Metro Police: the “Bus Safe Operation”. Out of this operation, the TSA and the Metro Police caught the big fish terrorists they were apparently looking for… Some hookers, a couple of drug addicts, some people that didn’t pay whatever tickets they had and subsequently had warrants for their arrests, as well as some people that got driving tickets.
The only real likeness that i could compare it to is wet musty moldy cardboard. No really... I really dont understand how they could let that happen. I mean who thinks, "we have this great tasting beer, but it smells kinda funny... Oh well, let's send it out anyways."?
Club 400000 Articles Ebooks Software Videos PLR Private Label Rights Master Resell Rights
However I’ll just rewrite the list here:
People don’t understand, when you are down and you seek support, people then accuse you of being over dramatic when the next day you are perfectly fine, or even worse, a few hours later.
We loved so much having my parents here. Adalea loved the constant attention. :) Dad introduced the game "peek a boo" and she just loved it. She thought he was pretty funny. When Mom left Adalea had 4 new additions to her shoe collection. Mom crotched Mary Jane's for her in all colors. I dont' think she will be spoiled one bit by her grandparents :)
I've made this set by combining this yarn...
And yes, the image got squeezed a little for the banner. I'm not a fan of how some papers disproportionately squeeze the strip art for publication (ugh!) -- but here the banner format forced the issue. I tried to keep the distortion to a minimum -- and I think the end result looks fine. The background is made up of assorted Sunday strips drawn by me -- color and black scaled way back so as to let the foreground image and copy dominate. If you see me at a comics or collectors' show, I'll have this thing set up behind me -- it's HUGE!
Right, if there are no questions, let's make a start.
The Stonesomething guild leader, Van Cleef, was one of those who were up with the rest on the Keep. Down below they could see him move up, to address the king. He was intercepted by several other of the lords at the party. Words were exchanged, unpleasant ones. Words that caused Van Cleef to storm off to the edge of the Keep, to address the crowd himself.
A Slower Pace
Like Nostradamus, and so many other successful prophets before him, Ring has mastered the art of wrapping his pronouncements in the mistiest and most imprecise language, susceptible to almost any interpretation one wishes to put on them. In his particular case, though, it takes a pseudo-scientific form: plus / minus various arbitrary numbers of days; vague estimates of the type or magnitude of the event to be expected.
I was in Berlin during the week, and as a consequence Fame had had two days off when I saddled her up on Saturday.
2/3 cup strong brewed espresso (I use espresso powder in hot water to match this volume)
Simply because someone states 99.99999999999999…99999% certainty does mean that they have faith or that they do not know. We know so many things about the world around us (however, in the grand scheme of things we hardly know anything, but we still know certain things). We know 2+2=4. We know water boils at 212°F (100°C). We know the Earth is an oblate ellipsoid. We know of over a hundred elements in the Periodic Table, and we know how to make some of them. We know that evolution is real. We know that the Bible and all other holy books from the world’s religions are complete bunk.
stayed frozen in some verbal snapshot trap.
But what we have here is something altogether stranger - a continuity reference to nonexistent continuity. What, exactly, is its purpose? Typically we’ve assumed that continuity references exist as a sort of fan appeasement based on nostalgia. As we talked about last time, though, nostalgia is based on a lie. First of all, the remembered past is never based around the imitation of its own past. Nostalgia, by definition, wants something different than what the past was. Second of all, though, nostalgia is by its nature based on an idealization of the past with at times minimal intersection with the actual material past.
I love this idea, and it may be working. According to stats from the WSJ article, some 2.9% of students who were sophomores in 2002 graduated from high school in three years or less, vs. 1.5% in the 1990s. The availability of online classes is helping this (since that's how many students earn the additional credits -- or through summer school).
we had paid.
i quickly wanted to say a sweet "HI"to you all my dearest...
And, through the trees from that vantage point, you can see the great mountainous queen of northern Washington State, Mt. Baker. Past volcanic eruptions from her have made the Skagit Valley as fertile as it is currently.
* Sift flour and baking powder.
43. Seeing a person’s true form or seeing loved ones with a different face — past life or parallel life. 44. Physically manifesting thoughts and desires more quickly and efficiently.
Considering the considerable carrying costs and no-doubt balloon-like renovation and redecoration expenses, not to mention the real estate fees that could easily run into the hundreds of thousands, it appears to Your Mama that even if Mister Seacrest's Real Estate—unquestionably one of the most successful in Los Angeles—manages to pull in a full price sale he still stands to lose a pretty-pretty penny on the property, a pain and suffering Your Mama imagines just might be at least somewhat mitigated for Mister S. by an annual income that reportedly exceeds $55,000,000.
8)I will immerse myself in the things I love,Art,books,music and gardening.
The property is part of a significant collection of real estate that Ms. Brinkley has assembled in the Hamptons over the years. Property records show that she paid $7.15 million for the house in 2004 through a trust, known as the Sunset trust, and also bought a second house she still owns directly across the street in North Haven in 2007 under the name Sunset Trust #2, for $9.99 million.
The black and white coloring, the plump derriere, and the contemplative way they chew their bamboo: we could go on and on, listing the qualities that make the giant panda so endearing.
Fumbling through the memories
she remembers being at Landstuhl, Germany Hospital visiting and seeing the
I asked my grandparents if they eat salmon. "Sure," they said. "Well," I explained, "Fish oils are a natural anti-inflammatory. Eating more salmon may help reduce the inflammation from the arthritis. In fact, you can even buy fish oil in a pill form like a vitamin."
Added some corner buttons and that completes this card. I think it still looks masculine even with a ruffled ribbon.
I’ll Tell You Mine is a fabulous book – beautifully and sensitively written. Pip Harry is an exciting addition to the very talented stable of Aussie YA authors out there and I’ll definitely be on the lookout for her future releases.
Over the years I continued to try venison in various forms but it wasn't until I was in my early thirties that I really developed a love for it. One of my favorite preparations using venison is chili. I actually think chili tastes better with venison than it does with any other type of meat. I am given a great deal of venison meat each year so I am always trying to come up with different ways to make it so we don't get bored eating the same old thing over and over again. I have hit on a couple really great flavor combinations using venison which I will share with all of you in future posts. For now lets start with a truly delicious recipe for venison chili of course if you are unable to get any venison you may substitute any meat of your choosing.
Yesterday we went to the zoo for a few hours with our friends Lindsay & Chloe - it was awesome!! Unfortunately my camera battery died after this one shot *sigh*. I guess we'll just have to go again soon! You loved the giraffes, the chickens in the kids zoo, we saw a few minutes of the seal show, and then we rode the cable car all the way back up to the entrance - seeing elephants from the window - so cool! You had such a great time you took a 3 hour nap when we got home - unheard of!
But, sometimes you need some deep cleaning with a hint of freshening. GrabGreen is a company I’ve featured before and now I’m talking about their Garbage Disposal Tabs. These tabs look like the ones you’ve seen for your dishwasher or laundry, but are intended to grind up and deodorize that grimed on gunk. With a stream of warm water to begin dissolving the tab and a flip of the switch, the disposal is cleaned and your kitchen sink is left refreshed. The tabs have a nice scent of Tangerine and Lemongrass – it’s subtlely sweet and clean, but it’s not overpowering. And, like all other GrabGreen products, the tabs are completely natural and completely phosphate- and chlorine-free.
FOSTER MOMS (and Dads) are among the most selfless and loving people on this earth ... They sacrifice their hearts everyday to give a child the love of family. They bridge the gap for a time in a child's life when they have NO ONE to look out for them ... They include them in their lives as if they will be there forever (knowing many times that is impossible according to our court systems) ... They pray and dedicate so much of their life to just GIVING IT AWAY to children and many times will never receive anything in return ...
Heritage Square Antique Mall
Besides the 7 million bulbs, in Keukenhof there is a total of 15 km of footpaths and more than 2500 trees of 87 different varieties. Next to the outdoor paths, lakes, bridges and gardens there are four indoor pavilions named after members of the reigning house of the country: the WillemAlexander, the Beatrix, the Juliana and the Oranje Nassau, all displaying exhibitions of different varieties of bulb flowers and spring flowers.
Daddy Does Not Love You: Jinguk's dad has abandoned everything he ever loved in order to be successful. Politician Dad outright asks his son, "Should I give up everything and just be your father?" obviously hoping to hear a "no". That's when Jinguk knows he'll never have a father, because Daddy made his choices long ago.
Have actually been a little more productive than usual the past few days!
That was stupid. No one wants to read about that because it has no context and it doesn't even have any sentence-structure. I will never, ever, EVER intentionally copy someone else's work, but the internet is really big and no matter what precautions I take, chances are good that I will say something at some point that has been said before. That's just how statistics work. I am sorry.
The BNP – Britain’s most democratic party.
By seeking help for her, am I tryingt to cause problems or make the biological parent look bad? No, of course now. What I am trying to do, what some fail to acknowledge that ANY stepparent is trying to do, is I am trying to RAISE my stepdaughter to be a healthy, confident, loving person. That’s it, and that’s more than enough.
Chocolate...the name itself makes my mouth water....well I just had one! :) I love chocolate a lot and keep it in stock at home and munch on it mostly after dinner. My son also loves it a lot, so I cannot say no to him as I like to eat it as much he does. So I decided to keep it healthy and started to prefer and choose dark chocolate. Now I love it more than the regular chocolate, as it has the right amount of sweetness to it, while the regular chocolate makes me think it's too sweet, eventually which is good for me that I think so. :)
Some installments of Slummin’ It take place almost by accident. For example, I might find myself at a rest stop at 3am and have no option but Burger King. Others grow naturally, emerging where late night revelry meets enthusiasm for a greasy burger. This installment I knew had to happen as soon as I saw an advertisement for the sandwich. After all, it’s not every day that one of the major players in fast food tries their hand at guacamole. Going in, I figured I had this sandwich pegged. I was ready to come back here and holler about a crime against avocados, about know-nothing eggheads overstepping their homogenized, corporate world. But honestly, the sandwich could have been a lot worse. The guacamole is loose and smooth, a far cry from the many kinds of guacamole we all know and love, but in the grand scheme of processed avocado product, it was one of the better ones I’ve come across. It had a bright, strong avocado flavor, and while the texture wasn’t ideal it isn’t like I haven’t run across smooth guacamole at plenty of taquerias. The sandwich includes both cheese and mayonnaise, which, given the avocado, really aren’t necessary. That said, they don’t interfere too much, and all you can really taste is the chicken, the avocado, and the bacon.
Moderation and the everlasting Salad
Not since the discovery of the “Piltdown Man” had so many scientists allowed themselves to be taken in by a complete fabrication; one based entirely on falsified computer model data. Worse still, many climbed on board the global warming bandwagon to reap some of the billions in grant money involved.
Maj. Hasan will be a hero to Islamist terrorists abroad and their sympathizers here. While US Muslim organizations decry his acts publicly, Hasan will be praised privately. And he'll have the last laugh.
Stone Brewing Co. Saison Du BUFF - Dogfish Head / Victory / Stone
How have you all been? My Google Reader is overflowing with blog posts to catch up on and I can't wait to indulge.
Running to knock on some wood.
4 tablespoons unsalted butter (room temp)
The house and area is now too dangerous for human habitation (i.e. residential purposes ). All this due to the short sightedness of the government in not insisting the National Highways Authority build storm gutters alongside the highway they have been constructing for seven years (which incidentally also went under water on the 26th Oct). And also the government’s inability to stop individuals or saw-millers etc from building on or blocking natural water flows.
I challenge us all to really look closely at how we lead others and be honest with ourselves as to whether we are really leading or not.
Check out the inspiration photo for this challenge...
Thank you Bill, Victoria & Gwendolyn, for opening doors we could never have opened ourselves. To our parents and Recipients, our readership and our friends, thank you for your understanding and all of your patience. And thank you, as always, to those both inside and outside of this community, for your support and participation in this effort.
Looking down at the canvases spread out on the lawn. As far as I can tell the group of Norwegians are each working on 2 canvases simultaneously; probably will do more as they are very steady. They brought rolls and rolls of various weights of cotton and linen- I think to get the feel of the various materials and to compare primed and unprimed. They party hearty at night but when it's time to get to work they're all business. I'm impressed.
open. He nodded and invited me to take a seat before dashing out through a
take Abby in for some chest congestion she couldn’t get rid of. Aiden was with
They’ll glow with you
That Jesus would dance with me.
Mum, hubby and Dex came to visit just before tea time, and Amber still was crying almost non stop. Nurses had taken her out of my room to try calm her but no way was that happening. In the end my no-nonsense nurse expressed off me and gave it to her with a syringe, then pushed her bed into a corner, wrapped her up tight and said to leave her to cry, which goes against everything I believe in as a mum!!
Apartment #412...
The True Gospel
Sure, we may not have bought our Halloween candy yet, and the high may be 91 today, but guess what.
it's very ironic that for both teams I'm leaving today, every card I've ever made for either team has won at least one contest or challenge. I feel a sadness that a part of my crafting history has ended....... but I do look to the future for the window that will open. :)
Nevertheless, fans can expect the group to debut this summer in the midst of an increasingly competitive K-pop world!
The primer is a small metal cup, with a tiny bit of impact sensitive explosive sandwiched into it in between between a couple pieces of thin metal, shown here:
but it started long before that
He was diagnosed with and inoperable tumor in the region of his heart involving a kidney and liver. Within weeks of diagnosis he ended up in the hospice last May where he has languished since.
As a Catholic, I believe in the inherent dignity of the human person. Furthermore, I take seriously Gareth Moore's insight that, "Christian life is a preparation for the restoration of all things when Christ comes as king." We are called to live our lives here and now as we will live them in God's Kingdom. To my mind, this starts with recognizing our mutual human dignity, treating one another as persons rather than as objects.
But the slow loris, despite (or perhaps because of) its huggable appearance and languid manner is fairly venomous. The venom comes from a gland in their elbow, of all places, and is ejected through the teeth.
zip
the firstborn of all creation,
I am also, of course, still working on creating a mountain of squares for afghans. There are lots of other little projects drifting around in the back of my brain begging to be started, but there's just not enough time to do any of them and no money to get supplies. On the horizon, I'm planning to get some fiber reactive dyes and start dying some of my own tatting threads. But that's probably a long way off. I'm dding my best to keep on top of things, but it looks like I won't be finished with everything I'm already working on until the new year. Sigh, by then I'm sure there will be a new mountain of projects to climb.
fuck you.
I am reminded of Romans 1:20 (CEV)
Each of you has been given special gifts unique to you. No two are the same. It is up to each of you to discover your gifts, to learn to utilize them and most importantly to feel as though you deserve them. If this feeling does not exist within you, then you will not truly realize your most important gift which is the divinity within each and every one of you. This is your birthright. All of you came to this earth at this time to realize these truths and to share your gifts and to assist the Earth and her inhabitants at this time. You eagerly volunteered for this mission. We know that many of you are having difficulty now – we see it, we feel it – even some who seem together and very spiritual or enlightened. It can be difficult to remain centered with the significant bursts of energy and Light that you are experiencing during these times. But, it is even more important that you who are reading this – the awakened ones – try your best to remain centered and be the wayshowers that you came here to be.
but God's love and mercy is forever
I will walk you through the booking and invoicing process step-by-step
suspect but clamped
And believe me: Deadly Premonition is my Game of the Year. Easily. And with all apologies to Danny Weissenberger, who made this call back in July, I'm going to add my voice to his excellent series of articles on the topic. I'll also do my best to keep spoilers to a minimum.
I found the coolest pearls in the Wedding section that I have put around the images. They are self adhesive from His & Hers. I just love that double strip. Large pearls on upper right of album are from my stash.
I live on the Kansas side so we usually get stuff way after Missouri. The announcement of the Sam Adams Deconstructed sample pack has left me in wait. Like a lion on the Serengeti I have been hunting this sampler pack for weeks now. Crouched in the grass and visiting the liquor store every other day, my hunt was finally rewarded. The thrill of the kill (well, the purchase) will be enjoyed this weekend. The sampler will include two of the regular Sam Adams Latitude 48 IPA's. With this they are including 5 single hopped versions of the Latitude. All 5 hops are used in the original Latitude 48 but you will now be able to taste each hop as it would appear in the beer individually. The hops are Hallertau Mittelfrueh from Germany, East Kent Goldings from England, Ahtanum, Simcoe, and Zues. The last three come from Washington's Yakima Valley. I think this is a great idea and will help further the education of beer geeks and casual consumers alike. Even if you don't care for the Latitude 48, I think this would be a good way to experience what unique flavor each hop contributes to the final beer. I've contemplated trying something like this as a homebrewer and the amount of time involved in making 5 separate small batches would be hard to commit to. So for around $14.00 this is a super cheap and quick way to increase your hop knowledge.
Figure 2: Household consumption expenditure is a significantly higher component of UK GDP than in Germany. Source: Eurostat.
Malaysian Bar Council president Lim Chee Wee said that the identification of enforcement officers was crucial for public satisfaction in knowing which agency they would be dealing with.
Added breweries.
Lew Lewis & The Perfect Day
Oral Health was one of the first Canadian B2B publishers to issue a multimedia report. Vesna Moore, circulation director for the Business Information Group, tells us why in the latest addition to our case study series.
“We were moving some items of interest which will be the last saving grace for this town. Even though the last of the inhabitants had left years ago, some returned to pick up the pieces of a past life long gone. We have 450 residents and 300 ex-Free Earth Movement members–all mercenaries now. They agreed to stay behind and defend the city till you two got to the Express Tunnel.” Schuyler revealed quietly. “What we did to cover our tracks is nothing short of suicide. But it’s the best we can do in case things go awry.”
This series of semi-sketches (I like them too much to truly think of them as mere sketches) also gave me a few ideas for some new works as well.
But, before I ate or showered, I did my homework.
I felt how you heart cried
I agree with John Heitman "In a world where there are lots of smoke screens and J. Edgar Hoovers, an individual can really be hurt."
After all, we could have our own reality show on the Lifetime network proving it.
Weight gain/loss: 141.6 now up to 26.1 pounds from my first weigh in.
“I see you at the gym. We never speak. I see you shop and you walk past. And then you bring me along today,” I said.
–fast crafting – if you’re making 100 leather, the speed of each successive leather is faster than the previous.
The bottom line is that no matter how many articles you have published there will always be this special one that makes you feel proud.
1. You need only season your cast iron pans once or twice a year. In between, you can clean them with hot water (boiling, if you’re worried about germs and the like, but let’s be honest – not many of them would survive a rapid frying), or with a paste made of oil and salt if you have a stubborn mess. Then you simply dry it off and pop it back in the cupboard.
3) Step into the awkwardness
The Lost. In life you can have it all together so it seems. One day you’re on top and the next the bottom drops from underneath. A great thing about being lost is that you can be found. Lindsey was lost but found her purpose through programs like the shelter she helps run.
Scatters musk in its train,
K: When you enter a place, you have to think about not only who is firing on you, but on who will be firing on you. That’s the rationale behind the laws of war. In this case, those forces certainly had the potential to hurt the IDF. Gaza is a very small place. This is Hamas. These were the forces that were helping Hamas. And therefore it was clear that tomorrow they would be joining up with the forces trying to hurt the IDF.
People often think of aqua and coral as Florida colors but we're named the Sunshine State and that means YELLOW! My Easter flowers had some life left in them so I picked all the yellow ones left as a start to my tablescape this week. This is the first time I've tried yellow in my Dining Room and I like the way it looks with my "paprika" colored walls and medium toned furniture.
Mr. Danza arrives at Northeast High School in Philadelphia and meets most of the faculty, including his teaching advisor, David Cohn, and ball-busting principal, Linda Carroll, who warns Mr. Danza that if he screws up, he’s out. On the first day of school, he meets his diverse class of students, but soon learns that teaching is harder than he realized when one student questions whether or not Mr. Danza is qualified to be teaching anything. And in an attempt to bond with two of his students on the football team, he becomes an assistant coach. He then realizes he knows far less about coaching football than teaching English and questions whether or not he made a mistake becoming a teacher.
Why is this acceptable advice to those sitting in the pews as this guy rants? Consider any other setting and ponder the possibilities... If a guy at a grocery store or at a ballpark told you your son's limp wrist needed "cracking", you'd probably punch his lights out for getting all up in your business. If someone made comments about your daughter's 'butch' appearance and clothing and advised you to "rein her in" and tell her how to dress in a manner more to his liking, you'd make him wish his mom had had an abortion.
You belong here if … your heart skips a beat every time you see a pink slip in your mailbox, until you remember it’s probably either a textbook or your box partner’s.
Synopsis: Fireman go to fire; no one asks them to save their child.
IT'S ALL IN THE MIND!
The Greek malakoi, literally translated, means “spineless” (some linguistics scholars translate it as “limp”, or “coward”).
The pic is me at 3. I used Accent Essentionals for the circle and the swirls, Hannah Montana for the butterflies and Storybook for the letters. MS border punch, my I Rock, paper is Reccollections and K&Co. Flower was in a grab bag.
I was just thinking, how great would these be to give as a hostess gift or a house warming gift, alongside a couple of reusable shopping bags. A perfect easy, usable gift, the best kind and something I am going to do.
Petition Campaign for the Release of Abdul Nasser Maudany
Yet louder, higher, stronger, bard! yet farther, wider cleave!
Saturday was spent venturing to downtown Milwaukee. We stopped for lunch at Alterra, this really cool coffee shop that I'm basically obsessed with now. It took me forever to decide what I wanted to eat because EVERYTHING sounded delicious. I ended up getting the Roasted Red Pepper and Brie Melt and Iced Tea. Next we met up with our friends to go on a cute (or as cute as we silly geese were able to make it) double date to the Art Museum and Water Street Brewery for dinner. I didn't take a picture of what I got at the restaurant, but it was a delicious warm, vegetarian pasta salad served a top lots of fresh spinach. Just the way I would have made it!
though, but will I be able to explain that to my ob/gyn?
Small-brewery bill is dead for 2009
It’s another recess week for our lazy leaders. Oh, sorry: “Constituent Work Week” is what they’re calling it these days, as if lawmakers were filling potholes and making calls to Social Security rather than raising campaign cash.
I love salad! I mean I could live on it if I had to -- since I like just about every vegetable in the book! Occasionally, I want a salad that is sort of a detox, but one that still tastes awesome. This is the salad! It's loaded with good things like beets, fennel, cabbage, avocado, mixed herb greens, walnuts, and gruyere cheese -- topped with a homemade tangy thyme dressing.
put her on a table with some water
From this day foward, you can never take the blood for granted or become so arrogant with your works. God does not honor your works, He only honors His Son’s blood. You won’t be able to go to Heaven and brag on all the work you did. The only thing you’re going to do is fall on your face anf thank Jesus for His blood which gave you the opportunity to get there in the 1st place. Thank you Lord for your blood!!!
Wed - Principles of Computing - 10.00-12.50 - Chilliwack; Intro to Programming - 2.30-6.10 - Chilliwack
I don't know if I have ever referred to her as "my friend", but my initial thought was
In large mixing bowl, sift together flours, brown sugar, baking soda and salt. Add coconut milk, vinegar, vanilla extract, oil and maple syrup to dry ingredients. Mix well (gluten free batters cannot be “overmixed”). Using a pastry bag to pipe batter inside each cup, fill each donut cavity a little more than 1/2 full.
CC visited this morning; it was a quick visit with her stopping for about 40 minutes. We discussed the issues with the neighbours above – I have not yet responded to their letter, but if they continue to pound around the bedroom floor in the early hours of the morning I will do! We discussed therapy, both the 121’s and the group and came to some laughable conclusions, I like having a CPN / Care Co-ordinator who has a sense of humour! We talked about plans for my future and when I used the term, “If and When,” at the start of a conversation she looked at me inquisitively and said:
Nasri and Silva, so cool in the final third, played up to the conjured images thought up by fans when they first signed for City. Silva’s cool goal. Tekkers, unbelievable.
That little thought that might arise
“Inner City Hoodlum”
I'm not sure if you know this or not, but I am mascara crazy! I am always changing which ones I am using. I combine them, use different formulas with different wands, and other things mascara-obsessed people do.
This video makes me think of my precious sister, Velma, who left us on Sunday to go home to Jesus.
But this is actually a great fit. To beer aficionados, Doom Bar is an acceptable but very ordinary beer. And yet it is massively popular with mainstream drinkers. It looks contemporary on the bar and recruits new people to the ale market. It's taken on by many pubs who are looking to trial cask for the first time. Anyone who met the previous owners will have got the impression that they were aggressively building the brand, attempting to turn it into a national cask ale brand as quickly as possible. It's only been going since 1994 and the original recipe was from a kit, so it's not as if there is any heritage here that's about to be trashed by a big corporate. There's no better brand for MC to acquire - mainstream, modern, little specialness to lose. With glorious hindsight, this is just the logical next step for Doom Bar's evolution.
Even worse would be to think that the simplicity of Africa holds some kind of answers for Western society: remember Mrs. Clinton’s little book, "It Takes A Village"? Trust me on this: there is not one thing that Africa can give the West which hasn’t been tried before and failed, not one thing that isn’t a step backwards, and not one thing which is worse than, or that contradicts, what we have already.
but as I was idly thinking of chorizo
With these cardigans, because they are starting out as too tight and too short sweaters, there are only two to three buttons that clasp the cardigan partially closed. This is how I wear most of my cardigans anyway...so it works!
The mower whirred on.
The rules are easy-
Today with our short sighted self-centeredness, no one is able to see the value of letting a simple Christian banner stay up in a high school! After all, what’s wrong with a Christian banner reminding us to be kind and sensitive to one another? Or to allow a Jewish symbol to be erected without an atheist yelling his fool head off. Will that symbol jump out and kill his attitude? Let’s quit being stupid. Let bygones be bygones for God sake! And let’s live together again as Americans!!
I'm also excited about April being poetry month! And have already included My Juicy Little Universe by Heidi Mordhorst and No Water River by Renee LaTulippe on my blog roll to see what it's all about. I already had subscribed to The Poem Farm by Amy Ludwig VanDerwater and would highly recommend it!I'm excited to continue refining my craft of writing poetry - I know I have a long way to go, but so far it's been fun!
Mmmm. I suspect there is a space for him in a junta somewhere, should he need to retire soon for any reason.
Most guild members are between 20 and 40, and characters at this level should choose a Guild to represent their profession. In return they will obtain a skill that best represents the guilds role, in this case a Novice level in a profession.
This card gives me...feelings. Clearly, it's a photoshopped photo from last year's Spring Training when Travis Snider was rocking a hideous moustache. Back in the Spring of 2011, Travis was the incumbent left fielder for the Blue Jays. There was strong belief that the once Super Prospect would figure it out. He was gonna come into his own & finally develop into the middle of the order bat all Jays fans had long hoped he'd become.
How lucky, I thought, that she has that moment, where she is pretty enough and at least, at this time, has self-awareness of it. I think we probably all start out like that. Pretty enough. And I wonder when it is that we decide that we are no longer pretty enough. Is it school when we learn to compare oursleves to others? Hurtful things said by relatives? That first boy (or girl) who doesn't look our way?
It is the one week of the year when the public comes up to us and just says a simple ' thank you', and that makes the job completely bearable and gives you the strength to carry on.
We had no idea that the next day would be the most amazing part of the entire trip.
Each wing of the Club-winged Manakin has one feather with a series of at least seven ridges along its central vane. Next to the strangely ridged feather is another feather with a stiff, curved tip. When the bird raises its wings over its back, it shakes them back and forth over 100 times a second (hummingbirds typically flap their wings only 50 times a second). Each time it hits a ridge, the tip produces a sound. The tip strikes each ridge twice: once as the feathers collide, and once as they move apart again. This raking movement allows a wing to produce 14 sounds during each shake. By shaking its wings 100 times a second, the Club-winged Manakin can produce up to 1,400 single sounds during that time.
The screaming persists, and Bruce tries not to pay attention. The rounds in the outer chambers are the size of AA batteries, the middle large enough to accept a shotgun shell. Bruce pulls one of these from another pocket, lifts it to his eye, glances left, then sets it into the waiting barrel. Closing the breach with a flick of his wrist the follow through carries the weapon up to firing position, the rest of his body taking position with a smooth practiced motion.
There is a growing expectancy of the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. Most Christians have an anticipation. When will it occur? We do not know. Where will it be? We do know that Jesus Christ gave his marching orders to the twelve disciples and as He spoke a cloud received Him out of their sight and he rose up into heaven. Now that would be something to see, a spectacular sight. But doubtless, their minds were troubled and perplexed. He told them He would go away in John 14:2-4.
So how do publisher brands seek to engender similar relevance? What charm do you pass on to your readers, your representatives, your advocates? While publishers cannot be like magical princes and princesses, they can – nay must – possess personality if, like the British monarchy, they are to survive.
Kai has been mastering dance by started to learn ballet and jazz dance since primary school. He entered SM as a trainee in eight grade and debuted after five years of training.
