It’s a measure of just how crazy things are around here that poor William turned 11 on March 5 and had to wait until tonight to have his party. And just a family party at that (which translates to probably 16 of us).
MAN has the last week been a doozy for me... I've been running around like crazy and sick as a dog and when I finally go to the doctor, they tell me I have the flu! A note to everyone to pay attention to what their body is telling them. On my way home from my second job on Saturday, I started feeling really weird and pulled over (thank God)... a minute later I passed out. It was incredibly scary and made me really look at what was happening and say, "I'm sick, I need to stop."
Ken will have his legacy park on his resume, the Parks Board will have done their civic duty by building a park over the objections of a bunch of "selfish farmers," and the local meth heads and kids will have a place to party that is closer than Deer Creek park.
Like anything else that’s fun, eventually someone takes it too far. People get hurt, scars are left. Someone recommends something that’s just over the top and nobody can unsee the horror.
He does the dishes....
When I was 15, Dad got paroled. I was thrilled! At last he and I would get a place to live and I would be with a parent who understood me. The first thing Dad had to do was get a job, which he did – in Montgomery (those long 60 miles away). Then he got a room, explaining that he would rent a house or apartment when he could afford it. Then demanded his parents get him a car, which they promptly did. We never lived together, but he came home on weekends and since I had my learners permit, we would go out driving. I would drive and he would drink, cautioning me not to let Mama know.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you’ve never danced to a Spice Girls song sober or sang songs like, “I Will Survive” at Karaoke.
With the mixer still on low, pour the liquid ingredients over the mixture and mix for five seconds then add the chocolate chips and mix until the dough almost comes together; it may be sticky.
It will hurt a lot more
It's basically a bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwich dressed up with a fried egg and drippy egg yolk. Delicious! It's an indulgence for a busy night since it comes together quickly, and it's filling without being too heavy. It's comfort food and brain food at the same time. And if you want to dress it up just a little more, or leave off the egg, try topping it with avocado like in the top photo.
Close segment with interview with child safety expert who advises that we shouldn’t really mow the yard when the kids are out there playing.
1) The Blogger manifests exemplary attitude, respecting the nuances that pervades amongst different cultures and beliefs.
At twenty years old, a young Indian aristocrat, lord of all he surveyed, bought himself this. Which looks to me like a single bed, a bed for one only. Where the occupant would listen to music and gaze up at his obediently fanning four nubile western women, paler skinned and differently featured to the women of his home country. Whilst music played.
&nbsp&nbspTrain: Curriehill to Livingston South (45 on the hour)
Volunteers, along with the Radnor Lake Ranger Staff, meet on the fourth Saturday of each month (except December) from 8 a.m. until noon at the Visitor Center off Granny White Pike (click here to sign up and volunteer). Friends of Radnor Lake provides bottled water, insect repellant, gloves, and other supplies so volunteers can show up ready to work. Groups wishing to schedule specific days outside the monthly volunteer day should contact Park Manager Steve Ward at steve.ward@tn.gov or 615-373-3467. For more information, visit www.radnorlake.org.
The cover of the Virago edition of Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont shows Rupert Friend wearing a modish blue muffler, with his head tossed back as he roars with laughter, and Joan Plowright (also mufflered, though hers is pink) in profile, looking robust and contemporary. It’s a still from the 2006 film of the book, and you can’t blame the publishers for using it, but as I read, the image got further and further from the book’s action. Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is Elizabeth Taylor’s foray into Barbara Pym land and there’s very little in the way of full-throated laughter. In fact it’s hard to know how it could have been made into a film without being made either cutesy or sentimental.
This year we are working with People Serving People on a rooftop garden. It is an incredible, first of its kind in the state, rooftop garden that will serve the largest family homeless shelter in Minnesota. I can’t say enough good things about this project. 60% of PSP guests are children and they will be able to see where their food comes from and be exposed to healthy eating habits. There is even a culinary arts program for adults that will be able to utilize the garden for teaching fresh food cooking skills!
Nor are these connections limited to folk-lore and myth. The Danish legend of Amleth is Shakespeare's Hamlet; and King Lear is, in part, a Cinderella story.
1. Create a card using the sketch of the week. You may use any stamp or element you have to create your card, however if you have any A Day For Daisies images, we'd love to see what you can do with them.
The Wiggling commences at The Wiltern on Sunday, July 15th for two shows at
(Do you not agree with that I am saying to you now?~Up)
An I-Phone with service would pretty much do me right. I’m a victim of the times I suppose. If I’m forced to bring two other things…endless supply of sunblock, I’m pretty fair-skinned. Lastly, electricity. Gotta charge the I-Phone.
Then, I saw a picture of a sign that said “You’re not Bored, You’re Boring” and it really made me think. Its not these areas in my life that are making me bored, it’s me! I don’t want to be boring! I needed a major attitude adjustment ASAP and I knew just the person to help me. I dusted off a couple of my Jon Gordon books and began to refresh my memory about having Positive Energy. Then I went to the library and borrowed a couple more of his books and educated myself on how to be the best person I can be.
A day in the life of IDF reservists Finally! A good article on the Gaza fuel crisis PA condemns French killings but honors killer of 37 Israelis Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned 22-Mar-12: Overnight rockets fired into Israel Algerian Muslim terrorist killed in Toulouse (with video of terrorist) Merah is dead “IAF, Intelligence Corps cooperation enables precise strikes” SOVIET RUSSIA, THE CREATORS OF THE PLO AND THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE Fayyad’s rank hypocrisy Explosions, Gunfire as French Police Storm Mohammed Merah in Toulouse – Now Confirmed Dead by JewishNewsOne Algerian Muslim terrorist in Toulouse jumped out the window PA daily: Ramallah governor commemorates terrorist Mughrabi, “the bride of the coast” Fatah’s official Facebook page glorifies terrorist Dalal Mughrabi
For me, 'Time Out Of Mind' is definitely the finest album Dylan has made since 'Blood On The Tracks', and if he hadn't already produced 'Blonde On Blonde' or 'Highway 61 Revisited' it might be the best he's ever done. Then again, maybe it's the best he's ever done anyway... I think this is one album that he really did pull out of the ether. He and Daniel Lanois achieve such a wonderfully rich and echoey sound, and then there is all the other stuff going on in the background too, not least all that haunted-by-the-ghost-of-Buddy Holly business. But in the end and through it all, it's his voice (fuelled by the best set of lyrics that he's written in an age) that does it. He sounds ancient on this, in the same way that Johnny Cash sounded ancient on the American Recordings albums, and he never fails to move me with these songs.
if not really thrive.
Gate love, see love
I have been shocked, speechless, and baffled how any Jew could vote for Barack Hussein Obama knowing his bigotry against Israel, and the way he humiliated Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House.
The other half of the combo was a bit of outerwear made by Levi's that everyone I knew referred to simply as a "jean jacket."* You don't see them too often these days, but for a while it seemed like half the world owned one. It was cheap, durable, and comfy. It came in different colors. It was machine-washable. You could layer other stuff under or over it when it got cold. John Bender wore one, and if that's not an endorsement, I don't know what is.
Bob: What are industrial spaces leasing for in this market?
They were excited, they were big on craft beer, they were articulate: they were perfect. Cathy got releases, Mike and I prepped them for what we were going to do, Dave flipped on the light...and away we went. Great, and then we did another take with a different trajectory, and that was great, too, so much so that as we walked back to the bar from our "Let's go to the fest right now!" walk out of frame, Brian said, "Let's do another take!" It can be fun, for sure!
Labyrinth
All the food was absolutely outstanding and the service did not disappoint. Things to like about this restaurant: it was super-duper clean and the service was very good, the menu did not provide a lot of options but it did allow for customization of your own burger, it is a local restaurant and has partnered with lots of other local food vendors/restaurants, the ingredients are all natural, and if you are a member of Keep It Local OKC you get a discount.
1. Julia, tell us a little bit about St. Sanguinus. Who are the main characters? Where does the plot take them?
Today I was on the bus with Saren coming home from a day at the museums with our sweet friend Megan. I was struggling with a stroller, my bag and a wriggling, over tired toddler. As I sat down and attempted to calm Saren down by distracting him with the cars outside (note to self: dude doesn't care about cars, he sees about twelve million a day), an older woman smiled at me and told me that she missed those days when her children were younger, she missed all the noise and craziness. I instantly got a flash of myself in 20 years looking back at that moment and it made me stop short. I took a snapshot in my head of Saren, who by then was flirting and giggling with a pretty blonde who had sat down next to us. Someday I will be missing this, this chasing of toddlers, the messes, the endless busy happy buzz of Saren running around our home. This blog is so good for me, to think that I can look back at these pictures and stories for the rest of my life is a gift.
This disc was a limited run and of course goes for prices that are more absurd than the music contained here. The recording was made during the now legendary tour with The Shit Creek Boys. This may not be the best place to start for those that are new to the irreverent genius that is Ween, but I can't listen to this album and stay in a bad mood. My absolute favorite track is the album closer "Fluffy". Ween reveal their sentimental side here and turn this silly song into a sprawling dirge of an anthem. It really must be heard, my friends.
So this weeks recipe is my alternative take on a pineapple upside down cake. I love cherries & think they work really well in cakes. I've used my latest find, frozen sweet dark cherries, which I bought from Sainsburys. They are delicious & I've taken to adding them to desserts, yoghurt, as a garnish...anything really.
Some Canadian bureaucrats in Ottawa made this video. I wish I could refute it but I can't. The girl in the video has a very fashionable hat.
Which is sort of ironic, because it's the lowest paying job I've had since college.
A: Each time a student speaks the judge awards the student between 1 and 6 points (the higher the better). So if a student speaks four times in one day with the following scores: 6, 4, 5, 5 (in this example there is only one judge), those four are added (20 in this example) and that is the point total reported for the student (up to five speeches and 24 points per day). Make sure to check the box “Official Scorer”.
Curious?
Don’t be confused on this score for a moment longer.
can’t get rid of all government
Angel Rivera (Reclusiveracer): Travis, you definitely have my sincere gratitude for sharing your work with me, as well as the site. As always thank you.
11. Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
1st Place Top Seller Receives: 4 One-Day Coney Island Pool & Ride Passes
“I will provide for you there.”
And I don't know what I'm diving into
34. Understands what it means to be a man…you do not have to have the best job, but you have to be able to take care of home
Rain, rain go away. Come again another day.
I enjoyed reading this book. Last night I couldn’t sleep so I picked up my copy and started reading. Before I knew it, I was over three-quarters of the way in and by that stage I couldn’t stop before the end. It is a fun read. From the start I enjoyed being privy to Jo’s life as a paparazzo and just what it entailed for her.
Hello there.
Optional step available on request, allowing for assisted entry for the ambulant user.
8. My kids are dirty whether they have Peanut Butter in their hair, play dough under their fingernails or chalk all over their clothes.Generally by around 10:00 am they are already filthy.And unless we are expecting company, getting photographed or going on a lunch date, they will often stay that way until bath time. Like our dirty floors, if I wash them they will just get dirty again in 5 minutes.Guess what? My dirty kids are happy kids:)
* Logistics Manager (possible international travel in the future)
Counting - This center changes monthly to correspond to the season. First the kids lay out the numbers in order from 0-10, then they count the correct number of objects for each. Here, the children are counting fall leaves in baskets.
3 forth
As for the "tang of cordite", the stuff did have a very distinctive aroma of ammonia and potassium when ignited, but the amount ignited in a rifle cartridge is so small that the smell is quite faint (and yes I have fired 90 year old cordite ammunition. You can still buy the stuff that was made for world war one; though it's not particularly reliable, and it's horribly corrosive). It takes the large scale firing of machine guns, or hundreds of rifles, or of an artillery piece (which has the same amount of propellant as hundreds of rifle cartridges), to "taste the tang of cordite in the air".
Generation A. I have been saving it as a kind of ‘treat book’, to be read upon finishing a more challenging, ‘worthy’ book. I thought I’d tear through it greedily…but I was to be disappointed. Set in the near future, where bees are extinct, five seemingly unconnected people around the world are suddenly stung. The blurb promises that ‘their shared experience unites them in ways they could never imagine’. Well, let me warn you right now, it does not. Not in any meaningful way. They remain just a bunch of bland, irritating, superficial cardboard cutouts.
As long as a baby or young child is received for its innate beingness, which is expressed as through unconditional love, support, and care, the “unwanted self” is not formed.
From a withered limb,
There are 54 items listed on Appendix B. Some of them are terrific. I vividly remember, for example, my daughter giggling when we read "Strange Bumps" in Arnold Lobel's Owl at Home.
Remember the little sweet innocent boondoggle bracelet worker girl? Well she helped me again, but even after the 15 minute heart to heart we had earlier when she gave me the computer play by play of her log in issues, she looked at me a little confused and asked, "Have I ever helped you before?" "Um, yeah. You did actually." She then smiled and asked what she could do to help me. She looked up my prescription and said it would be done in about 40 minutes and if that would be okay. I told her I had to get to a meeting in about 20 minutes and if there was any way that it could be filled by then. After asking, her whole expression changed as her smiled disappeared into a cold grimace as she looked at me like I had just told her that I had kidnapped her mother. Even her tone went cold as she muttered; "Take a seat. If they finish early... I'll call your name."
Lutan Fyah - Yu Looking Hot
Interactive Elements – Little bubbles with text surprises pop up as different item son a page are tapped. Sometimes they might be sound effects, a caption for or description of an item (such as an extra tall hat) or they may reveal some amusing thoughts. These elements are not to distracting from the text and in some cases add to the story. When Mr Wolf pretends to be injured, you can read his thoughts about what a great actor he is, reinforcing what is happening in the text and in the illustrations.
Or -- to think about the question in another way -- perhaps Dickens would walk into a bookstore and find that he wouldn’t need to lift a finger. He could pick up one of his books and find that, more than a hundred years after his heyday, he was still in tune with the world.
McCartney
On the last night of the camping weekend there was a big jamboree. It was held near the center of the camping area and our tribe put on a skit that is so traditional when boys camp out in the wild. We had no television or radio, so we had to make our own entertainment. Lord, I would love see that skit on video tape (if it had been invented back then). When it was all over, the counselors told us that the first ones back to our campsites got to light the campfires and start cooking the smores. Smores are those chocolate, graham cracker, marshmallow confections that every camping trip ends with. So we all scattered like rabbits and ran through the night back toward our tents.
Oh and by the way, I have been painting. I just haven't been sharing. For several reasons, the first being laziness. The second reason is photo software issues. The third being, paintings are always works in progress and not quite ready to share.
We have had reams of evidence to show how NCR land has been taken from its owners by a fraudulent land legislation that the Federal Court has condemned, but which Taib and his cronies continue to use to their personal profit and for sale to non-Bumiputera owners.
Immediately after school I had to do was call my mother and tell her I was home. This wasn’t about my personal safety as it is with today’s trends. No, my parents had rules and one rule was, I had to bike directly home from school ... no stops, nor goofing off with classmates or staying after to shoot hoops or to play baseball ... I was on the clock and had to be home by a particular time to phone my mother and check in with her. I was usually reminded to do chores or take something out of the freezer for dinner.
"Born in a duck blind and a frequent companion on duck hunts, variations of Sweet Lucy were generally homemade elixirs of peaches, oranges and apricots with lots of sugar and whiskey."
Why is this? I’m not asking in order to say we ought to come up with criteria for poetry. I’m asking because a sense of the origins of our current anti-normative way of thinking may cast some light on what is actually happening when poetry contests are judged.
The garden calls and I must answer.
Apparently, US academics and lawyers are getting very excited about this, particularly defence lawyers. Vanderbilt University (USA) recently opened a $27 million neuroimaging centre and ‘hopes to enrol students in a programme in the law and neuroscience’.
I love to experience other family's traditions!
I know it’s crazy. But hey, that’s how I roll. So I did the only thing I could do short of cancelling the flight and peeling my husband down off the ceiling: I wrote.
Villains are vindicated as underdogs; everyone loves an underdog.
Don't settle for less babies.
Where is the shepherd leading you?
“Fine,” Doctor Ling said clearly disgusted, “your army’s lines have collapsed again and this hospital will be moving northward in a few days. Seems many of your Working and Underdeveloped citizen classes doing all the fighting just do not care for the idea of dying for the Primes and your Great Leader. By the time we move you will be able to ride in a regular bus, that will allow you to see what many of your fellow Americans think about your great Second Republic and us heathen invaders. By the way, unlike your government there’ll be no charge for the medical treatment you have received or the food we gave you.”
She was one of a kind.
So often Welles became his own worst enemy; no one wanted to work with him because he couldn't stop suggesting things, and then eventually suggesting so many things he tried to take over the picture. He did best when a good director and rest of cast was able to at least hold their own and not let his portly ego capsize the vessel. This might be the reason John Huston didn't cast him as Ahab in MOBY DICK, for example, but gave him one long sermon to cut loose in (as the preacher) then left him on the dock.
I know, I know - my obsession with coconut is bordering on obscene at this point.
I don’t think complete inoculation against the worst parts of childhood is possible or even desirable. These early social games help us to prepare for later in life. I do think, however, that the keystones of love, security, and communication might trump a trip to the shopping mall. Which is good, because I hate shopping.
Crabby.
* Outside Sentiment: Stampendous Cling Rubber
Of course, we quickly reached the point where my entry into the shop was greeted with much grinning and "Wanting pappadum?" But that hasn't detracted by any means from the fun game of feigning surprise at the feringhi who eats pappad.
The bin featured in the article has a more rusted and grungy look to it.
What, then, can we surmise about faith and prayer? Maybe these things…
As much as I love the novel Jane Eyre, I have to admit I am more smitten by the Alice in Wonderland board book. The art is fabulous. If I had a baby, I'd probably buy a second copy of the book just to frame all the pages. I mean, seriously. Look at the Cheshire cat and the caterpillar:
“Can you believe that Melissa is graduating from high school in June? I’m so glad you will be flying to Chicago to be here with us.”
London – Reuters: “South Africa is flawed and set to "blow up" within the next 15 years with more serious consequences than Libya, says Toscafund’s chief economist and partner Savvas Savouri – speaking for one of the UK's most high-profile hedge funds.
His final words ring, one hundred and ten years later, like a thwarted prophecy (emphasis ours):
8) Squalor Victoria (*End of song, sound slightly floating around, due to change of recording spot)
Asahi Black. A somewhat arcane beer that I'd seen a few times when reading old, old beer books with titles like 'The Worlds Greatest Beers' or 'Beer: An Aficionado's Guide' and usually written by Jackson or Protz circa 1990. I don't mind Asahi, as It goes, as long it's it's colder than cold and there's something suitably fiery food-wise that's it's dousing down. But Black? Never had it.
First off, I'd like to say that the American Craft Brewers have caught and maybe even passed their European counterparts. I'd rather have a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale over any German Beer. That being said, the great thing about Germany is that the beer costs the same as water and the average German beer kicks our mass produced stuff by a mile.
In other words, if the SNP win a majority, they aren’t capable of running the City of Glasgow.
1 pieces
On the down side, SOMEONE (yes, I’m talking to YOU, Mokvar) let his desire for perks get the better of his judgment, because somehow he decided it was a good idea to send Refer-a-Friend invitations to…wait for it…Dontrag and Utvoch.
After decades of failed negotiations over a Palestinian state, it is tempting to imagine that the potential vote in the U.N. General Assembly on Palestinian statehood might help finally resolve one of the most vexing problems that the world has inherited from the previous century. And after all, that's just how a Jewish state was born — by a U.N. General Assembly vote in 1947.
"His work is a fascinating documentary of his travels, inspired by the sensory exploration of these places, in the Romantic tradition.
What do I think my current theme song is?
1 1/2 tablespoons coarse salt
I have discovered that being on the edge of the wave of technology is sometimes a challenging place to be. I have spent quite a bit of time thinking about the surfer/wave metaphor… When you are behind the wave, you watch the surfers go and they clearly are enjoying themselves and you can feel the excitement in yourself for them – a vicarious sensation that then might allow you to consider catching the next wave that come along and take a ride. Being too ahead of the wave can be disastrous. The wave can crash over you or on top of you, leaving you ride and a mouth full of salt water. Your left with a lot of paddling and work against the ocean to get back to the spot to try and catch the next wave. An accomplished surfer knows just when to kick off, stand up , and ride that wave as long as they can.
Right before Christmas I became seriously addicted to something that I knew one day might be the death of me....ONLINE SHOPPING. It consumes me in ways I can't explain....I think about it constantly (well, not really but I do think about it alot). Now we're not talking QVC type shopping (although I did buy my first QVC item at Christmas) but just shopping for things like books, movies, shoes, clothes, etc. My main problem? AMAZON. They have everything under the sun and I just can't help myself :) Here's a sneak peek at what's arrived lately:
When kids see the process of recycling, they better understand the concept – taking waste and turning into something new. Watching this video will take recycling from a buzzword to a concept that kids can relate to and understand.
I almost pressed the shiny blue publish button until I remembered one more little gem. Austria 2003! How could I forget!? You’ve probably been screaming at me for not mentioning it thus far. In 2003, comedian Alf Poier entered a song intended as a deliberate send up of the competition, with a ridiculous song that made no sense in any conceivable way. Although sung in German, he put on an accent to thick that many Germans couldn’t even understand what he was singing about. This was a shame, because with lyrics such as “Little hares have short noses/And little cats have soft paws/And Mrs Holle likes the wool/Of the dromedary from Africa”, this song clearly has something to say. I recommend giving the lyrics a read, here, and then enjoying the song itself below. Oh yes, and this finished 6th.
The Dance is where I was mostly also. Probably like half dance and half volleyball. So at the dance we just messed around and hang with our friends. We went all crazy.!! :p Some girls which I can’t type their names because it will make me sick to my stomach, dance DIRTY! LIKE REALLY DIRTY! It wasn’t as bad at this dance, but at some it is like wow! That should be outlawed. They think the guys are gonna be all like “THATS HOT.” To think I was actually friends with them before. I actually really liked one of them. LIKED! As in the past. I guess I still care about them though. WE went through so much. But o’well. It was their decision. WHAT CAN YA DO? nothing.
Yesterday I was supposed to go for a long run – another 6 or 7 miler. But after Thursday’s run my hip was not happy. Let’s see now, feel OK, then run 3 miles and not feel good, then run 6 miles and … I had to take a day off.
14. In Da City - Culcha Candela (Germany) / 3:39
At this point I was ready to throw in the towel. As a final shot, I decided to submit directly to a publisher. My friend Derek had told me about Linen Press Books, a women’s press based in Edinburgh, so I sent off my synopsis and first chapters. To my utter amazement, since I was feeling battered and bowed, they asked for the full and, within a week or so, had read it. They asked me to make some revisions and after seeing the preliminary changes, offered me a contract.
We need His help, and His love.
I enjoy participating in Sally's challenges they are fun and push me to create. The objective of this challenge was to choose one color and create a monochromatic piece using that one color. The color I chose was Red. Why you ask? I do not have the slightest idea why I chose red, except to step away from my normal color choices, this is a challenge you know. Sally encouraged us to use the different shades of our color choice. Think about it if your piece was all of the same shade it would be a little flat and lifeless. I am also glad she gave us a whole month to think of an idea and gather supplies, because although I knew what I wanted to make it took me a little while to find the right components.
Served with: Amarillo Hop encrusted nuts, Cascade Hop infused local honey, pickled chantrelle mushrooms, pearl onions, celery root, spent grain crackers and breads and rhubarb Rodenbach Grand Cru beer jam and New Belgium Eric’s Ale beer jelly
The best time of year to have your house ready for sale would be during the late winter or early spring. A lot of buyers just want a home they can settle into by mid summer, take note of this and plan ahead.
The dresses are categorized into New Arrivals, Casual, Occasion, Traditional, Luxury, Limited Edition, and Nightwear. For many of these categories, I’m not really sure how they are distinguished (it’s not by price). For instance, my two cotton dresses were under “Occasion,” and the polka-dot viscose one was under “Traditional.” To me it would make more sense to combine Casual, Occasion, and Traditional (simply because I don’t see the actual dresses in those categories really falling into any one in particular), and also combine Luxury and Limited Edition. Nightwear and New Arrivals stand on their own of course. I do like the way the site is organized in general, and how you don’t have to go to multiple pages within a “category” but can see all the dresses at once, and I like the other features like the wish list, but it did get confusing sometimes trying to find a dress I saw before when I couldn’t guess which category it belonged in.
But that would only help the rising generation, the new babies of parents who could afford the enormous expense of genetic manipulation. His own beloved daughter still caught colds and flus and once, walking pneumonia.
The weather is lovely, my room is all white, my temperament can be unstable at times so I like to keep things in my home in nice light, calming shades! By sharing that, it leads to this I woke up to the sun shining, the breeze blowing through (my window is always open), it was lovely. The only downer is the fact I am still not feeling well. I can only contribute my upper respiratory dysfunction to Ceramics: I am always in the studio, the dust is finally getting to me. But I love my body, ooh how I love my body, as soon as it felt under attack it begin to fight!
Time Thursday, May 12 · 9:00am - 11:30pm
That was our first official day of garden work for 2010. Since then, we’ve spent two more 3-5 hour work sessions pulling mounds of weeds (we’re talking 2 truck beds full) and cutting back any crunchy, spent perennials that I didn’t get around to cleaning up last fall: some sedum “Autumn Joy” stems, lots of Persicaria microcephala “Red Dragon” (which is lovely, but beware! It grows and spreads vigorously. Not sure if I would plant it if I had it to do again.), a few heuchera leaves, and an assortment of cottage garden flower stems I’d neglected.
Wai-ching Chung, 36, New York, N.Y.
But the nicest thing of all happened at the end. I knew some kids had had a problem with their bus, and would be late (they crept in so quietly I hardly noticed). So after the signing I sat and talked to them for a bit (they all asked mega-intelligent questions). There was one boy at the back who was anxious to know whether I'd got the Fates and the Furies in my books--and whether I'd got in 'the bit about the copper tower.' I recognised a child who knew his stuff on Greek myths--and I can't tell you what a thrill it gave me to know that the tales of long ago which I love so much can still light an answering passionate flame in a twenty-first century child.
Years passed, and both Mirza and Sahibañ advanced into adolescence and to adulthood. They discovered that they liked to be in each other’s company. Actually, Mirza and Sahibañ had fallen head over heals in love with each other — a love that was honest, blind and reckless. Often in the “class”, they would be more absorbed into each other than to paying attention to the maulvi. The maulvi had to resort to the use of chhammak to get their attention.
I was originally drawn to Wilna's Creative Goals layout. I loved the negative shapes that were cut out. But, on my version, I wanted each negative shape to have a different pattern paper behind it. So I lightly traced out some stars and cut them out with an exacto knife. Then, I chose three different papers and secured them with my ATG runner. I originally wanted to go around the shapes with the sewing machine, but the stars were so small and had so many edges that I decided to use a pen instead.
Instead, Yakuza: Dead Souls is a rare pratfall for a proud franchise now straddling the line between excellence and irrelevance.
This Chekov’s Gun (a literary technique whereby an apparently irrelevant element is introduced early in the story whose significance becomes clear later) comes from what that now-departed old friend says in flashback: “You already decided. You put your hands in your pockets, you looked away. And you smiled.”
Following a family from their roots in a gali, or lane, in the great city of Lahore (now in Pakistan) to a new life in the cities of north India over the 1940s and 1950s, Yashpal’s novel takes as its central, world-changing event the partition in 1947 of colonial India into the nation states of India and Pakistan. The bloodbath that resulted from this massive, uncontrolled two-way migration of peoples across the new boundaries of what was formerly undivided Punjab – Hindus streaming east into India from what had now become Pakistan, Muslims west into Pakistan in the fear that they would have no place in a new Indian nation state – took at least a million lives. Partition left a gash on the psyche of the Indian subcontinent that has never quite healed, and that inflames the politics of both countries, as well as Bangladesh, to this day.
Inscrutable behind mirror shades, the art critic drives north along the wide valley of the Rio Grande, following the highway between dry mountain ranges. Signs invite him to play at a casino or buy cheap Indian gas, but he drives on towards distant olive-green mountains, named the Sangre de Cristos for the blood-red colour of the New Mexican sunset.
The Stampede offers a great excuse for any local politician to relax and allow participants just to socialize and eat. Speeches and grandstanding was minimal. Who cared about the political affiliation of the host. Since the breakfasts were free, anyone of any social class could join in –unlike the Grandstand Show. The
Years from now, historians may regard the 2008 election of Barack Obama
Alexis Bardolph never had to worry about the Hell part of High School. She was one of the Queen Bees of Weatherford Preparatory. In line to be Valedictorian, girlfriend of the hottest lacrosse player, and friends with equally beautiful and popular cheerleaders Alexis had it all.
- The challenge of living truthfully.
Week 11 - Feb 3rd - Caitlin - Inspired by your favorite book.
I am still young on the Folk scene, trying to widen my knowledge everyday, but as I am quickly realising, to really become immersed in a genre of music takes much work!
‘What we’re looking into now is whether it could have happened anyway, without our knowledge.’
If looks alone can kill, Ainol’s Novo 7 Aurora is a beautiful killer. With the Novo 7 Aurora, Ainol continues to defy the popular misconception that a great-looking Android tablet has to cost an arm and a leg, producing tablets that cost a fraction of what the competition asks for their devices on the same performance level.
But it was Disraeli who was by far the most eloquent advocate of the virtues of conservatism and it was he who is generally credited with bringing the term into common use as the name of his party. How much of Disraeli's often-expressed sentimental attachment to almost everything traditionally English was propaganda and how much was sincerely felt, we can really only speculate but that his deeds served the preservation of English liberty and civility well there can be no doubt. There were none of the big 19th century upheavals in England that there were in Europe. Calling on the accumulated wisdom of English traditions to both guide and limit reform was certainly a practical, popular and political success.
5. Slapping on the Retin-A with the same clandestine recklessness as Michael Moore hiding in a rented room with a jumbo sized jar of Nutella and a big spoon. And the news is: the stuff WORKS. I mean, the stuff works crazy good. Are you all old and shit? Run out right now and get you a big ol' Costco-sized jug of Roc and start slapping it all over yourself. It actually reverses time. Did you see that Superman movie where he makes the world revolve backward so fast that time itself reverses? Exactly like that. I now look just like my third grade class photograph.
1 kg (2.2 lbs) potatoes peeled and cut into bite-sized chunks
Because it'd be a shame to let the blog slowly 'die', it's for the better to put an end to it now. Of course we'll leave the blog online so you can dig through the archives any time (over 2.800 posts waiting for you!) and there's always the MS forum for those of you who still want to participate, contribute and stay active in the community.
Look at the common denominator. These 3 sweet women have one thing in common. They sit by you. Have you ever examined how your presence may be affecting these gals?”
altrices (n.pl); birds whose young are hatched very immature & have to be fed in nest by parents. Won't be using in a picture book text, though! Don’t think ‘The altrices were being fed worms by the mummy bird’ would pass the editorial red pen.
Between the beeps and buzzes that rush in frequently, you skirt the outer borders of the hustle and bustle- all in the name of having the experience, any experience. And then all at once, while cooling down with a Mountain Dew, dirt clouding below at your feet, you are lost. You came here as a traveller of this land, in all your nomadic glory and now without a street map or road sign in sight, with all the colours of this vibrant city bleeding into one, you are lost in the epitome of that very idea. Your wandering aimlessly has turned you into an aimless wonderer. With no recollection how to get back “to there”. You go with your gut. You follow the general direction of your minds-eye. Your mental cartographer. And head in the direction of your instinctive true north. “Whatever the hell that is”, you wonder. You’re not too perplexed. Still caught up in the momentary lapse of utter trust in the illusion of being so independent that you don’t have to ask for directions. Like all those times you misplaced something, left it behind somewhere, caught up in the moment of “it just happened” and so sure that you would find it again by yourself somehow. And while you run through the mental catalogue of these all too often incindences you find yourself at a cross-roads. Literally. It’s like a painting. A bad one. Everything about the visual impact is cliché in it’s purest form. You’re shaken- gratefully- out of the kitch that’s flirting with your cornea by a sudden hum. It’s duller than it seems. But the murmer’s comfort screams at you.
Tom Petty & The Heartbrakers A face in the crowd US
The fact you made it, us and all,
Missouri Wrestling Revival presents the card of one of the most underrated wrestlers in the Midwest, The Kingpin” Angel.
and the old soaks who
Thank you
Copa, Raya, Paliza by Wau y Los Arrrghs!!
A common misconception is that we can somehow make ourselves good enough to be accepted by God. That is as impossible for the "Ned Flanders" of this world as it is for the "Homer Simpsons."
I love, love, love the process of building. I adore the musty smell of concrete and plaster, the sounds of the building site is sweet music to my ears, I am spellbound by the artisans and I thrive on the scent of progress....by progress I mean watching a building take shape and coming into its own new life. It is not only the architectural style of the farmhouse that appeals to me but also the materials used to create these buildings. French farmhouses are almost contemporary in their simplicity. Usually converted barns or grain sheds, the proportions are generous and the rooms are connected by open corridors. Cornices and skirting boards don't often appear and floor and wall surfaces are never intricate. Stone bars, terracotta tiles and wooden boards or parquetry are the principal choices for flooring. The local terracotta tiles or tomettes are simple hexagonal shapes that lock together - their patina comes from years of waxing and polishing. I suspect that wooden floors were used in homes less humble than the farmhouse, although today wood is often the material used for bedroom floors. Our farmhouse is traditional and that dictated my choices. Limestone floors in the reception room and terracotta tiles everywhere else. I searched and stockpiled for two years to ensure that all our floor surfaces were original. Walls, with their simple plaster finishes, are ideal canvases to hang as much or as little as taste dictates. Shuttered windows with or without curtain treatments provide protection from the harsh climate and the principal decoration for the exterior walls. French farmhouses are of solid construction - very straight forward and uncomplicated. The walls are built of stone, sometimes covered with a render to create a smooth finish and the roof is layered with terracotta tiles, gutters are non-existent. French farmhouses are not fancy; they are solid and strong, built to last - they are the heart of the countryside.
Tomorrow – working at home – yeah!
I was standing in line at Buenos Aires airport when I found myself going I think I’m done with travel for a while. The trip was good. The shoot went well. I was happy to be in Argentina flexing my interlocutor muscles bad beginner’s Spanish. But I did feel it. I was done. I was probably still slightly shaken and stirred from London less than a month before, a trip filled with meetings, interviews and anxiety-creating paperwork and deadlines (the worst part of it was a lot of it was beyond my control). Not to mention freshly harrowed from the stress of cancelled flights while on a break in Las Vegas before that. And a shoot in L.A. before that, which came hot on the heels of returning to Chicago after three weeks back home in Singapore in January. Speaking of which, with so much time spent “not being around”, it still kinda felt to me like it was the beginning part of 2012. Only, it was not. It was the second half of April, almost May. Which is like the middle of the year, the same way Thursday is almost the end of the week. (Yes, half the year gone. Where did it go?) I just wanted to settle into a routine, go for yoga class, go for Spanish class, and have weekends that are just that, weekends. I didn’t feel the call of wanderlust, not even a dull nibble at the back of my mind.
One time “Sherlock” left a cow head on our lawn. Yes..you heard me right a cow head. My husband threw it in the trash. Do you know how many times I was startled by that head when I opened that can?
The thought of myself right now is scary, I don’t know who I am
Parrots and a bowl
What are the terms under which the world can offer peace? The peace that the world gives comes with fear. We must have anxiety, caution, and a bit of trouble in our hearts, because we know that peace in this world is short-lived. It is fragile, and can only last as long as the interests of the powerful are met.
2 learn
The passage of the bill on 21 December 2011 follows years of advocacy from national organisations, with advice and support provided by regional and international organisations, including the APF and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Goose Island Naughty Goose
"But you just write in bed."
This dynamic is best understood in the realm of electoral politics. In a study of something that most people already consider to be obvious, Larry Bartels, a political scientist at Princeton, examined lawmakers’ responsiveness to the interests of various constituents by income, and concluded:
But now he’s even offering free delivery. Good old Johnnie. He’s so thoughtful. I wouldn’t put it past him to drive over to my house himself with a jolly printed wrapover dress, or some wacky two-toned wedge shoes.
The greatest exemplar of literary realism in history, and possibly the greatest novelist in history. His two most titanic works, War and Peace and Anna Karenina, would have been more than sufficient to secure Knut Hamsun an award. If only Tolstoy had been born a little closer to Sweden, the Committee might have overlooked their arguable translation of Nobel’s will. Apparently, the Committee did not consider Tolstoy to be leading the modern literary world in “the ideal direction.”
Tonight I shall go straight upstairs to bed.
He smiled and agreed. I went to open the front door, but my mom, who had asked for my key because she lost her's, forgot to leave the door unlocked.
1 steady
Most importantly, there are the prayers God answered that seemed unanswerable back then. Would I ever feel at home? Would I ever be able to discuss my favorite topics in Russian? Would I ever have friends? God answered my questions and provided for needs I wasn't even aware of.
Malaysians and former Malaysians listen to Lim at the Chinese Association of Victoria on March 25, 2012. — Pictures by K.C. Boey
Rabbi Einat Ramon, Dean of the Conservative Movement's Schechter Rabbinical Seminary in Jerusalem, announced that there will be no change in the admissions policy of the Schechter Rabbinical Seminary in response to a recent decision by the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards (CJLS) of the Rabbinical Assembly in New York that would permit the ordination of practicing gay and lesbian rabbis and pave the way for the sanctification of same-sex commitment ceremonies.
Sometimes: I think I would go to Subway more if they had a drive thru.
Kudos to my daughter's English teacher who aims higher when educating our kids in Israel -- there is so much to learn and appreciate from the USA's democracy, government and legal system. Its a shame that Israelis who aren't in my daughter's "English for English Speakers" class are never formally exposed to such concepts -- Israel has a long way to go before we can match the freedoms and democracy in the US.
4.) (19 April 2006) “All of them took the Fifth. All of them refused to cooperate. All of them refused to give a DNA sample, until the court produced an order compelling them to do so.”
“Don’t you dare take that tone with me, Brother of Mine.” She practically spit the words in his face. Ryan’s eyes widened in surprise. Kira had always been feisty, but he’d never seen her so angry, and certainly not with him. “I don’t know why you’re HERE right now, Ryan, but don’t think that I don’t know WHO you’ve been with tonight. How dare you play the high and mighty with me!”
So, here's to you, Reej. May your retirement be filled with good sleep and dreams of large women.
The annual Undy 500 that sees Kevin in his skivvies, trekking around the y98 lot on a tricycle or whatever whim the rest of the show thinks up, is a highlight on the show, Kevin said. He has also gotten a little star struck by some of the celebrity guests the show has had on over the years.
"The Princess Pupule has plenty papayas
Gingrich may be spooked by the power of the narrative of the 99 percent, and is thus resorting to the tired charge of “class warfare” to deride anyone who points out the extent of income inequality in the U.S.
Anyway, I find this method to be more helpful to me than any other. Your mileage may vary, but it works for me!
The engineer jumped up: Where?
And asked it to read a book in numbers and signs
This really is a great video and is truly worth watching for the 22 minutes that it lasts.
I spent like three weeks on it. A lot of the hard part was mixing the correct paints and then painting multiple layers. I used Bristol board and acrylic paint. I think Acrylic is short for: “Needs multiples layers so it will not appear streaky!” My magenta has like 20 layers and I am not even joking. I made friends with my long lost friend the hair dryer so it proved to be worthwhile again it defiantly helped speed up the drying process.
Perez-Gonzalez was a tenant in a South San Francisco apartment building that the victim's family owned. An acquaintance of Perez-Gonzalez telephoned the woman earlier in the day and posed as a package deliveryman to determine when she was going to be home, police said.
3PM LILI SINGER THE JOYS OF GARDENING WITH NATIVE PLANTS
And, gradually as I was an older kid, a very young teen, we would day after day look in the paper and see the battle lines coming across France, then into Germany and, in the Far East.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Breckenridge Pandora's Bock
Could George Zimmerman be convicted for shooting Trayvon Martin? The following is an objective summary analysis of the facts surrounding the George Zimmerman second-degree murder charge. This initial analysis relies upon information available to the public as of April 16, 2012.
Not to be dissuaded by such things as 'facts', however, Poor No More's makers have seen fit to portray Sweden as one of the places "where people do not have to beg, where housing is affordable and university education is free."
and listen to my lips when the touch
So, I keep going, as I must and most of the time, I really don’t mind. I was born to write and would fight a lion or two in a stadium filled with toga-clad Romans for the right to continue; however, if the gods would be so kind as to send me a sign…a sign would help me keep my chin up, stay focused, and possibly prevent me from drinking in the middle of the day. Possibly. (It is the holiday season, after all).
Currently 14,400 AMISOM troops are deployed in Somalia with the recent arrival of an advance party of 100 troops in Baidoa to be soon joined by a further 2,400. Al-Shabaab is becoming marginalized in Southern Somalia as they have lost ground and the support of the Somali population.
Ms Beal arranged for him to fly first class to Florida in 2007 at a cost of £6,404, while the orders to drink supplier Laithwaites bore specific instructions that they were to be delivered to Ms Beal at the Mayor’s office – and that she would settle the bill.
Now boxes were opened and from it is removed a wooden horse,
-3 cups water or stock (I used some vegetable stock I had in the freezer)
I decided to write about trying to balance my unbalanced life. sound familiar? I am a wife, a mommy of three, a full time assistant branch manager at a bank, and a part time photographer. My dream is to one day be a full time photographer. (I will do it. I know I will!) for now, I try to balance everything and it's so hard sometimes.
"It isn't strange that we die. What is strange is that we ever lived at all."
Your son has just taken a cookie from the jar. You want to teach him that taking things without asking is wrong, so what can you do?
The painter comes next week. Money? Eck. Money is just numbers on a page that always seem to go down, never up.
To judge rightly St. Athanasius’ attitude towards Holy Scripture, we must recall what has been said respecting Meliton. We must readily admit that in these ages a distinction was made between the two classes of books, but it did not deny divine inspiration to the deuterocanonical works. A greater dignity was given by some Fathers to the books that had come down to the Church from the Jews; but these same Fathers testify to the veneration in which the deuterocanonical works were held by the Church, and to the part they played in the life of the faithful. It must also be borne in mind that Athanasius flourished in Alexandria the fertile source of Apocrypha, and in his zeal to repel the inventions of heretics he was most conservative in treating the Canon. His location of Esther among the deuterocanonical books is unique, and was probably caused by the sanguinary character of the book, which also led some Jews to doubt of its divine inspiration.
I stepped out of the shower that day to find Mr. Click-Worthy playing banjo on my sofa, like the hipster gods had just dropped him there (nice touch, T, letting him in while you walked your dog). He took a nip from my Jack Daniel’s before we’d even left for brunch (flag), invited me on tour with his non-existent band (flag), took us to the frat house where he worked (flag) and polished off a bottle of cheap bourbon by mid-afternoon (flag). But he was still charismatic and disarmingly hot, so when he took me on the Ferris wheel at Santa Monica Pier and we kissed overlooking the Pacific, I was pretty giddy.
So the bottom line is that the physical devices are very similar and what you're getting is the company behind the device. And Amazon is obviously the far superior SHOPPING experience. If you got the reader to read...then there isn't much difference to be discussed. I'm used to the Nook, I like the look of it. I think the grey library in the Fire is somber and unpleasant. Wood is usually brown, that would have been better.
“Gary, go tell the sheriff what happened” called out the bartender to the first man walking back into the saloon. The man paused in the doorway. “You ain’t getting a free drink for this. You’re just earning service for the rest of the day,” said the bartender. Gary spit on the floor then turned and left the saloon pushing his way through the rest of the men walking back in.
Okay… his name was… Price. He had told her his name was Willard Price, and although, deep down, part of her suspected that this might not actually be his real name, not least because, when pressed, he had abruptly switched to a series of less likely alternatives, such as Dimples McPhee and Gideon Clarke (or was it Clarke Gideon?) it was enough to be going on with for now. She could always look it up on the internet later. In her experience most blokes were unimaginative fellows (not like us ladies) who tended to use the same pseudonyms over and over again, so she was bound to find him on some social networking site or other eventually.
Shine like gold, buzz like a bee
And right now, in my hoodie, away from the mirror, I feel good. I feel better. I'm calm. I don't have to go out tonight. It'll be okay.
What She Left Behind by Tracy Bilen: Intense. Seriously, this book has such a strong undercurrent of foreboding that it's impossible to put down. Tracy drew me in so fully, I was gripping the book and felt like I was right there, in the midst of everything. I love the characters in this one, the mix of fear and determination, and I think the pieces of everything are given to the reader at the perfect times. Tracy also does an amazing job of adding in a soft romance, without it being the focus or taking away from the big things in any way, yet also being completely satisfying to me as a reader.
food choices
This means that the key is to engage them from the commencement of your conversation. You need to strive to establish a quality first impression, which correlates to a degree of credibility, honesty and transparency. This will help generate a positive way of classifying you as a candidate from the beginning of your discourse with a prospective employer. A candidate can potentially facilitate an optimistic and encouraging mentality in their minds, which should ideally carry over to the actual interview.
Unfulfilled because I spent most of it looking a screen instead of into real peoples eyes.
MEDICAL HISTORY
The reason the job is taking so long is that this is about the only time we get around to it. My kitchen garden was originally 6 beds, each about 35 feet long and 4 feet wide with concrete paths in between. The reason for this was to make it manageable, not to have to walk on the beds because you can reach from both sides to the middle, and not to have to dig or manure areas where you were going to end up walking. It's always worked very well, with the additional bonus that rain doesn't soak into where plants aren't going to grow, and the unexpected benefit that the concrete heats up in the sun and this helps to warm the soil.
Rep. Eric Cantor (R-VA)
Consider the following:
I balance a tightrope every minute of every day and it's become so automatic, I forget I'm even doing it. More importantly I forget it's actually a full time job.
A key adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron has launched an attack on the work-ethic of British managers, accusing them of failing to "go the extra mile" and being too keen to clock off at 5pm.
As I wallowed around in my self- pity, he was lifted onto the table where he "walked" back and forth, proclaiming the good news of Jesus Christ. He said, "Don't give up on God. He hasn't given up on you."
Level 10: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 10%.
Manning improving.
What are your favorite things about spring?
In the meantime law abiding, unarmed, productive white South Africans are slaughtered without the immediate realization that for every white life gratuitously snuffed out hundreds of blacks will ultimately end up starving and dying in the years to follow.
as I clean your stone and decorate
Obama is also suggesting cutting the Social Security taxes in half. Did he forget what he has promised? He wants to SAVE the program. Yep, he forgot.
Heat/make up vegetable stock
At an early age I’d set my sights on becoming a writer and spent the rest of my time at primary school, and a few years of grammar school, thinking that it was a viable possibility. Unfortunately, by the time it came to choosing my GCSEs I had been disillusioned. We were given flowcharts and instruction manuals by our careers teacher. The poorly photocopied literature provided suggested ‘pathways’ to professional careers. Accountant, barrister, doctor… Writer as a profession was glaringly absent. Bollocks.
SEOUL (AFP) – A South Korean actor and singer who rode the wave of Korean pop culture in Asia was found dead at his home in Seoul Wednesday in an apparent suicide, police said.
Article 8: Unlawful acts found out, investigated and prosecuted by copyright administrative management entities, if suspected to constitute a crime under the provisions of the criminal laws of our country, should be transferred by that copyright administrative management entity to the judiciary in accordance with the "Regulations on Administrative Enforcement Bodies' Transfer of Suspected Criminal Cases".
aid worker. He
to trust in ME!
Following a piece of advice of saw online, I got my spoon and scooped out the flesh, like you would with half of an avocado. Dragon fruit skin is tough, leathery, and unedible.
I am LOVING Subway. Although i could eat a whole foot long on my own, and i probably shouldnt be telling you this...
Characters: 2.5
My friend, Brian, took this still from last Saturday’s new episode of the Aquabats Super Show! It’s in its first season on the Hub every week at 8am and 8pm.
Now attach the metal corners. The panel is now ready to be attached to the main card (which should still be glue and ink free).
There is no enrollment fee and they offer a variety of payment plans and financing options to meet almost any budget.
Put a couple of fresh beech leaves into a sterilized screw-top or stoppered bottle, then add the noyau and seal.
Hubby got all dressed up for the occasion -- he had to look like part of the team, didn't he? Since we girls were wearing our glittzy corsages, hubby needed to look the part as well, so I made him a bow tie (thanks for the suggestion, Regina!). Here he is in all his glory. He got more attention at the show than anyone! Everyone loved his tie and commented on it. (Keep this in mind, bow makers!) As we say, "the Craft-Dee BowZ ain't just for card making anymore!"
Before we get to the challenge - here's something really cool....
Oh, how long will you allow the thought
*What if your library is not willing to order the sorts of books you would like your own kids to read? Check around town and see if there are any larger churches with libraries who are willing to allow checkouts to homeschooling families. Also, you can see if your local or state homeschool group has any sort of lending library that they maintain. This might be the best place to get those books about homeschooling that you have wanted to read for a long time.
I hate these lonely Sundays. If I had a companion I wouldn’t be here journalling my angst. I have just checked the Durban Undersea Club Webcam and yes, it’s as I suspected, a really good day for the beach.
“Alright, my keys aren’t in the freezer. I didn’t leave them in my cat’s litter box. I… holy shit, my keys are in the toaster…”
A new analysis of streams in the western United States with long-term monitoring programs has found that despite a general increase in air temperatures over the past several decades, streams are not necessarily warming at the same rate.
When I had my weekend in Buckingham last month, I just had to take photos of the very many interesting bridges that cross the River Great Ouse which meanders through the middle of the town. I trawled through my album of pics and as there were so many lovely bridges, I am going to show you more than one photo this week.
This is beyond "kill, shoot, kill, pew pew blam blam."
Are we not dealing with this because some nutcases are still denying that it happened?
Most Egyptians (57%) are optimistic about the country’s future, and 65% are satisfied with the way things are going, as opposed to 28% who were satisfied in 2010. Only 41% think that it is very likely that the next election will be free and fair. More Egyptians say that better economic conditions (82%) and maintaining law and order (63%) are more important than fair elections (55%).
This is all common sense. Everyone knows that if you want to lose weight, a healthy diet and exercise is required.
+ Find a more 'graduate appropriate' job.
On the trip. a good time was had by all.
And the U.S. State Department's official position on marrying a Jordanian in Jordan? "We can't do anything to help you if things go south. So don't ask."
Tuesday- Candy jars with Hershey kisses with a cute note that said "Teachers can't survive on apples alone- Hugs for the teacher!"
We both got an EVO 4G. Huge display, runs Android, lots of cool features.
On Saturday, July 3rd, I ran a 4 mile race along with quite a few of my fellow running club members. After the race we gorged ourselves on a potluck of bagels and cookies and fruit and homemade blueberry coffee cake. Jason did not come out to the race so at this point the only photo I have is one of me standing next to our running club banner. Which I forgot to upload.
The tears that we cry, drinks our pain
That’s why he wrote in Ephesians 3:2, 3& 5,
Apart from the blusher brush being a tad too big, I can find no fault with these brushes. They are very easy to clean with a quick dry time, they also have rubberised handles to allow for easy gripping. They work tremendously well and I find myself reaching for them more and more.
“I can’t cook risotto tonight! It’s tooooooooooo hot and I am tooooooooo tired! I caaaaaaaaaaaaaaan’t!”
Who is a bully – cross one and you and your family will find out?
Well, you get the idea.
The riches of YOUR love will always be enough.”
Napoleon and his troops, during the Egyptian Campaign and the Allied troops of the North African Campaign during the Second World War were stopped in their tracks by the blinding, dust-filled winds. The electrical disturbances caused by the flying grains of sand even rendered their compasses useless.
GC: You probably learned a lot along your journey, but what stands out more than anything else?
Jonathan Eric Briley, 43, Mount Vernon, N.Y.
16. The Illinois Enema Bandit
Generally speaking, the lodging in italy if the coliseum in italy of your pre-paid Italy SIM card. After the sport in italy, Italy abolished the chalet in italy a fragmented group of city states, and the lodging in italy in the pizza in italy and then by the may in italy are also many castles, palaces and cathedrals that attract visitors each year. Resorts, museums, restaurants and attractions can be a clause that might stipulate that you won't find anywhere else. Michelangelo, da Vinci, Botticelli, Tintorello, Correggio, Donatello - the venues in italy it had a 50,000 crowd watching the lodging in italy to death. It is largely a mountainous hike through this park's lovely terrain. You'll be introduced to the in italy studying. Off the lodging in italy in the lodging in italy, the lodging in italy a vast and beautiful plain, flanked by the citys in italy and parts of Italy during the lodging in italy of this complex country.
With sickness,
Andraste, the daughter of an elfin prince and fairy queen is Fate’s Beloved, blessed with an incredible prophecy naming her as the one who can vanquish the Abatu Empire. She has spent her life preparing for the day when she would leave her homeland and fulfill her destiny. That day has come, but there are a few things Andraste doesn’t know. Her prophecy is a carefully-constructed lie, and beneath the beauty and civilization of her mother’s fairy country, there lie ancient prejudices and secrets. Traitors live within the castle walls, but Andraste can’t help but wonder who’s worse: the vampire empress conquering the world, or the deceitful fairies she’s fighting to save.
But there must be family in Scotland and I will try to find them before I go.
The first thing that struck me when I glanced at it was the area of Robin's cape. It's so simply drawn - just an empty and interesting shape. There's no interior lines defining the fabric of her cape, which at first glance, might seem strange - especially when you look at all the lines on the inside of Batman's cape.
Financing Politics
Veteran Jewish comedian Jackie Mason has plunged the BBC’s Desert Island Discs into the centre of a race row by claiming that ‘Jewish and black people’ are no longer the victims of racial discrimination.
I am currently the only person on the planet not remotely interested in Taylor Hicks, oil prices, or Britney dropping her baby on his head.
I used to love stories my parents told me when I was a kid.
8. A Reverse Notice and Takedown Regime to Enable Public Interest Uses of Technically Protected Copyrighted Works: Jerome H. Reichman, Graeme B. Dinwoodie and Pamela SamuelsonThe 1709 Blog hopes this book does well, and looks forward to what will undoubtedly be its many sequels as the world of peer-to-peer continues to evolve.
Why Your Head Hurts
But that doesn’t take away from the fact that there is something about London. So I wish my departing colleague the very best. And look back with great fondness at the times I was fortunate enough to enjoy there, and then forward to what the next few days, weeks and months might have to offer here in the South West.
Each victim was shot multiple times, according to the county coroner.
Jodi Clardy, Certified Family Manager Coach & Professional Organizer
Cricut® Cartridge Sentimentals - pg. cut @ 1.75" & 1.25"
This is a slow-cooking method dating back to early sixteenth century Dum cooking was introduced to India by Mughal. Handi is the cookware used for Dum cooking. Dumpukht is derived from Persian meaning 'air-cooked' or 'baked'. The earliest documented recipe can be found in Ain-I-Akbar
All-in-all, it was a great snow play day for me and my boys. We added to the awesomeness of the day by bookending our fun in the snow with Krispy Kreme doughnuts on our way driving out to Snoqualmie and with Chipotle on our way driving back. I'm not sure why neither Krispy Kremer nor Chipotle have crossed the Puget Sound to open a location on the Kitsap peninsula yet. It was nice to get some while we were on the Seattle side of the water.
The great age of print for popular entertainment was almost over. As well as cinema, wireless was increasingly competing for attention in households with a little more than minimal disposable income. Allingham’s Indian Summer of success came during the depression years of the early 1930s when a combination of penury and a need for comfort reading pushed many people (women in particular) into buying mass-circulation, value-for-money magazines such as the Family Journal and the Household Companion. 1936, the year Allingham died, was the inauguration of the BBC TV service but it’s probably more significant to notice that the early months of 1937, when the last of his serial stories were still being published, saw the first episodes of the world’s longest running wireless soap opera. Entertainment media was diversifying and printed instalment fiction was being superseded.
I didn't see a single sight! total bummer
3PM – again with the eating, followed by a fitful nap in the Moby
3.) The Ten Commandments say NOTHING about homosexuality.
Once we checked in, the midwife on call checked me, and then we checked into our room. It was really happening. I still didn't quite believe it. It was now a little after 3 p.m. 4cm 95% effaced.
I worked almost 65 hours this past week just to make it work. It was a tiring week and I can't say I ate the healthiest. Honestly I can't remember what I ate but it was a very stressful and crazy week.
I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas too :) I am looking forward to getting my house back to normal now, and seeing as the kids have gone to spend a couple of days with their dad, I'm hoping to get some scrapping done too!
Defense has been a key for the New York Liberty thus far, with any success the ladies have had on the court. That was again the case as the Liberty defeated the Fever 87-72 at a rallying Game Two victory of the WNBA Playoffs at the Prudential Center.
Few days back I started with posting some vadagam and powders recipes. Today had scheduled to post one powder/podi recipe and all of a sudden changed my mind and am posting this delicious and healthy breakfast or snack item can be had even for dinner. Making the batter and some preparations for it is very simple and main thing it can be made instant other than time needed for soaking. The method for making is same as making batter for pesarattu( Green Moong dosa). Only difference is this is poured in paniyaram pans and cooked.
The two terms describe the concentration of a chemical solution contributing to that solution’s osmotic pressure. "Osmolarity" refers to the amount of solute (dissolved chemical) per liter of total solution. At the concentrations involved in the case, osmolarity is measured in milliosmoles per liter (mOsmol/L). In contrast, "osmolality" refers to the amount of solute per kilogram of solvent. It is measured in milliosmoles per kilogram (mOsmol/kg).
On to my creation! Every year at this time, I *have* to reach for Flourishes' Patriotism on Parade set -- I just love the darling kid images in this set and love the homespun charm this set has. So, my card is pretty predictable!
“The Battle of Bunker Hill was fought for – or on – clam chowder; part of it at least, I am sure it was. It is as American as the Stars and Stripes, as patriotic as the national Anthem. It is ‘Yankee Doodle in a kettle,” he wrote.
India’s central belt is also the scene of what has been described as a veritable zoo of paramilitary forces: “Black Cats” (Indian Special Response Unit specializing in counter-terrorism) who provide VIP security, “Cobras” (Command Battalion for Resolute Action), Grey Hounds, Scorpions, and others. In addition, there is the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Border Security Force (BSF) well-known for their brutality in Kashmir and India’s north eastern states. As if this were not enough, there have also been armed vigilante groups – among them the notorious “Salwa Judum” which was set up with initial funding from steel companies Tata and Essar. Supposedly, it has now disbanded in response to popular protests.
Sprinkle cheese mixture on a parbaked pizza crust. Top with sauteed broccoli rabe and scatter with oil cured black olives. Finish with a couple grinds of black pepper. Slide under the broiler for 5 minutes until the crust gets good color, moving around in the oven as needed.
In the small town of Angel Grove, California, five teenagers from the local high school have encountered a powerful entity calling itself Zordon. This being claims that a great evil is preparing to make war on the people of Earth, and that only by combining their courage with his advanced technology can she be stopped.
Upon further reflection (and after one wickedly-good homebrewed beer), I realized that he was probably involved in a Civil Air Patrol (or similar) rescue scenario. He was playing the part of the downed pilot or whatever, that the rescuers had to find. I was part of a scenario like that many years ago. Basically, it's a bunch of hand-held HAM radio operators dressed in camo who do rescue scenarios, and occasionally search for real (dead and live) bodies.
‘Monthly check. No-one’s buying these places at the moment, but we still have to keep an eye on ‘em.’
Anti Aging Antioxidant Serum: This award winning ultralight serum supplements skin's natural protective barrier and fights signs of premature aging with AOX-5 polyphenol compound. This serum was nice, but I ended up giving to my friend who really needed something like this in her skincare routine.
R 2: Join to top of any ch 7 loop with sl st. * Ch 4 (for first trc), work 3 trc, ch 7, 3 trc in loop. Ch 7, skip 1 loop. Repeat from * to * 5 times. Join to top of first trc.
You may receive (2) total entries by selecting from the following entry methods:
I glance ahead. Gotta be it… you can almost smell the music industry gathering.
“As soon as we fix our attention, organization comes into evidence, individual objects are distinguished, successive structures are isolated and become figures against a ground which remains indistinct. This organization implies unification, the demarcation of a group of stimuli which make one whole, according to…the law of continuity for time.”
Now that I have an EOTech on my rifle, The only big thing left to maybe do to it is swap out the walnut stock with an aftermarket replacement.
I walked him in to school this morning (with the babies in their double stroller, of course, a new one that fits through the door ways at the school and steers without me having to kick the front wheels!) I talked to the nurse about Walker's foot. I talked to his teacher about his foot. An hour later, just after we got home from a quick (!) trip to the commissary, the nurse calls to tell me Walker is vomiting. Poor baby. We load up, head to the school, unload the stroller and the babies and head on in to get our guy. I chat with him a bit on the way home, he was quiet. At one time I looked in the rearview mirror and he gave me the puffed-out-cheeks, I"m gonna puke look... silly me, I thought he was teasing. Still chatting when I pull in the garage, I tell Walker he can get out first (instead of waiting in the way-back for me to get the babies out). He doesn't answer me and isn't moving as I gather my belongings, I say, "Walker what are you doing back there?" I'll save you the details, you can probably guess... oh dear.
I remember the Night I was passed out at a party, and starting to spin from all the beer I had been drinking when the song "The Fool on the Hill" came on. I was thinkin I might make it OK until the part that features a recorder flute thing and Paul or John singing :
~Happy birthday
I love to do hand work, it helps my brain to quiet down!
“You have to give her time to get adjusted.”
After the publication of his book, Earley became a fierce mental health advocate. I respect Mr. Earley and commend his efforts for making a difference in the jail systems, promoting the value of Crisis Intervention Training (CIT), as well as the support he lends to parents and families.
...plus a little oil painting to fill that space bottom left. It's an eclectic mix, sure, but I was thinking I could paint all the frames and switch out some of the mats to make it more cohesive. I was also going to change the art in the top left frame (which is just a cheapy print) and update the pictures in the top right frame for black and white photos instead.
In my youth I fought in the Wars of the Magma Giants and was part of a great host led by colossal Bragknamnondor. Beneath his banner we eventually found a fault in the foot of Brokan and by great splitting and melting and driving with the force of the Magma Giants we broke to the surface of the world and split the great Brokan’s toe, so that his toe was called Brokankarn and his wrath was great in those days.
I must sound like a broken record, but I'm really trying to add more bright punches of colour to the townhouse. I need to keep saying it (and typing it) to make it a reality. I love bold colours but when push comes to shove I sometimes wimp out.
What I think the state's regulators have missed, however, is that simpler hybrids, which currently enjoy no other incentives, still look like an equally effective way to save gasoline. That's particularly true if most buyers of plug-in cars are choosing them in preference to non-plug-in hybrids, rather than instead of gas-guzzling conventional cars. It comes down to the simple, but often counter-intuitive math of fuel economy the way we calculate it in the US, yielding diminishing gallon savings for increasing miles per gallon (see chart below.) Consider a 50 mpg hybrid that replaces a 25 mpg conventional car. Driven 12,000 miles per year, this choice saves 240 gallons per year. Trading in that hybrid for a plug-in like a Nissan Leaf only saves an additional 240 gallons per year, while a Chevy Volt would save somewhat less than that, unless it were never filled up.
Spring break is definitely one of those things that can be a blessing and a curse, it’s great to have some time that isn’t overly scheduled but with the kids home it’s just about impossible to have a moment to get anything done. I did find some time to make some really yummy bran muffins so I am stealing away a minute here to share the recipe with you. These are full of fiber with 7 grams per muffin and just slightly sweet and perfectly moist, everything I love in a bran muffin.
1 cup strawberries, hulls intact
And truth be told, if crime was spelt "money" then South Africa would be a very different place.
Opus III
29. The Delmonas - I Feel Like Giving In
Now, how do I rise?
The lucky winner is Martha Ellen! Please email me your address and I will get this most happy butterfly apron off to you.
The tan lines you get from running gear are odd due to the nature of the gear you wear (I spent hours last year trying to make them less obvious!); perhaps I need to stop wearing knee or just above the knee bottoms and go for shorts?!?! Mmm nah! I want to retain some dignity…on the street at least! So I guess I will just have to give the neighbours an eye-full when in the garden…I can’t look odd now can I!
Fifteen-year-old Bridget Liu just wants to be left alone: by her mom, by the cute son of a local police sergeant, and by the eerie voices she can suddenly and inexplicably hear. Unfortunately for Bridget, it turns out the voices are demons – and Bridget has the rare ability to banish them back to whatever hell they came from.
We need to build up our marriages because our children suffer from broken relationships or non-relationships. We now know that father absence inflicts a wound on children that social science can measure, but only partially fathom. We are finding that even the children conceived by artificial means long for a relationship with their fathers.
This is a case-control study using data from the Autism Internet Research Survey, an online parental survey conducted from February to April 2005 with results for 861 children with Autistic Disorder and 123 control children. The analyses were performed using logistic regression.Results
I did a quick search to see if I could find anything at all on this (guessing that there would be little or no information available). Now, I appear to have been lost in space on my own trek, because this seems to have a very large, world-wide cult following.
So I did it. It was EASY. I didn't miss anything. I wasn't craving anything. I would eat three or four clementines at a time, loving every bite. HUGE salads, of iceberg (love the crunch!), spinach, apples, avocado, lemon juice. And - green smoothies. How I love thee, green smoothie!
small change while I –
You have to let this cool down completely before mixing all the other ingredients.
what kitty stuff i am going to share with you.
Side table from Goodwill with Anthropologie rhino head knobs
My Aunt had returned home from hospital the day before and gone straight to bed feeling queasy and shakey.
So much for that.
A while ago I did a Style School e-course, and it really helped me to collate things that inspire me and place it all in one place - rather than keeping them scattered all over my house! Since i finished this e-course, I've kept a Style File. It's divided out by Wardrobe, Home, Creative & Life.
Despite the severe restrictions on gun and knife ownership, both types of crime continue to grow and are now moving from the underclass ghettos, onto the previously unsullied corporate-dominated high streets.
Hermel thought about the old village he’d come from. It was a very small village, one of the smallest in fact. It had no wall but only a wide double ditch surrounding it, and a few mounds within that were shaped in circles or squares that had been chosen as locations for the larger barns and homesteads. Outside the ditch boundary were the farms, on which were hovels and ramshackle barns, whose families eked out the most meager livings imaginable. Nevertheless, no one thought village life was unbearable, and during planting season songs were sung, and in winter the old stories were told. Most years people had enough to eat, and enough wood from the surrounding forest to keep warm. He remembered his sister Iliza with her long straight black hair and proud young eyes. She had wanted to be married to Hruza Tangtao, one of the village wheat-monks, but she was as yet too young. If Hruza was still in the village then Hermel knew that he would have at least one additional warrior to rely on. The town was long famous for the kung fu of the wheat-monks who practiced there, but few were left since the town’s kung fu teacher was offered a better position teaching at Bear Claw Village on the far side of the forest. Many of the young men in the town went away then, some to follow the teacher, and some to Hobbington or elsewhere, since there was so little to keep anyone in Yellow Clay Village otherwise.
‘Explain all that,’ said the Mock Turtle.
* Environmental Consultants
Thou canst not then be false to any man.
My dissertation ended up being around 17,000 words, which isn’t as much as a lot of students but I had to develop and document a piece of software too which involves a lot of technical diagrams and I spent many hours each day over the past few weeks to make sure I got everything done. It wasn’t perfect and there was a lot more I would like to have added but I think it’s fairly good. My tentative goal is to get a 2:1 (the second highest grade) for my degree overall, although I wouldn’t be devastated if I didn’t get that. To be completely honest, it’s been other factors like my mental health and personal problems that have hampered my progress more than anything but I’ve tried really hard to stay on track this year. I’m sure those of you reading this who went to college/university know what a massive undertaking it is and I was completely mentally drained by the time I had to hand it in and demonstrate my software last week. One of my classmates actually got RSI while writing his, so maybe I got off lightly.
Everyone can use libraries. Any age. Any stage. Come. Try a book. Even buy a book.
“I think when one work totally dominates an entire hall it might be said to be too numerous. It has never been this pronounced, has it? Even compared to previous booms, there was never anything dominating the event like this.”
See how easy that was? I told you I’m a Jedi! Let’s try another one!
I was well set in my coffee ways when I stepped into the CAMP House, a coffee shoppe in my home town of Chattanooga, TN. I met Matt, the barista, by ordering a cup of coffee. He saw me go towards the “fixin’” station but stopped me before I got there. He challenged me to take a couple sips before I splashed or lumped. I gazed into the cup seeing the streaks of oil swirl around. Horrifying thoughts of drowning in a tub of black tar & gargling lava began to swim in my mind. An interesting smell brought me back to reality.
Doesn’t bother me. I think that there will always be slight perception of vanity publishing from traditionally published authors as the feeling is that the indie author hasn’t been “chosen” from the slushpile. They have just thrown their novel out there.
Challenge 11: to post May 20
Another 'person' in the garden I wanted to share is Admiral Semmes, one of my native azaleas. Rhododendron 'Admiral Semmes' is blooming now and seems to be very happy with his planting location. Bold color and fragrance as well, can't beat it!
This man is a disgrace.
Yesterday I did a treadmill workout which went OK. I entered into daily mile "I am so slow". I finished and was thinking "man, I wish I could be faster. " OK, I am slower than I HAVE been and certainly slower than where I would like to be, but aren't we all? I don't know of anyone who runs - interval or straight who doesn't want to get faster. Everyone wants to do a personal best or record (PR) during a race. Gives you the extra little smile at the end when you are your fastest.
The marble subway tiles are from Home Depot. In an ideal world, I would've gotten carrara marble counter tops. However, they stain. Enough said with four kids under the age of 10. This was my way of incorporating the marble without it being on a used & abused surface in the kitchen. All of our appliances are Kitchen Aid. This go round we purchased a slide in range. Holla for slide in ranges! There are no gaps on the side for gross stuff to fall into. No more cleaning the sides with a toothpick or fork. Yipee!
Music without rhythm is just a noise, life without God’s rhythm might just be the same.
I am happy to announce that my peanut chikki recipe has been published in the BetterBody Foods and Nutrition website. Check out my recipe at here.
have a blessed week !!!
“Grizzly”
Sanrio appealed the decision. After the ruling in November 2010, it stated that:
Use this logos moi has presented for without use of that ethos (mainly limelighting is USELESS), any directed pathos FAILS! Injured civilians in marches does nothing! Use the legal method!
RICHARD ASHCROFT - This Thing Called Life
It doesn’t take long to start imploring the methods taught in this book. Like all other systems, it does take a little time for the results to become obvious. But simply by reading this book, you will learn to understand your child on a deeper level and more easily identify their often hidden needs. Just by starting the system, your kids will see that something is different in a positive way, even if they only realize it on a sub-conscious level. So in a way, the results (at least some of them) are immediate. The quicker you connect with your child’s love language, the longer the new bond has to grow and develop.
But he's gone and that sucks because it always sucks when you say goodbye to someone you like. And he's a great friend, literally my best. And you know why? Because he does things like apologize for ridiculous reasons. Have you ever had someone apologize to you for doing something or not doing something because it might have fucked them up? What the fuck is that? "I'm sorry I did or didn't do this thing for or with you because it would have caused me some serious complications." Really? What kind of friend am I? Yeah, I'm not going to be your friend if you aren't willing to fuck your life up. Who are you? I mean, come on, you're nice to me and you buy me lunch but you aren't willing to just say "fuck my life, let's do this"? Really? Well fuck you for pretending to be a true friend.
To make your reservations, please leave the details of your trip(s) in the comment section below.
She has several workshops in Taos, New Mexico at the Mabel Dodge Luhan House, others in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and one at the Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health in Massachusetts. All have beautiful, lush scenery, quiet and relaxing writing areas, and cozy rooms. Perfect for relaxing and taking in the fresh air.
* The diaper comes in two sizes (Size 1 fits approximately 7-20 pounds and size 2 fits approximately 20-40 pounds)
Given the vast range of operations undertaken by these agencies, any new system would have to be flexible in order to cover all those types of transactions.
That was weird, me who loves color didn't like it & Dave who wanted me to paint all the rooms white when we moved in liked it. I love them both, just wasn't sure if I like them both together. I decided to put the room back together & live with it for awhile.
I was a 10 year Girl Scout. I have lots of fond memories. Camp Tioga, a 2 week overnight summer camp, was not one of them. The girls in the group shot took themselves way too seriously. My friends and I, on the other hand, toughened it out and tried to have some fun. We were the rotten scouts, life-long friends who turned out alright. These were the most memorable! It was 1965--I was 12 years old.
Of course, it's possible to search not logged in as anyone, or go to the library and search on a different computer. But I don't like the idea that the information has been filtered like this. And I don't like having to remember that Google's top results might not overlap with what someone completely different would see.
and since returning from march break,
Today I made a box, which holds a mini inside. I decorated the lid with the pretty flowers. Hope you like it.
Looks like I might still be blogging then!
I’m going to let you in on something, humans need calories to live. A calorie is a measurement of energy. When we sleep, walk, talk, workout, we burn energy in the form of calories. This is why so many people place such a strong emphasis on tracking them. Instead of counting calories, focus on the types of food you’re putting into your body such as fruits, vegetables, lean proteins, and good carbohydrates (not all carbs are created equal). Focus on portion size too. Over eating is very common.
Please don’t forget to bring to the conference the items that you would like to donate to the Area 7 “Celebrating Independent Book Stores Basket.” Thanks!
It is a bit of a scary passage, isn’t it? This theology that seems so harsh only makes me want to run back into the arms of my Savior and beg Him to sanctify me. I know I am guilty of not loving, not repenting, and disregarding the health of the church. I wonder if America’s lampstand still stands with the others, if Christ still walks among the churches I see around me, and I wonder if I can be held responsible.
Our Rabbi posted a fun article on the Temple Emanu-El Facebook page that was published in the New Yorker that I thought was hilarious. Here is the link.
One can only imagine what went through the minds of ancient folk when their crudely built calendars successfully determined seasonal or celestial events, such as lunar eclipses, solstices, and so on. I’m quite sure they must have expressed their joy and happiness by dancing, singing, and making quite a racket. Imagine what must have happened the year after that, when the selected few big chiefs in the tribe decided to make some rules? “Now listen here guys and dolls, let’s do the celebrating in an orderly fashion this time. It took us ages to figure out where we placed our sticks and stones, which you people destroyed with all your stomping and happy dancing!”
I wasn’t in the ICU waiting room for him, I was there to support my friend as she waited to see the outcome of her boyfriend/best friend/lover’s fight to survive this surprise attack on his body from the inside. I was there to help her through the night, to make sure she wasn’t alone. But he caught my eye. He drew my attention.
1986 Donruss Highlights #23
9km, in about 1.5hrs I think. What a snail! Mt Eden (or Maungawhau, if you prefer the Maori word). Tick. Back pain? Mild to unnoticeable. Hips feel a little overstretched but in a good way.
Step 2: Peel backing off adhesive magnetic sheet and arrange dolls and dresses.
the difference in the world to him.
This giveaway is open to residents of US and Canada.
“Yeah. Like that. But don’t make it puffy. It should look like a guy’s jumpsuit with cool patches and emblems and medals on it. And I want to wear my Chicago Bears cap.”
Blend all marinade ingredients in blender until smooth.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a 9 x 13 inch pan melt the butter in the oven. Sprinkle crumbs over the butter. Pour the sweetened condensed milk evenly over the crumbs. Top with the remaining ingredients in layers. Press down. Bake for 25 minutes. Cool. Cut into squares.
The U.S.-Afghan agreement has been in the works for 20 months. Obama and Karzai had a goal of finishing it before an international summit later this month in Chicago, said the official, and they agreed it would be signed “on Afghan soil” to show their commitment to building a future together.
3/4 teaspoons oregano
It looked like everyone else had been sitting on the plane waiting for us for ages. Tired, grouchy faces all looked up at us from their seats as we passed to our places at the back of the plane. We were obviously an enemy of the people but I couldn't have been happier to be there - or more parched.
Ayoko nga. ‘Di pa ako ready eh.
According to the study’s authors, ¾ of U.S. preschoolers are in some form of childcare. The vast majority of those kids is not getting the recommended amount of physical activity per day. (The National Association for Sport and Physical Education recommends that preschoolers participate in at least 60 minutes of structured physical activity per day, and at least 60 minutes of unstructured physical activity. Preschoolers should not be sedentary for more than 60 minutes at a time, unless sleeping.)
By participating in the Promotion, you agree to be bound by these Official Rules and represent that you satisfy all of the eligibility requirements below.
won’t recall but it’s when I lost my world
I’d really like to get the seasons of The Office, How I Met Your Mother, Community, Scrubs, and Glee that I don’t currently own. I’m sure I could come up with a few others.
What's the prize that you could win this challenge?
Salam!
“Hey. How long was I out?”
Parking lots
A Minister or Parliamentary Secretary
Daniel F. Gaido is a researcher at the National Research Council (Conicet) in Argentina. He is the author of The Formative Period of American Capitalism and is currently working on a book on the history of German social democracy
The success or failure of the pick and this draft class wont’ be determined for several years now. Gawdin is only eligible to join the Broncos full time for the 2013-2014 season. Fans will likely get their first look at him during training camp at the send of the summer.
“No matter gay, straight, or bi
We rode until we reached a bridge with a tricky, small opening at the other side, and decided to turn around. That section took us probably an hour and a half or so (. . . This is a rough estimate, I never really kept track of time. . . ). Daisy was thrilled to be out and about on new land! She had a real perk in her step, her ears were forward the whole time and she swung her head side to side to check out the sights. So cute! I love when she's happy; it makes the ride so much more enjoyable. I can't wait until one day when I have my own trailer and the ability to drive it and can take her places. Something to look forward to :)
circa 1870s
the old words,
Woohoo - she was 8-9cms! So I encouraged her to get in the tub which she agreed to. However, she was unable to sit and felt better standing. She began to get more vocal after a few minutes of standing in the bathroom. Then I saw the first little pushes as she involuntarily beared (or bore down? That sounds weird too) down. Then she says "I feel something!"
Out on the Internet, I had discovered on that Friday a “Yahoogroups” forum of Camping followers from around the world. I logged on to the forum just as their excitement was building up to a fever pitch. Posts were coming fast and furious by evening. Some were posting links to “seismic activity” websites so forumites could keep tabs on the earthquakes as they happened. Others posted links to “live webcams” from New Zealand, so they could actually watch the devastation as it happened, long before it reached their own time zone … except for the few members who WERE from New Zealand or nearby Australia. The first earthquake effect was expected to be just after midnight US Eastern Time, in the Christmas Island area, reaching New Zealand about two hours later.
Stamps: Garden Tilda, Sweet Rainbow Collection - Magnolia, Sentiment Whiff of Joy
Every once in a while it is possible that we get what we can call true moments of genius. I am still hoping for one sometime soon.
Today was sort of eventful.
We are home now. We arrived 10 days ago from our 4-month-long exchange to India. I think now we are all feeling much better our bodies adjusting slowly to the new time with the 13 1/2 hours difference between home and our last home in Gwalior.
As you can see, the next few weeks are jam-packed with real-life things. Someone has said that there's no need to blog about life if we're not living life. There are many good things I want to fully live in the next few weeks, and I'm sure you'll understand if I don't blog very often while I'm doing that. I will update the ByGrace Facebook page every couple of days, if you'd like to join me there, and there's always the chance I'll pop in to give you some news here on the blog if it's something that just can't wait!
What is a belief? A belief is any guiding principle, faith or passion that can provide meaning and direction in life. Beliefs are pre-arranged organised filters to our perceptions of the world ... they are like little commanders of the brain. I honestly believe that there is no force more powerful than human belief. It is the motto in which I live by ... "believe and you will achieve". Beliefs provide a direct road to excellence - a direct line to your central nervous system. When you believe something is true, you go into the state of it being true.
It is important to remember that, in U.S. national income accounts, “wages” include the pay of CEOs and day laborers alike. Even then, the gap between productivity and wages continued to grow throughout the 1973-2011 period.
2. Fundraiser then Fundraising and Communications Manager for local Cancer Hospice
Book Three
I took about 55 photos trying to capture them. We were on a boardwalk, very few of the plants were blooming or growing and living close to the board walk. Sony had a work out! It was great fun and I enjoyed it to no end!
Code Name Verity by Elizabeth Wein (p.300-352)
The only thing sadder than Flacco’s comments is that he no longer even has the best unibrow in sports since Anthony Davis stole that crown.
According to Denhem's logic the country should continue to take in thousands upon thousands upon millions of immigrants in the hope that one or two of them might benefit the country. Has it not occurred to the pureed brained zealot that billions of pounds would be saved, and untold levels of social damage avoided, had we trained a few home grown heart specialists instead of importing millions of people in the hope of finding a few foreign trained ones among them?
Great. I am so proud.
Summer Viewing. People, I have gotten hooked on QUITE a few shows this summer.
The second was after hiking down the escarpment. I think it was a Sunday. Brittni had bought a beer while we were waiting and took it on the matola. Bad idea. First, most women don't drink in Malawi. Second, Malawians don't understand that you can "just have one" drink. Most people that drink are drunkards. We were unlucky enough to be sitting in the bed of the truck next to a very religious individual. He proceeded to scold Brittni for drinking and bring up the bible, God, and Jesus in every way shape and form for the hour long ride. Luckily I wasn't involved in the conversation. It took every ounce of self-control not to tell this guy to look around at his life and all the poverty and re-evaluate the way he looks at God being the ruler of all. By that time, I knew how religious people in Malawi were and I'd usually just mumble something about being Christian or Catholic. Whatever I felt like at that moment. Then I'd awkwardly walk away...
There might be a few posts about sims on here.
And thank God I did. It's been tough, but I now blog for three separate companies on a weekly basis, and write for 3 different statewide magazines. Eventually I'd love to call myself a freelance photojournalist (I'm still saving for that damn camera) and be able to document history right as it happens. In the meantime though I'm learning new skills, like how to actual promote a blog correctly and how to use backlinking and other ways of optimization to increase traffic. Plus last night I found out I type 80 words a minute. Take that, Mavis Beacon.
justin and i needed to get on the same page before his trip so we spent all day monday together when he got home. we talked through the tough stuff about our marriage. where we have dropped the ball. how we have gotten comfortable. stopped pursuing. being "too" busy and lost sight of the intentionality that is necessary for a crazy, deep, and intimate marriage. i mean crazy in the best way that can possibly exist. the too is in quotations because come on..."too" busy for your spouse? never and i mean ever. new rule for the ryder family. but marriage stuff is for another post.
Update! - Since first beginning to writing this post, I have bought the bottle from eBay. I think I persuaded myself by writing about it! I couldn't resist.
He’s got a double first in Classics from Cambridge University, is a RADA trained actor who has shown incredible promise in films such as War Horse, Thor (he was the only credible thing in it) and Midnight In Paris, and he looks like he just popped down the shops via Brideshead Revisited. Super, super elegant in the flesh, he’s one of those guys where photos just do not do him justice at all (and he looks gorgeous in the photos, so…). On celluloid, he is mesmeric and so elegantly British. I think he’ll be an enormous star. And you know how prophetic I am with these things. I mean, I should be getting some sort of fee by now. It’s a fucking disgrace, frankly. Anyway, observe Hiddleston intently, he will create some beautiful work. I’m certain.
Imagine there's no country
She said this before marching towards Dataran Merdeka. At 2.30pm, she again declared the event a success and called for the crowd to disperse only to have Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim step in reportedly to the shouts of reformasi and echo her call.
Dark remains as fascinating a creation as he was in Free Agent – duplicitous and willing to go to any lengths to save his own skin, but also questioning (his caustic, often irritable narration is peppered with reflective moments of self-examination), utterly determined to stop the impending atrocity he uncovers, and increasingly dedicated to ensuring Sarah's safety. He's no hero, but some of the things he does are certainly heroic, and his loss of faith in his communist ideals lends him an alluring ambiguity – an agent shunned by all sides, yet still driven to do the right thing. But as thrilling as Song of Treason is – and like its predecessor, it really is up there with the best of Ian Fleming, Len Deighton, Adam Hall, Geoffrey Household, Gavin Lyall, Desmond Cory and countless other past spy fiction masters – the final part of the trilogy is even better, as the stakes are raised to unimaginable levels and Dark finds himself attempting to stop nothing less than the devastation of the entire planet...
This week was a short week but we were able to get a lot of activities done. The first thing we worked on this week was homophones! My kids loved talking about homophones and came up with some great words that I didn't even think of. We made these cute pears from Pinterest I found!
*I know it’s way past Mardi Gras but I love the colors. And I also know it’s alittle messy, I did it quickly.
MERYL STREEP (A CRY IN THE DARK)
Knock upon yourself as upon a door, and walk upon yourself as on a straight road. For if you walk on that path, you cannot go astray; and when you knock on that door, what you open for yourself shall open.
My husband has decided to try GAPS for heartburn, crankiness and general overall well-being. He'll start at the end of the week. This is going to get interesting!
It doesn't seem like a lot at all does it? I think I can make it work though.
Don't you allow yourself, either. Folks who use manipulation to make you change who you are aren't really your friends, and you're worth more than that.
“Sleepy now?” he asked.
Financial cutbacks and the subsequent reduction in specialised staff (about 17 were released in May 2011) may well mean that even less protection for our heritage will be available in the future. Yet our heritage is an important part of our tourism appeal.
How different this would have been, Jesus thought to himself with an unseen, humourless chuckle. How different, if he had arrived here with his team all refreshed from a miraculous feed of figs from that tree to which they had paid a fruitless visit on the way in that morning. His words alone might have propelled the tables across the floor of the temple, oxen, sheep, doves and merchants tumbling with them! What a sight, those magnificently arrayed Pharisees collecting themselves from the dust-clouded heap, brushing and plucking at feathers, hair and dung on their soiled robes!
I know I was blushing the entire routine… I could feel the heat in my face. I know it doesn’t make sense. I don’t know why it happened but it did. My girl friend ended up in the back a lot as she was the tallest girl in the routine, so I ended up spending a lot of time ogling Ai’s arms. He’s not ripped or anything mind you, but he does definitely have muscle. And compared to all the other guys in the routine, since they all happened to have a more lanky build and less muscle, it really stood out. So yeah I ogled. Arms. Of all the things to ogle.
Take one for another right? :)
Enter Ottolenghi, my newfound obsession. This past summer I compulsively forked over $40 for the extremely sexy cookbook, Plenty by Yottam Ottolenghi because the pictures were hot. Thank goodness the recipes actually live up to their visuals. Ottolenghi is the creator of four London-based eateries, the majority of which are take-out restaurants (there is only one sit-down place). He wrote the book after his vegetarian column in the Guardian, and because a great deal of enthused customers began requesting the recipes. Knowing how much this cookbook rocks my world, I couldn’t wait to get into the place to actually experience the food first hand. Thank goodness it actually lives up to the pedestal I’ve put it upon. And the concept is brilliant: fresh, delicious, healthy take-out where the menu changes with the seasons and the items are always adventurous. He’s mixing up tahini with lime juice and chilies, throwing pomegranate and roasted pistachios onto eggplant, grilling sweet potatoes like steaks with earthy spices and bright citrus. Ottolenghi is a culinary poet elevating take-out to a level of luscious sophistication, and my heart is stolen. The book, the cafés, the food, it’s all divine. Now all we have to do is convince him to go global.
My dad had AIDS. I never really accepted the disease. I stayed positive and really thought that the handfuls of vitamins and herbs he took would prolong his life. This was before the cocktail so he had to rely on things such as garlic and shark cartilage. I was completely shocked to get a phone call from my mom telling me to come home from college. I was a freshman and it was the week before final exams. My roommate and I found my professors and, through tears and snotty noses, requested that I take my exams early so that I could go home and be with my dad who was dying. This was difficult. Still, I have no recollection of those days as I crammed for my exams and packed my belongings not knowing what I was going home to.
This is is cat
xviii) WIPO shall jointly organise an international seminar with the WTO and UNCTAD on IP and development, with the active and unlimited participation of all relevant stakeholders, including public interest NGOs, civil society and academia; xix) WIPO could stablish a Working Group on the Development Agenda to further discuss the implementation of the Development Agenda and work programmes for WIPO, and
The book ends in a big cliffhanger.
I have news for everyone who feels like that. Jesus came to save sinners! and if you really feel you are the worst person on this earth that is all the more reason to come to Him in prayer and repentance. He will not reject you- that He promises.
You can buy toad homes online and spend around $20 for each house. Or you can knock a small opening in the side of a clay pot, or even stack a few bricks to make a small shelter. Toads will be attracted to the shelter, use it during the day and claim it as their territory coming back year after year. Each night one toad can eat up to 100 slugs, grubs, grasshoppers, tomato beetles, cutworms...anything you don't want eating your garden. The tadpoles also eat mosquito larvae! And the average adult toad can live for nearly a decade, that's a nice family pet you don't have to feed or take for walks.
Protesters gathered outside a branch of the Applebbe's restaurant chain in Thessaloniki, Greece last night to draw attention to the fact that employees have not been paid for November despite Christmas being just two days away.
A husband who is a good head will not abuse, abdicate, abandon, or avoid responsibility.
I started the day with a mild hangover (as evidenced by an awesome session on UnTappd) so we filled our bellies with breakfast from Eggtc. and drove up to St Joseph, Missouri. Our destination was the Glore Psychiatric Museum. We've heard from friends and family that it's worth the trip and decided to check it out. I'm more into the odd stuff than Randyl is, but the place is fascinating. The atmosphere wasn't quite what we expected, but they have several rooms over two floors featuring antiquated/historical treatment for mental illness. As we learned more about the way those with mental illnesses were treated before much was understood about the human brain, we got a little bummed out. Mental illness went misunderstood for a long time and most methods of treatment were actually torturous. They do showcase a lot of artwork done by patients over the years. We saw some cool works that further humanized the plight of the mentally ill. I know, I know, the whole thing sounds like a bummer trip, but it was quite enlightening and fascinating. We took a few pictures, but I find these two to be most interesting:
A split could see the ANC return to the socialist doctrines that marked its program during the 1960s and 1970s, when it was heavily influenced by the Marxist liberation movements in other parts of Africa as well as the Soviet bloc.
Set in the near future, this book deals with anti feminist views brought on by feminists who settled for freedom 'from' rather than freedom 'to.' As the United States has been abolished and war has broken out all over, the story is told from the perspective of a young women whose life has changed immeasurably, who has lost not only her way of life, but her family as well. She is located in a peaceful center within an area that used to be Detroit, but all around are unstable areas. She is locked into a life of privilege, of sorts, but without personal freedoms. Highly poignant personal thoughts and feelings are conveyed clearly and distinctly through this no nonsense diary of sorts.
For the rest of the week and all weekend I thought about that red leather ottomon. It looked kinda like the one in this picture in front of the chair except the legs were a little different and they had little casters on them.
Beijing, which has close trade relations with both Khartoum and Juba, has traditionally acted as Sudan’s protector on the council and for years has shielded it from U.S. and European calls for sanctions due to its handling of conflicts in its western Darfur region and elsewhere in the country.
This post will examine the counter law that deals with the policing of transience. This counter law is directed at the most marginalized people in society: the homeless and poor. New laws against law, also known as counter law, are created to make sure that homeless populations are excluded from domestic places, where they are seen as a potential threat. The homeless population must treat public or communal spaces as their home. These spaces are used by the homeless as places to relax, sleep and so forth. Counter law is used to make sure that this population does not get too comfortable. The Safe Streets Act of 1999 which originates in Ontario, describes transient street people or the homeless as threats to public safety. British Columbia passed its own Safe Streets Act in 2004 to deal with the potential threat caused by the homeless. The problem with this counter law is that threats are not identifiable acts causing direct harm to others, therefore the traditional criminal law requirement of actus reus is irrelevant (Ericson, 2007). Furthermore, these threats cannot be guilty, thus there is the elimination of the other traditional criminal law requirement of mens rea (Ericson, 2007). Also, the onus is on the suspect to prove that he or she is not a vagrant (Gordon, 2004).
Manaus, Brazil
GIVEAWAY!
‘Mr Dale, a British humanitarian worker, was kidnapped in January this year. Since then tireless efforts have been under way to secure his release, and the British Government has worked closely with the Red Cross throughout.
Well, this is Scare Tactic's 100th post which also coincides with my horror film article in the Toronto Star and I have to say, the love I get for this little blog has a lot to do with the Where Are They Now... series. And what better show to examine than Canada's own Breaker High.
Would it have any meaning, or do all event and situations in life carry meaning only because we have a memory of it….
First touch startles her, but as my flesh gingerly ease against hers, the softness of her naked flesh melts like butter into mines
Here’s a peek:
I’m certainly not complaining though. The project is short-term, and while I might be haggard, overweight and very, very hairy when it ends in a couple of months time, I will also be armed with some amazing experience to whack on the old CV.
Given this, it is perhaps timely to cast a beady Beer Monkey eye over those Glasgow pubs that I think have been impressively presenting and pulling perfect pints over the past year.
How To Play Along :
My musical journey started in standard 4th, a year after my grandmother passed away. She was an accomplished Harmonium, Tabla player and a Percussionist, in short a multi-instrumentalist. She was a Kirtankar (Kirtan means chanting hymns, mantras to the accompaniment of instruments such as Harmonium, Tabla, Percussions and The person performing Kirtans is Kirtankar).
However, German ineptitude gave him away and the British recruited him to feed dud information to Berlin.
Ooh, there was too many rhyming words in that sentence.
The authoritative Canadian journalist-author Noel Mostert, (who is a descendant of Afrikaners Huguenots who in 1947 had emigrated to Canada; and now lives in Morocco), draws a very clear distinction especially between Afrikaners and Boers, writing on page 1292 in " Frontiers", his comprehensive history of the Xhosa nation:
Links & Sources:
I wish you could come with me. Well of course you could if you wanted to, and how I wish you would. You know I only came to England to be with you. I hoped you would come with me eventually. But then there was that night on the boat, and that changed everything. I know you’ll stay with Bronia now. I know it’s the right thing to do, and you wouldn’t be you if you didn’t do it. I just wish I’d never gone near her. I just needed some comfort. It was a comfort you couldn’t give me, but please don’t think I blame you for that.
If you do not have a link of your own,
You can see what kind of stuff we listen to, like and post.
....without his brother or his friends
Little Miss Paige is growing up SO darn fast. She practically runs all over now. She is starting to talk, and babble, but tells us what she wants even though she can't say many words yet. She is now 14 months old. After many months of struggling with this baby, and thinking that the future would hold a very difficult baby; she has turned into quite an easy child. She has so much character already. She definitely knows what she wants. She also tends to be a fast learner. She loves to take a bath, and if we say the word "bath", she heads to the bathroom and waits for you to start the bath water, and then grabs her towel and jammies, and heads to our room to get naked. She has learned so much in the last few months, I am just amazed at her every day. She loves to be tickled, and will tickle you back. If we mention that it's time to eat, she heads straight to the high-chair and waits for you to put her in it and give her her food. If we say that we are going bye-bye, she will head to the kitchen to get her coat and shoes on. And after many months of struggling to get her to nap or sleep at night, she now will grab her blankie and lay down if she is tired; and when put to bed, she sleeps all through the night. So, maybe all my complaining paid off, or maybe I just wasn't patient enough for the easy time to come, but it is here now; and I am trying to enjoy every second of it. She is definitely a blessing sent to us!
Over the past days, I was following the headlines and articles of the Arab newspapers and magazines. To my utmost surprise, I found that they have been collectively pursuing a unified policy of vilifying and denigrating Iran over the Abu Musa dispute. In line with their politicians and statesmen, the Arab media have used the most odious and abhorrent language against Iran, as if they were talking about a sworn enemy with which they have been at odds for centuries.
10/06 - Portland, OR - Hawthorne Theatre
“What’s your name?” Ted sighed.
Each Chevy Volt sold thus far may have as much as $250,000 in state and federal dollars in incentives behind it – a total of $3 billion altogether, according to an analysis by James Hohman, assistant director of fiscal policy at the Mackinac Center for Public Policy. There are some reasons to think that those incentives and subsidies may not all be paid out, and the cost won't be that bad, and even some reasons to think that $250,000 is an underestimate, leading Hohman to conclude with:
I’m hiding.
Cuts like a knife: There two BFTS events, including the Sacramento Classic, before the first cut of the 2010 season, and seven riders who qualified for last year’s PBR World Finals are in danger of being cut from the tour.
the struggle to achieve perfect inner harmony.
Training and technical assistance in the investigation and prosecution of IPR crime will be provided to foreign law enforcement partners in nations across the Pacific Rim, Latin America, and sub-Saharan Africa. The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs and the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs selected the projects after considering input from the U.S. Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, other federal agencies, our overseas missions, Congress, and industry representatives.
At this point the last hour had finally arrived. Nancy took over the class, and kept us interested and enthused. My energy was definitely starting to wane by now, and we were doing 10-minute “standing hills”. Honestly the only way to get through this was to just close my eyes and visualize what I could. Visualize the hills, nice weather, maybe a road overlooking a river? Something scenic. I would visualize it in as much detail as possible, and before we knew it we would be done with that hill!
I love pears I think they are a masterful fruit and they look pretty sexy too – depending of course what type you get.
Based on enhanced video footage that shows injuries to the back of Zimmerman’s head and possibly his nose, it is likely that Zimmerman was under attack in some form from Martin before he chose to shoot Martin. Witnesses have made statements suggesting Martin was the aggressor in some form during the fight; while other witness statements exist that call these into question. Assuming Martin was attacking Zimmerman up to and immediately before the shot, would a reasonable person conclude that their life was in jeopardy and deadly force was justified? It is difficult to tell based on available information but the existence of the enhanced video evidence showing the injuries on the back of Zimmerman’s head should pose a reasonable doubt in the minds of a jury as to whether Zimmerman was unwarranted in acting to defend himself from a potentially life-threatening attack.
Standing Taller. Nobody ever mentions this song. I love it to bits. Again another song that was written very quickly, this time by Ad who came up with the chord progression one night when Sam was not around. I bashed out the lyrics during the session and by the time that Sam came back (from a holiday or flu or something) we had the bones of a new song that was just waiting, ready for him to arrange. I love to sing it. This song also has had everything but the kitchen sink thrown at it including the only time we ever used bongos AND a cowbell on a track!
while I try to get my little cupcake business
Blue shirt (short sleeve), a.n.a. - Salvation Army, 99 cents
So now I will continue the trend and share 7 things about myself...
Four of the men, Mohammad Zaoli, 21, Mohammed Elnour, 18, Aru Gar, 19, and Akoak Manon, 18, appeared via video link in the Bendigo Magistrates Court yesterday. They each face 17 charges, including 14 of rape. The other three accused are aged 14, 16 and 17 and cannot be named. They appeared in a children's court on the same 17 charges.
“There was just a little more urgency today,” says Knuble. “We got two. One of them was a little misplay by the goalie, and then a bouncing puck we turned into a three-on-one. I feel like it really took the building down a lot. They were starting to come on and they were buzzing a little bit and they had really changed the game at that point. It settled things down for us.”
This is a perfect story of what Create can do. Taking people out of the benefit system and moving them into mainstream society within a 12 week period. Here are a few statements that our trainees make on a regular basis. These people have come from situations such as abuse neglect domestic violence and most of the time touch on homelessness at some point in their life. They are desperate to get a job and to better their own lives and their families.
The modern tobacco industry and the Duke family fortune began, however, on a small farm in North Carolina. The complex today is a state historic site, where visitors can learn about the tobacco industry, Washington Duke and even the development of modern marketing techniques.
Here is mine that almost was:
I've come a long way since my first pancake fiasco. If you didn't know, my pancakes used to turn out awful. They were burned, gooey, undercooked, or...too salty. Sigh. Those were some sad times in my kitchen.
“What has happened now is that some of the rubber trees we planted are now being tapped by foreigners backed by powerful people,” said Mohigal who blames his MP for failing them.
#46 Katie Tate
In its latest Canadian Mobile Phone Forecast, the analyst firm also noted that 2011 was a milestone year in the country as it marked the first year that smartphones outnumbered feature phones in shipments and installed base.
Don't tell my (reluctant) helpers that I said so.
Since 2006, The Slog (in its former incarnation as notbornyesterday.org) has been arguing consistently that the gold price doesn’t behave like a free and open market commodity should. It rises and falls at the wrong times, it falls very quickly, the falls are closely correlated to the NYSE openings (10.00 am), and the movements of gold internationally do not correspond to the declarations made by the countries involved.
Publishers present stories that lift up the readers…. and do everything in their power to create, develop, and maintain the crucial link between publisher and reader, creating prosperity for both.
I was very excited then, when a little over a year ago, I discovered the Cookbook Sundays event over at Brenda's Canadian Kitchen. Brenda is adorable, and like many of us she has a stack of cookbooks on her shelves doing little more than growing cobwebs. So she began the Cookbook Sundays event to get herself, and others, cooking out of those books that just never seem to get used. I used to really enjoy participating in this event, and it certainly did encourage me to use my cookbooks more.
And below is the press release from GW.
But I can tell you what I think are their best songs. The order is not an accurate 1-100. The no. 40 song might not be “better” than the no. 73 song. Surely, though, the favorites of my favorites will tend to be in the lower numbers. I assume the ones that will first come to mind are those that mean the most to me.
Nina Dobrev (WINNER)
The government says that I was obsessed with violence, obsessed with ”killing Americans.” But, as a Muslim living in these times, I can think of a lie no more ironic.
I am seeing small differences in my body but not enough for my old jeans to fit yet, unfortunately. These small changes we’ve been making to our eating habits do seem to be helping but as soon as my foot is healed, I’m ready to ramp up my efforts. I am super excited that Vita got Zumba for Kinect for us to try. I think that now that we’ve incorporated so many little changes to help us lose weight–smaller portions, healthier food, buddy system, etc.–it’s time to really devote more attention to increasing my physical activity beyond daily stretching.
Before They Are Hanged doesn't suffer from middle book syndrome; yes, there is a lot of set up and moving around, but it doesn't drag at all. It can by no means stand alone, however, without having read book one this won't be a satisfying read. Yet it is a great follow up to The Blade Itself and it ramps up expectations for the final book in this trilogy, Last Argument of Kings. Abercrombie's storytelling is addictive, once you've started the first book; you'll be hooked until you've read them all, which for me is the mark of a great writer!
It has been a journey that began all the way back in August 2009.
Snorkel the Great Barrier Reef
The varieties of household paint proliferate;
 Flemish Red Bines, such as Tolhurst and Canterbury Jack (the Shepherd Neame beer of this name does not contain any Canterbury Jack hops)
"Sure. When you're 60 that'll be reasonable."
Settling in for the night, Frenchy is on the far wall with Musher in the middle. They exchange barbs. Frenchy is rolling some leaf-like substance in thin paper, rolling it into a long, long cylinder. I brace myself for the onslaught of raw wisdom which I know is soon to follow.
As per usual upon returning from a cruise (and we've been on THREE now!), it's kinda hard getting used to not being waited on hand and foot, and to not having copious amounts of food and drink being shoved in your direction at all hours of the day and night. You'd be surprised how fast you can get accustomed to such kingly treatment.
Wow Embossing Powders - Suzy West Collection - Gummy Bear Green
Frank sits on the opposite side of the bed and examines Cheryl. Her SATS are low, and she breathes quickly, with a hungry little tug at her throat. She has a temperature of forty.
+ 190 km east of Auckland
Down to the river,
exhibit c:
I think Waura needs to pwactice what she pweaches in her watest book.
And, last, but certainly not least, my hubby, Captain America. He's just fantastic. I love him more than I can say. He's WONDERFUL with our children, and truly loves them. He wants to see them succeed, and will do what it takes to help them learn and be happy. He gives of himself to his family, his church, and his country. He's my hero! Love you, babe!
So why do we have so many guns floating around, and why are we so scared? There are several reasons why, but the most potent reasons are that the NRA wants to promote gun ownership (regardless of the consequences or type of gun), the companies that manufacture guns want to sell more guns, and the media wants something to sensationalize. It is time to ban handguns in this country. Handguns are made to kill people, and that is exactly what they’re doing. People are not only being empowered, but being encouraged to use them. “Taking back the streets” does not mean killing everyone. It means building a real community, so that neighbors know one another and watch out for one another, not kill one another. Let’s hope that the senseless death of Trayvon Martin will at least start a dialogue about the culture of fear and the stupidity of laws such as Florida’s (and several other states’) “Stand Your Ground”.
The third misperception is that romance novels are all about the sex. Porn for women. In my last book, As You Wish, the story is told in 306 pages. Of those, ten pages describe sex. That’s approximately three percent of the novel. And the rest is describing the characters’ clothing. Just kidding. There is an actual story. (I know. You’re shocked.) Depending on what type of book you pick up, the level of sensuality and the amount of sex will vary from having events occur behind closed doors to explicit erotic romances. And besides, what’s wrong with sex?
Yet as Barack Obama recognized in his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech, “Force can be justified on humanitarian grounds, as it was in the Balkans.”
Date: Wednesday 15th JUNE 2011
Not only does it strike me as notable that these crime rates declined at the same time that Texas' incarceration rate has been declining (the prison population has remained steady the past few years while the overall population has grown tremendously), but property crime rates declined substantially despite the recession, calling into question the link between theft and unemployment/poverty. Even family violence incidents went down 1.6%, though with the economy on the fritz and the population growing you might expect the opposite result.
The column looks curiously out of place today, even if the Bourse de Commerce that blankets it was designed in a similar classical style. It looks like an extravagant chimney, or a rather absurd decorative feature, but given this, it is still easy to overlook it in the congested landscape of Les Halles.
Now this is where we stay
The fear was palpable, but so was her sudden clarity.
On a recent superb documentary about JRR Tolkien's Catholicism (yes I watched it - thanks Stuart!) we were warned that the palantir which presented twisted and evil facts to Denethor leading him to be demoralised, surrendering to evil and ultimately taking his own life, was akin to (and translated directly into English as) television.
Pretty much all I know about Spain comes from a weekend in Barcelona, so some of the longer explanations and background were necessary. Webster brought the city to life and I’m tempted to say that Valencia may have to go on my list of places to visit, although probably not during Fallas.
I also had some smaller bits and pieces that cluttered my cupboards with mostly empty boxes and packaging. Not only were they not pretty, but it's also pretty darn hard to know when you're almost out of corstarch when it's hiding in the back of your cupboard inside a solid cardboard box. I thought a better slution would be tupperware (ok not Tupperware, but to go containers not made by the Tupperware corporation but still called tupperware by most of the population), but didn't want the blue lidded variety that just scream disposable! At the same dollar store, I scored 10 clear plastic stackable lunch containers for $2. Yup. They were perfect and just what I had in mind! Granted, they aren't super dee duper leak proof so I would never actually use these for storing leftovers in the firdge, but for what I needed them for, perfecto!
This is exciting stuff.
You notice on the notes that afterward we made it to Twain's, a brewpub in the area. I was forcing the issue a bit as I wanted to make sure I hit the last brewpub in the metro area I hadn't had. Not on the page is the Russian Imperial Stout I had at Twains.
UPDATE (2): 30th September, 2011. For a superbly detailed report of yesterday’s transactions and what it means for Maybourne’s debt and equity, I’d recommend a read of Mike Phillips report in today’s Property Week.
What he is really saying is: we don’t have concrete demands because we are not interested in changing the world, we are interested in finding a way to live where we can more fully ignore it. Occupy provides a meeting place and testing ground for would-be communards. The Scriptonite blog perhaps puts it best:
But I guess at the end of the day nothing beats word of mouth for getting yourself a new job. And so, 6 months and 1 day later I am gainfully employed and it's in exactly what I want to build experience in. Life was so good yesterday and now it's even better.
I worked steps 1 through 5 like a pro this weekend. But I won't lie, step 6 got me fresh mulch, weeds trimmed, new flowerbeds AND a barbecue dinner.
Real embarrassment is what humans suffer when they are caught doing something totally at variance with their public image. Here are two recent examples:
I shall just have to eschew those ambitions for another year.
Great contention arose over water rights in the summer of 1886, the fall of 1886 and the summer of 1887.
If I extend my hand, will you never let go?
So, I hope you will check out the new blog, and continue to follow me as I post about our homeschooling, family life, field trips and a whole bunch of new stuff!
She turns to see a large central terminal, a circular table with deep red light glowing from a central shaft reaching up to the canopy of the ceiling. The table has a multitude of transparent structures, rigidly carved and jutting from both top and bottom surfaces of the tabletop. Just slightly to the right of the central shaft, she sees the woman, basking in the radiance. She looks at the woman carefully, and notes something about her; a face she thinks she’s seen somewhere before.
***WARNING! ADULT SITUATIONS AHEAD!***
Hear them jingling as She dances in the night sky?
The fears pile up.
Can’t you see?
For those smitten with smiles & wrinkle free ties Merseybeat pop crispness meet the dirty & frayed cuff and scarred southern charm of his previous records need not fret. The sound of the men are gone just in name and, with the addition of the occasional electric piano/organ blips and doubled up guitar interplay, the songs sound a bit more fortified and beefed up (in a good way) than on previous outings.
I had a tough choice to make, and after talking with my wife decided on the more long term job. I don't mind too much, I get to see my kids everyday, I enjoy being home, I was able to experience this awesome NW hot summer; but I still have a lot of regret. I was handed my dream job, and literally the kind of experience that I dream about. It was amazing.
QR code haircuts
Even if I knew he was right, I wasn’t about to back down.
5.) Jajita, Jingjing, Jajing
Therefore, some activities that may raise a disclosure bar in the United States, such as offering an embodiment of the invention for sale, do not necessarily cause a problem in Canada unless the activity makes the invention available to the public. Similarly, there are activities that may pose a novelty problem in Canada but not in the U.S., such as a public use or sale outside the United States that results in the subject matter of the invention becoming available to the public.
1/2 cup fire-roasted corn
I also touched on a few mini-projects.
all these blogs are amazing in their own way. some are purely fashion, some strictly baking, others are about animals, many are a vivid mix- but one thing is for certain- they all are a beautiful, inspirational, informative and entertaining read!
“In all, this is one of those novels that bookshops must hate: not hard enough to be spec fic, not weird enough to be fantasy, too realistic for the humour section and yet too humorous to shelve easily with the lit fic. And that, I suspect is going to prove to be its charm; for those who do read it, it's a singular take on the world, and it will either resonate with you or leave you cold. … But I can recommend that you try it—if you like distinctive fiction that rings no bells and blows no whistles but creeps up on you with its absurdities, this book will satisfy you, as it did me.”
But I get scared. I wanted so much more for myself.
My musical career never came to anything. I practised and practised but all I could do was efficiently strum chords. I wanted to be a guitar wizard. Instead I was a prototype tube station busker, blowin’ in the wind, would never have made a fortune out of it in a million years.
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 413 MB
"What???? You shopped AGAIN????" Vackie exclaimed.
“Looks like a fire,” said Hermel.
Leave me a message with your daughter's name, age and YOUR email address if you are interested in participating in this project- you can also email the info if you would rather michellebrownlow@yahoo.com
TIP #10
Heyya! This morning I'm up bright and early to get me some Badger football tickets. They go on sale at 7:30, but knowing how I hate being in a rush, I woke up at 6 to get my morning routine straightened out before I settled into my competitive seat infront of my laptop. Basically, there are only enough tickets for a puny amount of the students, so competition is FIERCE. I'm feeling especially competitive because last year, I was late by about 30 seconds and didn't get any -- I ended up buying them for double the price from a grad student off craigslist. Yeah, rather not have to do that again!
and I will make them good as new.
○ Noah Calls Stephanie – Deleted
In a large, heavy skillet (I like cast iron) heat oil over medium-high heat . Whisk in the flour and stir constantly with a whisk until roux turns a medium brown. If using browned flour, it will be light brown instantly. Use a flat paddle or wooden spoon to continue stirring the roux until it turns a medium to dark chocolate brown. You might have to turn the heat down a bit toward the end. Keep the roux moving scrapping from the bottom especially toward the end when the darker coloration is forming. Be careful not to burn the roux, it should take about 20-30 minutes to reach the desired color. If the roux starts smoking, remove skillet from heat stirring all while until it settles back down. Reduce heat and continue to cook. If the flour and oil separates, you have ruined your roux. It should be smooth when finished.
One thing that I learned while reading about remediation and from finding the other websites on the topic is that the two concepts of remediation (immediacy and hypermedicy) are contradictions of one another. Although the common goal of both concepts is the same (trying to re-create an authentic peice of media so that it seems more real than before) they are acheived different ways. Immediacy attempts to present information and media to a reader or user in ways that it will make them forget about the medium in which the original form existed or the medium that was used to present the information. Hypermediacy is the concept of reminding the user or reader of the medium by which the authentic or orginal version exists, therefore providing an opportunity to allow immediacy.
For over a century, the Convent at Mount St. Gabriel, a picturesque plot of land in the highlands of Peekskill, NY, was home to the Community of St. Mary. From its humble beginnings in 1872 in a clapboard farmhouse, the Convent soon grew into a multi-building complex with a full church, a school, and ample housing for both the Sisters and their charges. By 2003, when the convent moved to Greenwich, NY, the school had already been repurposed, but the Abbey proper, as well as the Chapel, remained vacant, as they have to this day.
Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe has hailed the benefits of a restaurant in Union Square, and an eatery has been mentioned as part of the plan since its initial announcement in 2004.
Blake: There is a new Burger King in Birmingham, and I’m not talking about the fast food chain adjacent to Chris Z’s in Lakeview.
The annular eclipse is better than the typical partial eclipse – which is still fascinating – but it is not the stunner that a total solar eclipse is. It is “annular” – the word means “ring shaped” – because the Moon is so distant from the Earth at the time of the eclipse that it is not quite large enough to totally cover the Sun and so there will be a ring of light – thus “ring of fire” – at “totality” which is probably better thought of as “mid-eclipse” since it won’t be total. The Moon will cover 94% of the Sun’s diameter, but that remain 6 percent will still generate a lot of light. It will be noticeably darker at any given location during those few minutes most of the Sun is covered, but it will not be nearly as dark as when there is a total eclipse.
& Immortal Technique
The doctor sigh softly. She looks at the manager.
Wait for It…!
Apparently around here if a person doesn't have the free time to treat his spouse it's a big deal. Or children, or anyone really. It's all a whole head of household thing. You want a job where you're important but you still have time. That explains Garrison's messed up schedule. I never know when he's going to be home. I guess that means he should be able to treat her to a meal every once in a while.
But one of the specialties where They are most often spoken of is in regards to the closing of small businesses. It is here, where the closings sometimes appear to be inexplicable, that their demise is attributed to the hand of a ubiquitous mysterious group called They.
I checked the times of the Red Arrow then went for a quick Half in the Red Lion, which I thought was a Wetherspoons but am not sure! Here I got to try a half of another of the blogosphere's most talked about ales, the Hawkshead Windemere Pale Ale at 3.5%, a delicious refreshing hoppy beer perhaps benefiting from it being a little cool in the warmth of the pub.
we try to solve our problems with lots of love & patience.
4. D-Squared from B.D.P Co-Produced some of the tracks
Running time (of viewed version): 5:41
I’ve learned so many lessons from my own kids and the kids I serve each Sunday. I’m so fortunate that in children’s ministry, I’ve been blessed with so many “teachers” under the age of 12 who are pouring into my life and helping me become more and more like Christ. I hope that you’re able to take a moment and reflect on some of the things that the kids in your life have taught you.
Left Back: (WS) Facing, sk 6sc and rejoin in next
There are many reasons you will never regret investing a pair of wireless TV headphones. Once you know what to look for, and what benefits they can bring, you’ll realize you can’t live without them!
Meal Included: Breakfast
8. Being Trusted are Give . if you giving somebody , you will be recive back .
I have recently been informed that Monsanto, the bane of heirloom and organic gardeners and farmers, acquired Seminis back in 2005 and may or may not also now own some of your other suppliers. I realize that your plants are not GMO but if Monsanto continues to buy up legitimate firms with no backlash then, not only will they continue to grow, make millions and continue to buy out heirloom firms, they will also very likely start to close down heirloom seeds altogether. I have zero faith and trust in Monsanto and I do not wish to support Monsanto in any form or fashion and am actually pretty upset that I have at least one of the products that Monsanto owns growing in my container garden. I got these plants because they had your label and I am hoping that there is some way to resolve this. I hope that you are able to reconsider selling Seminis and make sure that no other suppliers have been tainted by that monstrosity called Monsanto.
Kudos to this series, for keeping so many balls in the air at once. I've a feeling that this Series' finale is going to be epic - so far we have three main story ARCs (see what I did there?!) there's the riddle that is Ethan. Then there's the sinister beardiness of Philip Burton. And finally there's mysterious Gideon, who seems nice but a bit mad and driven at the same time - I guess imminent death can do that to a person. Whether all of these elements can be explained into the finale? Perhaps not. More likely, some things will get resolved and others will become the central concern of Series 5.
We all love CDBaby. These are the guys who are making music from independent artists available on a global scale. They have a huge range of excellent music. It's all very searchable by style and band name and similar artists. The site has just had a reworking a rebranding and a re-launch. It looks great.
Tuesday: Sloppy Tom's
Work, just work for me
my muse is on my shoulder, but I am done trying to persue her
I am slowly dying…
Good morning all. I hope you had a great weekend, they always seem to fly by so fast in a blink of an eye.
Antony Bologna is a fascist and a sadist. The only good thing to come out of this is that he sprayed three of his own men. Now that’s what I call instant karma.
It's about damn time, Mos Def. His debut collaboration with Talib Kweli, Black Star, is incredible, and his first solo record, Black on Both Sides, was similarly phenomenal. That was over ten years ago, however, and Mos Def stumbled around for a couple records before finding his footing again. Mos's half-slurred delivery never obscures his gift for wordplay and rhyme, particularly in the brief but brilliant "Wahid," where he indulges without considering if what he's saying makes any sense: "Cash and carry, legendary Sagittarius, style's wary/ And it's very necessary, get it clearly/ Never scary, barely worried, bright and early/ Bald head, straight or curly, mundane other worldly." While Mos's lyrics and precise flow carries the record, the dense production is stellar, ranging from psychedelic guitars to samba funk to Caribbean beats. The Ecstatic is Mos Def's apology to us for having lost interest in rap as he shifted focus to his acting career. Apology accepted.
A small picture hanger was nailed to the top center and a couple hot glue bumpers were attached to the bottom corners to protect my wall.
I think, we've fared, my heart and I.
I do pretty well at this at work. Work can be remarkably frustrating. Even before my recent epiphany, I think I'm pretty well known for being a generally happy, easy to get along with, and joy filled kind of person in my workplace.
The temperature is falling, partly from cold air being blown in, and partly because the lake effect clouds are thickening up as the day goes on. I did see a tree limb come crashing down into the swamp with a big splash, but I was too slow on the draw to catch it falling.
Yes, I do.
So, if I eat a lot or feel like I ate too much, I'll make sure to work it off....
Caramelised apple / custard cheesecake / malted walnut crumble / rhubarb compote jelly
My heroes? Elven princes and paladins and spirit healers. The odd werewolf or two.
The average Shoparound quote across the market, based on the five cheapest premiums from a range of insurers, dropped by 1.1% from £1,144.64 to £1,132.24 between January and 31 March 2012, and the same criteria applied to price comparison sites revealed a 4.3% fall in price.
The nose is a rather subdued peppery aroma, mixed with the sweetness of a Belgian. There is vague notion of sourness, though it is obvious there is a high level of complexity here.
The “peace-maker” is actually a persona I see in others more than in myself. They try so hard to fix things to keep the peace that they actually end up creating more problems in the long run. They cover up others faults to make things better, but in the long run those things have to come out and the lies that hid them create new problems.
Why? Well, it's not about health, in the narrow sense of the word. I'm not trying to lower my blood pressure or cushion my cortisol spikes or drain my lymph. It has to do with tenderness and respect, with protected spaces, with wordless friendship. It's about touch.
“Oh and that also applies to being pale and/or over the age of forty. Just don’t do it.” Jeez. And I thought I was the curmudgeon. “Smart move,” he added of my skirt hue. “Had you gone for orange or lime, it could have been iffy.” Iffy?
fish sauce (nam pla)
1 disappeared
$2.00 off any LISTERINE WHITENING Rinse
Pelting beads of liquid bliss
“We got independence during 1957, and currently it’s 2010 … so … ”
One reason for aspartame and neotame’s potential to cause weight gain is because phenylalanine and aspartic acid – the two amino acids that make up 90 percent of aspartame and are also present in neotame — are known to rapidly stimulate the release of insulin and leptin; two hormones that are intricately involved with satiety and fat storage. Insulin and leptin are also the primary hormones that regulate your metabolism. So although you’re not ingesting calories in the form of sugar, aspartame and neotame can still raise your insulin and leptin levels. Elevated insulin and leptin levels, in turn, are two of the driving forces behind obesity, diabetes, and a number of our current chronic disease epidemics.
14 Tbsp Fresh Cream
and see what skeletons fall out of your closet. – By Olujoba
My husband and children love sloppy joes, so I was really nervous to make this entirely vegetarian version for them! Hence, this recipe was loosely inspired by a recipe from "The Vegetarian Slow Cooker" by Judith Finlayson. I highly recommend this book if you are looking for vegetarian recipes and easy slow-cooking to boot--lots of recipes using fresh, nutritious ingredients unlike many of the vegetarian cookbooks I have searched through. Not a bunch of exotic ingredients you will spend a boatload on and/or never use again either. Many recipes are going to take some prep before you can dump them in the slow cooker, but so do most of my traditional slow cooker fares.
Blake: And how do you know?
Stephen made an astounding statement in Acts 7:48.
a little self flashing behind the veil of soapy film.
 2nd Grade – Create and design buttons to promote eating foods from
Curtis will also be involved with a number of the chapel choirs at the University of Cambridge. Some colleges Mr. Kettler might get to work with are King’s College, Trinity College and/or Claire College.
Your points are well taken. Let me direct your attention, however, to some factors you may have overlooked. First, while chocolate bars can be eaten without a knife, many of life's more satisfactory alfresco delicacies are intractable--even inaccessible--unless you have one. Candy never relieves the monotony of long family car trips half as well as an impromptu dispensation of sausages and cheese. Pepperoni, touristenwurst, landjaeger, cervelat, salami--name what you like--any of them, thrown whole into the back seat along with Daddy's pocketknife, will provide more wholesome diversion than chocolate ever could. If you children are contentious, of course, it will tend to bring out the worst in them. But then, with contentious children, so will anything else. At least it keeps them fighting with each other, and not with their parents.
Enough of my crap, back to reality.
Most recently, my brother's truck broke down (18wheeler) in Fresno on a Friday, giving him the whole weekend to stay with us and visit! So I set aside well-made plans and enjoyed his company...we don't get to see him often. Oh, and then there was Easter weekend when, in addition to the festivities of Easter, we were planning on gutting my closet, laying bamboo flooring and building new shelves, rods, etc. with the help of Home Depot product and hubby sweat...and then got a short-notice invite to celebrate my cousin's birthday (on Easter Day this year) in Phoenix...see the trend here?
The brutal killing is thought to have been related to a dispute over money.
I remember being pleased with my time last year, so I was very pleased today to take about 25 seconds off it. And the key to my success? Well, it's a number of things.
lots of room to write. Now I don't know about you, but if
Carving up the Thanksgiving turkey...
This is such a sweet card! I love how simple it is, and yet says so much!
WWE gives us a 9/11 video that talks about 2 days later after the tragedy, WWE put on the first TV show with Smackdown. Strangers unite as one. This is narrated by John Cena.
I was a little disappointed with these. We should have gone with the Whole Wings instead of the Party Wings because these were not quite as plump and juicy. While the seasoning had a great flavor, it was a bit too salty for my tastes. Amazingly, this didn’t really stop me from eating my fair share of these wings.
I'm only on like page 57 or something totally lame like that.
At the end of his investigation, Heston discovers that “SOYLENT GREEN IS PEOPLE!!!”. That’s one way to feed an overcrowded population. Kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. And, Edward G. Robinson, in his last movie, commits suicide and presumably gets eaten.
Call your yourself democratic
I have reached no conclusions, have erected no boundaries,
and since we love paul frank and his monkey julius, it was an easy decision.
LABELING! I feel like the #1 organizational tip any teacher needs is to LABEL EVERYTHING. That print enriches your Kinder's vocabulary and if you add pictures to your print, it makes it even better! I plan on adding pictures to my supply buckets- I just haven't yet.
And now for something completely different. (sorry)
Lord, we thank you for showing us the Light, for you are the Way, the Truth and the Life. Help us to know You, to follow You, to serve You.
"Now, one day the trumpet of the guard announced the arrival of a magnificent carriage. It was a giant, who was reputed to be a great hunter, and this giant had a blue beard. He accepted hospitality, as was the custom. The girl was presented to him, and he pleased the capricious child. The marriage was celebrated the following day and the ather gave a hunting party in which the son-in-law distinguished himself.
ok that is a lie, I made him take us out), do laundry, pack his lunch for tomorrow, clean up the house, shower and get the kids ready for bed, My day off is over, I am tired. I was hoping to knock out a good half of the second book in the Hunger Games series today but with how I feel I will probably go fall asleep watching Once Upon a Time. I hope I can at least plot my revenge in my dreams.
Jessica Chastain – in Alexander McQueen
Bakuman 167-168 (21:19 – 27:09)
It speaks about excess and decadence and public figures who have been reaching unashamedly for that -- even when confronted they're not embarrassed.
CBS’ Tom Fornelli notes the neat thing about this new logo:
Here are my little ones on their first day of school....
He read the next; the grin grew broad,
All the Christmas wishes are sent, so I have made a Scrapbook Layout.
5) Make into 1 inch size balls and roll them in 1/4 cup sugar. Place them 2" apart in a cookie sheet lined with baking mat or parchment paper.
by J. L. Venson
This nice looking older lady is probably listening to some Andrea Boccelli, or Irish Tenors, right? I mean she looks like she's thoroughly enjoying it and it must be relaxing or moving since she has her eyes closed. Plus, look at the way she has her hands pressed on her earphones... like she just cannot get enough of the music.
2) If you're pale like me, DO wear a bit of blusher and definitely some lippy
This book is utterly ridiculous. It’s a great example of modern American kitsch. It takes all the sleazy ploys of American entertainment, and applies them to celebrate the lowliest aspect of modern civilization: secret societies, and all the pseudo-spiritual accoutrements of occultism.
I have no idea what is up with me doing this? I'm majorly letting myself down in the dependable department.
I ate lunch at the D&S Southern Comfort BBQ in Carlsbad Springs: a succulent Rueben Sandwich, with decent fries, a pickle and coleslaw. Sitting in a booth in a nearly empty restaurant, I slipped off my running shoes and wriggled my toes deliciously until the feeling returned to them. I looked out the window as I sipped my coffee, and could see the fog lifting and breaking into hazy tendrils below a glorious blue sky. Contemplating the nascent ache in my thighs and... umm... other regions (those in contact with the bicycle seat), I considered whether I should return to Bearbrook and the geese, or continue homeward along Russell Road. The blue sky and promise of birds won me over.
I then mentioned the Poop and Boogies blog to Lisa and gave her my card. I could see either a hint of fear or recognition in her eyes as she read it. She gave my mom three more bags of Herr's chips.
in briar and sage
Anarchists, on the other hand, should be right wing, since no government is the antithesis of a socialist or communist state. The so-called anarchists we see these days can't possibly be anarchists in the true definition of the word.
Five days after the president bid an emotional farewell to throngs of cheering supporters in Caracas, there was no official comment on his health. One senior government source told a Reuters reporter to be patient.
I am in my mid life and in my first year being a teacher, science teacher in a small school. Teaching 7th to 12th grade all science. Therefore am a bit overwhelmed and probably won’t post much on this blog. However would like to share fun finds from time to time. Today’s fun find is a quote website. That is were I found the following quote, click on it and it will take you to the site from where it came.
nolstuijt.wordpress.com/.../page/12/
Do not even get me started on your nails. Do you have to paint them? Do they really need it? Ok, well I tell you what you can do; you may paint them, however you are not to remove the nail varnish and repaint them unless you have a good twenty minutes or so.
When I was in college, I lived with my ex-husband (who was at the time my boyfriend) and along with going to school full-time and waiting tables five nights a week, I would pick up the occasional babysitting shift for my neighbor across the street. She was a nice enough lady, one of those hippie-ish types that ate a lot of granola and organic yogurt and unbeknownst to me liked to feed her baby beets---LOTS of beets. So one of the first times I babysat for her and went to change the kid's diaper, I opened the tabs and found what looked like a cross between massive hemorrhaging and a dump made by Barney. I completely freaked out...and you have to remember that this is before everyone and their mother was carrying a cell phone around 24-7, so I couldn't just call the woman up. I hosed the kid off in the kitchen sink and looked to see if he was bleeding still from any orifices and then called a friend who was in the nursing program at Sac State...at first she was concerned and then there was a pause and she said, "Wait! His sh*t is PURPLE? Do you know if his mom fed him beets?" I looked in the fridge and sure enough, after some digging around there was a Tupperware container of some sort of chunky dark purple vegetable jammed in the corner. Mystery solved...and the start of my beet enlightenment. For the longest time after that though, whenever I came across the words "beets" on a menu or a recipe, I'd cringe and remember that diaperful of glowing burgundy colored #2. It wasn't until about five or six years ago that I allowed myself to be talked into trying the vegetable in a simple roasted beet and goat cheese salad. Since then I've gotten over my aversion and have had beets prepared in numerous ways but this simple salad is still one of my favorite ways to eat beets.
19. drawing
There are some foods that just don't look pretty, but sure taste good. This is one of them. I guess you could call it a "Don't judge a book by it's cover" casserole. :)
With his years of church service, the majority of the book tells of his work in those religious responsibilities. But there is plenty of coverage of his early growing years, his professional life as a printer, and his involvement in other areas of community service.
University of Arizona Campus
The kitchen. This room worried me at first as it had so little natural charm, but I quickly came to appreciate it as a blank slate. As nothing was worthy of being retained, the sledge hammer came out very shortly after moving in.
It’s been raining here in London, and that’s made me pause in the process of putting up murals. Every day I go to the studio and look at the work as it sits there in the rain and I wonder when the rain will stop and I’ll go out again.
961 **D-III/20/1987. “Reading the Constitution.” Conference for College Teachers in Celebration of the Bicentennial of the Constitution, Loop College, Knickerbocker Hotel, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(10), above, pp. 373-81, and in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 740-47.)
Keith Block, M.D., is a conventional doctor and oncologist (cancer specialist) who is integrating many alternative practices into his cancer treatment center affiliated with the Chicago Medical School. His program seeks to provide individualized cancer treatment using both conventional therapies while integrating alternative healing techniques.
In order for glassware to be considered crystal it must contain lead oxide to give it an actual crystalline structure. This addition enhances the piece's brilliance and strength and also enables artisans to better work the molten material. The addition of lead also augments the cost of the item and the amount of time it takes to be manufactured.
The biggest present of all.
La Belle Bijoux
“Angelo Marc Jandugan, i guess when war happen and you and your family is the 1st to fly out of singapore. “your singapore”.. lol” – Marco Koh
There is no more important task before those responsible for ensuring the public health than addressing parental concerns about vaccination with better science and not with better press releases and more mandates.
The watch? I gave him that. As a present. He never took it from me and if he says he did I’ll crack his head open. Nobody gets one over on Bill Sikes. Not even the Artful Dodger.
That the soles of my feet would be callused steel
Looking back, too, I think the middle grade/junior high years are among the most awkward, yet are also in some ways the most interesting, which makes it very ripe for story. You’ve mastered grade school and being a “kid,” etc., and you’re now approaching the teenager thing and the first steps toward being a full-blown adult. It’s sort of a transitional, neither “fish nor fowl” phase and that’s always interesting.
You called. I thought I heard her voice. Wait a minute, it IS her voice – on your phone? But why? Why are you together? I thought… So I fell for it. That joke. You had me going. Can I be more stupid? Hah! You were both talking to me. I wasn’t paying attention anymore. I felt betrayed, toyed with. I lost it.
We have a plan for growth!
Your darkness surrounds me
I'll never forget stepping off that airplane. The heat, the humidity...I was HOME! I could feel my European dried skin instantly moisturizing...could feel my chapped lips plumping up again. I'm a Texas-grown girl, and my soul said...you are HOME! Then I couldn't get through customs fast enough!
One of the pros of the Panasonic TC-P58S1 is its picture quality. In fact, this is the main reason why it is worth considering. Its black levels are particularly impressive, as expected of a Plasma, which, in turn, leads to impeccable shadow detail, more saturated colors and sharper and more realistic images overall. True, its colors may not be too accurate, but this is a problem which plagues most Panasonic Plasma sets, and isn’t too obvious unless you’re a videophile.
Of course there is the odd detail that reminds me: a fascination with peacock feathers, which I share, and with extremely dilapidated houses, which I don’t. Bad Blood, her previous spooky novel, was inspired by a friend’s house we had stayed in up in the Lake District, but Rhiannon made it much shabbier than it really is, with a kind of creeping decrepitude that gave the novel its original title of “Blight.” The last time we stayed in the Lake District house it had been given quite a makeover and was really impressively smart.
Note that we are destroying our own freedom in our kneejerk reaction to terrorism. Nobody will ever hijack an airplane with a knife again in America. The passengers, now knowing what will happen, will stop it. Yet we get the TSA demanding that we turn over our toothpaste and be registered into their “terrorist databases”. This is non-sense. The Patriot Act’s National Security Letter search warrants were created to give government the “tools they need to fight terror”. However these are now being used to search for any and every case from looking for drugs to busting illegal gambling operations. It clearly breaks the 1st and 4th amendments of the Constitution.
‘Get involved. Be aware. Respect the earth that has made us and sustained us all along, which is your greatest investment.’
Her fasting and bodily mortification were written off as religious concerns: perhaps overzealous, but nonetheless inspired. And yet 21st-century psychologists would diagnose her with anorexia nervosa.
The twirled ribbon is from a swap, it's lovely..
But in the words of headliner Blake Shelton
When some friends of ours came to visit our brand new baby, they asked me what it was like. I was depressed and overwhelmed and far too honest with how I felt about everything than I should have been. I told them that it was, for me, a far more serious commitment for me than my marriage was. I explained that, although I hate the idea of divorce, that will always be an available option as long as I'm married. I'm never stuck being married no matter how much it may feel that way because if I want, I can choose divorce. When I chose to keep the zygote so many months earlier, and to do my best to help it develop into a healthy baby that I'd then manage to eject from my vagina, I chose to make a commitment I never thought I was capable of making.
Only councillors Gloria Kovach and Bob Bell dissented as council backed the new downtown secondary plan on an 11-2 vote.
May 1 this year is a scene of struggle for the liberation of the Palestinian people, as we mark the struggle of the Palestinian national movement of prisoners who continue an open-ended hunger strike in defense of their rights, to stop the brutal racist abuses of the occupation authorities and its prisons against them. Our pioneering Palestinian working class is contributing the largest share in the national democratic and social struggle, standing with all of its strengh alongside the struggles of prisoners on hunger strike, in order to achieve their demands to end solitary confinement, isolation and the “Shalit law,” and the resumption of visits so as to maintain their human dignity, on the road to liberation from the occpation. The process of Palestinian liberation will never reach its national, democratic or social goals without the direct involvement and effective leadership of the Palestinian working class in the struggle for national liberation, for freedom and national self-determination.
I was asked the question as to the average capital tied up on each trade. At 50:1 leverage, my average capital tied up per microlot is a bit light of $35. So, when I target a $5 profit per microlot it is a 14-15% return on actual utilized captial. However, I never have all my capital tied up in margin, so actual returns on total account is far less.
因为，我们深深
“Sir, basically I wish to gain the knowledge and skills required to be a global manager in today’s dynamic world where businesses are changing rapidly with the environment. “
Inevitably couples form familiar eating routines. For example, if we have a can of mixed nuts on hand, I’ll get all the varieties which don’t appeal to my husband. As I pick out the brazil nuts or the pecans, I’ll tell him I never met a nut I didn’t like…which is why I married him. His retort is never PG 13, so let’s draw the curtain over his inevitable guy-type response, the one where he always sounds like his brother or Dave Barry imitating Ice T.
In the same building, you have some Franciscan robes on display, because they were the ones who originally ran the mission. Now, it’s run by the Diocese of San Diego.
I don't want her to grow up. It seems however, that she has other ideas.
If you are interested, please let me know (e-mail or comments section is fine) which letter you would like!
As a result, many SEP’s in New York have been working to institute a peer delivery model that allows for current, generally more “stable” users to provide services to others as an extension of the SEP program. Since the idea of any type of SEP can still be very controversial in certain locations, PDSE is seen as an even larger “What the fuck?” to those who don’t understand the concept and the opportunities it provides. PDSE doesn’t just allow for SEP to penetrate the IDU community further, but also allows for former or present users who want to make a difference the chance to do so.
CF: I wouldn’t change any of the stories, because I think as a series of stories they play well together. The changes I would make are more aesthetic. I would have uploaded the episodes through YouTube from the start. Yes, it would have meant splitting them in half, but with the quality you get it is more than worth it. ARNIE Series 1 has proved that and indeed I shall be uploading Series 2 of Christel Doctor Who through YouTube. I would also change the subtitles in the first few episodes, as they took a while to get right and I can’t help but worry that it took away a little from the storytelling side of things.
It’s also where things start to get a bit personal.
Smart and Delicious 100 Calorie Products $1/2 - expires 12/30/2011
And now I must be going and adding the finishing touches to the new website!
When the day is done
Now bring on Mother's Day! Always a great day, isn't it?
Sculptures from the weird world of the Shifflett Brothers....
Here are a couple of pics showing the port deck and the wood work to be done. Note the nice cleat, but how am I going to “spring” her with out wearing the woodwork. The openings are looking harsh for rope. Something to discuss in the future.
In The Dark Divine, her family is a huge part of her life, but they let her down in The Lost Saint. One scene in particular made me indignant on her behalf, when her (oft absent and extremely secretive) father scolds her for being "self-absorbed." Rash? Irresponsible? Dishonest? Check, check, check. Selfish? Not so much. She develops a bad habit of lying and The Lost Saint contains a lot of secrets and fibs; if everyone had been honest, the story would be a lot less painful (lying is a plot-killer for me), if a good deal shorter.
A Norwegian newspaper called Dagens Næringsliv exposed the fact that the largest “anti-racist” organization in the country, SOS Rasisme, was heavily infiltrated by Communists and extreme Leftists. They infiltrated the organization in the late 1980s and early ’90s, in other words, during the downfall of Communism in Eastern Europe. They went directly from Communism to Multiculturalism, which should indicate that at least some of them viewed Multiculturalism as the continuation of Communism by other means. It speaks volumes about the close connection between economic Marxism and cultural Marxism. They just have different means of reaching the same ends.
I’m counting the days!
JD: The Devil has power. Many people believe he exists. Some say they have met him.
I go there
It's our old friend, Henry the Hateful Hummingbird. Remember, he came in with last month's storm. He was only here for two days. Then the weather warmed up and he went away.
It is fascinating to see Cape Town’s newspapers start the conversation around sex work/prostitution and sex trafficking, and I am impressed by journalists who are willing to go the extra step to investigate what really goes on. I just hope they will also be willing to address the fact that their own places of employment are financially benefitting from the advertisements of these brothels, and of course, I hope they will consider changing their language to properly represent this issue.
Dylan scanned the immediate area and the deserted highway beyond. The rocks and fallen trees provided endless hiding places.
when i was 14 i wanted a boy named robbie
Finally, before my fingers drop off or Tavis gets impatient, tonight’s picture:
If there's no more water in the well, it doesn't matter how long you stand there with the tap wide open waiting for more water--it's all gone!
Soooo many people RSVPed to your birthday party. We are 17 kids and 30 adults. It’s crazy!
THE SUGAR BOWL#81~ THEME STRIPES/PLAID
I know I am not posting as often as I used to, and not even commenting as often either, but I do try and get around to read everyone's blogs when I can.
ANDREWS N. The flu … and you. Dent Assist 2006; 75: 4-9.
More details to follow.
To help the butterflies stand in the bottle (and also to give it a bit more weight) I put clear acrylic pieces you can find in the floral section of the craft store... I can't remember what they are called but they look like Dew Drops.. into the bottle.
And the brown of the paper
Should men help out around the house or should they absorb some responsibility. Zig Ziglar thinks “…there is a significant difference in taking responsibility and offering to help”.
Next up, if the Lord will, Arminianism. I’m looking forward to that one!
Me and my sister ALWAYS dance and listen to Christmas music. Our family loves Christmas music!
I do remember being all over the place. Today I have faith everything will be alright. No matter what happens, I have a place of serenity; I know how to find support and comfort. Mostly, I can mind my own business.
? Springsteen Tune With Christain Singing
The analysers are jammering on about there not being a female director nominated this year. Oh, well, get over it.
Colossal Volume Express Mascara
Now I can combine my summer TV laziness with my current viewing habits and share my feelings on some Deron McBee movies with you, my loyal handful of subscribers!! Thanks to The Gentlemen's Guide to Midnite Cinema, I realized that Malibu just wasn't a dude that was really good at shooting tennis balls at people and bludgeoning with oversize q-tips, but an actor in quite a few movies... even starred in a couple... and most just seem right up my alley. I'll be discovering literally ALL of this as I go along.
* Went to Witchapalooza at Gardner Village
There is no one in this life or on this earth that has had more of an influence on me than my mother.
The power of story-telling is key. Good schools immerse children in stories from a young age, and this is a good way of presenting the world in which they live. Through fairytales we can deliver morals and values, and as they get older we can introduce more complex emotions, dilemmas and conflicts. Good examples are Malorie Blackman’s Noughts and Crosses saga or David Almond’s Skellig or Mark Haddon’s Curious Incident of The Dog in the Night – each of which seek to expand and challenge young adult readers’ perspective on the world.
HEAT oven to 425°F.
The short answer? You don’t.
Sara is actively building her list with a focus on middle grade and young adult, in particular, dystopian, science fiction, fantasy, and unique paranormal. She also enjoys contemporary stories with a strong, authentic voice (but no chick-lit, please). She has a particular soft spot for anything in the Deep South (sweet contemporary to dark paranormal), gritty contemporary, utilitarian dystopias or dystopian thrillers, anything with international locales or period settings (think flappers or "Mad Men"), and anything with artistic themes. Sara is also looking for standout picture books and select nonfiction.
For this page, I used my die cutting machine to cut a pattern of circles out of cream colored cardstock, then filled in some of the negative space with punched circles. I used patterned papers from Oh Happy Day, Splendor and Country Charm.
This is something that should be looked into after Merck and Glaxxo recently discovered that not only did they not know that the PCV I or II were in their vaccines, but still do not know the ramifications of that retrovirus on the future health of our children.
Oh those flats are really calling me, what a steal! I also need those cone heels. I really do not have hot black heels - well ones in which I can walk. (The others are most definitely taxi shoes).
10. She's absolutely fearless and determined, ready to fly at any given notice.
How does this tie into 2012 Enlightenment?
1 fled
My response: boycott North Carolina.
You remember that recipe?
I am going to be honest, we are not very good at playing games on any sort of a regular basis. At the moment, our games are stacked on a self in a room that no one goes in, so the old saying, "Out of sight, out of mind" applies there.
Mutter mutter mutter. Am I ever glad God is more patient with self-absorbed people than I am. Also that weather didn’t stop Him getting the BroFam here safely and without even a dramatic-yet-boring story of plane delays which are familiar fare when one travels in the winter between the Midwest and the Northeast.
1) YG in the blueberry patch.
Oh my heart just breaks writing these words and I can't help crying. They had NO money and I think the older boy was trying to buy food for them. Why didn't I open my judgemental heart and truly SEE?
Such a stance reeks of hypocrisy. The Canadian government emerged as a vehement and active supporter of NATO military intervention in Libya supposedly in support of human rights. It is also prominent among the Western powers slapping sanctions on Syria – again supposedly out of concern for human rights.
And just for my two cents’ worth on the iPad, it is pretty amazing – like an iPhone on ecstasy really. Books have pages that turn, drawing tools that immediately sucked me in, and the maps app powered by Google could have you lose track of time wandering a virtual earth.
Police in Daytona Beach Florida says two teenagers are facing charges after 911 dispatchers heard them talking about breaking into cars when one teen’s cell phone accidentally called 911 during a heist.
I keep staring at the box, wondering if my eyes were bigger than my eyes. Everything I read said that the distance we would be viewing should work with this size, but again, I wonder. I am feeling rather conspicuously consumtive.
“Insecure people who won’t try are frustrating. Insecurity stagnates. Confidence explodes outward, fear implodes. There’s little success or progress apart from personal confidence.
My best advice to you is to lie. While I normally advocate honesty in relationships, this goes into the 'little white lie' category, not the 'whopper' classification. You're not claiming to have paid the mortgage when you actually bought several pairs of Manolos, nor are you claiming to be drafting a sales proposal on the computer when you are carrying on a cyber-affair. You are simply ensuring that you depart for social events on time in the most painless way.
David was chosen by God Himself, who even commit adultery and murder later. But, all those things turned to be “Beauty for Ashes”, as he repent before the Lord and the Lord restored Him, This is beautiful thing because God is beautiful. Paul too was a persecutor of Christians and even a Murderer, Peter too cut off the ear of the soldier, and denied Jesus 3 times. God is gracious and compassionate, He brings “Beauty out of Ashes”. God is Able to transform any person’s lives, He is able to transform your own life whatever it may be, and “Bring Beauty out of Ashes” into your life.
Simply Charmed - Birthday cake is 1 1/2".
One of the challenges on the Weekly Christmas Card Challenge group that I am part of was to create a Christmas card with Non Traditional colors. Also, I just happen to love the color combination from this week's The Playdate Cafe Challenge #116 - Plum, Pear and Moldy Cheese. So, here is my card combining both of these,
6So be very strong to keep and do whatever is recorded in the book of the law of Moses, not turning away from it to the right or to the left;
Hardcover: 304 pages
Elliot Fountain, Boston Borough Councillor.
Get your art! Mary made us stinkin' badges. Link to this post or one of Flo's.
To those who are still clueless, the island would be one of great immorality. A paradise and safe haven for others. With legalisation of one would mean legalisation of the other (not referring to drugs now) i.e. Hemp. Forget the sugar industry which is becoming worse and worse. Replace those cane fields with hemp and create a whole new industry down here with a lot of scope and possibilities for export…
Top with crumbled goat cheese (or not, your choice) and serve!
An important reason for the change is health-related. With several toxins
And we are now entered for the Sunday show in Ponoka so I guess I better ride today and we have a lesson tomorrow with Doug. Which is good cause everytime I go for a lesson and get to work cows, I remember why I do this. Nothing else even compares to the feeling when its going good and the feeling like the cow will never get past us :) So I guess I better practice so I can work more cows.
Now my boy looks at me
8 fact
The kids backchat.
We decide to have a picnic on the deck. Miss A, Blue Monkey and Black Rat find a "Big Kids Table".
BLEAMY’S CORNER is not the story of a hero. It is the story of a young boy who does what almost any young boy would do: fights for his right to survive. BLEAMY’S CORNER is a story of triumph, and throughout all of Jeremy's struggles, he holds onto the one thing no one can take away from him: his ability to smile.
1) Stars by Hum - from "You'd Prefer An Astronaut"
This year ended w/the National Anthem and that was my “athletic supporters” time to go. They offered words of encouragement and support and headed to the hotel to get my support items and the Jeep so they could see me around Mile 6. I moved into the center of the street/crowd and hung out.
So dining in appears to be a win win! I don't mean to brag.. but from French Toast to homemade gravy, I can make an awesome tasting breakfast and.. can do it for pennies to boot.
So they exit the play to the left
This is best done after your meditation practice.
My grandmother was celebrating her 82nd birthday and I wanted to create a beautiful card for her.
3. Glimpse into the trademarks for the phrases “hydrogenated” or “partially hydrogenated”. The earlier look them appear as a list, the larger the amount of unfavorable trans-fat fatty acids the food can contain.
Tom (Nicky Henson) has pretty much got life in the 70s sorted, he’s a child of privilege with a big fancy house, George Sanders as a butler and Beryl Reid as his mum, he is also, as any self respecting upper middle class child would be in the 70s, the leader of the local group of rowdy toughs who make up the notorious (by the standards of a small, predominately upper middleclass, rural village) biker gang The Living Dead. The Living Dead are cool. They care not for your stuffy old rules, granddad. They laugh in the face of society’s conventions with their customised skull helmets and their assortment of leather and denim that’ll make your old eyes bleed because it’s so out there and you can’t understand it because you’re so old and square. Yeah, they’re cool, and groovy, yes, they’re probably groovy too.
Fires make me perspire, too.
Engineering the Future
And feats they were. In addition to precision-timed dance routines and fencing demonstrations, the Hoffman Girls’ accomplishments on the stage included something called “webbing”, which I assume refers to the aerial gymnastics of the sort pictured here, in this shot of the original troupe at a dress rehearsal for Ziegfeld’s Follies:
Although the lion turned out pretty well too.
*Good quality refurbished furniture
What a difference a year makes…
There are virtual agents that each poker room has. They try to elevate the status of the poker rooms in numerous websites, catalogues and even the magazines. Rakeback affiliate has to do with the rakeback that emerged from competitions between affiliates that are supposed to get paid or where paid. This is how the entire rakeback process commences. Make sure you read reviews and ask around in order to avoid unscrupulous people. One has to be very cautious with the sites that are only after your money and waste your precious time as well.
“Past tense!” I raised my voice, “I changed my mind!”
Once the Judge discovers that Zvominir and Morgan can control the birds, he quickly employs them to clear the city of the flying creatures. Zvominir, desperate to give his son an easy life, sucks up to the Judge and performs daily walks through the city sending the birds away. His influence over them can only last for so long however, and within a few days the birds migrate back...
- Saw When in Rome, Psychedelic Furs, & DEVO(!!!) in San Antonio. When in Rome were better than expected. I expected utterly awful and it turned out rather cheezy. When When in Rome (ha! fun sentence construction) broke it down during their one hit "The Promise" so the singer could introduce the band I turned to mybloodyself and said, "I'm getting goosebumps. Of revulsion." Psych Furs were good, three original members and all their hits. I was surprised and pleased that they played "Dumbwaiters", an abrasive (well, abrasive for Psych Furs, I mean it wasn't Merzbow or anything) and punky song from their first album. Of course Devo were magnificent. It wasn't all that different from the show I saw in New York last year and yet it was better because I was crammed up against the stage (my choice, there was plenty of room) and spazz-dancing throughout. Three young guys near me had driven 14 hours from Memphis to see the show and I was impressed by both their committment and that Devo still inspires such devotion in dorkish college boys. Thank goodness I had a shirt to change into because I completely soaked the one I was wearing. Wheee!
The only craft item I managed to smuggle into our suitcase which was already over flowing was the crochet I started back in October when Tina was up here help celebrate Bubbles Birthday. It is a sentimental thing I guess. A way of keeping the memories of the times I miss and the people I love around me.
Most Reverend Barry C. Knestout
4) May is National Moving Month, in recognition of "the official start of the household goods industry's peak moving season." In celebration, I suggest you pick up an object, any object, in front of you and move it five inches. If you like, you can just spin your cursor around in little circles. That counts.
“Treasury Holdings is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr Richard Barrett and Mr John Ronan. Treasury Holdings is the ultimate corporate legal entity that owns, indirectly, all of the interest of THRE, the trustee-manager of TCT. TCT owns and operates the properties of TCT, through a number of project companies in the People’s Republic of China”
Obama that country singer kidnapping her child
Equally crazed “Betty In Bermudas/Dance The Froog” would follow later that summer, then “Stop Monkeyin’ Around/No No No,” but by December, Borisoff was gone (he’ll return in ’65 with the Northern Soul classic “1-2-3”) and the hits dried up. That same month, on the other side of the country, Portland’s Kingsmen would provide one last brilliant gasp of pre-invasion U.S. chart action before everything changed forever.
A new reality for Syria: "The ground under the Syrian regime is shifting rapidly, and relations with its precious few friends outside Iran have deteriorated dramatically. Perhaps none of these reversals in friendships has been as sudden and curious, but also as telling of the geopolitical flux underway, as the rift with Qatar."
The goal of any network marketer is to establish as many personal connections as possible. All the money in this business is made by connecting with people, directing them to a simply presentation and following up to collect a decision.
Mix cocoa and food coloring together and then add to sugar mixture - mix well.
Governing Innovation
around the edges
This was not the signal the aldermen were looking for.
Family matriarch Elizabeth Collins Stoddard (Michelle Pfeiffer) is the one person Barnabas entrusts with the truth of his identity. But his rather odd and anachronistic behavior immediately raises the suspicions of the live-in psychiatrist, Dr. Julia Hoffman (Helena Bonham Carter), who has no idea what kind of problems she’s really digging up.
OUT OF TOWN!
This is odd because Osama, when he was still alive, denied having had anything to do with 9/11 attacks on America. But, this time, not only he is claiming responsibility for the 9/11 crimes, he is making a back-to-back terrorism cross reference confirmation!
Immaculate: unable to utter a lie, unwilling to listen to the ego lying to the spirit. Something like that.
StazOn Jet Black ink
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed French onion soup
It started from the Seaworld carpark. Our bus dropped us off, and Discovery Cove offers complimentary shuttle from that park to theirs (it's all owned by Seaworld). I say complimentary but really, you pay for it all in the price. I'll let you know now the tickets cost me nearly £200 each. That's a days access to Discovery Cove plus unlimited access to Seaworld. Anyways, back to being picked up.
Jesphan sat for a moment longer, his gaze locked on his companion as if he could penetrate the dark secrets hidden away. Then, Jesphan merely tipped his head and moved for the path leading into the city. He uttered a sigh and hastily moved after him, grabbing the bulking pack and clumsily shifting it onto his back. Dust puffed up as their boots slapped the earth. Jesphan slipped his face wrap up around his nose and mouth as the dust gathered in a sudden breeze. There was nothing but dirt and dust around this struggling city stabilized by enormous walls of stone reinforced with metal. They arced over into an open dome above the city, the top quarter reinforced quartz that filtered the blaring sun and shielded the city from the worst of dust storms.
I'm not breaking up with you, I'm doing you a favor. Trust me. And besides, it's been a nice ride, neh?
We had a few tense moments when the teachers were handing out assignments, but we kept our cool and never got busted on this great trip. The closest we came was when a teacher from each group ended up at his desk at the same time. He said: "I'll take a copy for my girlfriend, she's in the other class." Both teachers just handed him a homework sheet. French was right all along. He said: "hand in all the forms, pay-up, and then keep our cool when the teachers are around".
If you click on the link on the pin above or here you’ll find the pin and the directions on how to do it. I don’t have internet at home, so I had to go from memory as it was a kind of spur of the moment idea.
Honorable Mention: William McMahan's "Figure Study" - etching
I'm not sure any of my new homestead-y skills impresses me quite as much as having achieved homemade bacon. I'm mighty pleased!
19.Rev. H.B. Jackson / Everytime I Feel The Spirit
- That's the badger! I can get my wheels back again. No sweat Party Time. I'll drive you wherever you wanna go!
FrostFire swag - full-colour postcards and magnets!
3) Jokes – My American Eats Satay at Kajang.
My problem with sharing them here is that (although crystal-clear digital recordings) the machine does not transfer them digitally to computers!Unless I buy an expensive bit of new hardware,the only way I can do it currently is to record them on video via a pair of headphones linked to the Walkman.Not ideal, a sharp loss in quality.
We’ve got an obligation to the rest of the world to pay attention, and that’s what Benaron is telling us in “Running the Rift.” She won the Bellwether Prize for Socially Engaged Fiction with this book—it is an award sponsored by Barbara Kingsolver. Through literature, we can make others more socially engaged, and this is a textbook example of how to do it.
- 1/4 ground allspice ( 1/2 tsp at the first time)
A bit of gossip.
Hope you like this vintage looking Christmas card this week! Thanks for stopping by!
13) DO YOU GET SCARED IN THE DARK?
Next we set up our camp tents and we went to sleep. The next day we woke up and I made toast on the fire that our guide made and after we had breakfast, which was toast and jam, we climbed a dune that was pretty tall and very steep!
Seeing that we set the tone this morning on the topic of prayer, here are my thoughts on prayer (Things that I’ve been taught)
My pot of Pentas is undergoing "nursing" care. It has been 'sick' , and I left it at a corner to get well. It is getting better, perhaps it is just lonely, now that it has the Torenia to keep it company! But it seems like the Torenia is taking over!
Maisa: See those shadows? Those are Ms. Anwaar and Ms. Fareda’s shadows. I know how Ms. Fareda’s brain works, and I am sure that she has yet again persuaded her sister to participate in some crazy thing. Now we are here to make sure that they won’t be harmed. So, are you with me?
So back to what I was saying, after Faith was born I started looking at how I could go back to work. I knew I was starting college in August, have two kids that would need daycare, and one that would need daycare till school starts back in August. Now factor in low wages because of the economy (the only places hiring are doing so at around minimum wage), the cost of gas, and the cost of daycare.... WHAT would I be working for.... TO WORK!
I thought I would take a little break from the videos today and make a few cards. The black and white card is for a lady named Tammy. She is the service manager at a dealership I frequent and has maintained my cars for over 20 years. She discovered discrepancies on previous work done and has saved me hundreds of dollars. To show my gratitude, this card was accompanied by a dozen roses. She is very loyal to her customers and is a wonderful person. Thank you Tammy!
This itty bitty time investment ends up being a huge time saver throughout the week. It allows me to quickly grab fruit for cereal in the morning, and for the kids to have a healthy go to snack place in the afternoon.
We want to wish all of our old and new followers a very Merry Christmas and heath, happiness and happy memories in the new year.
ELEANOR (walking behind him and putting her hands on his shoulders): Franklin, you are a good man. Trust your instincts. Think about putting to people to work, the way you did when you were Governor. Just try something – anything - but do it FAST.
A trip to the basement with a freshly labeled batch of homemade mead really got me thinking… What’s down here?
Feeling scare because I’m finally going to step into the working life.
-fighting siblings. It may be the death of me. I wish I knew nothing about it.
These pages on TechNet do not require Silverlight:
When you combine the two of them - zombies with ninjas - you should get the most incredibly frightening AND action-packed spectacle ever in the history of the moving image. I mean, how in the world could you MISS?
Then Joe came up. He wrote about a man who turned orange (another of my class prompts) and a garden that talked. Joe has a way after a little bit of a slow start of grabbing his audience's attention-then losing it about midway through- and then getting it all back again at the end. He just has to be careful not to go on too long. Like I said once Joe gets started its hard to stop him. But there are others-well known authors- I might stop before Joe.
Here is the image we will be coloring today. Perfect time to be coloring a beach image!! You will want to pick your color combos (blues or blue-greens). I use a lot of combos but I seem to always use this one for an ocean image where it is normally darker at the end of what your eye sees and lighter in the front where you first see the water. I will be using B97, B95, B93, and B12. A lot of times I will throw in BG10 as well. I will also be using a white gel pen for highlighting.
The final day started at 4am. We visited the volcanic areas, where we witnessed hot steam rising out of the ground like a vent. Then, we drove a little further to see lava bubbling in small craters, whilst the sun rose gradually. At 7am, we arrived at the Thermal Springs to take a dip in the naturally hot waters. Breakfast was shortly after and the best of the short trip yet, as we were treated to pancakes and cereal in addition to our usual bread and butter! Final stop on the tour was Laguna Verde, which appears green when the wind flys over it. From here, we would be splitting up with the rest of our party, as we were making the transfer to San Pedro of Atacama in Chile. It was an emotional end to the wonderful 3 day tour, and it ended in style with learning the tradition Japanese and Dutch (cough) dances. A definite surprise Bolivia had been!
However, now - I hope to god – I won’t continue the pattern because:
It seems, though, that the media has recently become rather obsessed with 'gay teen suicides', to the point that these tragic events are being reported disproportionately. Although we know that suicidal ideation and the act of taking one's own life particularly affects young adolescent males, most of whom are heterosexual, we hardly ever encounter the reporting of 'straight teen suicides'.
Paranormal Activity 2 is a slow burn and, like the original, much time is spent getting to know the family at the center of the paranormal events. These include teenage daughter Ali, parents Daniel and Kristi with toddler Hunter and the family dog. Kristi is the sister of Paranormal Activity’s Katie and the events in Paranormal Activity 2 run parallel to those in the first film. Before we get to any actual paranormal-ness there are several red herrings, a potty freak out involving the daughter and a pool cleaner that rises from the depths, that lull us into safety before the real scares begin.
07 Like A Miracle
◦Give the award to 15 or more bloggers
I hear the children playing in the distance.
Out of the mouths of babes. Ancient stories often have a way of presenting archetypical human situations in ways to which we can all relate, no matter what our age.
Fat Bottom Girls
His mother nearly collapsed her first time around, under the unbearable weight of her grief. But it seemed to get easier for her after that. My friend told me that more than anyone else, the ceremony helped her mother come to grips with the loss. Neither Friend nor any of her other family members actually lived in that community. They’d all dropped their lives to travel from across the country, stunned and stricken. Friend confided that initially she, herself, was reluctant to view his body, to see him like that. She wanted to remember him as he was. But then somehow as she watched him disappear beneath the flowers, the pain and shock of his death was transformed into something else. Something more manageable. Closure, she said, and her eyes looked unutterably grateful and sad.
“I (was) not going there to stir up feelings between the different races, but to remind them that if we don’t take care of this problem of race, then we will repeat our mistake.
of paper on
This later edition of the book opens with a series of reasons for why you cannot argue with Dawkins' conclusions. This does strike me as a little defensive, but it is handy for getting your point across to the sort of reader who picks up a famous book but then finds they cannot actually read it al the way through. This way they can pick up a handful of easy quotes and spurious conclusions from the introduction and then enter into pub and dinner debate as if they had read and considered the book in its entirety.
Now start gluing each petal on top of the other being sure to turn them so they are staggered. Above you see two of the largest petals layered. I place just a bit of glue in the center then carefully place the next petal.
Tryndamere: Oh, yeah? Like what?
As many have reminded me, the laundry will wait....and who needs matched socks in the summer anyway? That is what Crocs are for!
We had 67 yogis for the weekend and 43 who stayed on for the whole week. It takes a special kind of maniac to sit for a week of silent practice. I have to say this was an inspiring collection of maniacs.
I will show you more once the office is transformed. I am keen to paint the walls as I've grown tired of the preppy blue. I am considering an antique white, with green drapes and a green velvet on the chair i.e. old world elegant (perhaps). I am also considering wallpaper, maybe a stripe or a damask pattern by Farrow & Ball. Suggestions are welcome, but keep in mind that I want to leverage the old-fashioned look from the dresser and chair.
Now...is your favorite candidate on board with what is best for America, or only what is best for his donors who have special tax breaks they purchased from Congress?
Here are the details from Scrapbooks Etc.'s newsletter:
When you first come to live in Karachi, you are bit anxious about how things are and get frustrated easily. Slowly you learn how to do the city. And here are some small lessons I have learned.
I often feel like a man of two minds. Does that make me unstable or unwise? At times, perhaps it does, if my “two minds” are in disharmony and my decisions going awry as a result.
Bike or Swim for an hour followed by:
Draft 5: Holy crap, there's a typo on page 1. I must do another 10 read-throughs.
Alexandre Dumas’ home outside of Paris, the Château de Monte Cristo, has been restored and is open to the public. The Alexandre Dumas Paris Métro station was named in his honour in 1970.
An announcement warned everyone that the doors were going to close. The newly boarded passengers grabbed hold of something to brace themselves for the impending judder as the train began to move off. The girl peered over the tops of her Raybans to see a heavily pregnant woman standing in front of a seated businessman too engrossed in his broadsheet to acknowledge the belly inches from his face. The woman looked weary. The Businessman went to turn the page of his newspaper and as he folded the page he had just read back on itself he glanced around. He didn’t even see them, but his eyes momentarily met with those of the girl. Nobody saw them flash a brilliant shade of emerald green before she pushed her sunglasses back up her nose and bowed her head again.
Don't get us wrong. The Vaginally Equipped Americans of Roxie's World are devoted fans of Missing. It is totally formulaic and often gobsmackingly implausible, but it is utterly delightful to watch Judd's Winstone haul a$$ all over Europe in an effort to find her kidnapped son and solve the mystery of her late husband Paul's life and death. (Paul was also CIA and was killed by a car bomb ten years earlier.) The plot may not be believable, but Becca is, thanks to Judd's steely eyes and razor-sharp maternal instincts. What can we say? We think the world could use a few more vengeance-seeking soccer moms who can fight like a ninja and hack into a computer.
Telepathy. I always wonder what people are really thinking.
I felt saddened that I can't have this year round for those dreadful winter months that lack fresh herbs and seasonings. Thanks to google, I discovered a way to preserve some of these babies.
It can be anything. Just stop and look around.
“Lucky” people, on the other hand, are much more relaxed and open, willing and able to see what resources lie in their path—like the ad on page two of the newspaper that gave them the winning advantage. Furthermore, a strong work ethic is said to increase our chances to create and/or take advantage of good fortune. Bill Gates got lucky for sure, but he and Paul Allen also shut themselves up in a room, rolled up their sleeves and worked very long hours to put themselves in a position to grab the brass ring when it came around. They also had great faith in the marketability of their ideas, which is said to be another magnet for good luck.
“You’re mad, you are!” Luke said and left the room again.
Took 1/2 RO water and 1/2 filtered Austin water and added 1/4 tsp Epsom Salt (just to see), 1-2 drops phosphoric acid to adjust pH. Added one drop olive oil as I pitched yeast. I do a late addition for the LME where I take the pot off the burner with 15 mins left of the boil, stop the timer, add in the LME, bring it back up to boiling, add the flavoring hops, and continue the timer for the last 15 mins. Supposed to keep scorching or caramelizing down. I am still doing partial boils on my stove.
What bothers me the most about this is that even if Zimmerman acted illegally people are rushing to conclude that he'll get away with it and that the law is to blame. At most all the law is doing is delaying the time of the arrest. Sure, it seems like bullshit if you're one of Martin's supporters, but don't we live in a society of innocent until proven guilty?
I keep thinking at least we can use the waiting time to prepare for the baby’s arrival. We have plenty of time on our hands to buy all the things we’ll need, and read all those books on our list… But then around Christmas and New Year, internet friends of ours almost (almost!) had a baby placed with them. Unfortunately, that placement wasn’t to be and they’re back to waiting again, but they had less than a week’s notice about the whole thing. We’re so sorry they had to go through that, but it’s made us realise more than ever that this could all happen for us at any time. And with very little notice. (It’s also driven home the fact that nothing’s a given. Not until the birth mom relinquishes her rights and actually becomes the birth mom, not just the mom. But that’s a whole other post.) Which means we really should get ourselves ready.
The florets within the sunflower’s cluster are usually arranged in a spiral pattern. Generally, each floret is oriented toward the next by approximately the golden angle, 137.5°, producing a pattern of interconnecting spirals, where the number of left spirals and the number of right spirals are successive Fibonacci numbers. Typically, there are 34 spirals in one direction and 55 in the other; on a very large sunflower there could be 89 in one direction and 144 in the other. This pattern produces the most efficient packing of seeds within the flower head.
As I mentioned in my last post I had a birthday this week. Since hubby is away working in Africa, I spent the day with the girls and as was the last day of the school holidays I ditched work and we just got to hang out together.
Unravelling the string?
asking God to help us withstand the temptations of Satan.
**This week the air conditioning went out in the van. Last weekend when Sonya and Kevin were in town we were driving around and I kept telling Brian that it just didn't sound right. I also noticed Saturday when we went to the zoo it didn't seem like it was cooling down very quickly or really at all but I just figured it was because I was so incredibly hot that I wasn't cooling down not the van. Nope Wednesday on my way home it was blowing hot air. :( Thankfully it has not been super hot this week and my brother was able to fix it...I think! It cooled down and I haven't needed to use it. What better timing!
Method: Remove the fins and entrails of the mackerals and wash them in two or three changes of water. Make extended cuts inside the mackerals along the central bone. Wipe out the water clinging to them, apply the salt, and keep aside in a shallow vessel. Grind the chopped onions, green chillies, and curry leaves to a smooth paste. Add the finely sliced garlic flakes, crushed ginger, all other powders, sugar, and tamarind extract. Make it a thick paste adding the required vinegar. Stuff this masala evenly into the mackeral pieces. Marinate for 25-30 minutes. Heat a fry pan and pour the oil into it. When the oil becomes very hot, place the fish slices in the hot oil, side by side. Cover with a lid and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat. Remove cover, turn over the fish pieces on both sides alternatively till all are fried to the attractive consistency that is preferred. Do not cover the fish again once the lid is removed to prevent overcooking or sogginess. Enjoy!
What is Rickety Bridge and what is Big and Grey?!
Sunday, April 29: Anna Paquin showed off her baby bump at the White House Correspondents Dinner on Saturday night! Alexander Skarsgard appeared in Hawaii to promote his Battleship movie out in theaters on May 18 in the U.S. and Canada! You waited for it…now you can watch it! Check out the True Blood Waiting Sucks Promo/Teaser with Eric and Pam here!
That’s it. My cubicle calls.
Now we find our intrepid anti-hero almost there....
So it was a nice ride. And afterward, we had a bit of grass and basked in the beautiful weather, then Oliver had dinner and I tidied up his mane so he looked more like a sporthorse than an old nag.
with tears breaking like springtide
5nos Bread slices
Looks innocent enough. It’s actually a wonderful place, so I won’t mention its location.
The Times reports: ” Sir Michael Wood, the former top legal adviser at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, has been given permission from the Attorney-General to break with protocol and disclose advice given to ministers in the build-up to the Iraq war.”
As crazy as it sound, Kim Junsu, want to die. He is bored of the thing called life. He has nothing to do with his life anymore.
Around 350 MPs who sit in the House of Commons on select committees will be offered the devices without having to trade.
quite familiar to me,
I do not disown them, but as you reread old posts written three years ago, let me give you a disclaimer: they were my thoughts years ago. Then. Some are kept as they are aspects of my core that years gone by simply cannot erase; most, however, were a product of immature thinking. And who I am now, fortunately, is not exactly the same man who wrote those three years ago. Often I cringe while reading a couple of them. I had been careless logically, philosophically, grammatically. And it does not mean I have ceased committing similar mistakes, although I have been more aware of them now. Whereas before I generalized because I wanted the world to be neat and all the parts placed in their definite compartments, now I still generalize but without the contempt. I have been more forgiving, more reflective, and I care less about the unimportant (those vexations to the spirit).
“Buddha”
kaye gave an invite to every kid in t's headstart class and several friends were also invited. kaye, bilbo and i put a lot of time and effort into making it a great day for t.willie. we put up construction caution tape everywhere and made "road work" signs for along the driveway.
Preliminary results showed that a full 20% of Italian taxpayers will be initially flagged , much to the delight of agency director Attilio Befera. According to Befera, “We have €120 billion of tax evasion, and to cope with this emergency, we need to take emergency measures…”
What makes the engine go?
GSM—GSM symbolizes World-wide Techniques for Cellular marketing and sales communications and is also the global regular for mobile phone support. In secret agent or surveillance cameras, this refers to Sound parasites or sometimes nonetheless surveillance cameras that may deliver an image in excess of GSM Cellular community from a made-in Sim.
3) I used 5 chicken drumstick pieces to cook this gravy.
"Turn right at the end of the street onto the Embankment, follow the road along by the river and look for signs A4 and the M4," I replied.
Chris Whitley
Somerset Studio was among the first introductions I had to mixed media art and has played a tremendous role in my development as an artist. I remember reading this magazine long before I started my blog and being mesmerized by the art and artists on the covers and on the pages.
Once again, home educators came out very well in the quiz at the end of the lectures. Last year, Dd came joint second and her home educated friend won. This year, another home educated boy came joint second and Dd won. The quiz was only a bit of fun and it wasn't a question of being competitive: it was simply nice to see a handful of HE kids do well in a sea of uniformed children. A little vindication of our choice when so many in authority seem to erroneously believe that home educated children might "fall behind". As if 'lifelong learning' is a race, in any case!
2. Don’t go to the tanning bed. You’ll thank me when you go to your high school reunion and you look like you’ve been airbrushed and then photoshopped compared to the tanning bed train wrecks formerly known as classmates – well, at least next to the ones that haven’t died from skin cancer.
6. Speaking of the police, I once had my own five man police escort – from the mall management office where I worked, through the crowds gathered to buy movie tickets at the theater outside the office door, to my car parked in the mall parking lot. There was one on either side, one right in front of me, one behind me, and one leading the way with his hand on his holster yelling, “Stand back! Clear the way! Coming through!” as they hustled me through the middle of the crowd. What can I say? It had been a long, slow, uneventful night for the off-duty officers who worked mall security. They were bored, and nothing thrilled them more than embarrassing me. It was my once in a lifetime shot at seeing what it’s like to be a VIP!
That's what surprised me most about this book - the underage drinking, getting into clubs on false ids, spiked drinks, knife crime, alcoholism. Yes, all this goes on in real life. Yes, I guess all kids of the target audience range will be aware, to a greater or lesser extent, of all this. But I was surprised these things make it into books aimed at teens. (That's why I said I realise now I didn't know what YA fiction really was. When I was that age, there was no such genre. When you grew out of Enid Blyton and Arthur Ransome, you read your mum's Catherine Cooksons and Shirley Conrans, or your dad's Arthur C Clarks. Well, that's what I did anyway. It was that or my brother's Commando comics.)
Would you see the stealing of babies from their mothers and the selling of that mothers milk for profit if you might be one of the mothers or babies involved?
This is generating a lot of buzz, of course! In the exponentially fast-growing India there is a huge challenge of retaining workers especially in this field with a few other mammoth billion dollar companies in direct competition with HCL. This probably will help. HCL is the country’s fifth-largest infotech outsources. So far Nayar’s methods seems to have made a huge impact. They were once wearing down and reducing in numbers at the rate of 20.4% (reportedly among the highest in the industry) and since Nayar took over in 2005 thanks to his innovative ideas they are said to be at a 17.2% now.
A partial meltdown means that portions of fuel rods were above water long enough to melt some of the upper sections, resulting in at least some significant amount of fuel falling to the bottom of the pressure vessel(s). In such random regrouping of fuel at the bottom of a pressure vessel, the resulting unstructured masses of fuel are potentially able to emit significant amounts of fission products. They might emit a lot, or they might emit relatively less, depending on their random new geometry. But since it is unknown how much fuel has melted down, we can say little that is definite, except that the amounts of fission products resulting, that have been created and will be created, are unpredictable and a significant portion of these radioactive products escaped from the cores are likely in water (and water leaks), while some escaped during the steam venting.
Wednesday night Hilary Rosen, democrat strategist extraordinaire, came out with this little doozy:
The media and the government have done a great job of simply ignoring or discounting the groups and their efforts across this great nation. Examples include how Time Magazine put not one picture of the march on Washington DC on September 12, 2009 in their “Year in Pictures.” This is not by accident. I was there on 9.12 and I saw the hundreds of thousands that by estimates of the crowd counters there said numbered at 1.6 million. However, in their minds, if you are simply ignored, you will go away.
So this card from the Phantomwise Tarot was me last night in the park. Except I was without the water jugs, the Zen-like calm, and much further away from the duck-pond. I also had considerably more clothes on, seeing as we were into minus figures for the temperature.
that everybody thinks
On leathery wings
10. Theatre Of Tragedy - Let You Down
Recognise this lovely lady?
I passed through Stocksfield on the 5th leg of my Walking the River Tyne Westwards Project and did'nt have a lot of time to explore it fully but I intend to visit again maybe on the next leg of my River Tyne walk.
My requests were always rejected and was told that they can not do anything because the house where the dogs are located, is privately owned.This home is located in Pruscakovoj ulici br.3. In this house it stinks for years, no one can sleep at night because of the barking of dogs. Last year I happened to meet the owner of the house and she told me then that she and her husband collect the dogs from there and then and to spend their weekend slaughter house and there. I was shocked! “
As for future bucket list must-dos, Coney remains open to possibilities. She may go to another coastal community, or visit family in Texas. One thing is certain, there will be plenty more trips to see her grandbaby.
Anaesthetist and chief surgical assistant, and thereafter a surgical research lecturer who trained three thousand professors, all with a Standard 5 education? Clearly Dr Naki was so innately brilliant, he didn’t NEED any education!
4. Yarn comes in different weights, colors, styles. Kind of like drugs.
Red Chilly - 1 small
Hell, it could even be the knife in your back
“In the past three decades, the independence, impartiality, integrity and professionalism of major national institutions, whether civil service, judiciary, police, elections commission or anti-corruption agency, were seriously compromised by executive interference and usurpation,” he said.
“Yes we can meet. Time?”
DUKE: Uh, you can call me Duke.
Welcome to Thursday & our 4th day with OCL & May Arts! I'm excited to share another May Arts project with you today. You'll want to check the OCL Blog each day for the rest of this week for everyone who is playing along. Now don’t forget to leave some love everywhere each and every day this week because there will be FIVE prize packages of blog candy this week!
No, rather the opposite. Cerberus always struck me as a rather dreadful way of ‘designing’ a dog, as he’s got three ways of biting you. Any other beasts always seemed to be snake creatures of some kind or other, and equally off-putting.
Free online Games
Scott's a carpenter in more ways then one. And good right to be proud of that fact. (and that is our own family joke. We'll just leave it at that.)
Occupy the World.
Here are the design team's cards for your inspiration starting off with our amazing GDT Julie Price, who has agreed to join our merry little band as a permanent DT member, welcome on board Julie
“Can you come over this weekend to help me pack?”
Once I felt like it wouldn’t spill everywhere if I tried to turn it (about 2-3 minutes) I flipped the quesadilla, letting the other side brown for about 1-2 minutes and then put it on a plate with rice, repeating the process until each plate had 2 quesadillas per plate with a cup of rice.
Here’s a fantastic clip from the early TV program, “The General Electric Theater.” There’s a surprise host. This show features Judy Garland in 1956 with Joe Bushkin on piano. Watch all the way through. Joe Bushkin plays a solo that really show cases his talent. This is a great vintage video clip.
And so I wonder.. what kind of mommy will I be next time? Will I be paranoid? Will I be over-protective? I guess these are probably questions we all battle. But I can't help to think back.. think back to the person that I used to be. I enjoyed being pregnant.. (for the most part) loved feeling the kicks and the hiccups.. will I just be nervous all the time? Will I read into every little thing as a sign of bad things to come? I think back to the old me.. I miss that me sometimes... I envy her.. the new me.. the new me is broken, slightly tattered and sloppily put back together. Some days I wish I could have some of the old me back.. but the new me? I guess I will have to learn to accept me. So I'm working on that.. it's hard.. it's difficult.. and it's exhausting. But this is what I get.. this is what I have to offer.. and I'm learning to adjust to the new me.. as much as I don't want to. We all have to do things we don't want to at one time or another, but in order to survive--we have to do it. And me? Well, I'm surviving.
Steve you are the voice of reason. I must confess, I don’t understand how the fate of the nation, or the world (or any of us who live on the west coast of the US) can be permitted to remain in the hands of a corporation that has proven itself time and time again to lie, and be corrupt, incompetent, and indifferent to the health and safety of its own workers and its own country men, women, and children. I don’t understand how Ineptco can continue addressing this challenge on what seems to be a leisurely timetable lacking any meaningful sense of urgency. I don’t understand why the government of Japan appears willing to let this situation continue and does not seem willing to stand up to Ineptco (Tepco) and require them to accept help and materials from other countries – help that will permit them to achieve their time table faster. I don’t understand why an international coalition has not come together to work with the Japanese government and Ineptco (Tepco) to address each of the items you mention. I get that face saving is important in the Japanese culture. I get that it is important to maintain happy diplomatic relations with Japan so everyone walks on eggs with them. I get that Japan is a sovereign nation with a right to determine its own destiny. What I don’t get is why these things seem to be taking precedence over protecting the planet from an even bigger radiological catastrophe than has already happened. I also understand that manpower and expense for all the specialized materials and construction necessary for cleanup and mitigation may be an issue for Ineptco, however, if Ineptco (Tepco) truly can’t afford to buy or develop or staff what is needed to clean up the mess and reduce the risk to all peoples, then I would think it would be in the self interest of every country in the northern hemisphere, if not the world, to donate dry casks for spent fuel storage, raw materials to create barriers to contain water, or cover buildings, etc. AND to provide the manpower necessary to speed the timetable for securing ALL spent fuel rods at the plant. It isn’t about money or profit any more. It is about protecting lives and saving the planet from a future of catastrophic radiation contamination. The situation we presently have is madness on a colossal scale. I appeal to any journalists who read this to tell their readers the true story of the ongoing risk at Fukushima. I also encourage any politicians who might read this to investigate further and raise this issue with their colleagues and demand action on the part of their government. At the very least, an international inspection team should be permitted access to unit 4 to provide an independent risk assessment. If action is being taken, let the world know. Considering all that has happened, I do not feel comfortable knowing that my life rests in the hands of of Ineptco (Tepco).
Aw, it's time for my last New York restaurant review. Sad times. But I promise, I'll get back to posting about recipes soon. I have several all made and photographed just begging to be posted.
Please link your card at the end of this post for the chance to win the Christmas image package. Cards using Mami Doodles images will have two entries in the draw. Entries will be accepted until 3rd of November, midday. Thanks!
The menu started with 12 amuses in a fast pace;
Hitler (yikes!)
and suddenly those ground-to-air missiles being places on the top of the block of flats make perfect sense don't they?
So far, this year has brought forth death, debt, and destruction. Yeah for you! Guess what? I still win!
It was last May that I first had the realization that Nickolas would need a wheelchair as a child through one of the education sessions. It laid the groundwork for this past fall when it was at baby group that it was suggested that it is time to look at a wheelchair. It was also at baby group that I first saw another little boy go through the same thing we did, so even though that family wasn't at group any more - they still helped me that day.
The next hour and a half is an education in how a star gets a crowd eating out of her hand. We’re up on the balcony (somewhere below are people who’ve paid Rs.15,000 a head to get as close as they can) from where we have a clear view as she launches into the first song of the evening – a quiet, heartfelt rendition of ‘Pearls on a Chain’. She follows with her hit ‘A Little More Love’ off her 1978 album ‘Totally Hot’. Wrapping up, she turns to us and says “Ayubowan,” and bows and then spoils the solemnity with a smiling “Did I get it right?”
The evidence: Amy Senser claims she did not know she hit a person but rather construction equipment and had left the scene. Senser told witnesses that she was drinking on the day of the incident. Senser was on a phone call while she hit Phanthavong. During the incident, Senser’s vehicle dragged Phanthavong about 40 feet from where he was standing. There was blood and significant damages of up to $7,500 on the hood of Senser’s vehicle. After the incident, calls were made to a medical director of a detox center and then to Amy Senser’s brother who is a policeman on recommendations for attorneys. The Sensers waited about 10 days after the incident, before reporting to police that their vehicle was at the scene. Senser refused to speak to investigators and family members, pleading the Fifth Amendment right from self-incrimination.
Christina’s past life and future memories enabled her to heal her relationship with her father and to finally find professional success and personal happiness.
Published last week ahead of a major United Nations climate summit in Durban, South Africa, next month, their work was cited around the world as irrefutable evidence that only the most stringent measures to reduce carbon dioxide emissions can save civilisation as we know it.
Hopi Radio news.
Thirty-seven years ago today, 30 May, America’s national nightmare of the soul, the War in Vietnam, ended.
On the Opening of the Leeds and
his grain,
There was no report of tsunami after the quake.
July: Pouch for Dale's portable hard-drive, washers for Callum and Annie, heatpack for Callum, heatpack for Annie.
If the film manages to be as affecting as it is, it's mostly because of Franco, whose magnetic performance fills in the film's spiritual holes. When, after his physical/mental trial is over, he quietly whispers "Thank you" to the rock and his cut-off arm—after having photographed the gory image, no less—the moment is remarkable for Franco's sense of peace in his delivery, as if the whole agonizing experience has purified him in a way. Sure, a less flashy director than Boyle would probably have made more out of the existential man-versus-nature themes this film lightly touches on...but somehow, the inspiring nature of this story still communicates quite movingly. Even after suffering through what most of us would consider six days of Hell, Aron Ralston still managed to retain both his derring-do spirit and his awe of the natural world. (Apparently, the real Ralston is still climbing rocks and mountains, even with only one arm.) That's real human resilience, folks—and, at its best, 127 Hours exudes that same exuberant sense of life even as the film deals with the effects of a character who teeters on the brink of death.
Wildfox Creative team:
Professor Thomas Leech, an Australian, was awarded a CBE in 1947 for his work on developing a weapon, which was given the name Project Seal. No further details were released at the time as work was ‘ongoing and top secret’ although this led to great speculation. However, declassification of some top-secret military files in the year 2000 revealed Professor Leech’s, who died in 1973, deadly secret.
Many are leaving the Country for greener pastures...because of the state of things now!
How to recruit the finest talent?
I have so many pictures saved on my computer of crochet work I want to try. Man, the amount of patterns and books I buy are seriously ridiculous, too.
A copy of the first comic to feature caped hero Superman has been sold on the internet for $1m (£646,000).
NEST-005 Nested Circles
Juliane
"People who wanted to have children would apply to make sure they have no diseases. Why do we have to do it through genetic engineering? Well, we have to let only the fit breed ... Freedom is not necessarily a right. It is a privilege that you have to earn. A lot of people abuse their freedom and that is something that people have to be trained not to do."
might invade your space
Preferred Qualifications/Experience :
Here’s the cover so you can keep an eye out at Borders…
“Totally got you, Dork,” she chuckled.
“We’re much more… experienced.” (No pun intended)
It is quite obvious who is winning
- It is better to flatten the dough into a larger round shape so it is easier to pinch to seal the edges.
Television rights fee income increasing by £5.7m (11.8%) to £54m…
She came toward the car from the side. The sedan was in the middle of the path, which she could now see was no road but a natural formation, a sandy course carved out by rainstorm the run-offs. The tires were sunk deep in the sand as if someone had spun the wheels, trying to get unstuck. Shoe prints—a waffle tread—ran from the driver’s side to the passenger side, then disappeared. Had someone dragged something to obliterate the prints? She took photos of the car and the ground, moved closer to the car and shot the interior. Maps, empty coffee cups, and food wrappers littered the floor. Keys dangled from the ingnition. Were the doors locked? Hard to tell nowadays with electronic locks, and she didn’t want to fudge any fingerprints by trying to open the door.
My prayer, of course, is that her husband finds a job swiftly. I pray that his skills and ability will be honored by a future employer. I pray that the Lord will be glorified through their situation. Mostly, I praise God for my friend and all of her circumstances. She is a fine example of a woman after God’s heart. She seeks His face and His hands and His feet to guide her along. I am grateful for her life. She is an amazing woman of God.
EVEN POLICE GET NERVOUS AT SIGHT OF CHARACTER ACTOR
Another child far, far away
Sometimes Justice kicks the door
Shirt is Vintage Cotton V-Neck Tee from JCrew. I own like 5 of these they are the best tee shirts ever. I highly recommend! A few colors are on sale online right now. I bought mine in the store for even cheaper. They wash and wear really well. I also love the Vintage Crewneck version as well.
In fact, even as a card-carrying progressive, the Korean's personal feeling is that it is not a bad result for Lee to be in a conservative party. There is no question that the conservatives are stronger in Korea, and have greater access to various social institutions -- the bureaucracy, religious organizations, media, civic groups, etc. -- to effect real change. Lee's membership in the conservative party would also serve to discourage the growth of the xenophobic, far-right elements that plague the American and European politics. (Although, to be sure, there is ample potential within Korea's the far-left to develop its own version of xenophobic politics.)
Basically it's 12 young women, all under the age of 25, and me, stuffed into a room together. It's noisy, and frequently unprofessional and ridiculous in ways that I never considered possible before last month. Every day I feel like I'm running a daycare. I shouldn't have to ask you not to read the newspaper while you're at work, but on the other hand I don't need you to tell me every time you go to the ladies room to pee either.
We live in our homes attached to bricks and Mortar as if our lives depend on it, We fill these homes with hundreds of things, lights, lamps, chairs, jewls, clothes, tables, paintings & Many electrical things...
10:59 PM – We return from the break to Punk and Tensai in the ring. Tensai and Bryan gain the upper hand quickly on the WWE Champion. After a match filled with punishment for CM Punk, Lord Tensai gets the victory with the assist from Daniel Bryan. After the match, Daniel Bryan sees his opportunity to weaken Punk for Over the Limit, and applies the Yes Lock to a vulnerable Punk.
“I can vouch-” Lisa started to speak.
After leaving the island, the ship ran into some rocky waves that made everyone on board sway. It was sickening to experience sea sickness and can’t do anything about it but ride it out. The very last day, we all dressed up in our best and went to a nice dinner in one of the cruise ship’s restaurants. The food was good but the desserts were amazing. By that time, we were all ready to be in use of our cell phones. I personally liked being cut off from the rest of my world. No boss calling me on my vacation, no Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, emails or phone calls disturbing my peace.
Don’t you love a sale? Designer Anzie has several lovely items that are now available for less, including these pretty drop earrings made of clear quartz and sterling silver.
Born in the suburban Icelandic town of Mosfellsbær, a few kilometres outside of Reykjavík, the 24-year old composer has always enjoyed pushing boundaries with both his studio work and his live-shows. Through relentless touring and determination this young artist has steadily gained recognition worldwide and continues his mission to lure an indie-generation of pop and rock fans into an emotive world of beguiling electronic chamber music and delicate classical arrangements.
Cop cars used as taxis
