"And in the song 'Sudden Amaryllis' she writes 'Sudden amaryllis! In dead fields reach lilies to the sky, to the sky. Hope is dancing in the sky. (Hope is staring right at you.)'. Christina was stricken with the fact that these flowers survive and thrive in the most barren places...in a gravel lot with otherwise no signs of life, these amaryllis flowers stand tall. I think this is a great analogy to my life now," explains Vanessa. "Although there is all this ugliness an misfortune around me, I keep my head up and live sincerely."
The Taka Nabe is no longer on the menu, for it has been replaced with this. The truffled congee is a serious contender for the best dish I have ever had. I mean ever. It is giving the beloved shag roll and run for its money. Shortgrain rice congee, shaved black truffle, green onions, collard green chip, togarashi spice, and lemon preserves makes this dish an interesting marriage of flavors and textures. I love this dish.
Collection of Pre-Made scenes
As my gift to you, I made a Construction Letter Tile Spelling Mat to go with this month's Big Machines theme. Head over to my blog to print it out. Laminate it and get it ready for Thursday's Once Upon A Book post. We'll be using it then. Enjoy!
......And while he stressed he wanted "no (US) boots on the ground" in Syria, he was “adamant” about the need to provide more “substantive military aid”. "At some point we simply have to say, 'we're going to help them, we're going to give them weapons to defend themselves,' and that will make them strong and more organized", Lieberman said last week at the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank....
4. Putting your own interests above the audience’s – Article content advertising and marketing will not be about company promotion. Content can boost popularity and brand awareness but is not employed explicitly to market your company. Boasting about your merchandise and services from the beginning will only put off readers. Only begin to complete this once you really have a status as a trusted “authority” to exploit.
14. On The Run (03.38)
Hi Everyone! My name is Sonya and I have opened my first Cafepress shop. And it was time consuming and hard and I never would have been able to do it without the help of so many great websites! I wanted to start a place to talk about other people’s experiences, post links to those great websites, and just trade general helpful hints.
NOTE: This works best if you have a privacy fence...
It's not a large room, it's in the basement, and it has to contain my treadmill along with my crafting space. However, I feel pretty fortunate to have en entire room to myself that I can dedicate to these activities and design as I see fit.
Meanwhile, it is learnt that six political parties are waiting for the final nod of the Home Ministry for approval.
Solomon also celebrated the feast in the same way for eight days.
Genre: Old School Death/Doom
Another when you want to shop, share, heal, hurt, joke, or just be.
Union lodges legal claim for pension rights
“Where are you, I’m trying to reach you. I wanted to let you know that we were able to book another flight”
of a local gardening store. Normally I wouldn't but something, I would make it myself, but for $5 I thought I could use it to get a good idea of how to make my own. Which I will, very soon and then share with you!
- Today I am adding the finishing touches on a large project before my client's parents come to visit this weekend. This job had a very tight budget, I am excited to share it with you to show you some of my "tight budget" sources and tricks!
Initially, the sales figures were decent which indicated that the Indians are responding well. However, it soon became apparent that many people had bought Corn Flakes as a one-off, novelty purchase. Another big issue is its price, the product is too expensive for the Indian middle-class. Meanwhile, Kellogg’s didn’t reduce the price and decided to launch other products in India. Indian cereal buyers were introduced to Chocos, Rice Flakes, Wheat Flakes, All Bran, Honey Flakes and few other line extensions where none of them have managed to really succeed in a big scale.
Funnily enough Rove also almost bought me a pair of tickets for the movie as well, but decided against it when he thought that I probably got mine already from the radio station. Instead he treated me to dinner which was just as cool. Sigma is giving me one of two options for my present. He told me that he was originally going to surprise me with a f DvD pack of the acting troop "Team Starkid" (Who are totally awesome) work along with their now semi legendary Headband that appears in each production. Then he had doubts all of a sudden and wanted to get me Infamous 2 instead. And then he just decided to ask me what I wanted instead. Now as much as I would love a new game right now, I'm going to go with the Starkid stuff. I have my reasons that I don't care to explain at the moment.
the Comfortable Chair - the Comfortable Chair (1969)
The only people that frown upon addiction are those who are unaware of their own.
02. Loup Garou Means Change Into
Larceny and retail fraud are similar in that the person is allowed to be on the premises, but something has been taken without permission.
Jo nearly or might have lost the pregnancy which is a bit unpleasant to anyone who has had a child and the ultrasounds that went with the pregnancy. It was kind of interesting watching Escalante stepping up. Part of this might have come from the conversation with Ace, where we learned they had crossed paths before. There was a shift in positions for Rosie getting a ride on the escalante horse owned by the gang of four. Not the derby race itself, but the derby day. There might have been some clever politics going on there. I couldn’t quite follow that. It sets up the big derby race between Ace’s and Nick Nolte’s horse. I thought Nick Nolte was going to burst a blood vessel and collapse on set with his wheezy outbursts. I shall presume that to be acting. One episode to go. It’s good, I will miss it if it doesn’t come back.
Anyhoo, the steps are Ask, Believe, and Receive. And it's the Receiving part that's tricky. See, it's up to me to recognize the gifts and opportunities when they arrive—for instance, potential dates—and to act on them. Which is the whole problem: it's up to me. Cuz what if these gifts and opportunities aren't so clear cut? How do I know if I'm missing something good, or glomming onto something awful that only seems awesome? I totally did that once with a cheesecake. I mean, how do I really know for sure?
4. Favorite quote? “You can run your whole life and not go anywhere” – Mike Ness of Social Distortion
In the “beginning,” that which is called in mystic phraseology Cosmic Desire” evolves into absolute Light. Now light without any shadow would be absolute light—in other words, absolute darkness—as physical science seeks to prove. That shadow appears under the form of primordial matter, allegorized—if one likes—in the shape of the Spirit of Creative Fire or Heat. If, rejecting the poetical form and allegory, science chooses to see in this the primordial Fire-Mist, it is welcome to do so. Whether one way or the other, whether Fohat or the famous FORCE of Science, nameless, and as difficult of definition as our Fohat himself, that Something “caused the Universe to move with circular motion,” as Plato has it; or, as the Occult teaching expresses it:
Place on parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 8 minutes, or until fish flakes easily with a fork.
For dessert I ordered the gluten free tiramisu. It was drizzled with a cream cheese sauce and covered in cocoa powder. I thought the presentation could use a little work but the taste was out of this world. When I left the restaurant I was drunk with food more than wine. It actually heart to move for an hour or so. The remainder of my stay was filled with being a tourist, going to some of the historical areas, eating great gluten free meals, snacking on gelato, sipping cappuccinos and watching the world do its thing. Italy... We're far from done... I'll be back.
...Millions of victims of communism are still alive today. They include former Gulag inmates, forced laborers, dissidents subjected to political repression, ethnic minorities such as the Crimean Tatars who were forcibly deported, and many others. With a few exceptions (principally in Eastern Europe), little has been done to recognize the suffering of these victims or to compensate them for the wrongs they suffered....
Ben: Yes I am.
I am a paper addict, so that is where I'll begin :o) Here are some of my favorite new paper lines that really caught my eye on the show floor. (information is below each photo, click the image for a larger view)
The Integrated Data Base also provides the following inventories of weapons production high-level waste and transuranic waste:
So, even if your state doesn't have a mandatory seat belt law (Texas, where we're from has for years but Arkansas' law didn't go into effect until July 1, 2009...9 days after our wreck) WEAR YOUR SEAT BELT, keep your kids in child safety seats as long as possible (my nine year old is still in a booster...it saved his life) and don't use your cell phone while you are driving....you could be saving your and someone else's lives.
11:58 a.m. — Lifted the grain bag out of the first pot and let it drain for a minute before transferring it to the other and remixing.
Thats right. He was sacked. No warning. Just don't come back.
Other witnesses were reported by the Magharebia news portal as saying the girl was attacked with stones and beaten after the assailants said the dress was “too revealing.”
Thanks for reading and God Bless :D
About A-Sides with Jon Chattman
— Show compassion for those who may be affected adversely by news coverage. Use special sensitivity when dealing with children and inexperienced sources or subjects.
I don’t need them all, the novelty USB drive in the shape of a well-known brand of razor is just plain stupid (The boss at work had been given it by a rep, he thought it was just some kind of eraser, but then he is not very good with computer technology). The one I got free with a trial of The Economist acts strangely if I store more than 500MB on it. The silver Texet thumb drive only hold 256MB so is pretty useless, same with the white thing front left.
I've never yelled with joy at risk and speed!
Is it fair, for example, that I was born into the Great Depression over seventy years ago and now, when I should be enjoying retirement, I am living in something the economists call a recession, but is just as bad, if not worse, than it was when I was born.
EMOTIONAL
Cost includes complimentary refreshments throughout the workshop!
At some point around 2AM I started hyperventilating and thought, 'If I don't see some sign of life in the next minute, I will just pull over on the side (HA!) of the road and just start honking like a madwomen (not to be confused with Mad Men, they'd never be in this situation). And that's when I saw it:
"That's exactly how she is," she murmured to August. That poor kid! All he wanted to do was sit through a terrible movie with his chatty mom and her annoying friend, and eat his weight in popcorn, and now he's gotta put up with weird writer comparisons, and his mom's buddy sneaking popcorn. "MJ always storms into offices and yells, 'PRINT IT ALL OR GO TO HELL, DAMN YOU, SO I CAN SAVE THAT POOR WOMAN FROM THE CLUTCHES OF A MAD KILLER!' when her editor wants to make necessary changes. Don't even get me started on her prose."
He's there as a grim reminder that no matter what you do
oh, man, how I ache
WEBSITE:
But here’s what was keeping me up:
One of the other mother's talked of a friend who has four children, and when her husband comes home he gets excited to see the evidence of all the fun they've been having throughout the day, and he truly delights in it. He whips around, tidying up a few things, before relaxing to play with the kids.
New Yorker captions due at midnight.
Jonah then goes to the jail and breaks Chako out, locking the deputy in the cell and demanding that Chako shut up and tell him what really happened. As they exit the jail, they are greeted by the mayor and three gunmen. The mayor gives instructions to tie and gag them, 'soften their dispositions' and have them ready to hang as soon as possible.
I know we can take it
People love dolphins, and the dolphin entertainment industry has utilized this and makes huge profits at the expense of these animals’ welfare. Wild dolphins travel up to 50 miles a day, and they form complex social groups in the wild – they socialize. A pool is like a cage to the dolphins. They can not behave naturally in captivity, and the facilities are not able to provide for their behavioral needs. This causes them terrible stress which severely compromises their health and immune system functions and can eventually result in death. Captive dolphins may also suffer and die from intestinal disease and chlorine poisoning.
My "book" inspiration is actually a poem--Elizabeth Barret Browning's "How Do I Love Thee?" The explosion box is filled with different things that I love about my hubby. I used several Cricut cartridges, including Everyday Paper Dolls, Create a Critter, Accent Essentials, and Doodlecharms.
Last night's concert had been the best so far on the tour. The audience not only responded to the old hits, but also to the new songs.
Connor - "ARTIST - What's for supper?"
Scene of noise.
Then I heard one very loud chant led by a guy. I turned to look and commented to wifey that the guy looked like the char koay teow guy in the food court near our home. She exclaimed, "It's him-la!' I didn't think it was him at first because he always appeared very slumber and relaxed at his stall and not as energetic as he was here.
How many? We don’t know. Our best guess is five million to six million prints and contact sheets (each sheet, of course, representing many discrete images) and 300,000 sacks of negatives...The picture archive also includes 13,500 DVDs, each storing about 4.7 gigabytes worth of imagery. When the Museum of Modern Art set out to exhibit the highlights of the Times archive in 1996, it dispatched four curators. They spent nine months poring over 3,000 subjects, working with two Times editors, one of whom spent a year on the project. In the end, they estimated that they’d seen only one-quarter of the total. If we posted 10 new archival pictures every weekday on Tumblr, just from our print collection, we wouldn’t have the whole thing online until the year 3935.
“What does it matter who I am? Just give me the prisoners so we can finish our business and be on our way,” replied Johan sternly.
When seen in this way, the right to confrontation can be said to be the principal means by which the accused’s participation in the trial process is mobilised. The accused’s dignity is preserved because her role, on this account, is equalised with that of the state. To quote from Duff again,
On Oct. 13, 2009 I was rushed to surgery when the baby’s heart rate dropped. After an emergency C-section at the Walt Disney Pavilion at Florida Hospital for Children, Kaleb was welcomed into this world… 13 weeks early. He was just 1 lb., 10 oz. and 12 inches long.
Michael Devine - There have been so many, however, one of the most flattering orders came from Aerin Lauders designer who used the fabric in Aerin's bedroom in the Hamptons. That was really thrilling..
“Danny” Trent responded without missing a beat. “Cos your name's Daniel see.”
What a wonderful message to send to players and fans: We really couldn’t care less about player safety as long as the fans have something to cheer about between periodic demonstrations of athletic ability by the real hockey players on the ice.
Robert James William Winfried (Con) 443
Darvish(W, 4-0) 7.0 4 1 1 2 9 1 2.18
I opted for BCS (Those of who don’t know BCS is Bachelor of Computer Science), hoping things will turn good. I was pretty decent in programming but as usual teachers ruined the interest and I was badly depressed in my graduation also. During my grad some of my friends introduced me to Alt Rock, Punk and the distorted guitars swayed me to the guitar classes. And this was the real beginning for discovery of real me. Guitar studies helped me realize that apart from Classical, Rock(the mainstream rock, not to be confused with the real Van Halen or Jimi Hendrix rock), Pop entities like Grunge, Metal, Blues, Jazz also exist and I found them really authentic.
"I want you all to know just how special you all are," Mrs. Obama said. "Today, we are here to celebrate all of you."
As I talked about in my last post (Bad Memory), I was triggered big time today (or I should say yesterday at this point). Those memories brought up a lot of feelings and emotions that were pushed aside in the aftermath of the affair that happened in 2008/2009. Back then I wasn’t as strong and determined as I am now. I was too quick to take Mr. Mess’s word on things and believe him when he said he could stop all of his acting out by himself. We had several tense weeks/ months after my discovery, and I laid out a few actions that I wanted him to take. But overall I didn’t really know what I was doing, I didn’t seek support or assistance, and I didn’t hold him really accountable like I should have.
Ms. Pelosi also stated, “Our Founders had an idea. It was called democracy. It said elections are determined by the people, the voice and the vote of the people, not by the bankrolls of the privileged few. This Supreme Court decision flies in the face of our Founders’ vision and we want to reverse it.”
Okay, I’m only half joking with the title. When this posts I’ll be in Disneyland! Then next weekend I’ll go to Reno, then celebrate Easter, and I’m pretty sure Steven has some parties marked out for us to go to the last two weekends of the month.
Steve Beckow: Thank you, Graham, and welcome, Lord.
The winner of the GREEN DESK SET SWEET STUFF is.....
Will Katie be able to fool the awaiting media and live up to being a stand-in for the world’s most famous movie star? Can an ordinary girl fill the most famous Manolos on the planet? And whatever will happen to her pledge never, under any circumstances, to fall in love again?
This is not for the faint hearted.
CHING LING FOO
We flew out of Perth at about midnight made good speed cross country and landing in Melbourne at around 5am. 5 hours to kill before we took off again for Maroochydore on the Sunshine Coast! I read a book, Mike wandered around looking for somewhere to print our boarding passes, unsuccessful in his mission he returned and we had some breakfast before checking our baggage in. We had tried when we first arrived but were told to come back at 8am!
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Old Viscosity
The fish or cut bait
-Potentially why james took a long time to breathe/clear his lungs. That birth presentation/posture would have put extra/incorrect/not enough pressure on his body. The vagina is meant to clamp down on the chest of the baby to expel fluids after the head is born, but maybe his presentation prevented this clamping from happening correctly. They say the first breath is the hardest to take so having extra fluid to clear or feeling an extra weight must have made it harder.
company co-owners Dimitri Komarov and Dmitry Liberman). After pulling
I ask for your prayers and thoughts of the victims and family of this tragedy. The little nine year old girl who died at the hospital. Such a senseless, senseless tragedy.
Needless to say
http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnica_des_montagnes, you can almost not see the blue anymore ! In France we call Arnica Montana the plant for beaten women! It does work miracles!
mirandawurdy@gmail.com
Guantanamo Bay does not matter – you know that – we all know that order meant nothing.
Please join me in thanking the talented Ros Crawford for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our Guest Designer!
BOBALOO
Normally, I top this salad with chicken, using frozen chicken breasts I have on hand. It may sound like shoddy cooking to some, but here’s how get it ready fast: I microwave it. First, I defrost it according to however long it suggests (3-4 minutes usually) then I set it to full power and cook it (also about 3-4 minutes). I aim for a little bit on the shorter time for the cooking part, pierce it to see if the juices are running clear to indicate doneness, then add the soy sauce and chicken seasoning and zap it for another 30 seconds to a minute.
Cut. Fold row 3 in 1/2. Sew to face
We tried this tapas style Hue (city in the central Vietnam) restaurant where our friend likes to go as well. We liked the beef with noodle (the one on the bottom right) the best. As you can see, we have eaten most of it when I realized I hadn’t had a picture of it. Some dishes are unique to the region and it was fun to try something new. We liked all the dishes. It’s a place to savor each delicate dish. The prices are higher than what you pay for street food or at more casual joints.
Begin by mixing the salt and flour together, and then slowly add water and stirring until you get a thick glue like consistency....add color of choice if desired....I wanted pink frosting. I used food coloring.
Maybe it’s true that marriage by hetero-normative legal and dogmatic definition (a definition which also predicates the legal definition of sexual intercourse and hence rape) is an institute of “oppression”—
Men baling green hay;
Paul Ryan should be the one arrested for violating these people's rights, and if I were them, I'd pursue that legal avenue.
When asked, Mom responded that she thinks we know each other well enough to post on this sensitive subject. In our neighborhood, garbage pickup happens on Mondays and Thursdays. As a result of Martin Luther King’s birthday, the garbage truck did not visit on Monday. Boy did our garage get stinky even with the mandatory big green waste bin keeping our sealed inside bags contained.
Yes, we need to love ourselves before expecting someone else to love us! It's not selfish, it's accepting the love The Creator has for us. We need to finally accept change as inevitable part of our lives and love ourselves because of WHO WE ARE not 'cause of what size do we fit into.
I wish we had a video of walking in the door with her- you would have thought Lily had been gone for days or had open heart surgery the way our kids bombarded her with hugs and kisses.
If I had to choose I would prefer coffee. I'm really coffee addicted! (*__*) Can't live without it!
Mass clashes were continuing in the area of El Wakr. Qatari forces are fighting against the private Qatari forces.
But even as we critique extra Cambridge satchels about the brain we undeniably involve added challenges to the research. Why does guy really should imagine. Each and every humanity truly feel the actual should select all these sights and concepts inside their articles? It appears to be the belief that movement associated with presumed could possibly become the one many essential part of life. The process regarding believed is actually nearly all it's quite likely your by yourself the majority of required aspect of person lifetime. "I think consequently, I am" Will you be, could possibly be the certainty who's? So what is the idea on this massive tricky system? Is it to provide as their pharmicudical counterpart? And also could be the mind to offer our bodies? Using these problems plus the philosophers involving earlier periods as well as the internet writers along with thinkers associated with these days we are able to just about all recognize of which considered is among the just about the most expected aspects of try it for yourself and of man lifetime, if you're not the one expected aspect of lifetime.
In case you were wondering what happened to the zine, well, days ago an intelligent person on Twitter suggested I just wait until after Christmas. No, I protested, it's nearly done, I can do it! However, I discovered that that close to Christmas, I had to choose between working on the zine and spending time with friends and family, and, well, the latter won. So I'm left instead with a new self-imposed deadline: to get the zine out before the new year. I'm kind of upset I didn't get it out when I'd originally planned to, but, well, life happens!
Ladakh is always known for its rich Buddhist culture along with its place’s naturally exotic beauty. Many of the monasteries you will see here are considered ancient which almost all hold precious relics that have connection with Buddha’s life. The best time to visit the monasteries of Ladakh should be during their festival season too so that you would feel its uplifting spirit and bring you a very enriching experience that it worth remembering. Buddhism will always be the most predominant religion that is practiced in Ladakh. And its high culture would always bring you closer connections with the entire Tibet.
3 produced
When my oldest got old enough to babysit, they would always make something adventurous while we were gone. The girls still do this with the kids they now babysit. Sometime I must get and share the recipe for Sugar Delight. Helpful menu item if you were hoping to go into a diabetic coma.
Hello Friends,
The first four books were: Michael Rosen's You're Thinking About Doughnuts; Gwen Grant's Private: Keep Out; Jacqueline Wilson's Jimmy Jelly and Adèle Geras' Voyage. Two subsequent Children's Laureates, a distinguished Carnegie shortlisted author and a Guardian Lucy Mangan top pick for building a children's library. No-one could say Ann didn't have a good eye for a book.
By JONDI GUMZ
20 W. 44th Street (between 5th & 6th)
This week Robert McCrum is onto something that, as regular readers here will know, has been causing me to gnash my teeth for a while. He quotes a prominent US literary agent: 'A new novel should be summarised in a single sentence, and should stop dinner conversation for at least 10 minutes', and goes on to point out that his own favourite novels, Heart of Darkness and Portrait of a Lady, wouldn't stand that test.
I want to sail sticks across a fresh mud puddle
Overall Place - 975/1945
Unlike British boarding schools, corporal punishment (birching) was barred except in special circumstances and with special permission.
It has always disgusted me when people used abortion as birth control. But those women are few and far between….yes, they exist.
The most eminent lesbian in America is Ellen Degeneres, who recently invited a beefy black man onto her show. It seems he became a pin-up for American women after exposing his hunky torso on an aftershave commercial. To please her mainly female audience, Ellen encouraged him to remove his shirt to wild acclaim.
By this point we KNOW we won't make our original fuel stops so we've rerouted from Luxor to Crete to Luxembourg to Keflavik to Goose Bay, then back on plan.
* Promote this giveaway on your own social medium
All down (including the dog) soggy and smeared with mud from the climb we proceeded with certainly to the club house. Not only was this building built to withstand the waves - but it also contained the bar. And I think we all deserved a whiskey by this stage.
Marrakech is a newer city and most affordable Hout Bay holiday accommodation can be cleaned and fully equipped with everything you'd expect from a luxury villa. There's a TV and DVD players, spacious living areas, and private bedrooms and bathrooms. There is a newer city and most affordable Hout Bay accommodation can be kept entertained at Finca Can Cavana, each leading to self contained parts of the sarasota vacation home rental by Golf Digest Magazine and has 18 holes, is par 72 and 6,120m.
10) Interracial marriage in US hits new high: 1 in 12 “The rise in interracial marriage indicates that race relations have improved over the past quarter century…but America still has a long way to go.”
Daughter: “… and I pray Lord that Blizzard won’t do any snot-blasters tonight all over my clothes. And I pray Addison stops making fun of me in class…”
You can sprinkle some sunflower seeds (or bacon bits if you are the bacon-eating kind) on the broccoli slaw to give it some more crunch and texture. I used to eat the whole thing myself but now that my daughters like it too, I share. I'm a giver.
Look at Other Peoples’ Works
In November 2009 the IPO refused to grant the SPCs applied for. In the case of four of the applications, more active components or ingredients were specified in the applications for SPCs covering those components than were identified in the wording of the claims of the basic patent, and they were not therefore protected by the basic patent under Article 3(a) of Regulation 469/2009. As for the fifth application, while the active components or ingredients identified in the patent were the same as those specified in the SPC application (ie combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin), the MAs submitted in support of that application did not fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 3(b) since they related to medicinal products containing nine active ingredients, that is to say vaccines which did not contain only the active components or ingredients specified in the SPC application and in the patent claims.
It's too neat to suggest that this inward flow of words and images served as preparation for my visit earlier this week to Auschwitz: that wasn't my intention, though in retrospect it did have that effect. But it's a largely separate set of circumstances (not of particular relevance here) that enabled myself and a couple of friends to go there a few days ago.
Much of the art I've found most exciting during the last decade and more arguably falls into this "relational" category, as defined in the way I currently find most interesting. I'm thinking of, e.g., Rotozaza's GuruGuru (discussion here), Cao Fei's RMB City (see also here), Meiro Koizumi's Art of Awakening and Human Opera XXX (here), eteam's Second Life Dumpster (see also here), Graffiti Research Lab (see also here) and at least some of Good/Bad Art Collective's projects (see here; and other highly-respected artists associated with this trend and whose work I admire or find interesting include Marina Abramovic, Liam Gillick, Pierre Huyghe, and Phillippe Parreno, to name a few).
I don't say all of this to say I'm better than anyone else. I'm not. That's not what this post is about either. And it's not about what I think God's purpose is for my life. I know that He's gifted me with a lot of love, a lot of patience, the gift of gab, and the ability to teach. But this isn't about spiritual gifts either.
“To spend less time in doing
This a my "Penny Girl" in progress. I can't call her a Curly Girl. Yet. ;) Her crown is one of my photographs, of a South African penny, with an American penny to top it off. She is "in progress" because there is so much to be done yet...background, a canvas would be nice, details, maybe some hair, paint, wax...Humm, lots to do, but I still like her. Especially her eyes and mouth...
So why contend about if Israel is Israel? Why argue about who is the true Israel? God can and does use and WILL use what we do for his own glory and purpose. In the end and even now it is God who is right in what he does and how he does it.
"Please. Since they can inflict their will on us, our only chance lies in weakening their will. That was why we had to go to Terra. To be divisive. To create many opinions. The shrewdest of the great generals in China's history once said that perfection in war lay in so sapping the enemy's will that he surrenders without fighting. In that maxim lies our ultimate purpose and our most pressing danger."
The project "explores the relationship between written prose and illustrated scenarios," Waterman explains, as it zooms into specific spatial episodes in the lives of five characters.
Now One World Trade Center will lose a radome enclosure due to budget cuts, which means very little except that the building's ridiculous 400 foot spire risks being classified as an antenna and OWTC will no longer be recognized as the tallest building in the country. The death of the radome is one of the many redesigns to the building that have made it the forgettable structure that it is today. And the difference in those
Opening Statement Deliverer: Barrett Bischoff
So we have another completed birthday present ready to go to another little person at their party this coming weekend. They never give you enough gift tags with wrapping paper do they? Here you can see a perfect demonstration of my dodgy DIY handiwork of non matching pink tag with a cut out cupcake badly stuck on with sellotape... kids don't notice that stuff do they?!
After getting our drinks we headed to Congo Square for Cee Lo and finally got a decent spot for the last 5 songs, which happened to include the hits, much to Luz and James' joy. I had Jamesy on my shoulders so he could see and he was so excited he almost knocked me over a few times. Cee Lo was covered in sweat but seemed to be enjoying it - cracking jokes and riling up the crowd.
Lucky her.
My feet were killing me and I'd just left the hotel for a hard day walking around, when I notice I was in a nice shopping area. Covent garden area. I run as fast as I could to the first shoe shop I saw in search of comfy boot and tada! I am obsessed with engineer boots since Tsubasa's for Jerry Girl, but I always wanted to have a good quality pair. Now I do! (they are also of my size. Jerry Girl boots are just an L size. I like them but they are a smaller than my feet :(... )
For the White Chocolate Flowers:
Jesus Christ! Son of The Only Living God, My Lord and My Saviour, please by no means cast me away from Your presence! Amen!
"No, honey. I'm not going to open it. It's not candy."
A very light rain was no trouble at all, we even did some litter pick up at the Marx Binkley cemetery.
3.Think of your creativity, your inner artist, as an artist child. This is your artist child. Yelling, using harsh words and berating your artist child won’t get it to come out and play (write, work).
Magpie
05. Big Blue Plymouth ( continue )
So she called him. After six months, they started dating. “I love the relationship he has with his mother. That tells you A LOT about a man,” said Beverly. “I’ve been in a lot of therapy to bring a healthy person into my life. If I didn’t work on myself first, I would have passed Steve right by.”
Today the better part of our day was spent installing the over-range microwave. Nothing about the install was too hard, but there was definitely a lot to do. We got to cut a hole to the outside and install the vent. We also had to move the electrical wire we had run for the microwave because we had hoped it would be able to plug in behind itself but the microwave required a plug in the cupboard above it instead.
Cardstock: Georgia Pacific, SU, and Recollections
shaking her grey mane at such utterings,
Here is the other hay rack and their gravity mineral feeder made out of PVC pipe. As you can see, the house is pretty cozy and so if we end up keeping a few more girls that are born this summer… it probably won’t work for much longer. However, The Boy was thinking it might make a nice buck shelter for 1 to a few bucks if we get to that size of operation. Or even if we need to split the herd into smaller groups.
The two Special Weapons and Tactics officers who were killed in the apartment were identified as Sgt. Ervin Romans, 43, and Sgt. Dan Sakai, 35.
strong cup of sky--
Is out on a limb
Statistics are only supposed to point to trends, and those trends are real, so it’s worth listening to their warnings. Waiting until you’re 37 or 38 to start having children, for instance, can lead to a lot of heartbreak. It’s just harder to get pregnant in your late thirties than it is in your late twenties. But that doesn’t mean it won’t work for you; just that you should be aware of the risk, and decide accordingly. Similarly, studies tell us that staying married for the kids, even if you aren’t happy, is still better for the kids than if you split up. Nevertheless, that doesn’t mean that your particular kids will do better, or that you should stay with a serial adulterer. But ignoring the stats just because you don’t like them can be awfully stupid. I remember talking to someone close to me who was about to ditch her husband to move in with her lover. “What about your kids?” I asked. She laughed it off. “They’ll be fine. They’re good kids.” I would have none of it. “I was a good kid, too, and I wasn’t fine.” I wish in retrospect she had listened to me. Society would be much better off if more people heeded those warnings.
Northward bound, Austin and I stopped at one of my favorite places to shop for unusual plants, the Mustang Flea Market in Tampa. Lots of plants and produce you won't find in your local grocery store.
Cooking soda: 1 tsp
The Palace is a large piece of furniture. It is unlikely to fit easily in to the new garden. Or, if it does, it is unlikely to fit well. I can't in good conscience give my girls less free ranging space. So that leaves me with a dilemma.
354 **8. “The Modern Greek Character and Islam.” Greek Star. Chicago, Illinois July 25, 2002, p. 7, August 1, 2002, p. 8. (Source: Item D-VI/13/1976, below.)
We need – and I am saying nothing new – urgently to revision our relationship to the planet and the needs of her other inhabitants. We need to understand, really understand, what it means to live genuinely ecocentrically rather than anthropocentrically – to live as if every other species which shares this planet with us has the same inherent rights as us within their own different sphere. We need to perceive and relate horizontally, for a change, instead of heirarchically. We need to stop seeing other beings and other parts of the planet as 'resources', and instead as integral and crucial parts of a healthy functioning ecosystem. Think it doesn't matter that we are losing species at the rate of – what, three a day? It does. Everything has a place in the web of being, even if we can't see it.
Buy Patio Speakers Online – Do You Know What to Look For?
If your home is built on a pier-and-beam, floor outlets can be installed fairly reasonably and you can skip all this hub-bub! Do you have any brilliant ideas for disguising cords? Remember, I'm not an electrician, I just play one online.
Orombi said the Global South took the Decade of Evangelism seriously. Most African provinces grew steadily, even uncontrollably. Not so with the Global North churches. The Western world debated human sexuality. They did not grow.
If I knew yesterday what I know today
she does what i like to do and that is to photograph beautiful places!
But on a bright note...my Sweet little Allison has taken to her glasses just fine! Hardly any issue of her taking them off at all. And can you believe my precious Emily is actually reading! It blows me away when she can read something. It's SO amazing watching her! They are growing so fast! Hard to believe Emily will start kindergarten and Allison preschool this year!! Oh how time flies!
34And Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Lachish to Eglon: and they took up their position against it and made an attack on it;
Mix and press into the bottom of a 9x13 pan
The Cop caper, ugh why was it in the book? That’s all I got to say about that.
In fact I’m so ok with it that I’d be like “awesome, I’m coming … buy me a dance then go enjoy yours!” haha!
If we are not careful though, I think the danger here, is that class-time could become boring, both for teacher and the students.
Equity Balance @ 09/30/2011: $3,143.11
Because out there in the mad world of food blogging people seem to want to share. Not just their recipes or reviews in print. But real actual food that they’ve carefully grown or crafted with their own hands. And so I’m in deep because I like food and I like sharing. What started as a chance to bag a wild garlic plant for the garden, has turned into a whole host of meetings usually with some food item surreptitiously handed over: from cooking pork five ways for this project to learning the glories of real pie mash and liquor.…and well this. A reverse ‘Where’s my Pork Chop’ exchange, commonly known on twitter as rWMPC.
To express our gratitude for your support over the past 5 years, Picnik Premium is free for everyone! Use Picnik in all of its premium glory, for free, from now until our actual closing day. Touch-up, Textures, Advanced, and more are all free for you to use!
Mike Vernon: Vocals (“Shady Girl, Shady Girl”, “Fool On You”)
Not to mention, spring comes in and I want to be outside.
*After this many kids, we're beginning to put two and two together.
Whoever you are, follow without noise and be of strong heart.)
Having studied our menu carefully we moved to the kitchen and gave Christine a hand with the preparation of the meal. Every dish was something to write home about, we sliced the Port-Salut, which by the way is a local chees, poured honey and lemon onto the chicken, juggled with apples and made every possible mistake to finally produce a very remarkable Tarte Tatin. You remember that according to the legend lots of mistakes should be made... We didn't go as far as dropping it on the kitchen floor though!
I always love snow for Christmas. It makes it so...Christmasy-feeling. But we don't have a stitch of snow here in our little town, so I guess I'll have to be content with looking at pictures and wishing we were back in CO because they have lots of snow. I don't want a blizzard but just the thought of snowflakes drifting lazily down while we're opening presents and Christmas music is playing in the background...it sounds perfect.
If one were to base their convictions and opinions on the propagated talking points in the western media, and accept their delusional contextualization of the Iranian issue, one would think that the Iranian state is a menace and an existential threat to, not only the U.S. and Israel, but the entire world. If one was sufficiently convinced that Iran posed a direct threat to their security, in such a state of fear, one might even support a preemptive attack. This contextualization is so twisted and backwards that while laughable, is also extremely dangerous as it could possibly lead to the death of hundreds of thousands of human beings.
Talk about in media res, Greatshadow begins with the first-person narrator being thrown out a 500-foot-high window, and the action never slows after that. But Maxey still manages to give us a feel for his main characters. Our narrator is the devoted sidekick of the superhuman warrior woman Infidel. Surprisingly, the narrator does not survive the first 25 pages, yet his disembodied spirit continues to tell the tale. Hints have been dropped that the story will involve Infidel attempting to rob an immensely powerful dragon of its treasure.
A fan of tradition he was not.
Please welcome Melissa Smith.
There is no other mention of this beer on any of the beer websites, so it is obviously extremely rare and possibly a one-off cask! Come on down and get a growler of it!
This year for Christmas my sister gave me the book Tom Kundig: Houses 2 and I am so happy to have a new addition to my library for design and architectural inspiration. I found the architecture of this Dream Home in Maui particularly inspiring and wanted to share it with you today:
As fans we demand more football, our appetites are almost insatiable. We worship the weekend warriors, until they no longer are of use to our teams. We ask Earl Campbell to tote the rock 40 times a game and then pity him when we see his mangled and beaten frame today. We hail John Mackey for his toughness, his unwillingness to go down and then are moved to tears as we see him in his final days.
So, get that all out of the way, have breakfast and everything before the kids show up. Then, maybe more of a checklist/routine rather than a set schedule:
Wait, what’s this?! A dilemma!?
"Ouma repeatedly told the story how Oupa lay in the passage in his own blood."
Blaschka: Glass creatures of the Ocean – An Illustrated History of The Natural History Museum (NHM), London Collection
What is your favorite embellishment?
So on those days when those feelings start creeping in, think of someone to do something for: send a card, make a call, buy someone lunch. Bring out your best when you’re feeling your worst.
Maggotron is from Tasmania, Australia – 22 years old – and now living in Stockholm, Sweden. She describes herself as an alternative model – and she work with both experienced and amateur photographers. Maggotron or Chrissy is not a professional model, but the income from the model work helps on her income, as she is looking for work in her new country. The styles she likes to pose in is Goth – Cyber – Alternative – Fantasy – Pin-Up – Fetish – Burlesque – Metal/Rock – Merchandise/Ads – Fashion – Military – Art – Fine Art Nude – but as she is open to all ideas. This should be a great opportunity for photographers in Sweden and elsewhere in Europe – to work with a fresh and beautiful Australian girl. See more info and photos of Maggotron at Model Mayhem and Facebook.
suddenly “make sense”.
But she said the issue of pedestrian safety did come up at a Highland parent council meeting one day after the accident. She said parents have some concerns, particularly with the expected increase in traffic brought by a new elementary school planned to open down the road from Highland in September 2007.
Usually it’s exciting. But this time it comes with that feeling you get when your dad’s brand new Merc goes crunch into the lamppost; with that spine-chilling realisation that the spider is actually inside the shower with you.
Servings: 6-8
Alas we are broke, without time and too busy fighting amongst each other to band together enough, to really be heard.
“Gunny.” The men shook hands. “Pleased to finally meet the legend.”
Without further ado, here is my amazing art collection.
Liquidated damages. Because of termination the licensor may have to forgo income that cannot be regained easily by licensing to another party or parties following such termination. This might be the case if, for example, the opportune licensing moment had passed or the incident had generated bad publicity. A liquidated damages provision allows the licensor to recover income lost in such circumstances. In a liquidated damages provision for the future royalty income of the licence, had it not been terminated, is estimated and discounted for payment in a lumpsum to the licensor within 30-90 days after the termination date. The procedure to be followed is shown in the agreement, and it usually provides for discounting at an agreed-on rate. In practice, the licensee should carefully assess the implications of a liquidated damages provision and negotiate it for a lower settlement or for its possible deletion.
Once you have chosen your photos, click "Create." If you wish to edit it, click on "Edit" at the top of the mosaic. Then you can go back and delete or change any photos, background colors, etc. When you are satisfied, click on "Save" at the top of the page.
Some pandaren sought a way beyond the mist. Pandaren explorers began to use a giant turtle called Shen-zin Su. The great sea turtle roamed Azeroth’s oceans until eventually they too lost contact with their mist covered homeland.
I'm that mom who just got up in the middle of writing this to get him a glass of chocolate milk.
I signed up to take the Office Support Exam, which is required for anyone applying for a clerical or administrative level job with the State of Wisconsin. No, it's not my dream to be a secretary, but an employed secretary is better than an unemployed manager any day. Nine to 5 with dental: that's what I'm looking for now. The corner office is so far from my imagination that I can't even see it with a telescope. A job. That's all I want. A job.
we didn't do that this time. and, i'm more disappointed in myself than you will ever know.
*Create a project every other week
In the same way, when you are “planted” in the Word of God, your spirit is fed and you grow strong just like the tree by the water. You’ll bring forth fruit at the proper season. In other words, you’ll be in the right place and the right time. You’ll be productive and fruitful. And notice the end of today’s verse. It says that whatever you do will prosper! Do you want to prosper in your relationships? Seek God’s Word regarding relationships. Do you want to prosper in your health? Seek God’s Word about healing. Do you want to prosper in your finances? Seek God’s Word regarding finances. Make sure your heart and mind are planted in the Word of God. Let Him illuminate your heart with truth. Let Him wash over you with His promises. Seek Him, trust Him and obey Him, and everything you do will prosper!
This, of course, means that I woke up at 6:00 (sans alarm, this is natural) and tried to go back to sleep, but couldn’t. So I drank my protein breakfast shake at 7 and then had an hour for it to kick in. I spent that time being majorly productive: ironing my clothes, taking out the trash and then vacuuming (I could totally do it so early since the people above me did it at 6, and the witch downstairs’ windows were open when I took the trash out, which means she’s awake).
There’s a few things I still need to do – add another wire basket and a hanging stacker-thing – it makes better use of our space.
Anyway, the Senat. It's the upper chamber of the French legislature. There are... 340? members. (Their website tells me 343 - I think I was close enough.) And they have the job of scrutinising legislation passed by the lower house, the Assemblee Nationale, and amending it if they think it necessary. Any amendments have to be agreed by the Assemblee Nationale, and, when both houses are in agreement, it goes to the President to sign. (He can't actually refuse, though he technically has the power to do so, I think. What he can do if he hates it is sign it into law, but not implement it - not set an activation date, if you will.)
So, I've received some emails from people saying I'm not showing up in their reader anymore and why aren't I writing anymore and well, I don't know this whole thing works but you see, I moved Moms without Blogs over to Wordpress and maybe that means my posts over there aren't showing up to you in your Blogger life.
I wanted to joke.
Overall, I'm really pleased with this sequel! There was none of the typical sequel slump that so many second books go through. Everything kept progressing at an equal pace with the first book.
Brulee tossed the crystal orb over to Creme, which the human caught instinctly and then stared at it vacantly.
Most of the flowers on the trees were shredded by the wind yesterday, it makes the ground look pretty underneath the trees with all the flower petals covering the ground, but they would have looked even better on the trees.
Myself and 2 little ones. 9 months and 18 months. We spent a lot of time cuddled on the sofa singing action rhymes and reading books and a little bit of Peek a boo!!
Xtina…why do you bring out such hostile feelings in me? I can’t even comment on the Toddlers and Tiaras-inspired getup she’s wearing in this clip. Like, I can’t. So let’s move on.
The end of April was much like this and continues to be so. Not had education hanging over my shoulders since I was about three. Hard to get accustomed once more. Since it all ended I’ve been seeing giants walking the streets and reading my own writing in a published mag, I think I’m high even though I feel so low.
I wrote Cracked with abandon—the two main characters demanded it. Victor and Bull became living breathing human beings with important stories to tell--painful and sometimes raw stories--but important nonetheless.
And it works on a radically different timeline from school, too. Just because state mandates say that fourth graders learn to long-divide, it doesn't mean there's some innate need to learn to long-divide at age 9. No one needs to long-divide until they need to long-divide. Not sooner, not later. And when one needs to know something, one typically goes about learning it.
While I was waiting in line at Sam’s Club the nice guy came by and offered to pre-scan all my cart so that once I made it to the front of the line it would be super fast. Great. He worked through the cart with his scan gun and said, “oh, and a happy SAD day to you.” Pardon? ”Happy Singles Awareness Day, and thanks for shoving it down our throats.” Wow. My cart was full of pork, bread, edamame and clementines…not sure how that was a giant Valentine display…but whatever.
Well I better scoot folks. I need to jump in the shower and get ready to go. Have a good one. Happy Fathers day to all the dads.
Here is the inside. I used the same papers from the outside along with a fun stamp set from CTMH called Christmas Melodies (D1324) that was available last year. I love this set and you can find it on ebay from time to time.
Now for my Frugal Round-up:
But how do you forgive? That's where my faith comes in. My relationship with God was such a huge part of my healing. I suppose different people have slightly different understandings of forgiveness based on their life experience or faith foundation.
SU Dimensionals
Now the story could have ended here... but I was bothered by the gingham tape. It just wasn't doing it for me, it seemed unfinished, and the gingham pattern had some imperfections. See, I told you I was particular! So I bought some trim at Home Depot and cut it down to size (my first time using the chop saw without HandyMan around!)
It's still gorgeous summer weather out here right now so I'm thinking there will be a few more lunches and dinners like this one. If you can stand turning your oven on for the time it takes to bake the eggplant, I think this is something that would go well with all sorts of things. You could maybe make it early in the morning when it's not so hot yet if the heat is an issue. Eggplant Bacon is super easy to make. You just slice up some eggplant, mix together the marinade, dip the eggplant in the marinade and bake it. Easy peasy. Even better - even some of our omnivore friends loved it.
beets and root vegetables are ready to start harvesting, small harvests...unless you are canning/storing
More pictures -
TEXT QUESTION: WHAT FOR?
6. Plate your fish, top with roasted red pepper sauce
World 8 Warp: Yield the abstruse avenue from the Apple 5 Apparition House
rich the government will just take it away
Here's that location:
Cooking in the Philippines has been an interesting experience to say the least. Finding ingredients, having enough wood for the fire, and having to cook based on the season of the main ingredient, most food is not frozen and preserved to last on shelves for months at a time. However the freshness of the food is something that has to be taken advantage of here. In the back yard lemongrass, ginger, calamansi, cilis, basil, mint, and rosemary grow in abundance all year round. In the market you can find almost any vegetable you will need for any improvised dish. However one unforeseen development is how cooking has become a way to exchange a unique facet of American culture that is not really experienced here.
So, it appears that a scientist who knew the report was rubbish kept quiet because he worked for Pachauri and because you do not point out mistakes if you know the might of the IPCC. This chimes perfectly with the atmosphere of bullying, intimidation and jobs for the boys revealed in the CRU emails.
The figure scowled at him and went back to fingering through the worn and delicate pages of the manuscript it had procured from the alcove with apparent disregard for the book’s age and fragile nature. And yet the pages held, flowing as graceful and delicately through its fingers as it did through the room.
Inspired by seeing bands in '81 like Black Flag, Feederz, The stains, Circle Jerks, they were soon to discover and be inspired by the D.I.Y. ethos of some of the UK's best, Crass, Discharge and the like, as well as their message of the whole anarcho-peace punk scene. Albeit from Sylmar, CA they would go on to release their only single on Flipside Records, #4, in 1985. Interesting choice of songs as "In These Times..." was quite memorable but a long stretch of the sound and vibe of their general direction. Side 2 is that direction they were notorious for. An excellent and sometimes overlooked single.
rare like Chambord
1. recognize that WHERE YOU ARE RIGHT NOW is your NOW! And serve God in it! You are called for TODAY not just something out there in TOMORROW land. Be faithful today
KNOCK KNOCK
For example, you might find that lack of communication is a barrier. You might spend money on speech therapy, signing assistance, social story charts or an iPad. These are things that you can do for your children today. They will provide at least some benefit and probably happiness too.
27. CANCER SUCKS!!!!!
Of course, the court can find Najib ‘innocent’. But given he was the main person behind the purchase, the chances are slimmer. Would a soldier or his general get a bribe of RM570 million to buy the subs? Would a soldier have the capability to sanction the purchase in the first place? The answers are clear and self-explanatory.
La Bellevilloise is a fun address - not necessarily for cocktails - but a fun address nonetheless. Originally founded as a cooperative in 1877, it offered educational and cultural opportunities to the masses until the mid-20th century. In 2005, it was reopened as an independent artistic venue (comprising 5 different spaces) with an extensive program of movies, exhibitions and other interesting activities. Their airy restaurant offers a reasonably priced menu and the terrace cafe is a sweet, secluded little find.
I prefer peace but when confrontation is inevitable, I prefer confrontation, especially if it's goona help us to feel better. I got a big one with a friend few years ago, it was really hard and I cried, since that day, we have a beautiful relationship with a lot of respect and admiration. I had another one with some co-workers, and I think that it was a very good thing. We both realized that there were misunderstanding in both of us, and that it was bad. Since, it's much easier.
**Disclaimer
Connect with Jenna: Twitter @JennaLucadoBish
R A
American writer Walter M. Miller, Jr.'s best known work is his classic A Canticle for Leibowitz, but in the 1950s, his novelettes and novellas earned him high praise and acclaim for his treatment of matters of religion and morality in worlds, present and future alike, that often contain dark undertones to them. Before discussing the stories found in this reprint anthology, Dark Benediction, a little bit should be said about its author, as Miller's experiences influenced his stories much more than virtually all of the other authors found in the Gollancz Masterworks lists.
Being wanted, he may be more wonder'd at,
I have some wonderful things coming up on the horizon. For starters, Rudy and I are going to Disney this spring. I can’t wait and I’m so excited! I don’t remember our trip there when I was five so I can’t wait to relive it and to spend a whole week with Rudy, someone I only get to see every other weekend right now. So excited! Then there’s the Chicago trip in August. We can’t forget about that one! I’ve never been to Chicago ever and I hear it’s a great place to go. Rudy and I have plans for a few things we’d like to do and we’ll be meeting up with all the wonderful people I’ve “met” in the online community. So excited! I can’t wait to be able to put faces to names (and screen-names) and to get to know people outside of the online world.
Agreeably with this, we ought to understand that God, though He give not to our will, doth give for our salvation. For suppose the thing thou have asked be to thine hurt, and the Physician knows that it is to thine hurt; what then? It is not to be said that the physician does not give ear to thee, when, perhaps, thou askest for cold water, and if it is good for thee, he gives it immediately, if not good, he gives it not. Had he no ears for thy request, or rather, did he give ear for thy weal, even when he gainsaid thy will? Then let there be in you charity, my brethren; let it be in you, and then set, your minds at rest: even when the thing ye ask for is not given you, your prayer is, granted, only, ye know it not. Many have been given into their own hands, to their own hurt: of whom the apostle saith, “God gave them up to their own hearts’ lusts" (Rom 1:24). Some man hath asked for a great sum of money; he hath received, to his hurt. When he had it not, he had little to fear; no sooner did he come to have it, than he became a prey to the more powerful. Was not that man’s request granted to his own hurt, who would needs have that for which he should be sought after by the robber, whereas, being poor, none sought after him? Learn to beseech God that ye may commit it to the Physician to do what He knows best. Do thou confess the disease, let Him apply the means of healing. Do thou only hold fast charity. For He will needs cut, will needs burn; what if thou criest out, and art not spared for thy crying under the cutting, under the burning and the tribulation, yet He knows how far the rottenness reaches. Thou wouldest have Him even now take off His hands, and He considers only the deepness of the sore; He knows how far to go. He does not attend to thee for thy will, but he does attend to thee for thy healing. Be ye sure, then, my brethren, that what the apostle saith is true: “For we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered: for He maketh intercession for the saints" (Rom 8:26-27). How is it said, “The Spirit itself intercedeth for the saints,” but as meaning the charity which is wrought in thee by the Spirit? For therefore saith the same apostle: “The charity of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit which is given unto us" (Rom 5:5). It is charity that groans, it is charity that prays: against it He who gave it cannot shut His ears. Set your minds at rest: let charity; ask, and the ears of God are there. Not thatwhich thou wishest is done, but that is done which is advantageous. Therefore, “whatever we ask,” saith he, “we shall receive of Him,” I have already said, If thou understand it to mean, “for salvation,” there is no question: if not for salvation, there is a question, and a great one, a question that makes thee an accuser of the apostle Paul. “Whatever we ask, we receive of Him, because we keep His commandments, and do these things that are pleasing in His sight:” within, where He seeth.
After some struggling, Merridew finally convinces Barley to come with him. During the car ride, Barley demands, "Are you the people who've been snooping round my daughter, asking her a lot of stupid questions?" to which Merridew insists it couldn't be them because they're too "commercial" for that. Sound they arrive at rented town house, and inside, Barley is introduced to Ned in an indoor library.
I rode bikes all the way to South Beach to visit my wonderfully colorful friend, Alberto. He is know in South Beach as “The Divine Painter”. Go down Espanola Way until you get to the last restaurant….go a little further and look to the South and you will see Alberto’s little cottage with painted OM’s and trinkets and rubber snakes hanging out on the front steps. Walk right in if the door is open! Alberto’s home is a studio and gallery. Sit down and he will talk your ear off but, usually offers you a beer and is in great spirits…even if you don’t buy anything, you walk away with a smile on your face for the day!
Starring: Radek, Lidl shoppers.
Want to take a guess where I went this week?
And the sequel.
On that note I am off to bed.
We also made a brief stop at the sulfury-smelling San Juan thermal springs, so named for the river they eventually supply. The river is composed of the confluence of mountain spring water and volcanic minerals mixing together at the site of the thermal springs. This is said to be the second most beautiful river in Colombia.
Who are the “Penetrators”?
As appetizing as it may be to some spiritual appetites, we cannot demote the preaching task to simply three eisegetical points and an emotional close. We have to search for the revelation in the Biblical text that speaks to these times. Furthermore, we cannot continue to celebrate the wrong ideas of greatness! Fine cars and houses and educational status are all wonderful but they do not supersede a life of service and love to God’s people.
my other colour is sort of goldish/yellow
Next time I see him, he will get a nice loooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggg talk about how I do not respect his lack of respect in my Hall. I think I might have to write this down with big eloquent words just to throw him off.
I give this book 5 out of 5 tiaras. Now, let’s see… there are two Princes of Luxembourg about my age… I’d just have to work on my French… or a prince of Hanover… good thing I already speak German…
I wore my favourite shoes on our grad trip to Victoria, BC. It was September. The air was chilly but the sun still shone. I was to spend a week on a tall ship learning to sail, with 22 classmates and nowhere to hide. Every student in my small school looked forward to their first month of Grade 12 to experience this trip. To hear the stories of the returning class each year and the trademark turks’ head bracelets they had the opportunity to make filled every kid with longing and anticipation, including me. That is, until the time actually came.
Look at it this way. We cook a lot around here. If we need to do some serious chopping and cutting, out come the "good" knives from the drawer, while the other ones in the pretty block on the counter stay put. What kind of comparisons can you make like this? Let me know!!
Jordan - 187
Gold: Berliner Weisse, Snake River Brewing, Jackson, WY
Those early adventures together may feel more like dreams than something real now, but as we sat on the beach (now part of the under 50 cruising club—thanks for that observation Todd!!) and watched the kids play I realized that maybe it’s okay when memories merge and then slip away. There is a knowing that comes from having shared something special: A sureness that is more tangible and has even more
To apply just reply to this site there is no outside link to the scholarship website. All entries will automatically be held over to be entered for an opportunity at being selected for the next years scholarship.
To prepare ourselves for a world without wildlife or wild orchids, we go on with pest-watching. This morning I ate a yogurt outdoors, and within minutes a cohort of Pharaoh ants (Monomorium pharaonis) had gathered around the rim of the detached yogurt seal. Their light yellow bodies and tiny size are characteristic.
Maja (Bo and Jenny´s daughter)
TH flower lace
A late fourth round was also scheduled, but everything was running a bit late so we passed on the last scheduled round which was going to be me running Betrayal at the House on the Hill, pick-up card games, and possibly Ron running Space Hulk.
So the more processing and misleading labeling is leading to increased illnesses in this world. It is known that excess glutamate injected into mice causes seizures on the spot! Ever wonder why the medical doctor might say “I don’t know what caused them, but let’s just start using this medication to control them.” It’s not the MD’s fault for not knowing it could be some nutritional imbalance, heck because of Andrew Carnegie and Nelson Rockefeller via the Flexner Report, medical doctors lost out on training in nutrition that quite possibly have staved off type 2 diabetes, asthma, hypertension and obesity to name a few. Where would the economy be then? In a much better state I know. The US is touted as having the best health care in the world but we are rated 60th in life expectancy.
On a baking sheet, lay 1 phyllo sheet. Brush gently with melted butter, and layer with next phyllo sheet. Repeat until you have about 10 phyllo sheets stacked. Roll remaining phyllo sheets tightly, wrap and refreeze for up to a month.
Chortle: to laugh or chuckle, especially in satisfaction or exultation.
* Reconquista of Spain
We let the kale marinate in the refrigerator for fifteen minutes or so while we pulled the rest of dinner together, which worked great as well! Aarti's original recipe calls for one mango (cubed) and a few handfuls of pepitas to finish it off which would also be a nice touch.
Fly!
MSNBC reported: “He pointed to Gore’s ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ and Tim Flannery’s ‘The Weather Makers’ as other examples of ‘alarmist’ forecasts of the future.”
Beyond the obvious, I’d say that there’s a very unique charm this film has that I feel has gone missing from most current movies. It’s romantic in a sweet way without being sarcastic or saccharin. It took me back to an innocent time, watching it I felt swept up by its magic – which is part of what drew me into wanting to make movies in the first place.
Alex showed some fire and intensity, so I don’t see a reason why he can’t get a contract.
Here’s my April calendar:
No, it’s not a nose, it’s some kind of bump or pimple to the left of my nose. And it’s growing. It isn’t painful, but it is hideous. When I squeeze it nothing happens. Every time I see my reflection I shutter. Will this thing ever go away? Or is it new and here to stay? It has now exceeded the size of my nose, and it’s expansion is showing no sign of stopping. Should I cut it off? . . . or learn to like it?
in his’DELIGHT’,I want to stay.
Rest in the knee–chest position for a few more minutes; you may occasionally turn your head from side to side. Talk to your baby. Then get up again on all fours and carefully rise up to standing. Take care not to lock your knees.
Home Affordable Refinance Program loans made up 20% of refinance funding, according to Freddie Mac Chief Economist Frank Nothaft. It’s the highest since the start of the Treasury Department program.
Magic is the wonder
* Image - Mo Manning 'Mummu'
God wanted to happen because they aren’t called and anointed for that
Semester: Summer 2012
7. (a) Discuss the block diagram of AM radio transmitter and explain the working of each stage .
The days that you are now living are both the end times and the new beginnings. All about you these two forces are gathering speed and creating the brave New World.
200 gram sugar
I have done considerable fishing in my life – not in a while, but at one time, I was fairly adept at baiting a hook, casting a line, and gutting trout.
Weather and country-dependent, it’s unlikely you’ll need a sleeping bag as most places provide – though if on a super budget I’d take a sleeping bag sheet liner if you’re anticipating flee-farms. And a mini-med-kit with plasters, immodium and paracetamol. And a travel adaptor if you are flashpacking, to charge all your gear.
With just one game remaining in the League One campaign, there are only two major placings left to be decided. Charlton have already been crowned Champions and all of the relegation places have been settled.
Level 6: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 96 seconds, ATT: +16.
Lonley minds stop and stare
The contest deadline was originally Dec. 31, but Sobol’s executive vice president of contest management, Sue Pollock, acknowledged that response has been slower than expected and that the date had been pushed back to March 31, 2007.
Add grated cheese
3. Grill the pork until slightly charred on both sides and cooked to medium-well, 4-5 min per side.
That could make the pain
We can march up to the Union Buildings until the cows come home. We are not going to move ourselves forward until we free ourselves from ourselves!
Agent One: Never mind. We go to Plan B. I've already cleared it with the Director.
Overall these storms are very strong. Possible tornadoes, damaging winds, and hail are associated with the cells. Take precautions now to prepare, and if alerts are officially issued for your area, pay attention and follow their directions.
I'm super impressed! Great color and great formula, can't ask for anything more. It's basically what I wanted the other glitters in the collection to be like. I would have gotten them in a heartbeat if they were, but at least my wallet is happy.
As my blood began to rise, I think I ended up sputtering and stammering out something that sounded much less certain than I wanted it to. The other person left it alone after I while, but I couldn't help thinking of an old post I wrote about why I sometimes feel so defensive about the choices I made with my eyes wide pen, while others seem so aggressive and adamant about the choices they made without much conscious thought at all. I couldn't help thinking that it always seems like the questioners in the world - regardless of the calm logic or evidence behind their questions - always seem to be on the defensive from people who just go with the flow and don't invest the time and the spirit to consider alternatives. With a few new touches, the recycled post below touches on this theme and suggests some alternatives. Enjoy!
For design inspiration, I thought I would share some "banquette vignettes". Though not strictly a banquette, this settee vignette is a lovely mix of masculine and feminine elements.
The Void is an indoor light shaft with a mesquite-tiled floor that accommodates the circulation as well as a “Stitchevator” (named after the family dog) carrying tired dogs, snacks or toys between levels and a translucent bridge connecting the Master to a megacloset behind; the Bedrooms zone contains two kids rooms at the top, Master at the basement level and Nanny and Guestroom at the bottom; the Skylight strip employs a number devices (glass, voids, an outdoor courtyard) to distribute light among all of the levels; the rear Garden is a small stripe of green – and chicken coop.
And this is why I have insomnia.
So came plan B, which I think Sawyer likes better anyhow! I ordered two lego Star Wars characters from this shop in white, and they came SUPER FAST and are awesome. If I ever need another lego character vinyl, I know where to order! I had everything ready, and the vinyls arrived Monday. They went immediately onto the wall, and the room was photographed. Are you ready to check it out? Here is the view standing from his doorway....
- You must be a follower of my blog.
Mahek: – Don’t be silly. I am serious.
Husband: “I know, sorry. Two cheeseburger Happy Meals, please.”
“Yeah, thanks for that.” I’d rolled my eyes a lot at her questions. “Nothing’s changed, not even since our last talk two days ago, I promise. Mom and Dad say I’ve always been this way.”
Actually, this might be considered “third generation dataporn”, with the first generation being dot-matrix ASCII nudes of the 70′s/80′s, the second generation being Mandelbrot art (c.f. coffee table books) of the 80′s/90′s, and the third generation being complexity and connectivity art of the ’00s. I have a vague hunch these could be used to also trace out the social evolution of geekdom, from the sort of brutal, rapelike man-imposes-prurient-interests-upon-machine geekdom of ASCII porn, to the puritanical mathematics-driven nonlinear/recursive geekdom of the Mandelbrot art era, to philosopher-king/semantic metageeks of today. But I digress…
Hope everyone has a lovely Christmas.
Perseus’ whole deal is that his Zeus’ half-human kid-
The reason for the snide title, however, is because of the ludicrous classification of Otto's new venture, Keewaydin Cider. It's available in 22 oz. bombers for just over $6, and you can get a taste of it - it's good. However, after dinner as I was about to settle up, I learned that those handy 22 oz. bottles can only be consumed in the restaurant! Why? Because the PLCB considers their cider to be a wine, and therefore Otto's lacks the correct license to sell it for take-out. So Woodchuck and Bulmers and tons of other ciders are fine to buy in sixpack stores - but somehow PA-made Otto's Keewaydin cider is a wine.
This beer used the second runnings from my 2012 English Barleywine. I capped the mash with 1 lb of acid malt, which has been proven in Chad Y's research to help with Brett Only fermentations. I also added about a lb of Extra Special Roast on top to help with color and a little malt complexity (I'm not sure if it will make a difference).
Chris stood stunned and confused in the middle of the street. David, Ann, and four other men in the same dark uniform walked casually to him.
My attempts to rapidly fabricate a village in our new town have been a kind of tragicomedy which you can possibly only appreciate when you’ve felt the happy desperation that is being a stay at home mom. (Happy because instead of working somewhere you’re home taking care of this infinitely adorable little person/desperate because some days you just HAVE to talk to someone else or go somewhere before you collapse in an angry, weeping heap.)
Roy"
Committee members appeared most interested in the third procedural irregularity—namely, an investigation that did not follow the established chain of command. The tone of some comments, however, suggested a fundamental misreading of this issue, a suggestion that the failure came in Chalmers and his underlings failing to stand up for the police—who wanted to do the right thing.
And there he was. TREVOR. The second weirdest part was he wasn’t a guest at the restaurant, he was a server. The first weirdest part was that my husband spotted him and knew his name before I did (I am so lucky to be married to a man who understands the teenage girl inside of me).
Played with play-dough, because it lead to conversations and connections that we talk about to this day.
With a project like this we always err on the conservative side, as you can always continue to take more off, but you can't add it back on! The first several attempts at height were too tall. I lived with this height for several days before realizing that every time I walked by and saw it it reminded me of a feather sticking out of a Derby hat! Three more grindings, and....
Kintyre lighthouse I could see,
Finally I added Platinum Stickles around the edgesof the diecut layers for a little fairy 'bling'. Hope you like today's card and I look forward to seeing your creations on the ILPM blog this week.
one generous scoop of Perfect Pearl (that's the white one) from the Perfect Pearls Metallics set with one full dropper of Weathered Wood Distress Ink re-inker and water added to a Mini Mister spritzer bottle and shake well. Check out Tim Holtz' video for more details on how to do that! Generously sprtiz glossy white heavy weight cardstock with the PP potion. Flick drops of undiluted Weathered Wood and Bundled Sage Distress Ink re-inkers into the mix and allow the cardstock to curl and the inks to run any way they want. Spritz on more PP potion to make the re-inks dilute and run even more until you're happy with the result. Allow the inks to dry or hit it with a heat gun to speed up the process. You can see in the right hand photo how glorious the shimmer is!
-solo cups
Thank you to all who contributed to the HawkWatch Fund through this spring’s Raptorthon event. In addition to Raptorthon participants and sponsor contributions, every dollar raised for the fund was generously matched by the HMANA board. Woohoo!
February 22 - Nicholas Courtney, actor (The Brigadier on "Doctor Who"), 81
The increasing pattern of e-commerce offered increase to e-commerce web solution company professional in broad range of business. e-commerce web development organization is the one that uses newest methods and program in creating e-commerce website.
The Special Juries and shortlists for the following awards have also been announced:
Exercise is extremely important to reduce the risk for cancer, other diseases and to improve your health. Here are some ideas to fit a workout and get the most out of it, even when you don’t have much time.
Tell me which relationship of Clark's is your favorite and why by commenting below.
“It’s Mesdan now,” he replies curtly. “It’s not proper to lurk near a sleeper’s hut, Eliss. Worse when it is the hut of a shaman.”
Friends tried to comfort one another. A group of girls sat in the corner holding hands and praying together. A group of boys stood together and tried to convince each other that they were cool, but you could see in their faces that they were all just as scared and confused as everybody else. Shortly after the second tower collapsed, a student came over to me with tears in his eyes and said "Mr. D, who would do something like that, and why?" I could only shake my head and say "I don't know." I hate questions that I can't answer. Another student was sitting on the floor a few feet away from me. She was alone and I saw that she was crying. I sat down next to her and put my hand on her shoulder and asked her if she was okay. She told me that her older brother worked on the 32nd floor of the North Tower. I tried to reassure her that he probably got out, but she knew I was just saying that; she knew I didn't know for sure. But I didn't know what else to say, and I had to say something. I gave her my phone so she could call home and see if anyone had heard from him. Awhile later she got a call back saying he was okay. A tiny glimmer of good news on an otherwise horrific day.
" Mamy " has left us but the outfits she knitted many years ago have been handed down to the next generation.
Scalloped Edge
There was a low green hill with a stumpy stone monument and apart from that, just a magical landscape, with rows of willows, water birds calling above stretches of floodwater, and in the distance, the iconic outline of Glastonbury Tor. You could see hardly any houses. It struck me that this place had hardly changed in hundreds of years.
trousers, jacket lapel and pocket and his top hat. I added the red colour on the 3 hearts
Harper can't help that Nick has come blazing back into her life in all of his frustratingly appealing, gorgeous architect glory. But in Nick's eyes, Harper's always been the one. If they can only get it right this time, forever might be waiting—just around the bend.
The former head of Goldman Sachs said “I simply do not know where the money is or why the accounts haven’t been reconciled” before adding that as CEO of MF Global Holdings, he is ultimately responsible. The "I don't know" reminds me of Steve Martin's old "Fred's Bank" routine
Black, silk blend shrug, INC. Black overlay cami, Halogen. Khaki pencil skirt with pockets, Talbot’s (thrifted), Black, patent slingbacks, Audrey Brooke. Indian silver necklace.
Who are your favorite bromances, whether real or fictional?
The Sleep Of Reason Produces Monsters
Actually, you’re right. Something’s missing from this picture.
- Michelle
The famous locomotives "Locomotion" and "Rocket" were built here and the works subsequently exported locomotives to developing railways all over the world - often the first to be seen in those countries.
-2 leeks
Walking inside, the large doors slammed behind her, Addison jumping from the loud noise. It was silent and dark in the cathedral, the only light coming in through the stained glass windows and some large chandeliers above her head.
My friend recently told me that when she was living in California there was a place that made huge individual cookies you eat hot from the oven with a spoon.
Please email resume for consideration.
But the Dickersons, regardless of stature and social strata, could all eventually ride wheelies all the way down the road like Alfred, and I could only pop and hold one for about six feet. I was a little better at skidding. This was executed on a dirt road, of which there were plenty in the rural neighborhood of Cliffs Point, 10 miles outside of Chestertown, MD on the Chester River. The idea was to pedal furiously and then hit the coaster brakes (this predates handlebar brakes) and slide as long as possible, leaning into the final few feet and bringing the bike around in a fishtail 180 that pointed you back in the direction you came from, prepared for judgment. Brian Dickerson laid down a physics defying 22 footer on Lands End Road that was never topped. Brian, trumping Alfred in my estimation, eventually mastered the paved skid as well which left actual rubber on the road in the hotter months. This meant that the length of the achievement could be seen by those who had not been there to witness, unlike the dirt skids which were subject to elimination by car tires. Group pilgrimmages to verify any alleged skid over 10 feet, the threshold of a credible claim, was common.
Boy oh boy... the holidays have never been as tough for me as this year is. Down almost 100 pounds now, it's soooo easy to say things like... "Oh, it's just this one bite" or "It's Christmas, I can nibble on this or that"
Alexandria, VA 22314
It's been a bit of a week again. I seem to do this every year before Christmas. When other people are panic-buying mince pies, batteries, stuffing mix and party nibbles as if they'll never be available on the shelves ever again, I'm doing the same with books! Needless to say, our postman and the local courier delivery men have been rather busy of late...
We lay in living ruins; firing and fearing not
That said, hanging the dry wall below the existing plaster walls was no easy feat. Because the plaster walls were thicker than the dry wall, we had to figure out how to get our walls to meet seamlessly. The answer? Beef up the beams.
But here is the sewing cabinet opened:
GHD - in one word - AMAZING - I am looking to do a commercial for an incredible product that I found. Please pay close attention to my Christmas Miracle.
Now, Allie had such a difficult time picking only 3 entries for our Allie's Top 3 award, soooo she picked 6 lucky entries this time.
They are the cannon fodder of “Tricia” and the infamous Jeremy Kyle show, that slightly more cruel British version of US TV's Jerry Springer, where observing broken lives become a blood sport, and where inadequate and broken people are metaphorically eviscerated, to amuse viewers and make them feel superior.
This kitchen has darker counters and a contrasting island. That may work. Remember this is my dream kitchen I can change my mind (lol).
We waited a long time, but it was totally worth it! We ended up FRONT ROW, right up against the stage. We could lean on the stage and there weren’t any people humping us from behind like there usually are because there were separate rows.
How do you write songs?
But for those who do miss reading the zany stuff that spews from my brain, here’s a link to my OCT competition where I wrote my way through to the finals. They end on the 16th and I am on the homestretch. LINK Basically it’s a sci fi world with tons of computer themes, references to internet phenomenons, and a whole bunch of snark. To be honest, the character was so fun to write for and to personify. I experimented with 3rd person and found that to be a whole lot more comfortable than 1st person… which reminds me.
812910 Pet care (except veterinary) services
Sound bites for the bridge club
"Dogs are our link to paradise.
I learned about Cake Pops/Cake Bites/Cake Balls a couple of weeks ago and have made three batches already. I'm serious about how good they are---EVERYone absolutely loves them. I bought Bakerella's book, Cake Pops for Kendall's birthday party, and I had to try them out. Although I am putting the recipe basics here, I highly recommend the book; it is very detailed (yet user-friendly) and filled with inspiration. You can find it everywhere, but I bought mine at Target for about $15.
On Friday we have our first parent-teacher conference of the year. Sweet Pea's progress report was positively glowing. Being a returning student has given her a lot of confidence and she is branching out this year and being more social and speaking more audibly (last year she was so shy nobody could hear her when she spoke at school). She loves being at school and even though she has already been sick a couple times, she has only missed one day of school, I think.
We were wowed by the remoteness as soon as we arrived, based on lush farmland, with sheep roaming in the foreground and mountains looming in the distance. The garden was phenomenal - huge, completely fenced in with a swing a little bike and toy tractor which left the Littlest Hobo desperate to get out and play all day. There were adult bikes too and a basketball hoop, and a vegetable and herb garden and fruit trees to help ourselves from. I mustn’t forget the longest washing line ever - perfect timing given the huge bag of dirty washing we were carting around, and better yet I could satisfy my inner cavewoman watching our smalls flapping in the wind as the sheep grazed nearby.
2) Once sugar is dissolved, increase heat and boil until syrup is reduced by half, down to about one cup*. Stir frequently and reduce heat as needed to keep from boiling over, as it tends to foam up quickly. Serve at your preferred temperature.
In un paio di settimane viaggeranno -" A MusicTour", in California, in Washington, in Oregon.
I'm not even sure when the last time I posted was, but I've been so busy at work that I've barely had time to come up for air, much less work on any projects. I think since I last posted, the only thing I've done is touch up the fireplace. The touch-ups really sharpened the whole look and Brett is totally on board with the black fireplace now.
MH: Are there any bad or over used tropes of genre fiction or are they just author tools to be twisted?
Refueled, we dropped our stuff at the hotel and made a gesture towards more general tourist activities, taking in the Rathaus and the maze of streets before settling on Ambräusianum, the newest brewery/brewpub in Bamberg. Ambräusianum certainly feels more modern, and has lots of corners to hide in and greenery trailing down from the gallery where we found a seat. Regular beers included a Helles and a Dunkel, as one might expect. Ambräusianum Dunkel it is so. A reddish copper, with a light tan head and slight haze. Served super cold. Extremely malty, as in, just like chewing on a fistful of caramalz. A grainy, husky caramel, over-sweet, but with some redeeming blackcurrant fruitiness and a carbonic bite. €2.70, by the way. Not a great start. Hungry again. Can't go wrong with Spätzle mit Nürnberger Bratwurst. Or so I thought. Tasty, but incredibly salty. I needed a mouthful of beer for every bite (of either the noodles or sausages!), and eventually just could not take it. I complained to a waitress about the salt levels, which felt like the chef had tripped, spilling an entire bag into the pan. She shrugged, asked if I didn't want to eat it, and took it away. Kieron's Flammkuchen was every bit as salty, but Brian's pork medallions, wrapped in bacon, with fried potatoes and fresh vegetables were very nice. Double or nothing, let's try the Ambräusianum Hell. Like sugar water with essence of malt and lemon drops. Basically, tastes like a sweetened Radler. Kieron summed the whole experience up in one word: Brutal. No tip. Don't waste your time here.
Limit your em-dashes (—), which interrupt narrative sentences for a non-linear thoughts or, in dialogue, for actual interruptions to speech. Too many interruptions and you risk overextending the reader’s patience.
"Based in Stockholm where he's currently going to school for computer science, Runelöf says he picked up photography as a hobby six years ago when he bought his first camera. Since then, he's mastered the technique known as infrared shooting, using his digital Nikon D70 and a special infrared filter to cast an overexposed effect over his photos
I felt like giving Melissa a few shakes herself, as she agonizes over which man to hitch her wagon to. I was rooting for one young man in particular, but Walker doesn’t show her hand too soon. Instead, she carries the reader along with Melissa as she runs through the pros and cons of each fella. To her credit, Melissa eliminates the married ones. Well, at least the one whose marriage is only one day old. You have to read all the way to the end to see who Melissa chooses. All I’ll tell you is, it’s not the one I wanted her to take up with.
For me, Everlong has to be one of their greatest songs ever written. When ever I have a bad day, Foo Fighters can make it better no matter what!
"Don't worry," Grey comforted me, "I'll clean it all up. Stop trying to take away fun from your children, Trini."
Has anyone else had this issue? Bright red bleeding and all? Need a little reassurance here! No scary stories please. I am to call my nurse first thing in the morning to give her an update. I can't go back to work until it stops and they make sure that all is well in there.
Ok, so I have a huge crush on Dave Grohl, so I may be a biased on this one, but this song rocks. Literally. It chases away all the demons, the judgments, all the bad thoughts and the bad words. I spin like crazy to this song, and in the end, I feel like all the people, places, and things who are getting the best of me are pushed away to make room for the good. The good people, the good thoughts, and the good parts of me.
Neither way is a really good plan when you think about it.
Ok, I'm outta here. Short and sweet, I know. Still lots to do to get ready for tonight. If you have any questions feel free to send me a message.
to the silence
Life is filled with questions but…the answers are up to you!
We paled again.
In the next phase, we decided to mix our own 'professional plaster' for the ceiling.
I have a cabinet literally bursting with dry spices, rubs, blends and mixes; some name brand stuff, some of my own concoctions, and some I get from the Spice Corner in Philadelphia (which is also an excellent place to visit if you're ever in the Italian Market section of the city.) I have tried tons of different dry rubs on pork and beef ribs. I like to experiment. I figure I'm investing a whole day of drinking and sports watching while slow cooking ribs so I want to have some fun tinkering. Whats the fun in having the end result always come out the same after all?
And it burns, burn, burns, the ring of fire
sleepy stroller ride
We search for those pleated sheet of paper made by Redi Shade. It is an American product which used to be distributed by Bunnings. We could not find any in the local Bunnings so we decided to make our own.
I was one of those who just thought the Nazis were a bunch of fools. So, the majority just sat back and let it all happen. Then, before we knew it, they owned us, and we had lost control, and the end of the world had come. My family lost everything. I ended up in a concentration camp and the Allies destroyed my factories.'
Okay well I'll be picking out my 30 pieces (probably all 5 Points wearable other than my pjs that I wear all day everyday now…) after this weekend. Until then I'm off to the lake for the 4th!
1 elegantly
I added 2 tbs of peanut butter, a couple squirts of Sriracha and a heaping tsp of curry powder. Then I used the green bean juice like it was veg broth (because it is) stirred it all up and let it reduce down to a thick, pasty curry.
Mandatory Entry: (you must be a public follower and leave me a way to contact you)
More about crazy 25pts lists for an upcoming crazyass tourney in the next installment. Enjoy the pics.
While the mantra sounds quite lovely, as a poet, storyteller and spiritual guy, the magic is in the meaning. Don’t quote me, but what I remember these 6 syllables to represent is the journey of the lotus. Born in the black mud of the swamp, the lotus makes it’s way through silence and darkness to ever increasing light, ultimately to rise above the surface and blossom into a vision of splendor. No wonder the lotus is such an important Buddhist symbol.
Beloved children I have seen your despair when you have been treated unfairly or been inappropriately judged. It is something that requires great tolerance and patience to not give into tempers that can easily turn into violent response. You have learned to compose yourself and to watch your tongue as your tongue can be a more dangerous weapon than anything you can hold in your hand. Being able to understand and really know that words can hurt and cause deep damage is commendable.
If you could design your own spy gadget, what would it do?
There are so many things I look forward to at Christmas time and will be sad to see go, like the,
Billiard has his great pale belly pulled up out of the way and was going hammer and tongs, his face near as purple as his bell end with all his concentration.
- 2 ¼ teaspoons salt
When I think of “Pride and Prejudice), I am instantly in a world of sunlight and clarity. But James’ novel is much more like the dark, turbid world of the Brontes, wherein even the landscape is bleak and moody (not to say muddy.) Pemberley, it seems, is not the graceful baronial estate as described in the first book; instead it borders a hostile woodland in which even ghosts walk and where, we learn, Darcy’s great grandfather committed suicide with his dog. (Yes, you’ve read that right – with his dog.) Perhaps James is correct in creating this mood and setting for what is, after all, a murder mystery. But it is a mystery that concerns only the most peripheral of Austen’s original characters, and we are left to struggle as to why she would bother to write it at all.
In other words legalised abortion will lead to legalised euthanasia as a cost-saving and population-control measure.
Thirdly, going with the natural structure of a story can free it to reflect the felt experience of time and memory. Our stream of consciousness is not one narrative but many, and they flow through and between all levels of the sevenfold body. We influence those streams by choosing our living memories, taming unruly ones, and putting troubling ones to rest. Placing too much emphasis on objective reality dampens the immediacy of subjectivity.
After students write their sentences and check over them, I edit and give them a pre-made book to copy their sentences in. After students have finished writing their sentences, they add illustrations and color. Finally, when they think their book is finished, I check over them (and may have them add to illustrations!). When they get a 'green light' from me, they write From: (Their Name) on the front cover using a black Sharpie.
The story of the George is also the story of some bizarre characters who once drunk there. There's Sir John Mennis, Comptroller of Charles II's Royal Navy and inventory of a literary genre I've chosen to call Stuart-Era Fart Poetry. There's John Taylor, the Water Poet, who once rowed from London to the Isle of Sheppey in a boat made from paper with oars of salt cod tied to sticks. There's Shakespeare, Dickens, Chaucer, Dick Turpin, the Sugababes, Samuel Pepys, Philip 'the most miserable man in the world' Stubbes, Samuel Johnson, a monkey riding a horse, and possibly the greatest pub landlady who ever lived.
Now on to my blog candy that I will be giving away for this hop. You will have to become a follower of my blog and leave a comment on BOTH days of this hop to be eligible to win this blog candy. I will be giving away a stamp set called "You're so Punny Stamps from Joy's Life. I will be featuring this stamp set in my post for tomorrow so you wont want to miss it.
I blogged a while ago about the journey never being quite what you expected, and that being the joy of writing. But it's also the curse, because you have to forge the path yourself. And if your route goes off course, then you have no-one else to blame. At the moment before you type your first word - take your first step on the path - all is possible. But once you start to move, you don't know if you are heading anywhere near the right direction until you get to your destination.
If, however, you are here for entertainment, allow me to recommend some of the more humorous or ridiculous stories this blog has shared:
In my five-ish years of blogging I have participated in many blogger swaps, organized and hosted by some fabulous ladies, but I have never been so perfectly paired up with someone!
I will not let him win.
Proclamation No. 1064 classifies Boracay into 400 hectares of reserved forest land and 628.96 hectares of agricultural land. The Proclamation likewise provides for a 15-meter buffer zone on each side of the center line of roads and trails, which are reserved for right of way and which shall form part of the area reserved for forest land protection purposes.
He continued preaching, speaking of his truths as if to challenge her, as if to provoke her, as if to see how much she can take before she walks away. He was surprised to see her smile, he was surprised to see her cry, and he was surprised to hear her laugh. He smiled back, feeling elated, showing his darkened teeth, reminding her of his history, revealing to her, her future.
So here’s my two cents, finally! Where is the drumroll? I think, while it takes a village to love and nurture a child, the discipline shouldn’t be left to the village to handle. The village Elders, a.k.a parents should be given the SOLE responsibility of that department. What the Elders decide for the child should be followed by the villagers. Ye or Nay, what say, all?
As it turns out, Wan Batu tells me, he’s about to start a business promoting tourism between South Africa and Malaysia.
While there might not be anything to this particular report, the fact remains that Mixi has been more or less treading water for a year. And as more successful social juggernauts continue to float on by, it only makes sense that Mixi make a move soon or else begin to sink.
XXI
These Beatitudes describe what every Christian should look like. These aren’t to mark the Special Forces Recon Disciples of Christ. These characteristics are to mark all of us – the every day, ordinary, rank-and-file Christians. And as you can easily see, these characteristics are quite counter-cultural. It’s why I say that Christianity is the only true “counter-culture.”
June is Testicular Cancer Awareness month, and guess which sexy singer is taking all of his clothes off in front of the camera in an effort to raise awareness? Yes, 21-year-old “Whatcha Say” singer Jason Derulo flex his muscles in the June issue of Cosmopolitan UK and it’s all in the name of a good course.
I love the comments regarding Aitor!
Fashionista Profile
Brazil’s tropical storms bring death every summer as torrential rains unleash floods and mudlsies that can bury whole communities in minutes. A single storm killed nearly 1,000 people last year.
Kiyomi (after giving this request some serious thought. As if I had just asked her for a kidney): Oh, ALRIGHT. I'll give you until 8:30 tomorrow night.
This week is fall break. That means no school and no real need for the slow-cooker-- I can "regular" cook every night. In fact, yesterday was the first time in quite awhile that I made a real hands-on meal rather than dumping raw ingredients in the crock pot and walking away, or throwing a frozen meal in the microwave. It felt great! I absolutely love the feeling of chopping and stirring and taste-testing as I go along. It's a cathartic thing for me. Some people are overwhelmed by the idea of preparing a meal at the end of a long day, approaching it thinking, "After all that, I still have to cook..." But me? Not at all. It's a quiet time for me-- no matter how crazy my kids might be in the background. After making supper last night, I was happy as a clam! (Side note: Just how happy are clams? Whose job was it to determine that clams were so happy we should measure our own happiness next to theirs? These are the random thoughts I have...)
For me the Popish Plot is both acutely fascinating, an insight into political pathology, and deeply shameful, even though historians are not allowed feelings in such matters! But these days are over, the hysteria is long gone, my interest is purely intellectual and academic. Not quite, sadly. I felt a renewed sense of shame over the churlish reception of Pope Benedict by some sections of our national community, shamed that his message was being drowned out, as the Spectator lead puts it, by the mendacious caricature of him as a former Nazi apologist for child abuse. It all fits with unregenerate bigots like Ian Paisley, whose imagination has not moved much beyond the days of the Popish Plot, as well as self-righteous clots like the laughable Peter Tatchell, the conscience of all gay-kind. English Catholics deserve better; they’ve earned it, my goodness, how they have earned it.
~ Since we have been going to the Library at least once a week, I have been reading like crazy. I have about 6 books out , one is Farwell, My Queen (great book, can't wait to see the movie coming out!) and few books on Cuba and the stories about children who were flow out of Cuba w/out parents right as Castro took over, Operation Peter Pan (very sad and at the same time it shows you how grateful to have been living here!!) another book on boys, another book on St.Josemaria...
The top Chardonnay cuvee from two particular plots, Le Puits and le Cerisier. The first is more elegant and mineral, and the second fruitier. A selection of fruit and a selection of barrels. This in contrast is all oaked, and hand-picked. Quite a deep colour. Ripe fleshy fruit. A certain lactic quality. Ripe and oaky.
I had an Andechs Dunkel Doppelbock when I was in Munich in September. Yummy! Nice and malty. I had to make some of my own. The taste when I racked it has me anticipating when I can clear some space and get this in a keg.
I didn't want to just get through winter....I wanted to actually enjoy it.
One blog pal has already been upset enough to give up her blog.
With the very first line of Anna Karenina Tolstoy asserted that 'Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.' Like Wilde's epigrams it is one of those pithy sentences that sounds wise and true because it is so neat. There is of course something a little patronising about it and I'm not sure I know any of these 'happy' families, everyone's insanely stressed nowadays, aren't they? Anyway, I mention it because this is already my third book this year that shows just how different those 'unhappy' families can be (see The Misfortunates by Dimitri Verhulst reviewed here and This Is Paradise by Will Eaves reviewed here). Torres' slim debut is packed full of memorable images, scenes and moments that describe beautifully the unique trials of a family, and it is the sheer concentration of those into so few pages that helps to elevate it above the other two in terms of achievement. There are occasions when it too obviously shows off the arrival of a 'new voice' but each one of those is balanced out by moments of truly brilliant writing that deserve all of the accolades this book has already earned and will go on to achieve.
I had gone to his office like I did every Tuesday morning at 9:30. I didn’t like his office; it had brown walls and lots of book cases with too many books. I always wondered if he had read any of the books he put up. I sat in the black plush leather chair. That was my chair. He sat in a large red chair that reminded me of the one in Blue’s Clues.
Daffodils = Spring, yay!
5:15 am-barely audible sounds of a bhajan starts coming across.
The result..so far so good. His pain is a ZERO!!!! It may stay that way for six weeks to six months to six years. (We will take the years please.) Far Guy is scheduled for another injection in six weeks.
They are the lungs of the planet. People have not awakened to the potential impact that their removal will cause! The acidity of any liquid is measured on the pH scalefrom 1 to 14, with 7 being the midpoint. The higherthe number, the more alkaline. The oceans have previously been recorded at an 8.2 pH reading which is approximately 10 times more alkaline then human or animal blood. But the concern here is that the oceans pH has now dropped to a pH of 8.1 and is continuing to fall.
For those people who like to run, I came up with ideas for a person who was getting ready to run in a themed marathon in Hawaii and wanted ideas:
There was no
Russell Flinn – Subway Story
Michael Schmidt (4 gelatin silver prints, 1965-1967)
During the summer, Tookie would be on my porch at about 9 or 10 am, asking me to play UNO with him. We played many games in my neighborhood, but sometimes we would start the day off with hours of UNO. Sometimes Tookie would put his younger cousin Dusty up to the task of asking me to play UNO. After a while Dusty, who was about 7, and I, who was about 11, would sit on the porch at night and have these long conversations with each other.
S-Sandwich- Favorite? Quiznos oven roasted turkey breast with cheddar, tomato, pickle, mayo and southwest chipotle sauce!
By bringing these doctors and surgeons to the modern day site of the Gaza Hospital, Pasquini creates a bridge between the then and now. The juxtaposition between archive footage of the hospital and the modern day scenes are an effective way of displaying the transition that the entire city has gone through.
We do have the day game on Sunday, and the team is spending the night in Vegas and flying to Tucson on the off-day Monday. Sunday will be the night that the guys will have free to explore the city – I’d bet that most of the team explores the strip on Sunday evening.
Not empty in the photo I know... by the time I got to this post I had already refilled the container with new polish remover. The Quo remover that came in the bottle was okay, just your basic polish remover, but the pump bottle is fantastic! I'd buy it again just for the bottle. Actually, I already did, to store my pure acetone.
Last but certainly not least on the Boomerocity short list of favorites is Red Rain which comes from Peter's chart topping 1986 album, So. Just as the 3D video of this tune is mind-blowing, just listening to the audio is an incredible experience in and of itself. Add to that experience by listening through a great pair of headphones and you're in for an unforgettable experience.
Of course, each of these categories challenges and extends the definition of Disabled. Yet each also acknowledges a shared category of experience. I find myself curious as to how we might build bridges between these realms, and those we more commonly associate with the term “disability”. I wonder: might a broader vision of disability challenge the isolation so often imposed on us by the Disablist gaze? Might broader categories of experience build coalitions of empathy, or be turned against those more conventionally termed “disabled”?
Anything that puts pressure on the abdomen can weaken or damage these pelvic muscles. Such conditions include pregnancy, childbirth, excess weight, hormonal changes, and aging.
Tetanus shots are needed, or lockjaw will occur
And this “ultimate hunter” thing runs into trouble with point 2 -
Finish: In the end the flavors are well enough balanced that the coda is more of a request for an encore.
--make cushion top for Expedit window seat
If you’ve ever spent any time upside down, you’ve probably either gotten a headache or an epiphany. I tend to lean towards the epiphanies unless my hips are leaning to far forward, in which case the headache ensues from crashing down (gracefully) to the floor. Acro Yoga is a dynamic partner based blend of acrobatics, therapeutic massage, and yoga. San Diego is finally warming up to the practice with more and more people flying through poses like “star”, “floating camel”, and “bird”. My first experience practicing acro yoga was invigorating and inspiring, similar to being a child and learning how to cartwheel. The first time someone presses you upon their feet and releases your hands, you literrally feel the weightlessness of flight- total freedom, total boundlessness.
1. I rate myself higher than that. I’m a catch if I say so myself, I’m a good woman who will never betray my man, will always have his back, will help him be the best person he can be in every possible way; so knowing all of that … why do I want 10% of a man, whilst another chick gets 90%?
But my favorite obit of all is Madeleine Pelner Cosman, a medieval studies expert and professor who passed away on March 2, 2006. From her obit in the NYT:
Suddenly Black Puddings voice took on a very serious and authoritative tone.
Today I am giving away a Large Ad Spot (30 days) on my blog to one of you readers to bring some attention your blog or your shop, or whatever you want promote! You can decide when you want to start your Large Ad, it can start whenever you want!
Looks like we’re going to have to get used to the idea of men wearing dresses. Regardless of the fact, Wu will one day go into “society viewed” men’s clothing to make a profit because at the end of the day, it’s all about the money. It’s about knowing who you are.
The next days were wonderful. He was attentive, affectionate and caring. The little "I love you's" were not rote, but included sincere looks and squeezes. Something had changed and while we weren't quite talking about it, I was certainly paying attention.
A place so pure and divine,
... and it is Aunt Jessie! On Monday at 6:39pm Cayden Elizabeth Jurden was born. Cayden is the first born of my brother Nick and his wife Alicia. She is also the first baby to born that isn't one of mine.
The ego, like any lover, thrives on adversity; the longer you ignore it the sweeter its songs. But your ego's sitting on a cupboard full of solar brilliance and spoon-feeding you muddy shadows. The person who is deemed mad is the person who who surrenders and silences the ego in a sudden snuffing so the cupboards can open and light pour out. He is labeled mad because he initially feels a huge responsibility to keep this holy state going as long as possible, rather than knowing to surrender even that goal. He runs about shaking the lapels of those still asleep, but maybe they don't want to wake up, and why should they, just 'cuz you say so?
Even though I loved this ice cream, I probably won't be making it very often as we recently found out that our daughter is allergic to peanuts. In fact, it turns out that she is allergic to most nuts, except for walnuts and pecans. But we'll probably have her stay away from all nuts in general. :( That being said, if she ever outgrows her peanut allergy, this would be the first thing I'd make for her!
We had also chatted with Wayne's uncle and aunt that were there as well.
What I challenge parents to ask themselves is:
Even in the midst of their surrender, they are still trying to push some of their goals forward.
How does the below sound to the Sultan? Someone who has the ear of the Sultan needs to stress how important the below 3 items are :
“Thank you, GB,” she said smiling coyly. “Fortunately I emptied my bladder into a thermos flask before we shot that scene. It gave me something to drink during the tea break.”
Remind me, Mr Griffiths, what it is we need protection from? On the whole- is it ourselves. No, it’s not. It’s people driving and driving badly. Yes, cyclist take a risk when they get on a bike, and ride (where they are entirely entitled to!) on the road with the traffic. No one would be stupid enough to suggest that there is not some inherent risk with being a cyclist on the road. And yes, accidents do happen. But why do accidents happen?
4.) Jesus says NOTHING about homosexuality.
Paper: Real Red, Gold, Very Vanilla Card Stock and India Gold Paper
The level of education is typically no different than that which would be given in a classroom situation. Your materials and the areas in which you are tested are similar and the laws of your state determine the content and skills that you must master. The disciplines that each student must learn are determined by your universities accrediting body as well as the prerequisites of the state in which you will practice.
The Pelican's are only available at the Beerhive. We'll let you know exactly when they arrive.
Did I ever tell you about Mini-P's arrival? By the photo above, you might not think that she will be celebrating her third birthday in September. Yes, small babies and petite children do run in our family, but this Little Person arrived nearly three months early, on September 30th 2008, by emergency c-section, weighing 2lb 3oz, and was eventually allowed home on New Years Eve.
We can’t ignore these threats – but we need video proof:
Steampunk thus references the certainties of the Victorian age in the context of what came after, when distinctions started to get fuzzy. But why has it become popular now? What is it about now that resonates with then?
Her: “…read through the…”
there is talk of an auto-immune disorder where her body is attacking itself.
Mill Street Brew Pub Mill Street Coffee Porter
62 Lolita – Vladimir Nabokov
The hardest part is being away from those I love. I am in the middle of the country (literally) thousands of miles from anyone I love and sometimes I can't help but wonder if it's really worth it. Honestly, I'm still not sure. But this is what I've got myself into, so I might as well savor it while I've got it.
But I'll always want to be your friend.
My friend, a Royal Conservatory of Music Level 9, herself, has played weddings etc in Toronto and has the academic input here. My unschooled musical ear assessment was not only confirmed but doubly confirmed by her. My multi-genre musical performance attending friend, along with her husband, kept saying, “What amazing talent we witnessed on that stage tonight. We will be seeing them again every chance we can.”
This happens all.the.time.
“D. Much of the plutonium at Hanford and Savannah River is reasonably safe for short-term storage, but DOE is rapidly foreclosing plutonium processing options at those sites. If that trend continues, Hanford and Savannah River may develop some of the same safety problems as Rocky Flats.” (Section I).
Subject: Hi!
Fortunately, we now live in an enlightened age when no man of substance cares whether the woman he courts is a virgin. Take Charlie Sheen, for example. I bet he never even bothered to ask Bree Olson whether she was a virgin before inviting her to join the harem in his kingsize bed. Miss Olson, for her part, has not given any indication of feeling ashamed that Charlie was not her first lover. Indeed, her self-esteem was so undiminished that she callously dumped him by text message.
King: What are these?
It would be set in a women’s school. Oh wait.
In my previous two posts I discussed Star Trek Enterprise, and the JJ Abrams Star Trek franchise. I listed them 5th and 4th on my list. Today I will review one of the Big Three. The Big Three referring to the tour de force 7 seasons of TNG, DS9, and Voyager. Each ran for 7 seasons, with some of them overlapping. Meaning at maximum saturation you had three Star Trek shows on air at once. Pretty damn nifty huh? While Enterprise was the natural evolution of this process, its lackluster 4 seasons ended the Star Trek dynasty. Today I will review my thoughts for the tail end of that Dynasty. Yes today I review
men over two years.
I’m staying away from Dr. Google on this one… My doctor told me not to worry, and I’m taking her advice. So I have gestational hypertension? So what? I take another pill and call it a day. Apparently I’ll feel tired, but what else is new?
Dr Whipsnade then delivered my invitation, using his considerable tact to make it clearly understood that Sir Paul would be expected to arrive unaccompanied.
Make sure you visit the other girls' blogs to see what they dressed up as!
I told him that I struggled with drug addiction and we bonded about the drugs that were my drug of choice, which happened to be his as well.
1 cup pitted dates (not soaked)
3 tablespoons boiling water
18. Bell Jar, The: Sylvia Plath
BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION
chosen the right keys to the wrong doors
1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper
My last post was in January when my father in law was in the hospital. He was diagnosed with Mesothelioma cancer three years ago. This is a cancer mostly caused by being in an environment where you are breathing asbestos. A silent killer that takes 25-35 years to show up and when it does, it is usually too late. Here he is sharing a moment with Mr. Creative.
against human cancers are D-fraction extracted from the Maitake mushroom, and
Welcome friends!! It’s a Wonderful Wednesday today as I celebrate my 1,500th blog post!! I’ve been blogging since August, 2006. I wanted to do a special post for today but wasn’t sure what… that is until yesterday! Mary of Serendipity Stamps asked me if I’d like to participate in her DT’s Butterfly Blog Hop! Of course I said, YES!! So I created a very special project for mom as my “special” post today. Thanks for being here with me and for all the wonderful comments you guys leave. I’m truly blessed to have made some wonderful blogging friends out there. I would NOT be blogging today if it weren’t for your encouragement. *Ü*
What are we waiting for?
Theme: Giveaway (Canada and US only)
So, that was one reason I haven't posted or visited for awhile.
“No carrier wants to see our drivers’ time wasted,” ATA first vice chairman Dan England, chairman and president of C.R. England said. “However, this is not an issue that can be handled with a ‘one-size, fits all’ regulation and as a result is best addressed in contractual agreements between carriers and shippers.”
I was really looking forward to playing Killzone and it didn’t disappoint. My Ultramarines were recruited yet again. I played 4 games over the afternoon and even won a couple of them. Brian’s tables were awesome, so awesome in fact, that Ty and I purchased 3 to bring home. You can follow Brian’s exploits at A Gentleman’s Ones
rush! rush! rush! that's how we feel every tuesday. it's coding day, which means we have to be out of the house by 6:30am and must reach our offices by 7am! good thing it's still early and there's less traffic.
Zachary is consumed by his grief, refusing to leave his apartment until Dave, his assistant in the shop, pulls him out of his house and back into their shop. As Zachary tries to determine his next step regarding his family, he receives a phone call from a lawyer. It seems that Mark Castle, a famous movie star from the 50′s has died and left Zachary the entire Castle estate, including an ancient relic. This powerful token will change Zachary’s life and those around him if Zachary has the courage to use it. And so begins A Token In Time.
Not the best picture, no flat roof to be seen, but you can see how the roofline used to be. The architectural planning department (all men) decided that the old roofline should be kept visible and that therefore the 'gap' should be filled with windows. Or we could forget the flat roof. So, windows it was. Curtains? Anyone thought of that? How on earth.....? So, no curtains in the bedroom. No one has been able to think of a good enough solution that will actually look the part too. All the men involved shrugged their shoulders, frowned and ignored my remarks that I didn't think this window-idea was the best solution. Ah well, what's done is done. There are worse things than no curtains in the bedroom. And I don't have to sleep there. It's a guestroom. And the neighbours have not yet complained. Neither have the guests. Well.....if they would complain I would subtly lead them towards the door. Anyway, where was I? Ah yes, he who invented blister packaging) should be forced to go to all the people all over the world that have bought something in a blister package and open it for them. Without using scissors, knifes or other tools that might come in handy but are really dangerous to use in these instances! Actually, on second thoughts, he should be forced to use a sharp knife! And I also hate the people (well, according to my own theory we can safely assume that they are men too) who decided that to pack a piece of cheese in vacuum sealed plastic was a good idea! They are probably the same people who invented the 'drink carton with the plastic bottle-cap' (tetrapak). If you pour a glass of orange juice for instance, half of it ends up around the glas, not IN it. I know, one should not use gross generalisations like I have just yet. Years of frustration forced me. Sorry. I wonder, do any of you have problems with packaging? Or other daily frustrations you would like to share? It helps to write about it. I feel much better now. (And I really do not hate men! Actually, quite the opposite ;-))
There was a water stop at mile 9, and I stopped to walk through it (I walked through all the water stops, it's too hard to run and drink for us clumsy people). It also got about 10 degrees colder in the span of a minute, and began a light, icy rain. And my legs held a mutiny. My legs were so cold, and my muscles were tightening up by the second. Then, my hamstrings cramped up and REFUSED to run. I couldn't even get them to shuffle slowly.
“So… do you have any pictures of you in your fire fighting gear? cuz that’s like seriously so hot”-Yes I talk like that when I’m in stripper mode. Sorry. Guys there dig dumb girls. They’re not there to listen to me talk.
her dying breath, Mary of Guise entrusts a silver casket to Rinette Leslie of Granmuir, who possesses the ancient gift of floromancy. Inside the casket, and meant only for the young Mary, Queen of Scots, are papers the old queen has painstakingly collected—the darkest secrets of every Scottish lord and explosive private prophecies prepared by Nostradamus. Rinette risks her life to keep the casket safe, but she makes a fatal mistake: she shows it to her beloved young husband. On the very day the young queen comes home, Rinette’s husband is brutally
1 undertake
The book doesn't just focus on the positive side of scandalous women's stories either. Some stories are sad, and some are even cringe-worthy, and you'll be glad the scandals didn't happen to you. But these stories can be inspiring too, just by knowing that we aren't alone in our struggles and that we too can overcome obstacles like these women did.
2. Animal Arithmetic – 3:24
A church or denominational culture which decides that husbands and wives are automatically both “pastors” regardless of calling or gifting, is a culture opposed to the Word of God.
With that being said however, being on commitee does have some delightful perks. While I never got to see most of Rocky Horror with the Shadow cast I was able to pop in and out of the show at will. Which is nice as if I were a regular attendee that would have been not possible. I do wonder if the Shadow casters were nice, but it wasn’t the end of the world for me if I got to meet them or not. I am not even sure I actually cared at the time. Still dont really.
When it comes to my children, I know that they are grateful for many, many things - I can see it in their eyes and smiles, and hear it in their laughter. The truth is, they say "please" and "thank you" when they mean it, which is actually pretty regularly. Just knowing that they are grateful for many things led me to spend some time this morning considering what I am grateful for, right here, right now, in this time a space, in stream of consciousness mode.
And she is awesome in every way.
Can leak out and disturb their sleep
Penelope is one of the best black lipsticks I have. It’s creamy, it’s dark, and it lasts! What’s also great about NYX is they make a Black Lips lipliner pencil! I still haven’t bought one yet, why I don’t know, but not having to use a black eyeliner pencil on my lips will be wonderful!
Forever Friends Paper
The few things that you have to know about this place:
Slapping our cheeks
Here’s a little twist for those meat and potato country boys; it’s what I call Country Boy Jambalaya.
Either way, the kids loved the show the characters put on and the effort put forth to make the shirts was completely worth it once we’d gotten them signed.
For those of you Bama fans holding out for black jerseys or a script A on the helmets, there’s hope yet.
Thoughts invade, choices are made, a price will be paid
And from this sequence we’re deposited into the main narrative – Jack’s memories of his childhood in Texas, his well-meaning but intimidating father and his graceful, idealized mother. And through the rest of the film, our mind returns to the creation sequence and its reminder that we are all a part of that story – of God – and that each of us, in our own lives, is playing out our version of the story (nature vs. grace, the fall of man, being and nothingness) that has and will be everyone’s. And, most amazingly, we are finally reminded that the epic scale of the film – from the beginning to the end of everything – exists entirely in the memories and ruminations of the adult Jack during one ordinary day. Kierkegaard believed that it is only through the individual experience that one can come to know God; however one defines God (or even if one has no use for a God), The Tree of Life is a beautiful illustration of questions we are all silently asking in our own way. How wonderful, when most mainstream movies are so incredibly timid, that we know we have Malick to wrestle with the unknown, inviting us to join in his unique form of cinematic communion. Honestly, if church were anything like a Terrence Malick movie, I’d attend every week." - Andrew Bemis
In the not so distant past a savior became apparent for all of the gluten intolerant beer drinkers. Sorghum, a little known but important cereal crop, is said to be the third most important grain crop in the US. Sorghum can be made into a syrup which in turn gives brewers something they can brew with that has none of the proteins that our beer intolerant friends can't have. For more information find sorghum's wiki page here.
Seeing my Mom for the first time in a year. And seeing my sister for the first time in over 3 years.
I was so mad, I was itchy. I mean there was no mention of Reality. Surely if Oprah knew that Reality was Jon’s baby, she’d arrange a flight for her. I was having none of this. It was time for me and Kate to throw down. I had seen on the news that she was having a book signing for her new book, “How to Free Up Your Anger By Putting Things in Crates” at the local Books and Nooks. I grabbed Reality and set off.
Before we leave we give her our gift of a box of maple-cream cookies from Canada, and we take pictures. My husband, a big man and 6 ft, 5 ins, lovingly referred to by friends as 'the gentle giant', dwarfs most people but Tante Adrie holds her own next to him.
*We* think the answer lies in that magic word: HELOC. In 2003 when mortgages were easy to get and a Home Equity Line of Credit was extended to any homeowner asking for one, the sellers of this home did an 'assumed' estimation of the size of the house to inflate it's value. That inflation in value resulted in a hand shake from the bank, who turned a blind eye and extended them funding on what would otherwise be nonexistent equity in their home.
Silver flip flops-Target
I would like to argue the validity of this quote beyond the fact that the image is not a reality, but a real representation of a reality. It is true in the sense that an image is nothing more than some ink on a paper, however, what an image represents is real. This visualisation often symbolises something that cannot be expressed verbally, or cannot be expressed so succinctly in any other form.
Garam masala powder:1/2 tsp
this is my blog !!
Once a website such as this gains momentum, it becomes valuable.
clay butterfly
cruising through delicate cirrus clouds
The 'Mail on Sunday' article suggests that AD plants will/should be massive, but there are no real economies of scale, except for waste company profits. Smaller plants, for locally-produced waste, are preferable, with lower transport impacts as well.
Occupational
If you live in the Indianapolis area you can go see it in person, it'll be on display through October.
Alim Khan's ancestor, the debased martinet Nasrallah Bahadur Khan, had regimented these loping vegetarians into a fearsome phalanx in return for their exercising droit de seigneur over the monobrowed maidens of Soghd. Frunze's commissars, however, persuaded them through the media of mime and crude surgery that Socialism offered a chance to build a new world, one fit for all bipeds.
cocktails
Remember, breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.
Well, we’ve discussed before how God uses evolution in multiple contexts. As Rachel Held Evans (and many other people, including me) have discovered, our faith journeys are comparable to evolution. God frequently uses gradual change over time to draw people closer to him. It’s not his only means of doing things, but it certainly seems to be his primary method.
And then...the bell rings and recess is over and poetry gets made "a subject."
When I hear the cars pass by, I am reminded
Every bone in my body was tingling with joy under the full moon, being in wolf form felt so different….so free. The faint scent of tree bark and fresh winter air overwhelmed my wet wolfish nose with a pleasure I could only feel in a dream. When I’m in wolf form, there are no boundaries or walls to contain me; it’s just me and the open wild. Daniel never did mention what an amazing experience it would be to become a wolf. Soggy grass beneath my four paws. Dirt grazing under my belly from kicking so hard was a comfort. Tonight Mother Nature is welcoming with her damp earth, blessing us with a soft snow. Nothing feels better right now than just running….running from everyone, running from everything……even life. As if the sweet taste of freedom demands to be felt. The snow…. Why is the snow stained red? Snow is white, not red. Red is the color of blood, or sometimes roses. Snow is white. So why is it red in here? That taste in my mouth, I don’t like it. Daniel make it go away…..pleas? Daniel please help me. Daniel……Daniel!
The film’s discussed in the previous chapter are all examples of what I would term serious horror. They are movies that use fear and terror as an artistic tool. These are films that even the most right thinking individual can find it within themselves to approve of. They are movies in short to whose artistic merit I would cheerfully swear to in any open court in the country.
an answering weight. He’s solid
I will forsake the gorgeous satin wedding dress and heels this time around. Shouldn't one celebrate the most special day of one's life in blissful comfort? I will be attired in sweats and my favorite fluffy slippers. My hair will be tied back in a Chicago Cubs scrunchie (2011 is the year, Cubbie fans)! Makeup will be optional, depending on just how late I happen to be running that day. Regardless, I am the bride, so people will tell me how radiant and ravishing I look!
Colorado – 26.1 percent, 26.7 percent
I seasoned meatballs made from turkey and chicken sausage with mint, cumin, and cinnamon. The sauce was made from fresh tomatoes, carrots, onions, garlic, ginger, spices, and coconut milk. I served it over cauliflower puree, but rice will do just fine.
I woke up at about midnight without being able to feel my legs. I was convulsing and experiencing severe pain in my abdomen. It was making it very hard to get back to sleep. I also felt like I was about to vomit.
Despite the Oscar-winning film made about the successful case she brought against Pacific Gas & Electric two decades ago, she says these water issues still fail to receive enough attention.
By the merry, singing wagon-load lovers came, paraded, hurried, shameless; then there was you: Love me for one year and I’ll be your friend, you lied. I agreed to be slaughtered.
Beer in a can, served al fresco, should be iced and the ice cold brew will have little flavor… simply refreshing.
28. Your car? bus
So I did what any city-living mom would do – I stooped. As in, parked on the front stoop with a glass of wine, tossed some toys out on the sidewalk, and let T have at it. This plan is brilliant in its simplicity, I assure you. For one, there is an open window in which to scope out who is coming and going, and which of those may be people you want for your team. Two, the sidewalk is now your hostage, and potential passers-by have two choices – break ranks and retreat to the other side of the street and the safety of a childless sidewalk, or a direct attack through the middle of your compound. The retreaters are now on notice that this is a Child Zone and to enter at their own risk. Third, and most importantly, you’ve created a minefield of toys and people (and sometimes dogs) which forces people to slow down as they pass. This gains precious time in which to attempt to captivate these unwitting pedestrians with witty banter and a few flashes of T’s four-toothed grin.
So many of us “talk” about making things happen and never take “action”. I have so many people tell me on a daily basis they want to lose weight (talk) but never put in the effort (action) required to achieve their weight loss goal.
I didn’t even notice. I am such a bad blogger.
“Honey, I could care less about my phone bill right now. Haven’t you heard? The world is crumbling.”
Did it on 'Em
Yet, who is to say this could not happen? After all, whites would have covered up such a thing. Whites would have buried the story of a mistress running away with her slaves so deeply that it would never have been written about. The mere mention of the account, in the eyes of whites, would put ideas into their slaves’ heads. Since slaves outnumbered whites in most towns, slave rebellion was a big fear. If a white mistress ever ran away with her husband’s slaves, it would most likely not be in any historical record. So while this may not be historically accurate, it is still entirely plausible. Something like this could have happened.
Relda said, “Hi” back.
Our final Peace Corps Conference is finished! We just got back from Georgetown for our final conference. We covered how to find jobs, cope with the transition back home, and make togas. It was two days of work and one day of fun.
“I think I saw an article in the Evening Standard,” my North London friend told me yesterday afternoon. “it mentioned a paste that would get on pigeons’ feet. It sounded like a new thing they’d just discovered that was going to be pretty well 100% effective. I imagined it to be something like a glue and it was in chillies.”
Meredith decides, however, that her time in Toronto will be an adventure, and she may just get a little more than she bargained for with that. The rest of the household staff are mostly pleasant - kind Mrs Butters runs the kitchen and helps her to feel more at home; Forrest, the chauffeur and sort of jack-of-all-trades for the house; Mrs O'Hagan, who doesn't live in the house, but comes to clean and do the laundry. Mrs O'Hagan's son, Tommy, is also very nice, and he offers to show Meredith around the city on her day off. Parker, the butler, on the other hand, is not very pleasant at all. He seems to find fault with everything Meredith does, and is generally a grouch.
Okey-doke, then....
Most of my time is spent at work or commuting to and from work, but my head is with my young women. Always. There are few moments of the day when I am not thinking, praying or talking about them. I don't have children but I can see how parents can't stop talking about their children and just focus on themselves during a date because Ryan and I talk about them all of the time. Though my stress level is at an all-time high, I wouldn't have it any other way.
To make the analogy even better, one might add that different colleges paid different amounts for their vegetables, but that how much they paid was confidential — presumably so that rich colleges like Trinity would pay more than poorer colleges, or to put it more crudely, so that the vegetable delivery company could screw each college for as much as it could afford.
Forgotten mornings when he walked with his mother
~ Thanks for stopping by!
Excellent Palatability - Dogs Love CANIDAE®
What passing-bells for these who die as cattle?
Pivovar Staropramen Pražské Pivovary Staropramen Lager (Ležák)
With this dire warning in mind, Constance's curiosity is piqued beyond control (as was mine!). Of course, she must know the reason and so she delves into the diaries and histories of the house Mr. Montague has left her with. The story turns back in time as Constance first reads the diary of a woman who lived in the house, and then the diary of Mr. Montague himself. It then turns full circle in a dramatic confrontation between the past and Constance's present. Murder, mystery, generational secrets, tyrannical madmen, and supernatural elements abound in this thoroughly engrossing tale.
“Culture” is not some abstract, far-off idea which is only amenable to shaping by academics and “cultural types.” We are all involved in culture, all the time – using it, making it, and either shaping or being shaped by it. We can’t escape culture, and we must not allow culture to define the values and practices of our lives. Instead, we need to take up the challenge of changing culture, in as many ways as we can to reflect the beauty of Christ, the goodness of God, and the truth of His Word.
Fancy afternoon tea with lots of lovely little delicacies - madeleines and truffles and macarons and profiteroles and fruit jellies and petit fours and teeny, tiny sandwiches and champagne.
Colossians 1:18 (NIV): “And He is the head of the body, the church; He is the beginning and the firstborn from among the dead, so that in everything He might have the supremacy.”
As a student, he was able to multitask between being an academically-excellent student and a superbly-active student leader inside and outside his school. He was still able to graduate as a Cum Laude (with an average grade of 1.53) even if he was very active in both extra-curricular activities and student leadership and organizations involvement. Also, he was a very consistent outstanding student achiever, top scholar, and dean’s/president’s lister from his 1st year until his senior year while not being able to neglect his responsibilities as a leader and a member of the organizations he was affiliated with.
No sleep on Monday night. No nap on Tuesday. No sleep Tuesday night. Short nap on Wednesday. And so on and so forth, with snot sticking to everything, and her hot little body clinging to me and screaming. And I was getting more and more tired, and more and more sensitive, shall we say? By the time Bucket got home at night, I was Zombie Mama, walking wide eyed through the house, mechanically making dinner and putting children to bed and going to sleep myself at 9pm.
As I walked out towards their location, getting ever closer to where, I had assumed, they were behaving themselves, Tevye exclaimed “Quick, hide your candy!”
1/2 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for sprinkling
As a little girl, I adored babies. (I still do.) I sit with my arms and legs folded securely around my baby doll, whose name was Caroline. When I was a young mother, I was the protective type, at times overly 'hovering'. I worried continually about every aspect of their well-being. Too much so, I realize now. As I grew middle-aged, I became known somewhat as the neighbourhood 'baby whisperer'. There are few babies I cannot calm. Now, with my own grandchildren, that kind of intense protectiveness has mellowed. I have greater serenity and faith. As for my children, my careful cocooning has produced a son who sky dives as a hobby, a daughter who loves her Harley motorcycle, and a son who has the reputation of being the roughest, toughest defenceman on his provincial hockey team!
I am officially done with school. At least, I think I am for a while. A couple of weeks ago I took my last final of my undergraduate career. It was on Environmental Health. I aced it. Interestingly, I made better grades in my my Environmental Science minor than my Media and Journalism majors. Discovery Channel is probably in my future.
I still have to peel the potatoes, make the green bean casserole and cook the carrots – but those are quick and easy tasks. The sweet potatoes have to be heated and the relish is done. We’re eating early today since Alicia and Rod have to drive 2½ hours and the need to be home by 6 pm. Just have to get the table ready for the food!
Biography: An experienced secondary school teacher, Samantha specialised in Geography and the application of ICT.
and you willed to redeem us captives
I know this probably only just sneaks in as a ‘craft brew’ as the success of the LC brand makes it seem more than a small player in the beer market but whichever way you look at it, this IS a pilsner. The aroma tells you straight away that this is elevated above the lager or premium crowd with its’ fresh mown hay kind of smell and the smoothness of the mouthfeel sings of a well made beer. Easy drinking but with a bitterness that pops in and grabs the sides of your tongue on the way through, this one is earthy and real. Could stand up well to a fuller flavoured roast or complement a rich, homestyle stew.
"All of it," said Colleen. "Forty thousand."
The centre was extremely busy. You must book a slot in advance and even then there is a lot of queuing and waiting around. That said, it was a Saturday which may have had something to do with it. In any case, it was well worth the wait because the exhibition is brilliant. What I love about it is that despite the name, it doesn't focus purely on the Titanic. Belfast shipyard was well known for the skill of its workers long before the Titanic was built. White Star Line commissioned many ships from Belfast, including the Titanic sister ship, the Olympic. The Canberra, which featured heavily in the Falklands War, was also built here (my grandad worked on that ship). The exhibition started with the long history of shipbuilding in Belfast, with lots of pictures of workers and maps of the old shipyards. Given my family history I found it fascinating.
I'd rather concentrate, instead, on Earl Blackwell, who as Chairman of the Board of Directors gave a party "... for Noel Coward at Raffles, which is full of photographs of celebrities. I removed every photograph in Raffles and replaced them with photographs of Noel taken through his entire career. It was a great thrill so see him go from picture to picture, some of them taken when he was very young, some of them with Alfred Lunt, Merle Oberon, Beatrice Lilly, Cary Grant and many more. They were all there."
I have to confess that as a child I actually wasn’t that scared of The Chid Catcher. I suspect that this is because I came from a family of dancers so therefore was on some level aware of the aesthetics of movement and what it can create. Also I didn’t like sweets, and wasn’t dumb so I knew I’d be ok. Weirdly though, as an adult (ish), I can see and appreciate how truly terrifying he was, I mean really scary. Honestly, 60s, what were you thinking?
Bongo’s Clown Room
Keep Smiling.
On Corpus Christi at St. Mark's over 225 attended a Missa Solemnis and a few evenings ago on the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary over 375 attended the Missa Cantata.
Iran’s charming little president has called on China, Russia, and some other countries to form an alliance against the evil West. He began his speech with the following exercise in self-righteous historical revisionism: “Which one of our countries (has played a role) in the black era of slavery, or in the destruction of hundreds of millions of human beings?”
Riley felt her heart flutter. Cute boy? Likes books? Brain cannot process. "Hey, thanks."
Sandra N. Foster, 41, Clinton, Md.
Fine semolina - 1/2 cup
Tapatio
I hope you have enjoyed today’s little adventure and take time to look at your dies from a different angle!
It’s unfortunate but my exterior definitely misrepresents how clean my insides are. I’m more active and love to sweat hardt, I eat really clean and no, I’m not skinny. Deal with it.
They were right.
I love that my world revolves around children.
So anyway, Suzy, I'm having this dream where everyone is called Suzy. But the weird part is, it is 15 million years ago, I'm stuck on the African savanna, and almost every niche within the ecosystem is filled in by some kind of ape, some kind of primate. So there's no zebra or wildebeest or giraffes or gazelle or hyenas or lions or hippos or rhinos or elephants. It's all bipedal apes, although they have (through evolutionary convergence) successfully adapted to the niches, so that the elephant variant apes have trunks, and the giraffe apes have long necks, etc. Of course the really weird thing is the fur equivalent of plumage. The apes have every punker style lurid hair color you can imagine, and in every combination, stripes, spots, mohawk spikes, long feathery tails, and shit that Vegas show girls would prance around in.
Recommended for fans of vengeance tales and mysteries that manage to remain upbeat through scenes of oft ridiculous (but totally enjoyable) situations.
Life drawing by Glen Keane. A good example that a knowledge of anatomy plus use of design elements to create a beautiful drawing, instead of just a record of what's in front of you.
Making the "angel" wings with white and and pink chocolate candy clay. I am loving candy clay, it is so easy to make, easy to work with and tastes way better then fondant. Almost all recipes will call for corn syrup but I like to use rice or agave syrup. It's a little more natural and tastes just as sweet.
9am: Wake up
A.E. Jenks passes along this anecdote in his 1914 article 'Assimilation in the Philippines':
Q: (Ian Parkes – Press Association) Mark, after last year’s win here, you came out with a classic quote: Ônot bad for a number two driver.’ I was wondering, after today’s comment from the team: Ômaintain your position’ on the last lap, do you feel like a number two driver again today?
Fun Fact – Gorillas may live up to 40 years old. Ones kept in zoos tend to live longer. Colo, a gorilla at the Columbus Zoo is the oldest one alive at 55 years young – from Wikipedia.
60H - 7.51 - Aries Merritt, Tennessee - '06
The inside sentiment is in French. Here's the translation: "If someone organised a contest for the most fantastic and lovable dad in the whole wide world... you would win hands down. Happy Birthday to the best of all dads."
I apologize for:
It wad surely be eneuch for ever mair to be
It is just food for thought and a defence of gaming.
Well after a year, he moved back and stuff. That's when things got really out of hand. At first it was good, then I had to go over to his apartment like everyday. I had to do lots of things he said and I did it because I didn't want to get yelled at, I didn't feel like crying again so I just shut up and listened. I made everyone believe things were great and that we didn't argue all the time, but I was so depressed. Basically he was emotionally and verbally abusive.
what else can we expect from a corrupt system?
So elementary, and yet . . . not. When you're two years old.
Another obvious question has to be - Do you do the lottery and have you ever won anything substantial?
our love was comfortable and so broken in
Worth remembering.
God is SO good & I can't wait to tell you all what He is doing in my life! I'll be able to update y'all next week :)
First it is time to be brutally honest with yourself, take a good look in the mirror and try to figure out what shape your face is. This sounds like a silly thing to do, but truth of the matter is that most people do not know the shape of their face, hence end up picking the wrong set of frames for their facial features. First point is therefore: Understand your face shape. After this you have to keep the 3 points below in mind and selecting the right frame will be a breeze.
Thus, the deal is that we can chose our doctors, and even the hospitals in which we are treated, or the schools in which our offspring are educated, but we are not allowed to chose our own government – or define the policies and issues which it should regard as important.
- We fall in love in search of ourselves.
I convince myself that it’s worth it, because some words always are aren't they?
Not wanting to rush into these things, for a few months I simply left the all the gears on the bike and just rode around trying not to think about changing gear when I stopped or found the head-wind a bit strong. This is harder than you think because your fingers and thumbs start twitching over the shift levers every time you stop or pull away. After a while I found that the 6th cog on my 8-speed cassette offered the best comprise. It allowed relatively fast riding while not being too ‘tall’ to be a struggle when moving off from a standing start.
Like in the Japanese ancient legend, she hopes that these cranes will help Ishinomaki and the people there recover from the traumatic disaster.
Put them in the oven at 400 for about 15-20 minutes depending on how crunchy you like your bacon.
“Does it happen all at once, like being wound up,” he asked, “or bit by bit?”
If this book were a beverage, it would be: lots of precious water.
A big THANK YOU to everyone who is helping to spread the word about this wonderful weekly giveaway by placing the symbol on your blogs!! Best wishes to each of you for a magnificent week!!! See you back here on Sunday to share the next SUNDAY SENSATIONS from MAGNOLIA-LICIOUS and I know you will love it!!
Women Who Run With the Wolves, Clarissa Pinkola Estés
To conclude the production process, post the article on your website and in your blog. You are not merely a blog publisher, you are, better, a publisher, part of the great tradition. Enjoy a moment of joyful reverie, but only a minute. After all, your next deadline already looms, and you must and shall be ready.
Prizes - Happiness. Creative juices. Pride. Laughter. Bragging rights. A brand-new script.
"There is zero tolerance for discrimination at USDA, and I strongly condemn any act of discrimination against any person," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a written statement. "We have been working hard through the past 18 months to reverse the checkered civil rights history at the department and take the issue of fairness and equality very seriously.
But they weren’t the only ones to find their way out of those labs. Following close behind are another breed of creature, one that doesn’t know the difference between right and wrong, who exist only to feed their own hunger. The appearance of a strange boy who seems too much like them to be a coincidence makes things even more confusing. But as the world begins to literally fall apart around them, Michaela must accept his help, especially when she could lose the very thing she holds dearest: her sister.
Black Liquid Liner (prestige)
Endorse 3 items or MCLM is merely a BN false flag.
When I’m not editing, I’m writing, and my novel the Windrose - the first in the trilogy- has just been picked up by Harper Collins US.
11¾”, taking die cutting to grand proportions. Follow Spellbinders on
Which led to the following exchange with Justice Alito:
So where did I decide to set my Pendragon Legacy series? Well... if you haven't guessed yet, you’ll have to read the first book to find out!
"Remember: You is kind. You is smart. You is important. Now go quilt like the amazing artist you are!"
I ordered some Platinum Hemo-Flo supplement which is supposed to have good results for horses that tie up... ?? I'm never really sure if supplements are truly helpful or if they are just good marketing? Anyone have thoughts about that?
The fastest-growing job market nationally was Houston, according to the study, with a 3.7 percent increase. It was followed by Atlanta (up 3.1 percent), Denver (up 2.5 percent), Dallas (up 2.4 percent) and Seattle.
Each variety starts out with Organic Rolled Oats and builds from there to create these unique flavors. I'm really digging each variety for their very different flavor profiles, so let's take a look. The Apple Crumble brings me back to my teenage years when my mom would make us Apple Crisp in the oven for dessert! It's so amazing how close it resembles an old favorite of mine! Apples, pecans and molasses give this one my absolute approval! The Carrot Cake doesn't taste too much like actual carrot cake to me. It's more of just a sweet granola with components you would find in a carrot cake like raisins, cinnamon, and pecans. Still, it's amazing and delicious (Hubby can't stay out of it!). The Dark Chocolate & Red Berries is so fragrant when you open the bag! With freeze-dried strawberries and raspberries and dark chocolate chunks among the granola, this is an intoxicating blend that is super yummy and more of a treat than a granola you could pass off as breakfast. Lastly, the Aloha Blend is very tropical, even in the aftertaste. I love it! It's so different than the other flavors. It has pineapple, coconut and white chocolate chunks too. It's a great balance and one that I was not expecting to love. I also like that in these granolas you can find ingredients like flax seeds and chia seeds too. You would never even know that such healthful ingredients were in these delicious granolas!
Personally, I recall 1977 as being a terrible year for music until Donna Summer released Love's Unkind and we were then granted such musical wonders as the Spy Who Loved Me and Star Wars theme tunes.
Fuck. (Yeah Mom, I said "Fuck" again. It's one of my most favorite words. Keep reading. Please...)
Gross revenues over last two years: ’08-$200,000.00 ’07-$0.00. Star has been in business
Since I live nearby such a feature I figured it would be wise to get out and see it, considering I didn't go at all last year.
Place chicken wings in a bowl with soy, sesame oil, five-spiced, garlic, ginger and honey. Toss to combine, refrigerate in a covered container. Every few hours upend container. Cook on bbq or in oven.
Handmade Scallop Square (1)
Those publications and their set rates are another matter to be discussed later, but before that back to the market. Hurting the market is bad for business, not only are you earning less and so is everyone else, but you’re not likely to get work passed on to you. After all, a network is more than just clients but other freelancers who will pass work your way if they are unable to take it on themselves. And you should be doing the same. So knowing the market will ensure that work flows to everyone and will guarantee you a working future.
I don't think that the sheep is just for kids but it is good for anyone! I can think of so many occasions that this would make a beautiful gift.
Doesn't really sound like your typical YA love story, does it!?
As with all “Hits” made by the system, everything still needed to be double-checked manually, using a comparison microscope. Protocols required that even our final conclusions, after a manual check on the microscope, whether positive, negative, or undetermined, needed to be manually confirmed by another qualified ballistic specialist. Sure enough, three 9mm cartridge cases found at a murder scene in Umlazi near Durban, showed a definite positive match with test samples that were stored on the IBIS-system, - there was no doubt about it!
Life has been busy around here! The boys have had lots of baseball lately -- practices, games, hit-a-thons, and pictures, oh my!!! I'm enjoying seeing their progress this season, getting to know their teammates and their families, and all that good stuff. Saw an opportunity today with nothing baseball, so I thought I better pop in and let you know I really am still here!!! And, I have plenty to share with you!
Book John for a full tour, or if you’ve already got the basics down, and you just want to paddle on your own you can even rent his kayaks out for your own use.
Have a great weekend xxxxxxx
And now they were almost to the border of Redridge. Creme had been making out the tops of the red peaks from between the trees for some time now; she was certain Brulee could see them too, with all her looking about at everything. Soon they would cross the bridge over the river and get into the valleys between all the peaks, where most everyone who lived in Redridge was. ((Double check that they cross a river into Redridge))
I think that was the end of it. Weird, right? I think it’s just a combination of being sick and being home by myself. Anyway, I’m leaving for the doctor in about 15 minutes. Let’s hope she gives me the good stuff; I NEED to go back to school.
We have put forward a series of proposals to make sure that regulations that may be unnecessary and are hampering some businesses from investing, that we are examining all of those for their cost and their benefits. And if they are not providing the kind of benefits in terms of the public health, and clean air and clean water, and worker safety that have been promised, then we should get rid of some of those regulations.
let the weekend start!! Did you know Unity will be turning 4 in May.
In Haifa, Israel's third largest city and the object of rocket attacks this morning, the excellent Kishkushim provides photos of quiet streets, nervous bus drivers and describes hot and thirsty dogs, abandoned by their fleeing owners and afraid of the explosions:
-NPR (www.npr.org) – They’re liberal and yes, they have an agenda. But they do try hard to present both sides of the story and they keep alive what liberalism is supposed to be about, instead of the elitist version that is currently practiced by the Democratic Party, the Bay Area, and the entire northeast corridor.
I had Chrome at one time – like, until yesterday. Then I received a newsletter from Rankin AND Microsoft. Rankin said clean-up your computer and suggested a number of his ‘favorites’.
Mare51089: i guess i dont have much to say, i mean you cant explain it and i've never felt it obviously, lol
Fortunately, I've been feeling more movement again which is helping me
But in all of this tragic affair, the person who has probably suffered the most is poor, poor Sharon Shoesmith. She was on a salary of 130,000 pounds as Head of Childrens Services. But she never got to see that salary grow; it was snatched away from her after a few short years. It might have grown into a salary of which she could be proud. But not now.
I found that notion very interesting. I know that word-of-mouth works well in cases of gossip or secrets but I never really thought of it as a business tactic. I guess in my mind the issue with this is making sure the information is correct to the people spreading and hearing the news. I can’t tell you how many times I have heard something from a friend or acquaintance and it was so far fetched from the original idea that it didn’t even bare comparison.
guestroom for $5.50. That’s where I met Tom. He’s a musician by
Me: "Um, ok glad I could help"
Continue to train your staff on more advanced concepts and skills. Even a good refresher course every once in a while can be a beneficial reminder to keep the staff’s capabilities honed. And don’t forget to cross-train employees to give your staff more flexibility when workloads shift or when someone calls in sick.
Non-resident Day Attendee Hotel Conference Package Fee is: CZK 748, £ 25, € 30, $38 includes: mid-morning coffee, lunch, afternoon tea. (This is in addition to the day attendee registration fee listed above, and is payable directly to the Hotel, by the day attendee, when they sign in at the hotel front desk.)
& so we bathe them in tears and prayer. We allow our hearts to break with compassion and we bring our requests brokenly to our Maker.
Some info on my card:
Classes for Craft and Quilt Fair - August – Claremont Showground
I hope this Totoro bento will put a smile to all Totoro fans out there...:)!
I want to say I am inspired and uplifted by the posts I have seen. Not just the decorating parts, but the testimonies from the heart. Sometimes your life is the only sermon someone sees. I have not been a very Godly woman lately, I have had a hard time with my attitude, and I need it adjusted and fast! I told the Lord I am very sorry for my issues lately, I need help. I need to pull my gospel music out and get some praise happening! I need to tell him how thankful I am for all that he has done, and just praise him. I haven't been too diligent with this, I don't want to stand before him and say I was too busy to tell him how much he means to my life! I need my devotional time with him, without him, I will sink.
His scars came out bare, angry red welts risen from the pale flesh. The same scars, as it turned out, that fueled some of the sparkles so loved by all. Words fused with pain congealed like charcoal pressured into diamonds by heat, time and pressure. But few noticed them. Instead they slapped their jaws and said:
Today is that day, I think.
Special guest tonight for DWTS Latin Night: Santana! Man, he can rock the guitar. And his musical interludes between dances were a lot of fun.
Next Plantinga does consider a version of the argument I give above:
-Rob Landerman
“To be clear, I am not saying there was an excuse for any offensive behaviour but, overall, the fans gave very positive support to the team and this should not be overlooked.
All good things come to and end. Indeed all crap things come to an end too.
Talk to people (“Networking”)
Juliana Hatfield have a lot of history between them, from their days in Boston in the mid 80's while she was a member of the Blake Babies, to more recently when they toured together as a acoustic duo. On record, she was a member of the Lemonheads for the "classic", It's A Shame About Ray and Evan has a made appearances on Blake Babies records including the 2001's reunion album, God Bless The Blake Babies. In 1999, Juliana recorded a duet with Dando for a Gram Parson's Tribute, Return Of The Grievous Angel, they sang $1000 Wedding. Personally, they are at the very least good friends and there's probably more to it than that, but I don't care too much about that stuff since this is a music blog. Regardless, they have known each other for some 20 years and it would have been sweet to see them on their tour last year. I heard the reviews were kind of mixed, but it would have been an opportunity to hear them trade off songs from their extensive catalogs of music.
So what is left of the pool today? It still stands in the same spot, but the exterior has changed completely. Redevelopment in the 1980s gave it a second skin of concrete cladding and additional office space, but the interior was largely untouched. Naturally though I was not able to go inside and take photos!
Ms. Bord adapted her classes for her new clientele, either omitting chanting, or adding both “shalom” and “amen” to the traditional sign-off of namaste, to indicate that a plurality of religions were being represented.
If you’d truly be honest, you’ll know it’s not working.
get fed up with all the fuss and any perceived favouritism shown to those with sporting interests
As you can see, my art journal with its smooth black cover was just asking for a spruce up. I have video recorded some other little curly paintings I did on some dark surfaces with white paint, and when they are all nicely edited I will post them on my YouTube channel so you can see how I did them. I can't wait to show you.
Beautiful feelin
the smell of my neighbors grill
I know all of these people will all be missed greatly by all their families and friends. But I am so happy to say, I do believe they are all in heaven. And I know that we will see them again.
So, don’t be ashamed to be a writer. It’s hard work and it’s important work, and it will remain so, even when non-writers can’t understand it.
prayer as 'one of the prettiest sounds on Earth at sunset.' This is just one
beautiful than anything he might
The 1854 incidents at Makapaanspoort is but one example of how history has been distorted to fit a specific agenda, in the false guise of keeping the peace! Any fool knows that if you repeat a lie long enough it will eventually become the accepted truth!
Fennel seeds - 3/4 teaspoon
Cheria Barnes is the granddaughter of the Lhant's butler and friend to Asbel and Hubert. As a kid she was sickly, but remains cheerful in all situations. Seven years later she delivers the message of Aston's death to Asbel. Her unknown sickness has also mysteriously disappeared. She acts like a mother to Sophie, scolding her when she does something wrong and taking care of her. She has feelings for Asbel, but refuses to tell him, leaving him oblivious to them.
a while, and I'm scared
Some of the things that I loved about this book:
One was his suggestion that you purposely “give in” on little battles to make the kid feel powerful – for example, asking for something the child is holding just so you can pout when the child says no. While I agree on letting the kid winning battles, and while it seems harmless enough if you make it clear that you are joking around, I still feel like that’s a dangerous game to play.
Philp Pullman has another Tintin book, The Castafiore Emerald, on his. Junot Diaz has Love and Rockets #12: Poison River on his and Lev Grossman has Watchmen on his.
The list includes Mike White, 32; Bryan Richardson, 34; L.J. Jenkins, 39; Pete Farley, 41; Brian Herman, 43; Caleb Sanderson, 44 and Kasey Hayes, 45. A pair of Aussies – Ben Jones, 46 and Brendon Clark, 47 – have three events before they too face being cut.
Once I receive a response from you, I will send the survey as an attachment to the e-mail address that you provide. The survey will have approximately 15 questions and I will collect completed surveys until March 31st, 2008.
When I look at this picture, and even as I type you are curled up with your daddy just like this, I think of you two as bosom buddies.
Preconfigured setups:
What would you do if you experienced a natural disaster today? Would you be prepared? Could you tend to medical emergencies? We have seen the life threatening effects from hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods yet I don't see very many people taking action to prepare themselves in case of an emergency.... including myself.
This will be the last post of 2010. I just wanted to let all those people who think they can drink and drive and get away with it, that I will be watching out for you!!! and so will the police!
Aroma: Woody, flowery, a little resiny, with some malty sweetness and a little fruity esters
It took me a long time before I felt ready to have a baby. I mean, a long, long time. And even while I was pregnant, I still worried a lot about whether or not I’d be a good mother. Amongst many of my misconceptions about motherhood, I assumed that (a) a person had to love all children in order to be a great parent and (b) a person had to know a good deal about children in order to raise them effectively.
Love, Chantal xoxoox
I hope Portland is ready for this stuff. It's plain, ordinary, mundane session beer. Nothing ridiculous, over-hopped, mega-gravity or imbued with lynx droppings. Nothing aged in one of Leo Kottke's old Taylor 12-strings for eight months. No exotic herbs flown in from Ouagadougou. No cold-filtration through artisan-designed glassware embracing dust from the tombs of the Pharaohs. These ales were designed for quaffing. Six pints (UK) in a long evening session would be typical. Get ready for a nice easy session Porter that uses, get this, chocolate and crystal malts. And don your sensible, sturdy pub trousers for a malty special bitter. And buckle your seatbelts, because I also have a 3.6% mild that uses a dash of peated malt. This last tipple is a pilot batch for a Welsh Mild that didn't come out quite as malty as I'd like, underscoring the difficulty in producing flavorful sub-4% ales. I'll be revisiting it this summer with some tweeks. Try a pint on Thursday and tell me (really) what you'd do to make it better.
When you have the dolls and dresses you want, you can store them in your magnetic metal case. Alli from One Pearl Button made this little label to put onto her little tin:
Allyson
Ocean debris caused a girl to scream
Congratulations, Dia! I am so happy for you!!!
It’s the last week of classes, I’m working like a crazy person, and it is getting sufficiently more difficult to find time and motivation to go to the gym. Especially since the gym at my school was recently closed for renovations. But I refuse to make excuses for myself. I have to get back on track. So here is the plan:
This year, I believe it is going to be a very exciting festival again! The line up is good! You will be able to see a lot of genres in this one music festival, compared to the previous one. So, if anybody is interested to see more acts with a lot of variation, I think this one is better.
she saw power.
It is because if we don’t know that we were created to be gods and goddesses like the Divine whose image we were made out of. Yet, the devil knows. We can easily be taken advantage of due to our ignorance and encouraged by any force to do a number of things under the guise that we are doing God’s work. Can you now see the danger of not having knowledge of self? We will return back to this subject as to how the devil is able to manipulate us.
And I made sure to tell the nice middle-class, bright-eyed, suburban Girl-Scout-troop-leader-mom WHY I was buying extra cookies this year. She looked totally stunned. This IS upstate South Carolina, after all.
You will get the set as a completely unmounted full sheet of deeply etched grey rubber. And keep your eyes peeled for more themes because we’ve got lots more Trinkets on the way!!!
During the Q&A afterward, I asked if he'd considered talking about socialist democracies, and what he might have said about those. I asked because I'm genuinely curious about whether their systems work as much better than ours as they seem to. E.g., I have the impression that pretty much everyone there has a good job and a good standard of living – like Green's definition of utopia, only they do exist!
Make cut tags with all the tiny greetings using your punches and die cut,s they will fit most any shape.
Today i would like to show you a little tag i made, and a little tutorial i made over at Copic Marker Europe blog. I think this will be my first tut ever, at least i cant remember that i would have done any before :).
Hatch M, Stein ZA. Agents in the workplace and effects on reproduction. Occup Med 1986; 1: 531-534.
The men shook their heads as they sorted through their gear. The big radio and encryption/decryption gear would go no further. It was too heavy and bulky to carry. Sealed in water-tight cases, the gear was cached in a vault buried at this high point in the swamp.
and flood each gate that censors Thee.
Where are the so called “far left privacy advocates” now? The Obama Administration (along with a willing Democratic Leadership in Congress) has consistently (1, 2, 3, 4, 5,) pushed for more domestic spying ability and took away the sunset provision out of the Patriot Act.
Dylan doesn’t have a baby basket.
One thing you’ve got to pay attention in the drama is the songs. It’s cute and heart-warming. Personally I love listening to it. And it’s really perfect when it’s playing on the background during a lovey-dovey scene between the two leads.
Perhaps the best argument in favor of the thesis that the Big Bang supports theism is the obvious unease with which it is greeted by some atheist physicists. At times this has led to scientific ideas, such as continuous creation or an oscillating universe, being advanced with a tenacity which so exceeds their intrinsic worth that one can only suspect the operation of psychological forces lying very much deeper than the usual academic desire of a theorist to support his/her theory.
conference seeks to examine and explore issues
Haha!… Isn’t the verse I picked to memorize with this one fitting? 2 Corinthians 12:9 But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.
Have we had a week without snow falling? I traded my Yaris in for a Highlander which rolled three times while getting off the highway here at the exit ramp leading to Pekinocginot Heights.
What better way to start the evening than, not with a beer, not with a whisky, but with a whisky beer!
"We're all normal and we want our freedom"- Arthur Lee's eulogy to Los Angeles. Also his self-requiem: "When I did that album, I thought I was going to die at that particular time, so those were my last words."
The 4500 rental units in the project would remain as planned, with half designated as affordable; ACORN's Bertha Lewis praised Forest City Ratner for maintaining its commitment to affordable housing, but didn't assert, as she has in the past, that the entire project would be 50% affordable.
It’s high time the government realised that it isn’t just Anwar Ibrahim who believes that the country’s “legal and security systems” are “unjust and could be manipulated to serve the interest of certain quarters”.
Bernice plays a woman named Jane Baker. Jane is a terrible mother. The second after her husband, Leslie, leaves for work, she runs off to rendezvous with Luke, her lover on the side, at an old boarding house. While she’s gone, her daughter (her name’s Lucy) drowns her younger brother in the bathtub. Word gets around to Jane about the “accident,” and the two illicit lovebirds drive back to her home. On the way there, however, Luke’s incompetent driving sends the car flying off the road and straight into a construction zone. Luke is violently decapitated. Jane checks into a mental institution. A year later, she moves into the old boarding house, where a blind man (by the name of Robert) has been left to take care of the place after his mother’s death. Robert can’t help but notice that Jane is still moaning Luke’s name in ecstasy night after night, a year after his death.
…can melt my heart with a single smile.
However this involves updating BuildConfig.groovy, to update dependency resolution. This option isn’t available to me, as we have disabled this functionality as it
The former envoy told the Iraq inquiry in London the war did not have the “democratic backing” of most UN members or even the British public.
Medellin, Colombia
I would rate this a 1, Pay Full Price Guilt Free. This is a book you will read time and again.
Other notable days was hanging with Leyland, Stephanie, and Mike Friday night, then having dinner with Brent and seeing Terrence Malick's new movie "Tree of Life". Which I LOVE Malick's movies. He is a complete genius in the world of film and moving paintings. He knows how to slow down time in order to bring the viewer into every frame. I've had a review of "New World" written on here for some time, which I'm thinking now I need to post it. Tree of Life brought me to tears in the end from the beauty of it all. I know it isn't for everyone (people left the theater) but it really is incredible if you are a visual person... Ok, tangent done. After the movie we met up with friends later at the Emory where we closed the bar and went on to Como's for some pizza... Sunday I packed, hung out with Mike, Leyland, got ice cream with Kristina and again went to the WAB and then listened to bands at the Loving Touch, before I ended the night with a late night bike ride with Brent...
-For women without health insurance, services will be paid for by the Screening Partnerships of the New York State Cancer Services Program (NYS-CSP) or through generous contributions by the American-Italian Cancer Foundation's donors. For women with health insurance, the insurance will be billed for services. However, women will not be charged a co-pay and will not receive a bill.
I am truly missing all the family that use to take the kids for a night or weekend so Adam and I could recharge ourselves as a couple and as parents. And I can see how important it was; not only for us but for the kids too. Because right now, sitting in a tiny apartment, we are all going stir crazy.
This volume gathers, for the first time, a wide array of early criticism of Lovecraft, including poignant obituaries by such friends as Walter J. Coates and Hyman Bradofsky; early attempts to analyze Lovecraft’s work by such writers as Rheinhart Kleiner and Frank Belknap Long; voluminous discussions of Lovecraft’s tales in the letter columns of Weird Tales and Astounding Stories; an abundant selection of criticism from the fan world of the 1930s and 1940s, including articles by August Derleth, P. Schuyler Miller, and Francis T. Laney; and reviews of the first Arkham House books of Lovecraft’s work by Will Cuppy, T. O. Mabbott, Vincent Starrett, William Rose Benét, and many others.
The Justice Department is, therefore, also considering bringing possible charges of Mr Assange receiving stolen government property. But that too could pose difficulties as journalists have in the past used leaked government documents in the US without being prosecuted.
See you again on Monday. Til' then here's what we're loving around the web...
“And I went on to work with many more white farmers,” she told the paper. “The story helped me realize that race is not the issue, it’s about the people who have and the people who don’t. When I speak to groups, I try to speak about getting beyond the issue of race.”
The counter-demo in Aylesbury (May 1st) will have various unions and union leaders on board. They’ve all got to do their bit ‘against fascism’. But not, of course, against IslamoFascism or the UAF/SWP’s red fascism. No. Those fascisms are OK because they belong to the Brown Exotic and, in the latter case, to lecturers at universities.
I too think it's bogus that our tax-supported entities with street-clearing equipment do not do their job of clearing the streets. (Are they on strike? Are they protesting something? Is it civil disobedience?)
Nancy Rue says, “I hope the Faithgirlz! Bible will help girls grow a friendship with the Bible, their own relationship. It asks questions, asks them to think and challenges them to apply what they’re learning. That’s how they’ll find a deep, personal relationship with God, rather than just by following rules or saying what they’ve been told without really thinking about it. Rules are important, of course, but they only make sense when they really believe the message of the Scriptures. That’s what this Bible is about.” The Faithgirlz! Bible is the perfect Bible to support girls in their journey into the “beauty of believing.”
April 25 - Poly Styrene, r.n. Marian Elliott-Said, punk singer (X-Ray Spex), 53
4. My blog is read by about three people, you’ve seriously overestimated my influence.
A young wrestler in the Midwest can be a hard road to take but young Chase King has been working hard to find success. While wrestling at the historic South Broadway Athletic Club, King has been wise enough to reach out to the 2011 MWR Wrestler of the Year Brandon Espinosa for further training.
Pube Nazi: I hope you had a great Thanksgiving. Maybe this week we can go out to dinner and you can see the new house.
who told voters in 2005 that “the reason I got involved in public service, by and large, if I had to credit one thinker, one person, it would be Ayn Rand,” now backpedals to “Just because you like someone’s novels doesn’t mean you agree with their entire worldview philosophy. She has a worldview philosophy
The termites are still a problem but I have found a spray that kills them and keeps them away from their normal paths. I also started the process of cleaning up the floor (scraping paint spills) and the walls (knocking off dirt spots and insect deposits). I will check the paint store in San Blas tomorrow to see what is available and whether my budget will allow me to purchase all the paint at once or if I will need to spread the process out over a couple of months. No matter, I really don't have much else to do other than read books and relax.
It was longer than the one I did last year (a 500m swim, 18 mile bike, and 5K run vs a 225m swim, 10 mile bike, and 2 mile run) and harder but I was so much better prepared. Well, I say prepared, but in actuality I (and the rest of my class) was prepared to do a 400m swim and 15 mile bike ride as their website advertised...we were all thrown a bit today when we heard that the distances were actually further than we thought. But no one chickened out and we all finished!
David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar? (Poll below)
“A human soul must be respected. These people did not respect the human soul. The man was calm and kept his cool. He refused to be blindfolded, and insisted upon facing death with open eyes. They covered their faces, while his face was not covered. He stood solid as a mountain, and said the two parts of the shahada: ‘I bear witness that there is no God but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.’ ‘I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.’ He said: ‘I bear witness that there is no God but Allah,’ but they did not let him complete it, and they beheaded him. The man died saying: ‘There is no God but Allah.’ How can anyone curse a man, who says: ‘There is no God but Allah’? Anybody whose last words are ‘There is no God but Allah’ goes to Paradise.”
The youth wing has also promised street demonstrations if they discover polls are rigged.
II. NABC BREWERY UPDATE:HOLIDAY FLOOD OF HOUSE BEERS.
I'm really lucky that my dad found a lovely lady to remarry and she has has accepted the girls as her own grandchildren and they love her to pieces as they do their Grandad. They are always around to help us out and we do manage to have the occasional night out and lay in the next day thanks to them.
Nothing, although unfortunately I was really hungry today. It doesn’t happen often, but I developed a craving for bacon at like 1pm.
At some point along the way we stopped ignoring each other and made real small talk. I had never really talked to her before, and I was surprised at how well we could carry a conversation. That moment of friendship ended as soon as we got there, and we found our own friends. The day carried on, and everyone enjoyed not having to be in class for an entire day. I saw my enemy a few times but never approached her. On the ride home we had to take the same bus we took to get there, and once again we ended up sitting next to each other.
I believe that much of the pleasure gained by readers of such stories, of all ages, flows from the recognition of ‘truths’ that they have ‘known’ for a long time. Jung with his collective unconscious, Freud with his archaic remnants and those faiths which accept the notion of reincarnation, all say in their own way that we are born with an inheritance of ancient knowledge embedded in us. I think my book, Tales for Great Grandchildren, reflects that.
To receive the transcendental knowledge we must completely surrender ourselves to the real ācārya in a spirit of ardent inquiry and service. Actual performance of service to the Absolute under the guidance of the ācārya is the only vehicle by which we can assimilate the transcendental knowledge. Today’s meeting for offering our humble services and homage to the feet of the Ācāryadeva will enable us to be favored with the capacity for assimilating the transcendental knowledge so kindly transmitted by him to all persons, without distinction.
Tessa L. Vanvlerah, 22, from St Louis, was charged with first-degree statutory rape and sodomy, as well as incest and child pornography.
(besides her obvious cuteness)
but sometimes?
After trimming off as much of the external fat as possible, I cut the brisket into three large chunks (mostly so that it would fit into my crockpot, but also to ensure even cooking) and covered it with the barbecue sauce. I refrigerated mine overnight at this point. If you've got the time, you could also just throw it all together in the morning and cook it right away.
A photo, link, or quote to share....
As the financial world hyperventilates and the markets continue towards meltdown I feel the need to breathe and indulge in a little escapism - if only for a quiet moment. My great friend and photographer extraordinaire, Carla Coulson, shot this beautiful image at the Moulin Rouge, in Paris.
Sigh. Can you guess which goal I'll have the most trouble with?
E00
Day 47 in my 100 day transformation.
None of us expected there to be a five years on for BB. We thought she’d pine herself to death. She didn’t. She was quite resilient. Perhaps I’m pining for her. She velcro’ed onto my mum and followed her around instead. She took to sleeping in with my parents and we all let her. She was the dog of the house now so we let her find her feet and her new role.
TG: I don't want to talk about your vagina, or . . . that other thing.
Nixon
above the shoulder blade of a young woman, her second customer of the night. “I
This cake is a little bit involved than many of the cakes I made and I realized that the ingredients are not things that you could find in a grocery store or even whole foods, but some substitution can be made. I guess I need to make two versions of this, the complicated one and the simpler one, just like the first ferrero rocher I made before, using rice krispies instead of feuilletine, and nutella instead of gianduja paste. The amount and the recipe is definitely different but you can get the same textural balance and same great taste. I still need to work on the "simpler" recipe as I lost it when I made it last year, but I'll try to post the recipe whenever I make another one (and not losing it) :). The "complicated" version is still on my scratch paper somewhere, with little notes here and there, no direction even. I don't have the picture of the inside and forgot to take a quick snap on my slice, so this is all I got. I realize there's not much variation on the pictures, but I was lucky to at least got a few minutes to take pictures :)
3. Inkjot- I don’t know why, but this cracks me up. I always wish I could draw. This blog has the artistry and the humor. My kind of combination. Jealous.
And here are the tunes.
or tree to curl under, across the valley
While sitting and going through the notes, looking, I am sure, forlorn in my little corner of the Bronx, one of the three workers at the store came up to me and we got to chatting about life and love in NY. C.J., the charmer of the crew, said he'd be my date until the real one showed up (though, having cars, they could not believe a subway could actually run so late, believe me fellas, it has and it did and it will again!) and we celebrated someones birthday surreptitiously behind the counter as they closed up shop.
Austin Thomassens 1
Coyotes are all around us. Literally. We see them trotting down the street. We see them hunting on the hill behind our house. We hear them crunching through the dry leaves on the hill behind our house every night. Apparently our hill is a popular coyote highway.
tiedye socks from Tokyo
“2.) The Korean Way of Life – which illustrates how Korean life of the Joseon period (1392-1910) revolved around the cycles of nature central to an agricultural society.
I gave a jar of these Bath Melts to my friends in our Knitting group, and they all loved them. Even my girls (and Gerry...) use them every night in their baths. They are super easy to make, and you use easy-to-find ingredients....they are awesome for soft skin!
The team also had a major association with Elvis Presley, and as so often happens, success proved a kind of undoing. Elvis’s first major national hit was “Hound Dog”, a song the team had written for Big Mama Thornton in 1953. Soon they were supplying songs for his movies that also became hits, songs at once funny and cool, hence perfect for the King: “Jailhouse Rock”, “You’re So Square (Baby I Don’t Care)”, “Bossa Nova Baby”, etc etc etc. As the machine ground on through the sixties however, the product began to descend into hackwork and exhaustion showed: “Girls! Girls! Girls”, “King Creole”, etc.
What to do, what theme to choose for the torso ... I wanted the colours a little bit like Spring or even a bit summary and decided to have a pinky-summer roses colour scheme. I cut the torso base from white card (about 18cm tall) and brushed it with distress ink 'Tattered Rose'. For the first time I used a rough brush, and I quite like that it gives a bit of a pattern/texture to the background. Once the base was covered with ink I stencilled a rhomb pattern (stencil: TCW) with distress ink 'Fired Brick'. To finish the base I stamped various images using a hybrid ink 'Strawberry Fool' (stamps: Stamper Anonymous, Kaisercraft)
Love, I look to you.
so when I dance with you my legs flow naturally
Goblin Fruit:
From flawed methods flow flawed conclusions. The work of the TRC has clearly had value in allowing victims to tell their stories, and in highlighting gross violations perpetrated by the security forces, the IFP, and the PAC. Many of the 'unexplained' disappearances of those who opposed the former government are unexplained no longer. But the commission's findings, whether against these organisations or against the UDF and ANC, are too superficial to add significantly to our understanding of the past. On the contrary, they seem calculated to preclude a proper comprehension by discounting rather than exploring the impact of the people's war.
Colt McAlister is drawn into a war against things he thought only existed in comic books.
“In fact he said please vote for me, your problem is my goal to resolve. But after he won, he never cared to meet and hear us anymore until early this year when he promised to resolve our problem after the last Chinese New Year.
A HOPE probationer offered drugs at a party on a Thursday knows that if he is summoned for a random drug test the following morning and fails, he will lose the opportunity to relax with family and friends over the weekend.
I did a 1.5 mile warm-up and then cranked the treadmill up to 7.5 MPH at a 1.5% incline. Woof. That first half mile felt rough. I took a 2 minute rest break instead of 1:30 and then tried again at closer to 8:20 minute/mile. Still rough. Not sure what was up with that. Too fast? Legs too tired? This cold I seem to be fighting off? I took a quarter mile rest break and then tried one more time. I only made it a tenth of a mile before I called it quits. I just wasn't feeling it. But, I'm guessing that sometimes it's smarter to end a workout early instead of pushing through when you're fatigued. I ended up doing 3 miles total on the treadmill and was sweating in places I didn't know I could sweat. So 2x800 instead of 4x800. I think the treadmill and I do better on 400 meter intervals. I'll have to remember that for next time.
So, let's get this crop started!
Need more coffee! BRB
I set the table today to lessen tomorrow’s commotion, and I used my mother’s china. (Sorry, BBB. Paper plates just won’t cut it!! And yes, I will do the dishes.) I want the day to be special because how many more Thanksgivings can my father have? And if he’s blessed with a dozen more, who knows whether even my brother’s vast negotiating skills will gain such concessions again.
For some reason the Up All Night season has seemed very long to me. The show has had strong individual performances and plenty of laughs, but still doesn’t seem very strong to me overall. It isn’t cohesive in some ways. The parenting stuff is often the weakest part of the show, which is problem since they marketed it heavily to that audience. I wouldn’t be upset if it comes back, but I’d rather see Maya Rudolph get her own show.
Last but not least in this pack, Sylvia Cook Photography is offering the winner, one print of his/her choice from her selection of fine art prints on Etsy. Up to a print size of 11x14. You will want them all!!
To understand that power we have to first understand that Easter really did happen. We believe that because the Scriptures of the New Testament are filled with eyewitness accounts. Those accounts tell us over and over again that Jesus did die on the cross . . . that he was buried . . . that on the third day he did rise from the dead . . . and, finally, that he is Lord and Savior and the Son of the Living God.
You will live your life to the fullest…
I want to go A-wassailing ( wait what is that again?)
There is an increasing body of academic literature on spaces and expressions of piety amongst Muslim communities. The following titles provide an introduction to various perspectives on the history, development and use of spaces by Muslims for worship and piety in both historical and contemporary contexts.
Mouthfeel (0-3): Medium bodied with good carbonation. 3 points
On Wednesday, May 9th the winner will be chosen by random selection.
Yesterday, a High court judge in Johannesburg ruled that the SABC was guilty of manipulating the news in 2005 and 2006, in a ruling that will boost criticism of the way the South African public broadcaster covers politics and cranked up the propaganda for Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe.
have weakened their systems
Upon walking in, I was absolutely shocked with what I saw. It really wasn't what I was expecting at all. The first thing I noticed was the gorgeous, fresh paint on the walls. The colors are earthy, and really remind me of colors that we used n our home.
“In a secular and non discriminatory society gay couples should be as free to marry as any other human couple. If people wish to be married within a religious or spiritual institution’s framework then they should accept the rites and rules of that institution. However it is the state that legitimises all marriages.”
515 Malcolm X Boulevard (at W. 135th Street) -- The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, a branch of the New York Public Library, is Hughes' final resting place. His ashes are contained underneath the foyer floor, beneath an inscription: "My soul has grown deep like the rivers." But the library always had a long association with Hughes. His 'poetry-play' 'Don't You Want To Be Free' played to sold-out crowds in the basement of the library in 1938. The play co-starred Robert Earl Jones, the father of James Earl Jones.
Wednesday is my dance class! :D I hope I can go, because it is also the day of the festival of Sant Agatha where we walk around in one giant hoard of people singing some song in Basque (I´m not sure exactly what it says, haha).
1. No preservatives and stabilisers
1 cup Greek wine
It was a fun little family trip and Brooklynn had a great time playing with her cousins that she loves so much!
I've seen the faith you have had during those very dark August days when just putting on a jersey didn't seem possible. I worked some miracles to get you back for another year in your very expensive private school. Everyone who knew your situation, even your own parents, were amazed that you could believe the unseen so clearly!
Stroppy & Crabbit sound like lawyers but don't be deceived; still, you'd always want them on your side. (There was a lawyer there - one who knew something about pirates).
I, it... what??
Last night he said he didn’t know what I wanted. I told him that I wanted to be loved, to be adored, to be cherished, to be taken care of, to feel special. He said that is what he does everyday.
We will just have to wait and see how well the competitors’ design and technology stacks up, but what’s certain is Pandora’s dominance in personalized radio is about to become a heated battle.
It took a few weeks after the MRI to get the report. An hour stuck in a noisy tube was totally worth the wait. I picked up the imaging disc but was not equipped with the proper software to be able to read it. My general practitioner didn’t call me about the report. I called the hospital myself and had the report sent to my old doctor, one of the best chiropractors in the city. When I called him to schedule an appointment, he wasn’t surprised that I had waited so long to go see him. He knows I’m stubborn and simply said…. “Amber, you always wait to come see me until you have completely fallen apart!”.
This, when the reality is that this administration has done its level best to destroy the US economy for every citizen from top to bottom in the way that any equal opportunity socialist would do.
I hope to have your support if you live here in the area and very much hope that you are able to participate!!!!!!
But after moving to New York in 1997 from Bahrain, he slowly began to rethink his stance. Now Mr. Rashid, 56, has come full circle: not only has he adopted yoga into his daily routine, but he has also encouraged other Muslims to do so — putting himself squarely against those who consider yoga a sin against Islam.
And are the reductions marked on the tickets? No. In fact there are no signs that say 'sale' at all. I asked the girl if their sale opened later than the rest of Paris: she looked at me like I was insane and said, 'No, everything is 40% off'. So why do I keep on shopping at Les Prairies? I looove their clothes - understated but never simple cuts you'll never see anywhere else - and especially their shoes n' bags.
3. Hundreds of emails and text and they all blame me.
Wreaths stamp set
So as perfect as I may seem, I am indeed a flawed human being. I neglected my lawn for a few weeks and it grew into a wild jungle.
Recently I was watching Ghostbusters, another media representation of New York, but one where there is a black character, Winston. However, he shows up late in the film, after the other characters have already been developed. He's not friends with the three main characters, he's a co-worker. He acts strangely in the mayor's office, providing some stereotypical race humor. Token characters are an option Hollywood has visited before. Did it make things better in society? The central problem is how segregated we've allowed ourselves to remain, not whether we're pretending onscreen to be more comfortable with diversity than we actually are. It'll be really cool when, one day, someone from each sitcom is carfree (seriously, "Parks and Recreation" is in a small town and nobody ever bikes?). But a lot of us are living this way now and you're not seeing it on TV.
23. When Bush Took Office, Gas was $1.46
not a single tear.
The thing is, my opinion is why should I install extra things to make something good that should be good in the first place? I am an IT-savvy kind of guy, and I know how to figure out the things I don’t know, build back-end systems, maintain servers and database systems etc. etc. I might not be a wizzkid, but I do know my way around everything. But I simply do not have the desire to go after extensions. And here is why:
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to ever consider that the experiences I have within me could be a result of relationships that in fact abuse life, but that I did not allow myself to see or ask such a question because I was to pre-occupied by the experience I was having as the end result, which blinded and distracted me from ever asking and / or ensuring that that which I am participating in supports life.
and yes, eat the prawns!
We can experience the redemption of our souls even now. But what exactly will the redemption of our body mean—that redemption which was made possible through Christ’s Resurrection? We can find no better description of this than in the words of St. Symeon, who undoubtedly beheld something of this future age in prophetic Divine vision. St. Symeon writes:
well you should be out catching murderers or burglars
Just two teaspoons a day of the oil itself. Not cooked. Now don't pull faces. Hear me out. If you put said oil in a bowl of oatmeal it blends very nicely and I promise you can not taste it. You can also spread it over pancakes and then add your syrup or jam. It goes undetected, and for me the pancakes were even better because of the FAT! And it was legal. You can also use it over salad with some balsamic vinegar and seasonings. Put garlic and oregano into it and dip some bread into it. I have also been told it can be put onto air poopped popcorn and then you can easily flavor it how you like.
It’s time now to make a stand.
First, I must tell you...the weather was PERFECT! Not too hot, not too cold.
I'm just sayin'...
Happy Hump Day Everyone, and remember to live Happily Ever Healthy!
For X’mas this time.
Each handset is unique on its own but not shockingly different that you would notice a certain pattern. That pattern is noticeable from to start to end- these handsets differ on their features and one thing they guarantee is that a client will from then on view the nec mobilepro 9000 and enjoy the modern digital experience.
I ran inside, washed my face, slathered on some deodorant, dabbled on some make-up,
I produce images to be appreciated by others, and I am really so pleased that so many people - especially non-photographers - will be able so see my images as prints all around the UK. People who have read my blog before will instantly recognise the two images Pearls and Simply Red, with Pearls being awarded the Gold Medal.
For a long time, too long, I have equated criticism with rejection - I'm not all there yet - but in creative pursuits, and maybe in all things, if you truly want to grow you have to be able to hear truth that hurts and embrace it because of what it will produce in you long term.
"The National Roads of France are numbered
Leona Coyne:”Hey Attack Watch, my neighbor won’t give me all her money even though she makes more than me. Look into this please.”
Click on the link below to go to my account to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work.
Light, sweet feminine fragrant awaits me at the bedroom door, enticing the will of my mind,
After almost a year in speech therapy, BobbyBlabberMouth is finally starting to open up and use his words to tell us what he needs. A year ago, he wouldn't say anything or even try to communicate with us non-verbally, so this is amazing for us. We finally know what our little boy wants.
Then I inked it with Distress Ink, Peeled paint and Walnut stain, of course you can use any colors you like. Next step is...
Those freaky hole-in-throat ads fail to mention how much easier it is to make friends over a cigarette. Hey, got a light? I don’t see what the big deal is about secondhand smoke, we don’t complain about their carbon-dioxide emissions.
Pinterest is like having them on the wall, so I really do like it...sometimes I just pull up a board and leave it on the computer desktop, so I can come back to it every now and then while I work around the house...How about you..? Who out there likes Pinterest?
Do you only celebrate a Fall festival, or is there Halloween and Trick-or-Treating there too?
None of us are perfect, but I am still aghast. Then again, I am more aghast at how we treat our First Nations in Canada, because if we treated them as the equal human beings they are, this oppression would not be such a painful trigger button, waiting to be pushed. White-skinned people, and their privilege, have created this emotional damage in so many generations of Aboriginals, and even racial minorities aside from Aboriginals have seen better treatment; perhaps we all just reaped what we have sown in this case.
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted (1 stick)
remember you can do it;
At the bench, it was pioneered by Bonbon Custodip and the surprisingly steady Eric Salamat, with Mac Baracael, Samigue Eman and Paolo Bugia manning the insides.
PIYO: That is correct, putar. But now he has found the time.
-Saturday we started our first little garden for our backyard. They are just seeds so they have a long way to go, and a lot to learn. I hope its successful because we planted a TON of seeds! Keating "helped" and dumped out an entire packet of lettuce seeds... we aren't even sure if you can plant lettuce in the south right now, but if so we should have about 80 lettuce plants give or take!
Jeremy ekes out a few pennies a night as a lamp boy, lighting the way for men seeking entertainment on the rough night streets. But as the Duke Street Boys muscle in, demanding a sizable cut, Jeremy pits his wits against them and a growing list of foes – the worst are the orphan hunters, who wish to capture and sell him to the textile mills. They all soon discover this is not a boy to be trifled with.
The lobster tail had been poached and sliced, and the claws dipped in a tempura batter and lightly fried. An accompanying salad with cucumber, mango and tomato was dressed with lemony vinaigrette. The aromas were heavenly, even though I had been reduced to eating lobster … again.
Grand Forks, ND
Two went home broke, but with obama like zen – it was someone else’s fault.
This has become the new narrative in the US and western Europe now, where foreign leaders and other non-state actors with brown skin are given lengthy trials through press briefings by suited politicians in places like Washington, London and Paris, echoed by the corporate media until an antagonist is born for public consumption.
Pretty darn sure I'm not alone in being surprised and a bit dismayed that RIP the Fifth is already behind us. You know, the way times flies by so damn quickly is not a new phenomenon, yet it still pretty much throws me for a loop several times a year. Seriously--can someone please, please, please tell me how it got to be November already?!!
I've read a good many of these things, enough where reviews of 'em will make a hefty blog post, so I figured it's time to do that.
I did also want to say that Brian and I plan on seeing a therapist. We already have one recommendation from a dear friend who is a therapist. My doctor had someone in mind too but in all the hustle and bustle of this week we forgot to get the name but I oddly think it is the same place that A.M. referred me to. I only wanted to share this because like I said I'm hoping it will help someone else who might need the same thing but be too embarrassed to make the call because honestly that has been our problem up until now. We promised each other that we would see a therapist if it ever happened again. It just isn't worth the extra pain when you feel like the most important person in your life doesn't understand the way you feel. All the books I read spelled it out for me that men and women deal with it differently and that us women often times simply feel like the man just doesn't care but even reading that didn't make it any easier for me.
May 03 1:21 AM
Other over-the-top expenditures included nearly $2,000 for 20 gallons of Starbucks Coffee, $8,000 for elevator operators at a Manhattan hotel, and $1,500 to rent more than a dozen extension cords for the Colorado recruiting fair.
thoughts or my feelings. In either case my experience falls within my
Wait, he said, I think I
Here is what you will find in our Autumn Sensory Bin this Season:
Page 1 has no accidentals. But it does have tricky spots. I thought circling those places in the music would make it easier for my student to see the differences and learn the piece better right away (rather than undoing learned mistakes).
This secondary power is never used again.
(d) ashtrays are installed and the area regularly cleaned; and
I got a margarita machine out of the gift exchange, and everyone wanted it. That simple. But I ended up walking away with it, thank goodness.
Narrator How are you going to carry the pots back? Won’t they be heavy?
Summer
One of a few pictures I've used this technique on -
You can hold me to supporting my every assertion with a Bible verse or you can spare yourselves the drudgery, and either take my word for it, or the more integral thing to do, see for yourself if what I have to say measures up to Biblical Theology. For my beliefs about the church presuppose Biblical authority and derive from my understanding of the holistic teaching on the Church throughout the New Testament.
This week I am focusing on getting my house ready for my sister’s arrival, as well as a holiday party that I am hosting next weekend. I am thinking of doing a blue/silver/white theme for decorations, but I need some ideas. I’ve turned to (what else?!?!) Pinterest for some inspiration and this is what I found:
And, if the Community Arts Co-ordinator at Darlington Arts Centre is reading this, I only hope you enjoyed your lunch. Had it ended earlier than 2pm, when I was there, you might have had a piece of my barbed tongue to contend with.
Throughout most of the world, humans have brown eyes, black hair, and varying shades of dark skin. An exception is Europe, especially its northern and eastern portions. Here, eyes are not only brown but also blue, gray, hazel, or green. Hair is not only black but also brown, flaxen, golden, or red. Finally, skin has been whitened to the end point of depigmentation.
"Now farmers, buyers, researchers, consumers or anyone interested in creating a food hub in their community can tap into a single resource to find the information that they need," Merrigan said.
No matter how a circumstance looks to us, God is always in control, especially when we surrender to Him.
Look at this Bicycle Food Cart. I love it! The name is Chai Crepes. The line was too long so I didn’t stop to chat or order but tomorrow is another day. I thought their cart was unique and their food smelled delicious.
We arrived just in time for the program. With a smile on their faces, members of the hotel security greeted us, “Good evening sir. Good evening ma’am.” Wow, nag-English si manong. Learned.
We had an early start this morning at 5:00am. Today, I took my lil' girl to camp for the first time. We left at 6:00am to arrive at 10:30am. After the long trip, a few stops, check-in, good byes and the ride back home, I am now resting. No crafting for me tonight. I'm exhausted!!
Sheets are dirty. I figured it was a set in stain so I rub at it…and it wipes away. GROSS! Back down to the front desk I go. WN is devastated for me. But he can’t fix it himself…and he has no other room for me. So I ask for sheets. I can change them! Oops. He’s out. Ugh.
Humor was a little harder to come by this year than in past contests — apparently ninjas and pirates are funnier subjects than robots — but it didn't stop Mooderino. He takes home the prize with this little number:
The Exegesis - The book that many Dick-heads had been waiting for finally arrived last month. Though reviews have been fairly negative, the book has been happily chewed on by Dick-heads for a couple months, and I would hope we will see some interesting study and insight come from this giant volume. Working on the book was, for me, one of the highlights of the year.
One aspect that I found quite amazing was while watching the film itself, and the graphic novel really can’t do it justice. It is the animation, which has a smooth and unique feel to it. One would wonder why Ari Folman used animated cartoon as a medium for such a project, but it turned out to be perfect in creating the ambience that surrounds dreams, a heavy element in this story, and it was a manageable budget for him as a film maker. The art style itself is melancholic in a sense, with heavy use of shadows. But it also captured the facial features of everyone very well, giving them their character.
15 years ago Debbie Thiel landed our very first mail customer and the rest is history.
In his speech, Najib said the submarine was named after the Tunku in recognition of his contribution in leading the country to independence.
I'll be back later after I get some pictures!
17. Stranded - Death On Wednesday
I didn't notice anyone until I was going through these photos at home, and I've had to zoom as much as possible. If you click on the picture you should be able to make out a few foolhardy souls who had gone for a closer inspection of the landslip and appeared to be standing right on the edge.
1 tsp Vanilla Essence
Muses never heard
Changed name to Innervision.
Good luck and the drawing will be on Jan 14th so you have plenty of time. :)
Skype dating is fun and nerve-wracking and I think I'll write an entire post on it soon, which means...... I need to Skype with more people. Let's go on a date!
1-2 garlic cloves, diced (I used a garlic press)
Sometimes I wonder if you loved me ever,
moral of this story?
Hope & Crosby would not be Paramount's only famous comedy team. Starting with My Friend Irma in 1949, Paramount released movies starring Dean Martin & Jerry Lewis as well. All of the team's classics were Paramount films, including At War with the Army (1950), Scared Stiff (1953), and Artists & Models (1955). After the team broke Paramount continued to release movies starring Jerry Lewis. All of the comic's films were released through Paramount until Three on a Couch in 1965, including The Bellboy (1960), The Nutty Professor (1963), and The Disorderly Orderly (1965). In addition to Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, and Jerry Lewis, Paramount would be home to some of the greatest comedic actors of all time, including Dorothy Lamour, Danny Kaye, Betty Hutton, and others.
I went and got my haircut yesterday which I desperately needed. I was hesitant to go to so an expensive place, but I gave it shot, and I think I found "my" stylist. It was 30 for a wash and cut, and she was even nice enough to style it for free. I love it. As soon as you walk in they give you a tour of the place, offer you something cold or hot to drink, and then give you a scalp massage before washing your hair. After I was done, Michael wasn't back from Petsmart just yet and they were about to close, but were nice enough to let me stay until Michael got back. So, I think they've got a loyal customer now.
Then came a mid-March interview with the UK’s Guardian newspaper in which President Sirleaf defended laws in her country that effectively criminalize homosexuality. “We like ourselves just the way we are,” she said. ”We’ve got certain traditional values in our society that we would like to preserve.”
Because all of a sudden he felt himself flying into the air. He'd never taken that long of a jump before, and it was scary. Then... instead of his cool, dark sleeping spot, he found himself out in the bright sunshine. He had no idea how he'd gotten here.
If low upkeep and expense is appealing to you, then you need to truly take into consideration an electric mower. If you have an electric outlet to charge a battery then you can simply use a cordless mower. Forget about obtaining and storing gasoline at your property.
I lie in my bed feeling utterly bereft. My ovary could be exploding inside me and all they're doing is masking the pain. My kidney could be damaged beyond repair. Still no scan.
Now, you are astute and noticed that I said 181 days is safe and 179 days is not safe, but what if they die exactly on the 180th day? Well, that is where lawyers make their money – arguing over the definition of a single word: “within”. Does “within” include the day it references or refer to the day up until that day. Hmmm, I suppose I should research that.
To Die Like a Man (Rodrigues)
After considering this question and how best to answer it, I thought I'd share with you a step by step of how I create my quality digital:
"The decision of Moodlerooms and NetSpot to work under Blackboard may sound very strange at first to anyone in this industry," said Dougiamas, "but it's my understanding that these three companies have some good plans and synergies. I'm happy to say that Moodlerooms and NetSpot will remain Moodle Partners, and have promised to continue providing Moodle services, participating in the community, and contributing financially to Moodle exactly as they always have."
You have until January 20th at Noon CST to enter our Valentine challenge. If you would like to send in your Valentine or any other child appropriate card to Send a Smile 4 Kids to cheer a child who is inpatient in a children's hospital, please read our guidelines and find our addresses under the tabs at the top of our blog.
I sit here reading anything in the motorhome, watching dvds, playing computer games, keeping up with all of my facebook friends. Good friends call to check on me, Steve and Michelle stopped to visit on their way home from Republic. I intend to sit here for a couple weeks and do nothing.
All I want for you
I had to drive out of our road and turn back on ourselves into Creek Road, heading for the middle of Greenwich and the Blackwall Tunnel under the River Thames.
Space: Madero claims in his book that that is where we all end up, so maybe that's where he is.
Oh, the mundane ritual of the daily commute! Of all the conformities of modern living, what is it in particular about the commute along the New Haven line -- from Grand Central to points of suburbia along the south shore of Connecticut -- that must drive the perpetually frustrated Pete Campbell to the edge of insanity?
a scent of night
they forged a near-telepathic musical rapport with each other,
like gathered fabric
Bakshi doesn't help matters by creating and designing only ONE realistically-moving character (Holli) and populating the remainder as having the consistency of Jello and the inconsistency of your average low-rent Saturday Morning cartoon show - you know, the ones they show at 7:00 AM when the kids are still asleep or just barely awake? And like I said, he should know better. His early animation he did for that Sixties "Spider-Man" cartoon show was more solid and consistent than this is. Bakshi has won awards for his work and for his creativity. Cool World may be just the thing needed, however, to have all his trophies revoked.
Now, this kid doesn't go to Teagan's school. This wasn't shown to this girl. This wasn't seen by the in-common friend who hosted the playdate (she was out sick yesterday). This was something Teagan says she did on her own and laughed about with another friend.
For your own sake, you cannot let yourself get used to people adjusting their actions because of your irritability. If everybody did that, you would come to expect it, and that's how egomaniacs are born.
Siri is a good example of software that’s closing the gap between building software and walking away from it, to running software throughout its lifetime until it is refined to the customer’s needs, business objectives of Apple, and accessing real time data on how users operate Siri. However, even though it’s seen as a benefit to release software quickly into the market, user testing must not replace the quality assurance testing of the product. I raise this point specifically because not that long ago, a user has decided to sue Apple over Siri because “it was misleading and deceptive” and didn’t promise what it offered.
“How about you let us pass and I will not destroy the restaurant, dry cleaner, the houses and kill most of your men while flattening most of this barricade you so obviously worked hard to erect.” That is undeniably Sam, offering a none too subtle threat.
Some of these photos, like the one below, show the old house (built in 1909) as currently advertised on a variety of real estate websites, looking empty and sad. Peeling paint, leftover furniture, and covered windows give the impression of something in neglect, desperately in need of a new owner.
Loeffler spent the last four seasons as Fran O’Hanlon’s top assistant coach and has nine years of college coaching experience. He helped the Leopards advance to the Patriot League Tournament final in 2010 and 2011, serving as a recruiting coordinator, overseeing travel and budget and serving as the liaison with compliance and admissions.
Card # 631: Kerry Wood, 2011 Topps Update Gold US 115, Chicago Cubs (631/2011)
6. There will be no Chinese Walls in these new supergroups. That is, they’ll say there are, but there won’t be. Say I’m doing business with a sovereign I know (from my own trades) is under attack. The contract is worth $8bn, and my ratings subsidiary looks set to downgrade them. If they don’t, of course, then the contract might run another two years. Do I just toddle down to that subsid and have a chat with the guys about this dilemma?
In the afternoon – silent and hot – the thermometer in the sun reads 100°, but the temperature in the solid shade of a building feels perfect. So quiet. Occasional twitter of tiny birds, so quiet I can hear madrona leaves, dry and crackly as they fall from branches.
For the closure, I stitched a 'hair elastic' into the front edge of the lid...
Ok, it might be the pain drugs still talking.. but I'm seriously excited about this!!!! And I'm not the only one!
I've made a pocket fold card with a flat tag card insert for the greeting and a bookmark to slip in with it. The cute little owl (YES, another owl lol) is from Pink Cat Studio. I think they are my favourite owls out of all the ones I have :) AND....ta dah...I've made a FLOWER!!!! Are you proud of me or what Helen LOL My lovely friend Helen has been making these for a while now and I fell in love with them. Not bad for someone who was never fond of paper flowers! I've been going to have a go at one of these for ages...they are SOOOOO easy to make. I think I feel another addiction coming on :) If you'd like to see a FABULOUS tutorial, head on over to Helens' blog and you'll find a few different flowers to make with this method. My flower parts were cut with my trusty KNK Maxx as I don't have the necessary punches. The wording on the bookmark was created with the Word Art feature in My Memories Suite...which I'm absolutely LOVING!
- 1 "Happy" chipboard word album
Novelist Naomi Ragen writes: “There has never been, in the history of the Jewish people, a more courageous and admirable generation of young people. There has never been, in the history of the Jewish people, a more amazing variety of Jewish life in the land that God gave us. The two of these things combined make me glad to be alive; glad to be a Jew; glad to be privileged to live in the land of the Jews, the land of Israel.”
"Today could be the day that you decide to start your own 365 project. You could inspire yourself and others with the art you make. You could find devotion. You could find an obsession. You have to start to start somewhere."
Soft Answers are a potent Wrath-block
“You are so full of it.”
With one of the largest pools of young people in the world, India will see massive growth in consumption of data and content over mobile devices and proliferation of mobile commerce, analysts say.
I wish everyone could be winners, wouldn't that be nice? But we only have two today so using random org. here they are:
So why are we there? We are there to watch. And, then, to worship and praise and glorify and honor.
$3.5bn will go to state and federal governments to repay public funds lost as a result of servicer misconduct and to fund housing counselors, legal aid and other similar public programs.
"It has been observed and the testimony is there from several women that have been abused by their husbands both verbally and physically. Many have testified and it seems commonplace for many husbands to take in younger women and commit adultery with them even in the presence of their wives. They also talk down to them and say, “they are not pretty any more," they physically abuse them and the multiple bruises display the evidence. What is worse is law enforcement looks the other way and allows this moral evil to take place daily.
We found out that Ellie enjoys to scribble, paint, and look at books!!!! Is she going to fit in or what? For those of you that know us well, know we have an art cabinet stocked with supplies. The kids and I are always doing some sort of project. I cannot wait to hang her art and creations on the wall next to the other children's work.
2nd CFL-3 Russell Creamer
02. Bad timing 3:34
Every major river in the region has risen above historical records, most of them bursting their banks. Floodwaters have swept cars into the sea. Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes.
Quote Tolkien: “It’s like in the great stories Mr. Frodo, the ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were, and sometimes you didn’t want to know the end because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end it’s only a passing thing this shadow, even darkness must pass. A new day will come, and when the sun shines it’ll shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you, that meant something even if you were too small to understand why.”
Here’s a recap of my past week in photos:
At this point you may be thinking, “I can understand how the Lord would bless
I recall my friends who were staying at another hostel which was further away from us and the centre, got lost at the end of the first night, they’re second night mind you. We tried to help them for a while but being the kites that we were decided to call it a night and left them to find it on their own. We had sleeping to do, so we could wake up, bake up and continue our high pilgrimage.
Show up in the rainbow.
