With so many shades of red, Cole had to do choose carefully with which one she would go with to suit everyone. She said: “When selecting the shade I chose one I felt would flatter most hair and skin types, and is the red that everyone wants in their make-up bag.”
Then comes the journey back home, first back to Georgia as the border crossings between Armenia and Turkey are closed down. When we enter Turkey for the second time, we’ll set out towards Cappadocia – this means we’ll be cruising around central Turkey for about 2-3 days.
Here’s how the article ended:
thank you for teaching me how to love by example. you are such a giving person. you show your love through hard work. it meant so much to me when you flew all the way to texas, cooked meals, cleaned our house, made desserts, worked and fretted over cole, lily, and i when lily was born and beyond. it meant so much to have you by my side in the hospital. thank you for all that you do. i love you.
Inside:
I really found it fantastic on how Cinematographer Sean Bobitt (The Situation) and for Joe Walker (Tabloid) to Edit every moving disclosure of the night in the city, the train rides, even the vacant lots at the bay looked tranquil and in the right mood coming from lighting and camera shots! Making the triumvirate of Steve, Sean and Joe turning heads while winning multiple awards and gaining accolades from all over the industry since their first film together in Hunger!
Advance reservations recommended by emailing John or turn up and pay on the door.
At least one person, an Algerian journalist named Reda Hussaine, was aware what was going on in these early days at Finsbury Park mosque; not that that amounted to anything because MI5 didn’t want to know. He wrote:
I do feel such a huge range of emotions and I am trying hard to recognise them and acknowledge them and yet stay positively focused on the power and beautiful capabilities my body has to heal.
I had a few spare ingredients floating around the fridge, like sour cream and a tin of apples, and I immediately thought of what a good combination they would be together. After a little search on the internet, I came across various recipes using similar ingredients. So, I made up my own version based on those recipes for a Apple and Sour Cream Slice. I absolutely loved it. It was like biting into layer after layer of yumminess. First, was the buttery short-bread like base. Then, a layer of those classic pie apples. And then the silky smooth sour cream topping. I'll definitely be making this one again.
Psionic: Psionicists must maintain constant focus to keep the winds working as they wish so a Psionicist must spend an action every turn to maintain it or the power will cease.
What I support is putting all science on the table and then letting students decide. I don’t think it’s a good idea for government to come down on one side of scientific issue or another, when there is reasonable doubt on both sides.
What baby Zachary really needs is a “wet nanny” who could combine the roles of milk-cow and governess. Could Elton persuade a talented woman from the world of show business to raise the boy in a manner worthy of his illustrious paternity? I’ve thought of several candidates for the job, whom I shortlist below along with reservations about their suitability.
It's been really busy lately workwise as we do our usual year end reporting and go through a finance department restructure. Always a joy!
I’ll start with yesterday since we didn’t post. It wasn’t too exciting, though. We went to our Growly Dog 2 class and it was ok. There were only 2 of us in class and it wasn’t very effective to what Gypsy needs. We were able to help the other dog though, so that was good. But for Gypsy, it wasn’t much help. It was still good. We mainly did BAT setups in the classroom and I worked with Gypsy off leash in our little boxed in area. Then I had to run some errands and in the evening she was pretty quiet for a weekend.
Unfortunately, all-inclusive vacations are rare in the United States. They’re commonplace in Mexico resort areas such as Cancun, and Caribbean destinations like Jamaica and the Dominican Republic.
Do you believe this? If so, what is your dream? And what support and help do you need to carry it out?
“That band could kill any band at the time and frankly can just kill any bands that built on this work since…just eat any of those poodles.” – Iggy Pop on his band The Stooges.
Thank you for a great weekend IL family!
To thee from tortured souls arise.
A week later she was flown back to the U.S., still in deep pain, and admitted into Baylor Medical Center in Dallas.
He wore a mullet in a TV sitcom “E/R” before another TV “ER” brought him fame. Roseanne was “crazy fun” when he worked on her sitcom. She once asked “why don’t you take me out behind and make me stink?”
I was silent film star Zetta Zarbo and Eric was my boyfriend and mob boss Hal Sapone. I ended up being the murderer But the highlight of the evening was dressing in 1920's garb. We all agreed, they knew how to dress back then and other highlight was our other friend Aubree's amazing meal she catered for the night. She's my new favorite chef.
1. It Was A Dream (Christiansen, v. d. Knaap, v. Niele) 3:43
Behind the table of this shelter there is a platform the length of the shelter upon which you can roll out your sleeping bag and spend the night off the ground. Some shelters even have two platforms and can sleep up to eight or ten people. There is always a log book in the shelters for hikers to log in, if desired, and leave a note for followers. You can enlarge the photo and see the book on the sleeping platform in the right corner. "Wendy" had stopped by here that morning for breakfast. It's a nice place for hikers to gather and share trail stories around the campfire.
“Sometimes things would be so much simpler if you could just pull out your gun and shoot the bad guy. Reason number seventeen why Indiana Jones is my hero.”(Jasmine Parks)
To have love in your heart for someone,
I still see little babies when I think about you but you really
Don't worry, this post has nothing to do with the economy or any of the other cataclysmic horrors we all seem to see looming ahead. No, this is about a new song and a mother taking the time to boast shamelessly about her son.
1 commune
That's the real meaning of Yom HaShoah....because this is a day of renewal as well as sadness, just as the nation of Israel has grown like a brilliant flame out of the ashes of a thousand Jewish communities of Europe liquidated in the Shoah.
SlID: We don't want to tie it to any category, except to say it's rock'n'roll at its widest and the record is simply flicking great.
I had a couple of hours in Atlanta before my flight to Paris, so I slid into a bar stool at One Flew South which happens to be about a hundred yards from the Air France gate. It was late Friday afternoon and most of the international concourse bar patrons were in a festive mood. My pals Tiffany the bartender and Terrence the head waiter were very excited that I was off to Paris. Terrence told me to make sure one day to be on a river boat on the Seine at nightfall. After a couple of perfect Vesper cocktails and best wishes all around, it was time to head down to the boarding area.
“Oh Christ! It is the Inchcape Rock!”
In an effort to live a real life outside my pinboards, I made these breakfast cookies. I was partially motivated by the desire to check some things off my baking board, and partially by the fact that we ran out of cereal yesterday. We need breakfast, folks. We’re heavily dependent upon that first meal of the day.
Last but NOT least...follow our challenge. This is what makes it a "challenge" :0)
We, as black folks have to do a better job.
Whereas Paul’s confessions were pre-biblical, the Apostles’ Creed is (obviously enough) post-Biblical. That is to say, while the confessions that Paul cites had their basis in the earliest Christian tradition, the Apostles’ Creed has its basis in what is now known as the NT canon. For instance, it incorporates “who was conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate” from the Gospels and “he descended into hell” from Paul.
Have a great fucking revolutionary day!
Under Fire by Catherine Mann
Stumblebus is one of three retired, “retro” beers from NABC's past that we're reviving this anniversary year as the 10th Anniversary Bygoner Series. The other two classics we're revisiting are Bourbondaddy and Turbo Hog. A final 10th anniversary beer, this one newly formulated, is a Belgian-style Wee Heavy called Scotch de Ainslie. It honors Hew Ainslie (1792-1878), New Albany’s first-known commercial brewer.
The other morning, I saw a flock of devotees pour out of the house by the dozen. It looked like the entrance to a rock concert. Whenever they arrive at night , I peek because I want to know so bad what the hell happens across the way. My devoted readers, I promise to provide you with footage of the cult members descending to their shrine.
“For our heart is glad in him, because we trust in his holy name.” – Psalm 33:21
So, on Saturday, I had a good day out with the lads.
The biggest roadblock Fox will be facing is America’s economy. Farms, especially dairy farms, have been single-handily most effected by our poor economy; in 2009, the net income of farms was cut nearly in half compared to in 2008 (Source text).
I’d long been most familiar with the Robert Haas edition.
1/21
We slowly and methodically kill our creative selves by consistently doing nothing with our ideas.
So I’ve been trying to find the words to say,
So the next day you think, “I’ll teach you public transport system!” and you get up an hour earlier just to get into your car at 7:00. You get out of your suburb, through the next few and start noticing the traffic starting to pick up but you’re still thinking “imaheada the eight ball here”. You drive 20kms slower on the freeway but it’s alright, you’re still in front and it’s only 7:33! Then suddenly, as the freeway reaches its end point at the inner city suburbs things start to look different. There’s a lot of brake lights up ahead, a lot of sitting in your car waiting. But you figure it’s ok, because it’s only 7:42 and it shouldn’t take 48 minutes to get to the parking lot. Wrong.
Tale: Dacian has been disowned and dishonored by his parents for getting into too many drunken fights and being expelled from the university. Dacian still has his own considerable personal wealth and a loyal bodyguard, but he doesn't have his parent's love or respect. Dacian is too proud to change his ways, but aims to prove himself worthy despite his flaws.
I wanted to wait and see if he or his band would apologize. And how did Fallon apologize to Rep. Bachmann? By tweeting it to her. A tweet?!?! I mean he couldn't even send her an email, or place a phone call, or even a message tied to a pigeon's leg. The leader of the band when having a chance to apologize spent the time promoting his new album.
As some of you may know, Jake and I received some bad news earlier this week. We are getting kicked out of our condo because the owners who we are renting from didn't pay the mortgage; so it is now a foreclosure. We wish we knew what they were doing with our money then! It's really sad because we were in love with this place. It was so perfect! Everything from the location, to the amenities, to all the upgrades... we pictured ourselves living here until we bought a house. And now the stressful apartment hunting has begun. We're having the toughest time finding a place that will 1) allow Lucy 2) has laundry in the apartment 3) isn't teeny tiny 4) is in a good neighborhood 5) has more than one bathroom 6) doesn't cost a fortune. And it's safe to say that there is no place that fits all of our criteria, so we're having an even tougher time deciding what things to give up on so we can actually have a place to live in. We aren't sure when we have to move out by, we're guessing in like 2 months so we have a little bit of time, but the longer we wait the more unable I'll be to help and the more things we will have. But I'm sure we'll find something eventually that we'll be happy with.
Today is the day that I stop making lists, and start working.
Remember what I've told you
Bel Canto White-Out conditions N
Jared: I look like a baby.
shall be held close
Water only made the fever worse, a cleansing that started a whole new day, but the same old story.
The red, white, and blue... an American flag.
The receiver worked well with my leather gloves, and I had plenty of room in the trigger guard without feeling like I would have a negligent discharge at any second. The target today was a highly visible steel plate at 300M.I marked it with a yellow circle in the picture at left, just to make it 'jump out' a bit more for the readers at home.
I like that the recipe incorporated bananas and sugar in it; you can't really taste the banana in it, but the recipe does have a little bit of sweetness.
A newer brand which is the brainchild of renowned educator & connoisseur David Suro-Piñera. They only distill in small batches & all their products are certified kosher.
Hope y'all have a Happy Sunday and Presidents Day tomorrow!
How to express in words the magic of this film, or any Ruiz film for that matter? Its narrative, like a tall tale dusted off and handed down by the narrator to its curious listener, is full of strange tangents, jarring twists and a variety of intangible loose ends. There are stories within stories - a kaleidoscope of images, refracted, like a cracked mirror-ball manifestation - which traipse backwards and forwards between mystery, fantasy, thriller, melodrama and farce, as if the whole thing is being invented for our amusement (before the rug is pulled out from under us by yet another narrative left-turn!)
I decided to use cloth wipes because I was irritated by how many disposables it took to clean my baby. It seemed like we were constantly buying them. My mother was right when she told me a warm, wet washcloth cleans the best and it's more comfortable for baby. Plus, it's so easy to just wash the wipes with the diapers. I use a wipes warmer, with a
Green chillies – 4, sliced
However, for many, the presumption is that anyone who actively enjoys and plans how to dress must be a bubblehead. For those sitting in judgment, it is apparently impossible to be both intelligent and stylishly attired: wear a leopard print turban simply because you want to, and you deserve ridicule.
We see this from 1 Corinthians 2:14.
Genre: historical erotic romance set during the Civil War
Love to Cook – Cook to Love.
The fact that the web has become so big so fast was supposed to mean TV would shrivel and eventually die. In fact, TV viewing is at its highest point ever. The web has just added to -- not replaced -- the amount of media we are gorging on. And that amount is alarming.
And every pub in Johnson Street is full up to the brim
under your door
Here is my version!
Matt just looked at me and shook his head.
This week we want to see work with a theme beginning with G! The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please.
"Demolition" also is a fitting description of the effect this concoction had on me. It is a billowy blonde brew, with aromatics and citrus in the nose, sweet fruit on the tongue and a surprisingly spicy finish.
And with His light He will show you truth
agricultural production is the
First, we're going to make the turkey stock. I bought six turkey wings for less than $8.00. Place them in a roasting pan (or a Dutch Oven). Add a couple of onions, cut into chunks, and a few sticks of celery. You don't have to bother peeling the onions or garlic.
In ancient times, the birthright was a very important and sacred thing. It belonged to the firstborn. He would also receive a chief portion of the inheritance. But it was more than just a title to the physical assets of a family. It was also a spiritual position, and in the case of the people of God, God would lead the family through patriarchs, or fathers (Hebrews 1:1-2). Additionally, in the special case of Esau and Jacob, that meant the one to whom belonged the birthright was the one through who the covenant promise made to their grandfather, Abraham, would be realized. Ultimately, the Messiah would come through the holder of the birthright and bless the nations of the earth…BUT ESAU GAVE THIS UP FOR STEW!
some of those things included pink peonies,
This was in the swim section, but I could for sure see folks wearing this out and about. Very cute dress and it looks like the stripes could even work on the pear shaped amongst us. :)
After a month without coloring, I was ecstatic to return to my beloved Copics over the weekend! (So rusty!) This card is for the dear owner and super sweet employees at my local cupcake bakery, which I regularly support. They are so kind, overly generous to me and my sweetheart, and recently celebrated their 1st Anniversary! It's been a fun year of fancy cupcakes. :o)
And then spring arrives on the 20th!!! Yahhhhh!!!!
Well, in case you missed me shouting from the off ramp of our airplane or from the open window of our car as we drove home from the airport nearly 7 weeks ago, WE ARE HOME WITH RUBY!!!
I was at a bar that night with my friend R and some of his friends. He was helping me scout the area for cute guys while I was pointing out all the hot girls there to him. It's a little game we play...after we point someone out, we rate them a 'Yes', 'No' or 'Maybe'. If he/she is a 'Maybe', then we spend a few more minutes observing the person until they fall into the 'Yes' or 'No' category. After that, we try talk each other into walking up to the 'Yes' people to say 'hi'. It's a silly game. He's managed to convince me to walk up to one dude so far. I've not been successful with him.
To finish the night, our volunteers enjoyed a delicious ‘Superhero’ cake, fruit and refreshments.
The HSE on their web site make the following statement: There is no mandatory list of contents for first-aid boxes and HSE does not approve or endorse particular products. Deciding what to include should be based on an employer’s assessment of first-aid needs. As a guide, where work activities involve low hazards, a minimum stock of first-aid items might be
now earlier on in the night, I was sitting down on my netbook in the Tv room and I got asked about the very same thing. In sheffield, the majority of people couldnt even locate Nigeria on a map. It does however seem that there is a big Nigerian migration to aberdeen so now I get that I will have to deal with the Nigerian stereotypes being thrown at me. But that’s why you always pack red papers with you whereever you go baby.
3. What was the last thing you purchased that you realized was a mistake after the fact?
There have been many attempts to classify the vital traits of great entrepreneurs. As an entrepreneur myself, and as someone who met many successful other entrepreneurs through Young Presidents Organization (YPO) I have been reflecting about some of the common traits I observed among great entrepreneurs. So, for what it’s worth, here is my list:
I have written about my daughter before (and here). This morning I turned on our home computer to listen to music and found her homework on the screen. What I read made me sob with pride. With her permission, I am sharing it here.
2) Add a link to your blog post- not to the blog itself, but to the individual posts! You can post more than one project, just add more links! The links should look something like:
and free of any eden we can name
But then he was done, and just finishing up some loose ends, and so we chatted about my friend Jackie, and how she practices hypnotism when she goes through childbirth to help with the pain, and I wished that I knew how to do that. My doctor said, “Oh? And how well does THAT work for her?” He sounded like he thought it was a kind of silly idea, but I told him that it seemed to work really well, actually. To the point of where, with her last daughter’s birth just last week, she was apparently too relaxed for the labor to even get to a helpful level. He actually thought that was cool, and then we chatted a bit more about things I should watch for after I went home, and then he left me to get dressed.
Other ways this attribute translates to the writing industry is to always back up your work in case your computer crashes and always have a pen and paper with you, although I've been told that eyeliner and a receipt work just fine (Thanks E.D.!) because you can not recreate that much work from memory.
1 gallon compost pail with filters
I ordered the Blu-ray of Benji (1974) to watch with my four-year-old. I’d seen it, somewhat reluctantly, when it was new, and figured Sadie was about the right age to see it now. The disc arrived last night.
So, the card's I pulled out were
Walking out, our spirits filled, we stand outside the oncology department as we wait for the elevator to the parking deck.
The Daniel Craig films have not availed themselves of a Q character yet, which I hope is forthcoming, even if I also hope that the gadgets don't get too outlandish (the invisible car in Die Another Day was too hard to believe). Maybe in Skyfall; I don't know yet.
The next thing is head hunger. I've been struggling with this for the past 4 months. It's one of the big reasons I implemented my points system to get me back on track. When I am feeling hungry, I want sugary or starchy snacks. Up until last week, I had been reaching for less nutritious snacks even if I had a cheese stick or yogurt packed and in my lunch bag. I would walk into Rob's office and reach into her goodie basket for something sweet. Chocolate was always the first choice, but even things like laffy taffy or nerds candy would do in a pinch...which I DONT LIKE!!
Perhaps the two issues relate to one another.
I don't like spending a lot. I don't mind spending a bit, for instance my welder goggles for Dr. Horrible weren't inexpensive. But I don't think would makes the costume special is the cost. It's the thought of the costume, which may translate into cost or time, but it's nicer if it doesn't. My costume cost 3 dollars this year.
“I hear you have some income now from the von Baren’s.” I probed cautiously.
How good are Tim Marquitz' Demon Squad novels? They're good. Good to the point that I was excited enough when At the Gates arrived here at Battle Hymns HQ to give it the rarely seen "double bump". What the fuck is a "double bump" you might ask? Well, a double bump is when I get a book, bump it to the top of my to-read pile, then when I'm done reading it, bump it to the top of my review queue. See? Pretty special.
Andy Cutting told a story during his gig at The Slaughtered Lamb in Clerkenwell on Monday, about his inability to read music. It was something along the lines of how he couldn't do musical notation so he can't write his tunes down and because he can't sing (he claims) it's no good trying to record them on a dictaphone either, as they all come out sounding the same: as a kind of droning noise.
I wanted to post about a really cool idea that I have only seen one time at one wedding. If you or someone you know is getting married in the coming months, you may want to consider incorporating this letter writing twist to your festivities.
Holland, 1945--Neutral Milk Hotel
I think that if the fabric is dripping wet and the bleach solution weak then it runs more and you get a more blended, patchy effect, which is more subtle. Dryer fabric and neat bleach gives bolder shapes with sharper outlines. With this in mind I think next time I'll use a weak solution to make the colour patchy as a background, and then rinse, let it all dry completely, and use neat bleach to make more precise patterns over that.
In a bowl, put the sifted icing sugar, add 1 Tbsp of water and a little food colouring and mix well adding more water and colouring as needed. Only ever add the colouring a little at a time. You need this to be just pouring consistency.
We have 2 choices: to fight or to leave.
canola cooking spray
Thank God I learned to give my kid a 8pm bedtime because these are the times I look forward to reenergizing my fuel to fight another day at being a good parent.
Rob and Morgz raced each other for second place, with Rob taking the honour just three seconds in front of Morgz."I was closing Rob down" said Morgz "and a few more metres maybe would have been enough".
I love the autobahn, but I drive a small, flimsy little shoebox of a car that was designed for short trips to the grocery store and nothing else. A simple trip down to the next exit on the autobahn in my tiny car is thereby transformed into a white-knuckled game of automotive Russian Roulette.
To God be the glory in The church and in Christ Jesus, forever and ever! Amen!
Lynda
Gladys: So I take it by my lingo you can’t tell I haven’t been to a night club in a while. Do they still do the Hustle?
Interestingly, what our son, told and taught me as to “What we should be thankful for?” is very scriptural and Biblical. The Bible tells us we must give thanks at the remembrance of God’s holiness (Psalm 30:4). In other words, a remembrance of God’s holiness and purity, brings to mind our own unholiness and impurity (sinfulness) and highlights that our souls were on its way to the grave, because the sting of sin is death (1 Corinthians 15:56), but God has kept us alive, so that we should not go down to the pit (Psalm 30:3) and given us victory through the death and resurrection of his Son, Jesus Christ (1 Corinthians 15:57)
In the same thread, Sun used the term “瘪三” to describe Singapore uncles, which is a derogatory word typically used in Shanghai to describe the underclass bums in the society. It means a person who is a tramp, bum, good-for-nothing fella, beggar, drifter, loafer, outcast, vagrant, destitute and worthless person.
Prost, Mutti!
Creating the snowflake wreath: Stamp the largest snowflake four times. Top, bottom, left/right side in the lighest blue ink. Take the medium size snowflake and stamp in the middle spaces of the large snowflakes using the medium ink. Small snowflake stamp in the spaces between the medium and large snowflakes in the darkest blue. Stamp the small snowflake on space white paper and cut out and pop on all the small snowflakes on the wreath. Add glitter/gems for a bling winter look.
Orkney Skull Splitter – Wee Heavy
And there's a few features of these papers that I want to mention. Half of them have glitter on them. Now for all of you glitter people, don't get mad, but I'm not really into glitter, but when I put the gel or matte medium over the top of them, the glitter became less glittery and more textural (is that a word?)--I really like that. And also, these papers are heavy cardstock, and they were hard to adhere with regular gel medium, so I got out my heavy gel medium and it worked like a charm!
the other pieces
While Occupy and labor unions protested against income and wealth inequities engineered by governments across the globe, CEO’s in the United States received 15% pay increases for pushing down wages and benefits, shipping jobs overseas, tanking the economy, and generally mismanaging their corporations.
Alright, here's the buns...Toffee Milk Cheese Buns. The toffee has been sitting in my fridge since my last baked of my Banoffee Tarts. There are still some more there, so I'm planning to make something else with it.
While this is an extreme example I do believe no matter what the threat in life, we all have the capacity to overcome. You take the blows, you adjust to new circumstances and you keep fighting for the good with all your mind, body, and spirit. You just do! You reach deep to everything you ever learned about things, people, and yourself and you use your strength to survive. There is no other option! In the Christian life, our preparation is a steady diet of the Word of God and prayer. Without those two things, it is very difficult to manage through life’s challenges in a manner worthy of our calling. Without a good foundation we could easily rationalize sinful reactions and action in our life and excuse our own behavior thus bringing shame and dishonor to the God we represent. A good foundation is very important.
(my new favorite phrase)
In the last few months the rents have dived because several occupants have returned home to the Jaffna Peninsula or the eastern districts. This internal adjustment in migration should be linked to an assertion by Gunaratna and Rajapakse to the effect that “70 per cent of the Tamils granted asylum in Australia and Canada” had indulged in return visits to Sri Lanka.” It would be simple for the Australian government to check this claim.
IX. Reflections on Property, Taxes, and the Constitution (contemplated)
I use this poem as a springboard for talking about Gypsies in Spain and the region of Andalucía. We read a Scholastic magazine article called “Boda Gitana” and answer comprehenstion questions similar to what my students would see on the IB exam. Scholastic has another article called “Los nuevos gitanos.” I could also use the poem to talk about the Spanish Civil War, as García Lorca was one of the first casualties. Flamenco could be a topic, as well. We listen to some music from the Gypsy Kings for ambiance.
“We played some good, attritional cricket; we were very patient and we got our rewards at the end of the day.”
Is it because we're empty nesters? . . . yeah partially . . .
Jumpin’ off the roof, they land on their toes
It is a cursed word I believe
Every evening after work I get off the Bay Area Rapid Transit system near my home in Oakland.
Footprints, bare footprints in the sand,
Wishes for you... happiness. That's what I want for my little boy :) I love this picture of him cuddled up in my arms and his hands in his mouth (a constant these days)
So this year will be full of good things
Oh, we’re back to identifying darkeyes, lighteyes. Also, I don’t care.
Visit the library and check out their selection of travel guides. I've found recent copies of Frommers or Fodors travel guides for our vacation cities; your library may also have eBooks available.
In a moment of desperation, he decides to do the unthinkable. But when he loses control of his SUV and careens down the side of a mountain, his plans take another turn.
With luck, a bit of creative rigging, and courage in the face of potential public wacktitude, I hope to have a most amusing "Halloween, Part 2" post to share with you early next week.
A medical professional takes a swab of the affected area to make a diagnosis. Depending upon the severity of the condition, treatment options may consist of over-the-counter remedies, antibiotics or tonsillectomy (removal of the infected tonsils).
Perfect opportunity to play good child and reply:
Redhook Ale Brewery Copperhook Spring Ale
Hélène and Peter will be donating all tips to the WCC. Le Chateau will donate one-third of all drink proceeds. And we'll also hold a raffle with wonderful WCC items and more!
I then log on to the internet which was developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Administration and post on freerepublic.com and Fox News forums about how SOCIALISM in medicine is BAD because the government can't do anything right.
Portia showed up at Bill’s house and immediately tried to kiss him. Still fixated on the fact that they share a bloodline (I can’t say I blame him), he turned her down. She started spouting off facts about incest laws and saying that there are people with a closer relation in Bon Temps who are married. I gotta say, I don’t think justifying incest with more incest makes it OK, but maybe I’m old fashioned. Since she was showing no signs of giving up, Bill decided to glamour her into being completely terrified of him. I hope this marks the end of her character, but it seems too easy. Isn’t she still his lawyer? How can she work for him if she’s too scared to be around him? That should be interesting.
Right outside of Atlanta you will find a cute little town by the name of Smyrna. Drove twenty minutes to get there today for a little crawfish boil that Atkins Park hosts each year.
That particular week between Christmas and New Years was a rough one. Since then, each year, the week between has lost a bit of its special qualities. They were just not the same for me. I would find myself feeling down, getting into a funk.
Mulder grabbed her arm and said, "I'm afraid not. That's no UFO."
Ann reached for Chris’s hand, and he reached back. Their hands clicked together like puzzle pieces. Donna watched as Chris and Ann walked into another room. She saw no light, but she saw a door close. That was the last she would never see of her husband.
I had the pleasure, last Saturday (14th April) of not just meeting Kate Davies but of also learning a cool new technique – the Steek Sandwich (or as us Irish are calling it “The Schteak Sangidge”). If a person can be described as a gem from the web I’d have to use the term for Kate. If you haven’t come across her blog or her patterns before now please click on the previous links. I’ll wait here until you come back, honest!
PA: Yes.
I rise.
BLING-abilities:
‘I utterly condemn the kidnapping and killing of Mr Dale, and send my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones as they come to terms with their tragic and distressing loss.’
Unschooling Sex, Drugs & Rock n' Roll
Example: "I adore the Vampire Armand from Anne Rice Vampire Chronicles #vampartnow"
The race seems to have narrowed to a contest between Mr Aboul Fotouh, Mr Mursi, and the former head of the Arab League, Amr Moussa.
The Course of the Battle
I didn't get to finish the January photo a day challenge... I mean i may have failed the challenge.. The end of January really did get a little crazy...
However, and as an Office fan it pains me to say this, perhaps The Office should have ended when the main character left. All of the actors are brilliant and it’s still a wonderful show, but perhaps it should have quit while it was ahead.
There at the end,
I give you hope.
I am straying away from all the home and design talk and asking my readers to help me...
There are two stages. The one is causing in what the toxic people’s jargon is called “plugs”. And they have the audacity to say things like “what I am doing now is not really dangerous” in an effort to put the targeted person off guard. This idea may or may not be conscious and may be something the person would dismiss. In the first instance it indicates that there is no danger. However note also that such a statement is general so it can be used as a suggestive idea. This is most often mistaken by an unsuspecting person as firstly their own idea and not a presentation and secondly to have meaning with respect to something that the person is doing. And here again I want to emphasise that the toxic mob does not divine anything out of the blue. They have more than reliable information, they have definite information because it is always “an inside job”. Someone close to the victim has reason for doing the harm. A stroke, even more than a heart problem, amounts to a most brutal means of gaining power and influence over another person.
My Mom and stepdad arrived a day before the memorial and stayed over with my son and I. It was the first time I’d seen them since Rob had died. I was happy to have them as my Mom really is my best friend and my stepdad had always treated me as his own daughter. It was comforting having them with me and we talked very comfortably about what had taken place.
And I think a lot of us are tempted to despair.
if they could speak
Sometimes we make things so difficult on ourselves by not trusting – at all or fully – God’s complete sovereignty. He’s given us the words in Matthew 11:28 to embrace “Come to Me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.”
The police investigates a new lead that places Madeleine McCann in Nerja
With hope in your heart
Myung-ja (Yun Yeo-jong), a schoolgirl traumatized by the loss of her “father”, is coerced by her mother into working as a barmaid in order to help put her older brother through college. The inexperienced girl falls into the hands of the shrewd proprieter and madam (Park Jeong-ja). At the club, Myung-ja is introduced to Mr. Kim ( Nam Gung-won), a customer suffering from impotency and henpecked by a domineering wife. When the middle-aged man consents to make the teenager his mistress, a vicious and often bitingly humorous battles ensues between the two women. Not since the Japanese Angel Guts series have I seen a film as audacious, inventive and perverse as this one, with its frank portrayal of the cannibalistic relations between the sexes. Perhaps the film’s most famous image is that of the sex scene on a glass floor covered with colored candies. Yoon is wonderful as the feisty Myung-ja, as is Nam Gung-won as the fumbling Mr. Kim.
2/3 cups whole wheat pastry flour
We’re continuing our celebration of my book release next week with Chapter 2 of our story (it’s lengthier than Chapter 1, to warn you, but it’s definitely setting/character development stuff). We left off yesterday with Chapter 1, where Sheffield Donovan, owner and ringmaster, has just informed Lucy (our protagonist) she can rejoin his group of Gifted circus members. Now it’s time to meet her roommate and see the circus grounds for herself:
The thing is that my mom is one of the most capable people I know. She has more energy than the rest of us combined and is always doing something. She's intelligent. Independent. Competent.
Leaf removal is the next task. I had all of the leaves collected out of my yard a week ago, only to see a lot of my neighbors leaves come to visit my yard, with the help of the wind we have had. The point I am trying to make is that leaf removal is an ongoing task. Composted or mulched leaves are great as flower bed coverings for winter and a wonderful addition to your compost piles. So recycle your leaf collections and put them to good work in the garden!
Paroc applied to the General Court to annul the second OHIM Board of Appeal decision and remit the case to OHIM for registration of its mark.
Now I’m a card carrying Republican.
The mass rally follows one crushed by police last July, when 1,600 people were arrested, and marks a major test for Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of widely expected elections.
In what was an appalling piece of gutter journalism a disabled person who'd been assualted not once but twice by the police was called upon to defend himself from accusations by a presenter who has obviously confused his role as a journalist with that of London metropolitan Police's defence lawyer. It is a disgraceful piece of biased reporting that was handled skillfully by McIntyre who calmly and rationally argued the obvious that a person in a wheelchair who needs assistance to move around does not constitute a threat to hundreds of police officers dressed in riot gear.
Where there's an argument about one of these objects:
“Fairy Tail” is the perfect manga for people of all ages – it mixes action, adventure, comedy, and fantasy in a way that keeps you either laughing the characters antics or growling at them for being so darn stupid. It actually happens to be one of my favorite mangas (and now has to be crossed off my ‘M’ Stands for Manga list). The plot follows celestial wizard Lucy who wants to join the Fairy Tail, a guild for the most powerful wizards. But instead, her ambitions land her in the clutches of a gang of unsavory pirates led by a devious magician. Her only hope is Natsu, a strange boy she happens to meet on her travels. Natsu’s not your typical hero – but he just might be Lucy’s best hope. (Taken/paraphrased from Mangafox.com)
The Mexican drug cartels focus on recruiting youngsters from eight to 17. The younger they are, the easier they are to control. They will do whatever they’re told, no matter how vile. An eight- year-old was recently arrested (after carrying out four contract murders) on his way to commit a fifth. Another boy, 14, told of cutting up corpses and burning the pieces in an old oil drum. That was his only job, day in, day out. He stayed numb on alcohol and drugs to cope.
The energy matrix that surrounds all life is responsive and you can and do influence that energy field. Just imagine for a moment and acknowledge yourself as an emissary of LOVE. We invite you to find more and more ways in which you can offer a high frequency of heart love to all. Pretend if you have to, imagine, see or sense your vibrations touching all those you encounter each day. Begin to recognize and own that you are energetically entangled with the collective field; own that you truly influence, impact and inform this field with your thoughts, emotions and frequencies.
A young punjaban wanted Hasi for her lover
Maybe someday I'll swap the wood top for a beautiful piece of carrera marble.
The past week and a half we all have been fighting a pretty nasty bug. It’s the ugly cough with your sinuses full of gunk kind of sickness. It is weird because we all started feeling sick while Spencer and I were in Hawaii and Preston was in Utah so we think we must have gotten it before we left. Good news is that we are on the mend. I thought I was getting a sinus infection so I called my Midwife and she suggested a neti pot. If you’ve never heard of that you should google it. Or maybe don't. But, I have to say it helped!
175g butter
"Johann Hari Hates Big Macs But Tells Whoppers". In itself a trivial lie to sex up an anti-capitalist piece. These kind of lies are the reason why Polly Toynbee and Laurie Penny et al are so keen to excuse him. Shame on them."
“But whatever ­preconceptions we had went out of the window as soon as we met her.
“Keep still, my lady.”
The article highlights the importance of mental preparation for the swimming portion of the triathlon. Relaxation techniques and suggestions for keeping themselves focused are presented. It also emphasizes the importance of allocating adequate training time to achieve the necessary confidence for the competition.
Even though the plot is fairly predictable and the writing is that of the average “page turner,” it does deal with some very important themes. The author confronts issues of friendship, forgiveness, temptation, pain, betrayal, doubt, rejection, and grief. And while “most” of the relational issues experienced end “happily ever after,” that could not be said for all of them. One of the things I did appreciate is that even though many of the dysfunctions conclude redemptively, the author walks the reader through a lot of the “pain in the process.”
The dictionary definition of Casual is “Occurring by Chance” how do I associate with this? I am a motorcycle enthusiast by chance.
Pink Fairies: Between The Lines
7. 1 sheet of oxford blue fashion fabric stickers
would you have a clue to what life is about, or would life be merely a thought that is conjured by the idle mind.??
Popps loves this app and it could be one of my most favourite ones ever for purpose and entertainment. I also showed it to her Prep teacher who was mighty impressed, in fact she is getting ipads for their class room and wanted to know if this app could be used on iPads too - which it is, but only the phone version not a special ipad version.
Earlier in the month I posted the album The Moods by Edward Artemiev at M=R. After that I got to wondering what, if any, other albums were put out by Artemiev in the eighties. That's when I discovered Warmth of Earth. I was completely blown away by this album. It was not what I was expecting at all after listening to The Moods, which apparently features the same group of musicians, Boomerang Ensemble. In fact I'm not sure if I have ever heard anything quite like it. Artemiev brings his avantgarde sensibilities into the world of progressive rock with electronic and occassional pop dance flourishes, but it is performed with such passion that it elevates it above anything else I've heard from the same era that could bear those labels. Maybe it's the Russian synthesizers that makes it sound so unique to me. The back of the albums states that this is a vocal and instrumental suite to the lyrics by Yuri Rytkheu. The songs with vocals are performed by Jeanne Rohzdestvenskaya who in my opinion gives those tracks the extra charge that makes them so memorable, despite the fact that I don't speak Russian. It sounds best with headphones on, so you can catch every nuance of the production. It is clear that a lot of thought went in to this recording. Sometimes the symphonic arrangements are so layered that you'll want to listen to it over and over to absorb it. It is a product that is at once very contemporary for its era, but also totally timeless.
Think about your organization, in total, as a leadership organization, where you invite participatory involvement in decision-making; where people at every level, from the sides and the bottom, have a voice and a view, and are permitted and encouraged to provide feedback. If you delegate more, if there is more distributed decision-making, then you see an organization that is a ‘leader organization.’
“What?” I asked
*You might want to look out for other good budget smartphones like the HTC One V, Samsung Galaxy W, Sony Xperia U or Apple iPhone 3GS.
Critics have blasted English-language-requirements as a violation of free speech and discrimination against newcomers.
I spent $120 to reupholster two chairs, TIP INCLUDED! ;) This was a great deal considering it would cost me around $500 to reupholster the wingback in town.
Created by artist, curator, and legendary CalArts professor Karen Atkinson, Getting Your Sh*t Together (GYST) is the often-imitated workshop for emerging artists and artists who’ve been “emerging” longer than they expected. Over 400 artists have graduated from GYST since 2002 and their continued success and contributions to the art world are what gives GYST such a great reputation.
What: Fourth of July celebration with barbecue, beer, live music and a great view of the Centennial Olympic Park firework celebration
It was an ultra-simple solution to a clutter problem we were having. Any of you ever read Fly Lady? I love her site. I am a bit of an organization/neat freak, and her site is full of great (and easy) organizing tips. But I digress. On to the art center.
Far more humbling and sobering for
I love a man who lives to make his art. The only way he can live in this world is by writing songs I know like my eyelids on a summer's day, songs into which he pours all the beauty he can find. He is possessed by creation and newness. I am not like him. I am possessed by the world, by what is here, and what is gone. I write these words to find the girl and her little brother with their mother's green eyes, and their little brother with their father's blue eyes. One day, I will not be vague, I will not hide from my sadness (I cannot control it, my 2nd greatest wish is to cry). I might even do what I told you I would do.
With millenialist fervour, the New Left undertook a nationalist project of creating a “distinctly Canadian” identity. It was an identity of Big Ideas, most of which were imported into Canada from the US via the counter-culture movement: Peace and Love, socialism, multiculturalism, and the desire for “independence” from Britain and our very own version of the Bill of Rights. Official bilingualism was perhaps the only made-in-Canada aspect of it.
I hope that it is not too much to demand.
Now in brotherly love and affection I would give a few hints to my younger fellow-believers as to the way in which to keep up spiritual enjoyment. It is absolutely needful in order that happiness in the Lord may continue, that the Scriptures be regularly read. These are God’s appointed means for the nourishment of the inner man. . . .Consider it, and ponder over it. . .
‘As Minister I pledge that from this hour,
But the Tory leader was slammed by ­religious leaders for “vilifying” Muslims and boosting support for the far-right English Defence League who saw ­thousands of supporters gather for a hate-filled rally yesterday in Luton, Beds.
On the old television show ‘Lassie’, the hero dog would run to his master and bark. Eventually, in a strange ritualistic exchange, Timmy, Lassie’s owner would deduce the problem and the problem would be solved.
The hubs put this cute little fence up around my garden a couple of weeks ago. This was supposed to be a project for next year, but a certain ball of fluff decided he wanted to eat the broccoli that I had planted in the garden...5 minutes after I had planted it!!
Christianity gave Eros poison to drink—but he didn’t die from that. He degenerated into a vice.
Things, her love our own showing
Today, Mozilla released a new major version, 12.0, of its Firefox browser for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X. The new version includes some feature improvements and streamlining; it also fixes 14 identified security vulnerabilities, 7 of which Mozilla rates as Critical. More information about the changes in this version is available inn the Release Notes.
I turned to the pantry and, my back to her, was nearly overwhelmed by tears.
She nodded. “Don’t talk to strangers. Don’t tell anyone where I’m from. If I have to talk to someone only let them know my first name. And keep in sight of you.”
And what’s with Suruj Rambachan constantly referring to her as a “true daughter” of Indian soil?
It's only a hiatus...and one that will certainly recharge the batteries!
JVC HANC250 High Grade Noise Cancelling Headphones
that I incorporated in my design. Hope you like it.
Iván Meade – What has been your favourite tartan find?
I have been brewing for about ten years and have had to work very hard to make good beer. My early batches were—not to put too fine a point on it—horrible. Several of them were literally fed to the pigs. I had to study and practice, finding out what I was doing wrong, correcting it, trying again, failing, correcting, trying again.
is so very perfectly still,
One of the most active teams so far this off season has been the Miami Marlins. In anticipation of bringing in more fans to games, the Marlins have been aggressively pursuing some of the game’s top free agents. They have had talks with agents for King Albert, CJ Wilson, Mark Buehrle, and that bum Jose Reyes. The Marlins’ closer of much of the 2011 season, Leo Nun- WAIT! THIS JUST IN! The reliever formerly known as Leo Nunez, now by his “real” name, Juan Carlos Oviedo, will not be coming back to Miami for the 2012 season as the Marlins and Padres All-Star closer Heath Bell have reportedly reached a three year $27,000,000 agreement. This move, provided it goes through, will put the Miami Marlins in a position to contend for a playoff spot. In order for them to be a winning, competitive ballclub, they would still need to make one more signing.
Catch CHIODOS on the road in the following cities:
A moment of life springs forth...an elderly couple sits in the park talking.
You can’t demand respect for gay people, while using gay slurs to categorize those that you don”t like.
Supersonic Electronic’s good friend SUPER has offered up some more goodies to give away to …
Peace and Love Ya'll!
How can we do this? If you are reading a story where a character is happy, ask your student to remember a time they felt excited about ___. (Having a party? Starting a new school? Getting a new pet?) If you are starting a science experiment, find a relation to a previously studied concept. If you will be gathering sticks to look at the layers, ask your students to recall or write about the way you once ___. (Gathered leaves? Looked at the layers of dirt?)
4.Why can't we be friends
Cam and his buddies from school. They have to be buddies because in a class of 15 they are the only 3 boys.
2 oz cream cheese, softened
To change who I used to be
It's odd how often LIMettes seem to second guess us and submit a card which would also fit into the following week's challenge, we think some of you must be mind-readers.
By praying that prayer, and meaning it, God promises us the free gift of eternal life. It requires nothing else, just trusting in Christ and his sacrifice. Accept Christ’s promise of eternal life in heaven with him, and the promise of a life of peace and hope while here on the earth.
THE STORYTELLERS' COLLECTION-Tales of Faraway Places (Multnomah 2000)
I remember the days when Mayank would come in front of my house always wearing clean jeans, T-shirt, sporty shoes, a cream coloured jacket, a handkerchief tied on his forehead with helmet above it and few books in his small twisted bag making him resemble the secret agents in English movies. He had a CD 100 Bike that perfectly adjusts him for short tours. His pouch inside the bag has everything from comb, nail cutter, blades to multi coloured pens. He was a movie database that has the latest updates on actors, actresses, directors and their latest ventures. He could speak non-stop for a day without letting us feel bored.
Looking at my list of books read in 2011, I can see plainly that my taste veers way too much toward the emotionally draining side of the spectrum. Even my movie tastes are heavy going - Don and I saw The Descendents today and were not feeling the love. I may have to make a New Year's Resolution - something I don't even believe in - to read some light, uplifting books for a while. I finished Absolution for Library Journal, an outstanding, but angst filled debut whose review I'll finish up this week.
So, yeah, it’s been quite an eye opening experience to train my colleague. And that has occupied my mind for most part of April (as well as one other thing, but I’ll tell you about it later) so I haven’t had any time to write, or even plan. I’ve been so exhausted every evening when I’ve come home that I’ve almost gone to bed immediately. Hopefully, the next weeks are going to be a bit less occupied. I’m still only employed 32 hours per week (yep, overtime -big time- the two last weeks) and I’m hoping they wont increase them.
New York Sen. Kristen Gillibrand is up for re-election. One of the main issues she has been campaigning on is equal pay for women. She believes that women receiving equal pay to men for the same work would not only benefit the American family, but the American economy. Her theory is that having the extra money equal pay would provide would help families support themselves and encourage them to spend more, therefore benefiting the whole county. She admits that this is not easy task. Legislation must be in place for women to have legal remedies when they are not getting equal pay. Beyond that though, women need to recognize their value in the work place and negotiate salaries for themselves as men do.
Little did I know that when I went up the Space Needle on Monday, I’d missed its 50th birthday, by 2 days, had actually happened on the Saturday. And just to prove the visit
We then headed out for dessert at a self-serve fro yo place…Huddles. Now, I love fro yo and I think that the self-serve is fun…but it’s almost too overwhelming for me.
Little Man stops and turns towards us. Looks down at the balloon dog. “Cool,” he says, then he turns round quick. Starts walking away before we get there.
After our jaunt to the Caribbean we returned to our lovely hosts and after a little chilling out, I (we) decided on our next outing. Himself was not giving a lot of input at all, just going where he was taken, a bit like a puppy I suppose.
As you can see my reach is much more broad posting on my blog than on other social media sites. Yet each day a lot of people post professional content over (and over) on Facebook but they don't blog. Imagine if I only posted on Facebook and didn't blog. My audience would be less than 800 people each day and that's counting friends sharing some of my posts for me.
Casey gave him this piece of advice: “Don’t quit a good bronc until you taste your own blood.”
That lead to another discussion of all the possibilities of what can be done with Tebow tears.
I wondered how the readers of AT would respond to this kind of article, in light of the brouhaha of the last couple of weeks over the Martin-Zimmerman case. As it turns out, I see much more push-back than I've yet seen on that site, and it seems as though the worm is turning. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction, and the coalition of 'victims' and their sympathizers (liberal prigs and 'colorblind conservatives') have greatly overplayed their hand, methinks.
You are an eye-blinding entity compared to michael
Eloise looked a little embarrassed, but recovered quickly by raising her glass and toasted. To an old womans silliness! They clinked.
During the month of April, we started working on some Earth Day projects, and we only just finished them, so I thought I would take the time to share a little bit about them with you today. By far, the most fun project for the children was our Earth Day Cars! The BOYS were absolutely thrilled with the idea of building their own car out of recycled materials, and were practically giddy with delight when I suggested that they might enjoy painting some lightning bolts on the sides of their cars, or some tiger stripes or leopard spots! The girls were happy about the project too, but not as excited as the boys, of course!
If you are not using NoodleTools and will be creating a Works Cited list on your own, the following website could be useful to you:
Tackling these piles can quickly get overwhelming, since it seems never ending. And if they don't get dealt with, the piles can create mass chaos.... I know, I have been there!
Freeze the filled and cut baguettes immediately (before rising) directly on the parchment-lined sheet tray for about 30 minutes. Once frozen, remove from tray and place in freezer-quality zipper storage bags. When ready to bake, remove as many baguettes as you'd like and place onto a parchment covered sheet tray. Allow the baguettes to fully defrost in the fridge overnight, then bring to room temperature, so that the baguettes rise to double their size. Bake as directed above.
When he realised she was soon going to float beyond his sight, he leaped at last, only back up, not towards freedom.
Juice of one orange
So strength first made a way;
Everything I felt in that moment is a whole 'nother post.
Rode
The Strokes
“President Obama has an opportunity to make the case, but it’s not a done deal,” he said.
I gotta tell you…using a chisel is way fun. :) It makes me feel all woodsmith-y. I like it. And it’s fun to see the instant gratification with each tap of the hammer.
I must say the "Beer Guy" said we should get a driver or a cab, but at the end I thought he was full of crap. We drove to the Draught Horse instead. He also said it was ok to pour out the beer you didn't like. I loved 'em all and I'm sure you I don't have to tell you I did not pour out any beer. I was shocked to find out other people did. What's wrong with these people?
*Organic Jonagold and Braeburn apples are also on sale for .99/lb. at Newflower
Poor intake of B vitamins is most often a problem in strict vegetarians and the elderly. People who frequently fast or diet may also benefit from B vitamin supplements. Vegans need to use brewer’s yeast or other sources of supplemental cobalamin, since the only natural sources are meats.
I love the pop of colour it adds to our bathroom; it makes me smile everytime I walk into the room. And the price just makes it that much sweeter!
Ultimately, the stereotypical trap that AVATAR not only doesn’t fall into but outright rejects is the “vanishing Indian” myth. In the typical “white man makes a better Indian than the Indians do” story, whatever victory is accomplished by the white man’s cultural shift is soaked in sorrow because we know how it all ends – it’s a victory in battle but not in war.
Then the mango… I like to call it the massacred mango. I’ve only once before cut up a mango, and I guess I forgot how. Not that I did that great of a job the first time. I did, however, figure it out half way through when I realized how flat the pit was and in which direction it sits inside the fruit. I wish I would have gotten pictures of the sad state I put my fruits in. It was pitiful. Poor things.
IFHY.
Now I know that my English-major self is clearly biased and possibly over-reacting. Regardless, I know that it is so important that our students — who will grow into adults faster than we can think — read and write competently for schooling purposes and for being good at life. It would be wonderful if the comments people share were more often examples of thoughtful, constructive criticism and praise grounded in the text. I don’t think that’s asking too much. It’s the least I am asking of my students.
All totaled, my eight legacy pubbed ebooks have sold a little over 100,000 copies on Kindle.
Our baby cardinals are five days old. They will be ready to fly in six or seven days! They briefly woke when I gently moved the branches back and snapped two photos with my compact camera. Amazing how wild babies are so aware of their surroundings and how quickly they grow! I hope to take at least one more photo before they leave the nest.
The boom in coastal development over the past 20 years has occurred in a time of low storm activity. Max Mayfield, a hurricane specialist at the National Hurricane Center in Coral Gables, Fla., said only about half as many major hurricanes have struck the United States mainland since 1970 as in the 30 years previous.
For the sake of simplicity, I have decided to use this same layout sketch for both albums. Only 29 more layouts to go!
*2" of ribbon
So perhaps I should have prepared #6 Deviled Rock Lobster Tails instead? Or at the very least nuked a box of Super Pretzels.
Isagani
I don't think I've spotted a single thing for sale that you can't buy in one of the normal shops in the High Street. I mean, one 'ol fella has lumped a few ton of 'pick n mix' over (that classic Bavarian delicacy!)... yeah, thanks for that mate, we've only ever dreamed of jelly strawberries and gobstoppers in Southend! I swear it's the same 'pick n mix' that you get in the cinema! And of course, this poor chump has paid to have it all carted over, and is no doubt having to pay for digs every night for a month to boot... and if he's sold more than a quids worth I'll be shocked!
Congratulations Tina on your new home!!
B: What were the challenges you faced when designing the stories for this upcoming series, and what surprises are in store for the Twelfth Doctor and Eve Miller?
we are the clay and you the potter:
As citizens, a group of villagers who are concerned about potential risks with nuclear power surely deserve at least the same, if not more, courtesy as foreign providers of nuclear power plants whose demands appear to be attended to with alacrity.
Women's 400 - Sanya Richards, 49.47 once again dominated the field which this time included defending World 200 champion Allyson Felix (US).
Now Mrs. Avery must’ve thought that she’d spun the Wheel of Fortune and won, and she let everybody know it by the clothes she wore. There was no doubt that she was pretty. At least I thought so. And admired ‘cause she was the town’s emergency operator and admired ‘cause everybody knew it. We was in the hands of this five-foot-three redheaded pistol whenever some crazy yahoo cut loose, and she had the calm finesse generally needed to keep the situation from gitting out of control before the police or fire department could git to the scene. It didn’t matter whether it was respondin’ to heart attacks, car crashes, stabbin’s, robberies, or little Tommy Turner fallin’ out of a tree. She had a knack for it and could almost anticipate somethin’ before it happened, which was a blessing for all of us, and to Lucky, (he was prejudice, of course) she was the best mom in the world, except when she was drunk. For her heart was as big as herself, so it was, yes, and bigger. And the best mom ever. While she served everybody regardless who they was, and that included the niggers who lived ‘cross the river in Sowers.
"Citizen X has probably had a tendency towards isolation since childhood. His internal world, filled with fantasy, is closed to those around him ... the adolescence of such a person is as a rule painful, because he is often subjected to the laughter of his peers ..."
Vee desperately wishes she could share her secret, but who would believe her? It sounds so crazy that she can’t bring herself to tell her best friend, Rollins, let alone the police. Even if she could confide in Rollins, he has been acting off lately, more distant, especially now that she’s been spending more time with Zane.
It is also worth noting that despite all this talk of the Coalition of Resistance on the Internet, I did not see any sign of them existing on this demonstration, which would have been the experience of many others, if they were actually there at all, or does this 'coalition only exist on the Internet? That has been my sole experience with it.
Green River
I never thought love would find me, but it wasn’t for lack of trying. Men asked me out, I obliged, only later to wonder what I was doing. I was so lost in dysfunctional male relationships, I didn’t know which way was up. I had dated many men including the older father-figure man, the divorced man, the bankrupt man, the man who didn’t want children, the man who was getting a master’s degree in German and had a German temper to match his ego, the man who just wanted to be friends but never got around to telling me, the man who worshiped his car, the man who wasn’t really a man at all but a big kid trying to act macho and so on.
So, let's start with Xi Yan - sites of some of my favorite 'modern' Chinese meals ever both in 2010 and 2009. 2009 was before the blog, but the meal was so amazing I feel compelled to share it even now (as you will see, one of the dishes became the header for my blog!).
"I know every part of it. I know the spot where we're standing."
With showing every part of me
The new album “Death Dealer” will be released in Europe on April 26th, 2010 (in Germany April 23rd, 2010).
the fire of that love that I implored
A few quick observations on the other actors. Brian Keith easily parlays his gruff Uncle Bill character into a gruff Russian scientist. Martin Landau seems to have been in a "nutty guy" rut in the late Seventies/early Eighties that extended here. Karl Malden can make anything sound good - look at "The Streets Of San Francisco" - and certainly makes stubbornness an art form as someone we're not sure if we should hate or like. Henry Fonda... well... in the Seventies he was either a doctor, a fire chief, a company CEO, a general, a colonel or an admiral, so I guess we should have come to expect his placement in a movie like Meteor as our POTUS. And for as little time and development as Fonda gets, Trevor Howard probably gets even less.
When the time was up for “The Band” Scott Hall and Kevin Nash, Ric Flair and Hulk Hogan and many of the fans had yet to get their autograph or picture they each let TNA know that they were not going to leave until everyone had received what they were promised.
As I was writing this post, I kept on thinking of my mum who tirelessly used her weekends to bring me to swimming training, sport activities, shopping, piano lessons, parties (the list goes on) when I was young. Mothers are sometimes so amazing! I recon there are a lot of mothers and fathers out there who give up their weekends to give their children opportunities to learn and grow, and my mum was certainly one of them!
I think I probably will get the BLT.
Solid-State Devices and Transistors (US class 257) -- 3.1%
my beloved family.
18. “Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it’s time to pause and reflect.” -Mark Twain
Opposition to the use of force against demonstrating students in November 2011 was not only directed against police brutality, but also against the UC Davis administration’s repression of political activism on our campus. We view the use of retroactive legal actions against demonstrating students as an effort to carry out such repression of political activity while attempting to evade the public scrutiny to which the administration’s repressive measures have been subjected. Moreover, in this case these retroactive legal actions clearly target a small sub–‐group of the demonstrators involved in blockading the bank, suggesting that specific demonstrators are being targeted for selective prosecution so as to single out and intimidate the most active student protesters.
And no. I will not be posting excerpts of any of the recordings on this ‘ere blog.
Every August we hope to bring down our inventory to help create space for more wonderful kits in the fall. Right now, when you shop on our website, purchase one kit at regular price and and get your second kit (of equal or lesser value) at half price! For every kit you purchase at full price, you will get a second kit for half price. Please help us create some space in our storage to be able to bring you some more wonderful stuff!
I slammed on my brakes hard to stop in time, and a bottle of orange juice in my back seat erupted like Dante's Fucking Peak was in my car. It was all over my windshield, my window, my door, my textbooks, and ALL. OVER. ME. I was covered in orange juice. Which I don't even like, btdubs. Which was only in my car because I had been sick the week before. Which makes me want to find whoever invented orange juice and punch him in the dick for making it smell so goddamn bad.
Here we go sir…
Toyota Center
I'm afraid I'm going to have to split this card show report into three separate posts. I just don't have the time to scan all the cards and then write about them all in one sitting.
I love the color! It's about the color of dirt - but in a good way. I'm super excited! I will be swatching this one as soon as I put it on my nails. Right now I'm sporting a sparkly Zoya color. More on that tomorrow.
I cannot tell you how nice everyone was and how unassuming and engaging. Everyone kept asking me to shoot but of course I didn't, I was just there to watch. Even the Expert Shooters were incredibly nice, helpful and encouraging.
Stan also seems to have reconciled with some mafia types who he had tried to break free from in the past. It seems to be that they may have had a hand in Rosie being killed and that this was the price Stan had to pay for trying to break free. Or maybe I’ve misunderstood.
Parting Shot: Another Bag. Wellie has claimed another bag, this time my husband's laptop bag. My husband put it on the desk and within minutes, Wellie made himself at home.
Titania:
2) In a bowl, using an electric whisk, cream butter and sugar till light and fluffy. Add in salt, vanilla essence and condensed milk, whisk till incorporated.
It was amazing to see how much space birds occupied in Matisse's and Picasso's correspondence. Birds seem indeed to have been a common denominator for Matisse, Picasso, and me. Both artists always kept birds at home -- Matisse mostly exotic species, Pablo the more ordinary kind, except for the owl. In my grandmother's garden in Paris, my father's aviary had enchanted my childhood.
Because Jennifer has a fan base she's been sending a monthly newsletter to, we'll continue the monthly mailing. The newsletter will be a good mix of promotion for our books and some newsy stuff about what's going on with us personally and maybe a download or two. For instance, Jennifer loves to cook and she has a recipe for Country Cornbread Dressing -- with instructions for preparing the cornbread and the dressing both -- in the December newsletter. I prettied it up in PDF format and added it to our download library.
MODIFICATIONS I MADE WERE USING:
--and here is where I'll be mean and tell you to come back next week for the style sheet details. But I promise it'll be worth it. I just didn't want this post to run too long.
One pkg (5 yards) Rich Cream Dream String
Leave for one month before using and keep in a cool dark place. Keeps for about a year.
I'm writing this with tears in My eyes My Family and I came down here to ( London,England ) for a short vacation,unfortunately we were mugged at the park of the hotel where we stayed all cash,credit card and cell were stolen off us but luckily for us we still have our passports with us.
He is a different person from NDTV’s Vikram Chandra as I figured out after seeing this book. But his family and he himself had several Bollywood and media connections through their work. Sacred Games for me was one of the contemporary Indian crime thriller that really excited me. There are not too many books from India that can boast of such a huge canvas for a story and still keep it gripping and thrilling enough till the end.
Donating Money/Items
My favorite place became Braley Pond. Finding it was an issue. I had been there with my parents on a day trip and I remember liking the place. I drove out where I thought it was but I headed back after turning down a couple of gravel roads in a vain search. I couldn’t imagine it being so far away. It hadn’t seemed so remote the first time. After more attempts than I am proud of, I found it. It’s only about a thirty minute drive from town. Then, it felt like a major trip when everywhere I drove was five minutes away in our small town. I spent many evenings and summer days fishing there, mostly alone. Anytime I felt depressed I could get away and be awkward by myself.
We rented a house and moved in at the beginning of October. Yes it's only been a Month but it feels like it's been forever, it feels like home already! In fact the day we signed the lease it felt like home to me.
I love meeting men in every single way possible in NYC. I'll try speed dating, asking out a cute guy in a coffee shop, singles events and in central park. I once flew to Kansas to meet a guy I had been chatting with for months online (sorry parents, but it's true, I'm still alive though!) It comes as no surprise then, that I relish Time Out New York's singles issue every year it makes it's way to my doorstep, and devour its pages and people open and willing enough to put themselves on a market with such a high circulation.
lost their lives at ground zero
40. Roger Ebert’s review of Point Break
And here I am again all logical and reasonable. Because although saying out loud "He raped me and then he told me he'd break my neck if I told anyone".. well it's out there, at the moment those words are just floating in universe and have absolutely no connection to myself. But.. I did write in my journal when I came home and the more I write the more connected I seem to become. Except now I have yet again shut my emotions off to be able to get on with my day.
Tanaka is probably best known for being a member of the J-pop group Tokyo Performance Doll.
There is little by the way of welcome in pubs these days. Eye contact by bar staff is kept to a minimum and attempts at conversation, even in an empty pub, are often met with blank indifference, or even looks of amazement. A simple smile and "hello" often seem too much to ask. Staff seem happiest when gossiping amongst themselves. Recognise the picture? When I worked in the pub, I was taught always to acknowledge your customer, have a word if possible and unless actually serving someone else, always,repeat always stop what you are doing and serve the customers. Nothing,it was emphasised, was more important than that. Oh and always say goodbye and thanks. I was taught a lot more besides, by a true old school landlord. It is why I have such high standards when I visit pubs. It really is just as easy to do it well as badly and, oddly makes the job itself way more satisfying.
What should you hashtag:
Chrysler bought Rootes and but didn't have a small enough V8 to fit into the Tiger. As a Ford engine would not do in a Chrysler owned model the Tiger was discontinued after 1968.
You also claim that only a minority of teachers will be effected. Does that mean our union leaders effectively created separate classes of employees. Will we be able to collectively bargain now based on these classes? How does one not affected get to negotiate on the issue?
Just a few of the messages on facebook this morning in Georgia……
Do you know what makes me really feel good? Helping others.
The recipe relies on using store-bought frozen bread dough, thawed, and an overnight rise in the frig while Santa makes his rounds. Pop it in the oven while opening presents and the scent of warm cinnamon throughout the house is what a holiday morning is all about.
♪♫I'm not touching you.....♪♫
Our first Christmas was celebrated the Saturday after Thanksgiving with Eric's family. Lyla loves playing with her cousins.
Spence Campbell (REP) 1.69% 89
There is no rescue from the self-deception of sin except for the salvation that is ours in Jesus Christ. While doing everything else required of us in this challenge, the faithful church must center its energies on the one thing that we know we must do above all else – preach, teach, and live the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Richard Branson
CAMPBELLIAN FUNCTIONS: *sociological*
Something is wrong with the souls of Chicago's dead. Ghosts are walking the streets, and Maddy's boss wants her to figure out why. At the same time, the pact that Maddy unwittingly made with the local werewolves comes back to bite her when their alpha is kidnapped. As Lucifer's heir, she should be able to discover who-or what-is responsible for both occurrences, but the fallen haven't been too happy
The little elf characters on the flags are from the transfer sheet found in the high elf blood bowl team box. Except for the knight´s flag, which is hand made.
The wheat is the last to be placed on the table and it reminds us of Jesus "The Bread of Life". In the farming communities it also symbolized the hope of good fortune and a bountiful harvest in the coming year. We don't farm so we stress the religious meaning.
In March, a letter to the editor (ODT, 24.3.12) by Cr Lee Vandervis raised questions to which ORFU’s Wayne Graham gave a nothing reply. Indeed, we’d all been wondering what ORFU’s extra debt of $80,000 to DCC stood for, to be written off in the bailout package. We had heard an ORFU party at the stadium was part responsible (comment). It was not long before an official information request went to Dunedin Venues Management Ltd (DVML) from one of our readers. Related comments on the thread start here.
6 ounces white chocolate, chopped
However one Afrikaner man who lives in Strand reports that their Zimbabwean maid reported about a meeting was held in the local squatter camp over the weekend where the issue was discussed. Some workers said they would refuse to participate in the planned attacks, and the meeting ended in a fight.
There is an old story from India that aptly illustrates how frame of reference affects an understanding of physical properties, and indeed of the larger setting in which those properties are manifested.
I felt terrible for not paying more attention. I also felt terrible because he knows our new routine and his new nook so well, that he was being careful not to push against my belly. In minding my space, he lost track of his balance.
I repeat - it's the 20th October!
She rang off with the cheery information that we would have to wait until Monday before anyone would be in the office to register our complaint.
I’m reminded of a story by Benjamin Franklin about George Whitefield. George Whitefiled was an evangelist who helped spread the Great Awakening in Britain.
9) He decided to take a pause to marry everybody he ever had a relationship with. Well, it worked for Gingrich, didn’t it?
You used our green tips for your mailing list and are using eco-friendly paper. Now it’s time to talk about the actual printing and mailing.
When we've been here ten thousand years...
Hello friends, I'm excited to show you my card published in the latest issue of Magnolia Ink. I was so lucky to win the magazine contest: "Make a Card, Make a Wish" with this step card. I'm sure most of you, Magnolia lovers, have already seen the magazine but I here are some extra pics. Please enjoy!
–$75 million for smoking cessation
I went straight to the hospital.
The charges against Thomson were far more serious. As a fugitive from Bothwell who had not taken the King’s peace, had been involved in the Airth rescue and present at Cargill’s Devon Common preaching, he could have expected little mercy. Their fate, at least in Cuthill’s case, depended on their answers before the council. The documents concerning their appearances before the Council on 12 to 13 July, confirm that both Cuthill and Thomson committed treason by publicly denying the King and Council’s authority:
Get up late.
The group has achieved 32 Top-40 singles on the British Charts.
The one time I had my hair up, and no Horde earrings. Shame on me. But this was the total look. You can really tell I haven’t been feelin well these past few days. Sheeeeesh! I’ll be takin care of that. lol.
Ian Anderson - Flute, Acoustic Guitar, vocals
What does this mean for the cattle rancher? Fixing fence, of course. But there is also the time it takes to round up escaped cattle, dealing with neighbors and finding the hole that needs to be fixed. Not to mention not accomplishing everything that could have been done instead of fixing fence.
See, it's easy.
Life is much simpler when your values and decisions are clear and your decisions clearly support your values.
I did not work on this conflict fearing I’d disappoint my parents. I continue to live two separate faiths for the rest of my 30 years. I’d go to mass on Sundays, and on services during the weekdays. I’d observe Catholic practices and I’d attend my other church community activities. I was lost and can never be found. My values are intact. But my roots of faith is very weak.
As I thought about this quite literal technique for internalizing the true meaning of Christmas, it occurred to me that sometimes I have the opposite problem. With all the bustling busyness, my inner joy in celebration of my savior’s birth never really makes it to the outside.
Nov. 5: Massey Hall, Toronto, ON
I took an inventory of my body the other day, and made a mental list of all the ways in which my body has served me for 38 years. It’s a long list! It created and birthed three amazing kids, nourishing them all for the first years of their lives; it’s gotten me through illness and injury more times than I can remember; it supported me as I completed my university degrees (even when I injured my back!); it carried me through my darkest days even when I didn’t feel like carrying on; it moves in amazing ways (who knew I could swing dance like that?!); it hugs my children, kisses lovers, wipes away tears, and jumps for joy. In all of my pain and suffering, in all of my celebrations, my body has been there for me.
So keep hoping that Sheik Mohammed the eighth once visited your club as a 7yr old and now wishes to buy it for 1 billion and, if he does, enjoy the ride. It may be bumpy, you may have few friends at the end of it but you will have the medals/trophies you always dreamed of. Until, that is, a Trillionaire comes along and then it’s someone else’s turn!
Everything takes a bit longer (maybe 3 or 5 times longer) and target dates are not always observed. Kenyans are leaned back when it comes to keeping time. You should therefore budget for sufficient time, be patient and remember keep the smile on your face! The more annoyed you look, the longer you will probably have to wait.
We also looked at a version of the Republican field that included Sarah Palin. In that one Romney still leads Perry 31-18, with Bachmann and Palin at 10%.
An eyewitness apparently heard the inspector's offensive remarks. "I saw how these people were robbed, but he protected the criminal."
The Journal is actively seeking contributions for the inaugural issue. Visit the link for further details.
In other news, Everton’s Scotty Boss said that Fabregas deserved to be “sent off” for the comments he made at the ref at halftime.
You ask why?
All of which set me up for a surprise.
I hope that some of you get a white christmas and if you do, please send me some snow. amen.
About the award: "For the past two decades, Platinum Circle has been awarded to industry luminaries—architects, designers, owner/operators, purchasers—who have demonstrated the highest degree of excellence throughout their careers."
Was that 2011? I'm thinking of the Venerable Bede's story, in which one of King Edwin's thanes compares the life of a man (with the Anglo-Saxons it was always a man) to the swift flight of a sparrow through a banqueting hall on a dark winter's day. The past year has seemed the mere flip of a wing. Yet somehow I reviewed around 86 shows this year - quite a lot more than last year, when I reviewed 66, and almost as much as 2010, when I did 90. So much for my vows to cut down on theatre: the totting up of the books exposes my vain strivings, and reveals me for the hopeless addict I am.
Five years? One year is too much of books. Okay list....anything by JLA, Dark Hunters series by Sherrilyn Kenyon, Black Dagger Brotherhood by JR Ward, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight, Shatter Me by Taherah Mafi, and I could probably go on.
hubs asks me to do,
Tune in to Channel 5 this Saturday evening, April 14th, at 7:00 PM to see your VHS Academic Challenge team compete against teams from Rocky River and Ravenna High Schools. The team will also compete in the North East Regional Tournament on April 21st at Olmsted Falls High School. The Sailors current record for the year is 27-5. A reminder to the team that we will have practice on Monday, April 16th at 3:00 PM.
I know, it all started because I helped my husband slaughter pirates for hours last weekend so he can work on insane in the membrane. Yes. He is. I’m now exalted with all the goblins now. I really honestly think they should make me queen and give me a special crown.
Yesterday I undertook day two of interviews. To say that it was unsuccessful is an understatement. When relaying my day to my sister, her laughter became louder and louder (there were tears too) thus the title for my post.
Is that what it shows, or does it show that people – not just those in the Tea Party – have lost faith in this President?
I'm not an alcoholic by any means, but damn I can't wait to have a glass of Moscato di Asti. One will be waiting for me in my hospital room, perfectly chilled. And if he forgets, Chris will be facing certain divorce.
Metallics... a flash of gold, a sliver of silver a touch of bronze... I feel like shining...
‎”If you lived on the world’s terms, the world would love you as one of its own. But since I picked you to live on God’s terms and no longer on the world’s terms, the world is going to hate you.” - John 15:19 MSG
To start things off, I'd like to confidently predict that 2012 will be the year of the dress. Not just for me personally, but for the world at large. Primarily because of the V & A's forthcoming exhibition - Ballgowns: British Glamour since 1950.
Available at: Smashwords.com
Bring to a boil before adding beef. Cook over low heat for about an hour. Remove
I'm not going to fall into the trap of telling you what you MUST have in your kit, but there are a few things I heavily recommend regardless of size. A decent to very good tactical folder, an LED light of some type with one or two sets of spare batteries. A water bottle. I like a stainless one unpainted, because my thought is should I ever end up where its an emergency situation I can boil water in it over a small fire. A substitute is a plastic Nalgene bottle that fits into one of these. I may have ripped on packing 20+ pounds of water but, I didn't say don't carry any.
NGC 6638 – This faint, compact fuzzy shines at mag 9.1 and was unresolvable in my skies. I suspect that I could tweak out individual stars under a darker sky, but this was a dim object to start with.
And I already started....last night I went to a new exercise class with a work friend. I loved it too, can't wait to go back tomorrow!!
‘We are very committed to promoting South Asian talent on various platforms across America. With our partnership with Cinsay, we are very excited to promote Sonu’s merchandise and content and plan to sign on more leading artists,’ said Nick Rajsakha, CEO of Music Is Nivana.(IANS)
“You cannot play the game of life with sweaty palms.” -”Dr. Phil”, Phillip C. McGraw
Fave knife fight in a film—btw, you can include sci-fi cutting implements—
And that is "direction" as in "sense of".
Closer ’7 Years’ does not disappoint. It is impossible not to sing to the chorus (although it has no words) the sheer sound conveys a certain feeling of freedom and rather than screaming from the rooftops Carter sighs tunefully until the guitars fade into white noise.
At first mom didn’t want to believe what was going on. She tried to get her daughter help after her first boyfriend went to jail.
To be honest, I also could not get myself to move forward on the cruise. All of the past Quacker Factory trips have been a labor of love that Jeanne,Lee, Tim and I have worked on together so closely for almost 10 years. Facing the prospect of cruising without Jeanne was something I could not dream of. After returning to the US, I stayed away from my office and mourned just as you have.
How fascinating to think about -- Twombly furiously sketching, taking on the bravura gestures of Ab Ex with gesture itself, and Rauschenberg seemingly poking around the Moroccan terrain for rocks and feathers to make mobiles. Furthermore, Rauschenberg remade this work in 1990, and early photographs of his New York studio shows the Shirtboards still hung with prominence on his proverbial mantle. What is it about these works that Rauschenberg does want to let go or what is it about them that Rauschenberg must carry with him?
Crossing my fingers that this will be the year the variegated Rhododendron blooms. This is it's third year and no blooms so far. It's a good thing I like it for it's foliage or I'm not sure I would be patient for much longer.
Please post your comments/questions on The Space Show blog. If you want to send Rusty a note, please do so through me.
For every “I did because…..”, I cut off the ‘because’ and remained with “I DID….”
These St George flags were all on display in one road in Billesley.
Good morning! It’s Monday, March 12, 2012. I’m alive and awake! And we’re back home (got back yesterday around noon). I updated my other blog, Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit, with book reviews of a couple of books that I finished while we were in Glen Rose. We had the most absolutely wonderful time at the Paluxy River Bed Cabins! As usual, we stayed in the Cedar House. It rained most of the day Saturday, which did not adversely affect our weekend one bit. We just sat on the porch (or in the hot tub) and watched it rain. It was beautiful.
I wanted to ask mom what did it mean to be Korean. For example, did they also pickle six large stone jars of cabbages with oceans of garlic, ginger and spicy pepper flakes? Did they eat nothing else with their rice all winter unless their relatives from the north brought fluffy white potatoes that melted in your mouth?
I had to be part of the start-line. I wanted to run so bad, but there was so much behind the scene things that needed to go smoothly I will be sure to run next year. I was so glad that my cousin came out to support. She ran and won for our age group. Woot Woot! I need to work on that finish time for sure. I was glad to see so many marathon runners come out and support.
-Begin making a better world for my children at home by cleaning, purging, and organizing my home. Looking around, I am too young to cling to this much stuff. So it’s time for Spring Cleaning x10. Trash, donate, repair–three possible destinations for all this clutter. Then maybe I won’t have to use www.wheresmycellphone.com twice a week (although in my defense, one time Alex put it in a trash bag).
of teenage hormones,
Me: My husband’s first name is Guy.
History tells America its own spooky stories about variances and differentials in treatment depending on who is wearing the emotion and the sorrow at the time; but to this very day, some very “angry black women” know what it’s like to be treated less than human, less than a dog even; and to be put into a box with a lid closed so tight that nothing seeps out until it’s time for an outright explosion.
*I was planning a quick over-night trip to Korea on Monday. Not happening.
The City Reliquary Museum & Civic Organization, located at 370 Metropolitan Avenue in Williamsburgh, Brooklyn, provides a wide array of services to the community. As a certified 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization, we are committed to serving the people of New York City – natives, newcomers, and passersby. The City Reliquary’s hours are: Saturday and Sunday: 12pm – 6pm. Admission to the museum is by suggested donation. For general information, please visit the
(4) Dress up your ice cream cones with decorative cone jackets;
Schoolio Digital Scrapbooking Kit
I really do make a attractive bald woman.....but I love my hair.
Not exactly my comfort food, yet one of my most luxurious indulgences. Some of my best chocolate experiences have been really really memorable and they were indeed very sweet……
We broke bread together, shared a lot of coffee and wine, and embarked upon adventure. Deeper adventure than a trip to the beach or an art gallery, adventure that involved our souls, our hearts.
Here are the two that were finished...
What did his attacks do ?
Sorry peeps but a few of you have ordered clearance items with the discount....I'll be sending invoices for the additional monies over the next few days.
Being that it is dreary and rainy here in Denver I thought it would be a good day to share a ghost story with you guys. I make no claims to this story as it belongs to Castle of Spirits, which is a great website that collects such things. I read this story years ago and thought it to be really spooky. Enjoy!
For us, these small steps towards being green have saved us a lot of money, or maybe it’s the opposite. When I started getting ahold of my finances, maybe I started being green almost incidentally.
His ways are higher than our ways; His thoughts higher than our thoughts (Isaiah 55:9). We can humbly take the path He has marked out for us today, and do so in absolute trust of His infinite wisdom and love. He is wiser and more loving than we can ever know. He who sees has forseen and will not lead us astray.
You can have them try to put the same poles of the magnets together and see what happens. Then try with opposite poles- what's the difference? Teach them the terms repel & attract.
Title Return from tomorrow / by George G. Ritchie with Elizabeth Sherrill
To complete, divide sweet potatoes onto six plates. Place pork bellies on sweet potatoes, then garnish with kimchi and candied pecans. Serves six.
One of the reasons I really covet this book is because it emphasizes work-hardening metal clay. For someone like me, whose education in metal clay is solely from books, it was hard to find instruction on this issue, specifically as it applies to metal clay. (In the end, I attended an introduction to metalworking course at my local art center last fall, to try to get the answers I needed on this and related subjects.) Kate covers work-hardening for a variety of forms, including a simple method for work-hardening rivet posts which was completely new to me - and I can't tell you how happy that makes me.
The doctor I saw spoke a considerable amount of English, which was helpful, of course. I had practiced some new vocabulary earlier this morning for the purpose of communicating with the doctor, but I ended up only needing to say the word for “acupuncture” in Chinese. The doctor spent a minute, maybe two looking at me and slapping my knee around before he prescribed nine packages of medicine…NINE PACKAGES OF MEDICINE.
The crazy driving is a little nerve-wracking, but… it’s nothing compared to the last hired van I rode up highway 1 in Viet Nam, playing chicken with tour buses and cargo trucks at 3am. And it doesn’t require the absolute disregard for my own life (or the absolute faith in 500 strangers’ driving skills) I needed just to walk across a busy street in Sai Gon. All the positive aspects of the buses here make the slightly elevated risk of accidents seem… less important. Until I see the actual accident statistics, it’s difficult to feel like they are any riskier than those in Boston, and they seem much safer than most of the transports I survived in Viet Nam.
Has the Lord been reduced to this crassness?
"It contained a large amount of gun powder and a fuse," explained
The site (see top picture) is primarily occupied by Sellers Engineering and includes Kirklees Council premises at West Riding House together with Grey House Yard. Existing listed buildings fronting Chapel Hill, including the Rat and Ratchet pub, will be incorporated into the scheme. Most of the site is owned by Sellers.
Let's help those that truly need it, but take responsibility for our financial situation - and the basic nutritional health of our children - when we can. -Carrie
It is most unfortunate that CSIR continues to try and hide itself behind a veil of secrecy. As we have seen in the past, such secrecy is an open invitation to corruption, inefficiency and unaccountability.
HAND PIECES
Angie from Petra School: Angie and her boys are such an inspiration to me and give me such encouragement with every OHC post they make. Besides being a fellow West Coast blogger, I enjoy Angie's style. She is sometimes even more zealous about nature study than I am.
There’s so much I could ask for
All images, text, and content on this site are the sole property of Claire Leggett and may not be used, copied or transmitted without the express consent of Claire Leggett.
True enough. People don’t love well when they’ve been abused as children or when the lie enters and crushes the truth. When someone allows a betrayal to poison their tender heart, when a root of bitterness springs up and injures many. Oh, all sorts of things can interfere, but love itself: piece of cake, easy, natural. And even with all the interference, we still crave it and give it and do it, don’t we?
*starting making the wet razz sound all the time
Archduke Charles
There’s a lot more that helped me retain my growth and I plan to share all my tips with you! Stay tuned!
Recently I've been feeling like it's taken me 7 years in San Diego to just get some of my own ministry to a place I can build on and develop some mediocre sense of tradition.
We called a friend to router the front and back pieces so we can use either side, 20min later he returns with beautifully edged wood. Thanks Jimmy!!
hives.
Matthew is one of the few really eccentric characters on TV that I enjoy. Usually when characters are written to be hilariously weird, I just find them too unbelievable to be funny (I’m looking at you Kenneth on 30 Rock). And the rest of the cast is really solid too. I can do with out the Richie scenes, and I wouldn’t mind seeing more of new Christine (the title doesn’t make much sense otherwise), but it’s still really quite funny. In fact I think I may have laughed more this season than in previous ones. Although, let’s get this right out there: she isn’t fat. At all. Stop making jokes about her being fat. She isn’t. Even remotely. Lazy? Sure. Drunk? Sure. Kinda dumb? Sure. But Fat? No.
As a more permanent solution I would like to have a close look at Articulate Storyline, which should be released soon, although the date for that happening has slipped significantly so I’m not holding my breath. It will output to HTML5, thus negating the Flash issue and the feedback from the Beta testers has been positive.
cells. They also have natural chemicals that may aid in preventing
I really like the packaging off the NYX blushes, its very practical. The blushes come in a large square pan with a quilted surface. The lid flips up and has a clear cover so you can tell what color it is inside. I really love that about these blushes, its so easy to tell what color each blush is. I wish all blushes had these clear covers :)
It's looking drastically different around here and I am ECSTATIC! Heartfelt thanks to the sweet and talented Robin of Robin's Creative Cottage for turning my blog into something even more stunning than my heart envisioned. I fell in love with a digital scrapbooking kit and she transformed it into this lovely blog design. I love every single inch of it, from the gorgeous header to the fluttering butterflies to the scattered pearls to the elegant flourishes... and beyond! She made me swoon over my button. :o) The creative journey was so fun and truly inspiring. She is such a joy to work with. Thank you, Robin! :o) Now I just need to fill in the remaining fun labels with my friends' buttons and favorite sites! How fun!
The best part is that this is a hands-on learning experience to help kids remember the different parts of the Story... You'll teach your kids the true Story of Christmas without spending much, if any, money.
2: After persevering with a pram for a few months, and hating it, I finally discovered baby-wearing and purchased my first proper sling. It was a cheap Mei Tai from eBay. I found it easy to get on by myself, could wear Nookie on my front or back with ease, and actually really liked it. Unfortunately the straps were a little thin, and as time went on and Nookie grew it became uncomfortable to use for long periods.
to argue with the ocean is pointless
Brett T. Bailey, 28, Bricktown, N.J.
For my second challenge today I joined in with.......my favorite One Layer Wednesday -- mini masterpiece. One of my favorite "sponging" stampers, Heather Telford, has joined up with the OLW Team (yep - they have a team now!) and is hostessing this week. Seriously, if you want to see some incredible cards, I highly recommend perusing Heather's blog. Heaven, absolute heaven!
I recognised the top notebook as one that he had used in a previous job for menu planning and writing down recipes. I opened it and discovered that a lot of the writing was beginning to fade, due to the age of the notebook. What a sad loss it would be to lose all that valuable information, especially for one day when we have our own restaurant; it will be an excellent resource.
To ignore the overwhelming evidence for the resurrection of Jesus because of what we perceive to be Biblical errors is completely wrongheaded. It’s treating a written record of events as if it is more important than the events themselves. The reality of an event is more important than the accuracy of any accounts of it. Surely, if you had personally seen Jesus alive from the dead you would not give up your Christian faith even if you found 100 errors in the Biblical text. Why, then, should anyone give up his/her faith given the historical reliability of the Biblical witness to the resurrection of Jesus?
SAFCEI 7 March 2012.
MS: Hildur and I had to register the song so walked through town on the way to the office and made up a story of someone who…
(The schedule actually has the show running until 2 AM Monday mornings, which we presume is a repeat of the live 6-10 PM airing.)
online practice program that offers an unlimited number of colorful, interactive questions. Your child can practice thousands of skills that reinforce all the topics taught from Pre-K to Algebra. Are you digging into decimals? IXL offers 150 skills on decimals alone! In fact, we are all about variety. The questions themselves come in numerous varieties—there are word problems to solve, tables to complete, and even graphs your child can create (you read right, they
It has certainly been all about cake in the last two weeks and I have to say I'm knackered! I've had many nights of broken sleep waking up with crazy lazy panic thoughts about the cakes - anyone else? Although I have absolutely loved all of my recent creations so it was all worth it in the end. I started with my pink and white cake pops, Manchester United giant cupcake (blog post coming soon) and this week I had my friend's 30th birthday - a great reason to make a nice fancy cake and try out some new techniques, as if I need an excuse!
Under the nose the car sports a hump, similar to that employed in 2009 by Renault and Williams (in early testing at least). This is used to offset the lift created by the neutral central section of the front wing (as mandated by the rules). Additionally Force India appear to have an access hatch in this hump, which suggests that there might be Ballast placed inside it, not as effective as ballast mounted in the wing by usefully a few centimeters lower than inside the main nosecone.
Suddenly a jovial fellow appeared from the front door of one of the cottages, smiling and waving. He shouted to me, “How great to see you! What are you doing here?”
enjoy it, though. However,Travis Erwin won me over because his words took me to a world I would have never experienced otherwise. And you know what? I had a blast while I explored his bit of Texas. I delight in fiction that makes my belly hurt with laughter. And when the storytelling is weaved with reality, I just love the result.
Maggi’s robust work graces the cover of ‘Fusion Junction’ (see above). Her artwork is fun and she seems to have a taste for buccaneers. Her ‘Maid Garden’ works are very rich and capture a sense of cute nostalgia that are thoroughly enjoyable to browse.
Think about the impact of your purchase and it’s direct contribution to our economy. Support local artist, support your local small businesses, start on sites like Etsy and go to your neighborhood shops next, and only if all fails go to the mall.
Until we meet, remember the importance of being you.
For this particular Litha Abundance Fruit Salad Spell, I have chosen to work the spell for an Abundance of Love in my Life. This is in keeping with the Midsummer symbolism of the Marriage Of The God & Goddess, and the ripening pregnancy of the Goddess, after Her mating with the God at Beltane. Likewise, it corresponds to the season of summer- the peak of the agricultural year.
“We’re here to serve the community and we try to do it as best we can, and all we really want is to have our library materials returned,” said Michael.
Sunshine, flowers, spring foliage, light rain, no more snow, more daylight hours – what more could you want? While some people love cold weather (skiers, for example), eventually, we all are craving sunshine and warmth. The streets are filled with bicyclists, walkers, runners, kids, adults, and everyone is happy in the sun. Here in Vermont, March and April are not always the prettiest of months (some call it stick season, some call it mud season…there is a lot of brown), so we eagerly await the springtime foliage and warmer days. If you live further south, you’ve been out and about for months in warmth, I know.
Dear Heavenly Father! You have made me a partaker of the Abrahamic blessings through Our Lord Jesus Christ. I present my tithes to You as a token of my covenant relationship with You and the connection to the Abrahamic blessings. Therefore, the devourer is rebuked from my finances, every form of sickness is destroyed and failure is completely removed from my life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Card stock: Bazzill Basics, kraft (Recollections)
Must be familiar with the island. Go visit now if you never have! Look around… make sure this is a place you feel you would fit in with. Be sure to check out MIASNOW Main Store, that’s my place so you can see where I’m coming from. Thanks for your interest! Spread the word!
In some ways, self-portraits can be seen as one of the most challenging forms of photography for most photographers, because there are significant obstacles to overcome on 2 levels.
residence. The emerging doctrines of Evolution, Functional Psychology, and
“Do you know why they subjected us to virginity tests?” Ibrahim asked me soon after we’d spent hours marching together to mark International Women’s Day in Cairo on March 8. “They want to silence us; they want to chase women back home. But we’re not going anywhere.”
When she was asked which superhero she was she would tell them that she was Superman and Supergirl's kid.
We are a big fan of using visuals in this house. We have them everywhere! On the fridge, above the basin, on the toilet wall, in the shower, over the bath, in the car and on their wardrobes reminding them to do the basic tasks like getting dressed. A simple picture of them getting dressed wouldn’t work, they need the sequence that the clothes need to go on.
Here's a last little note about context: The next stage of human (cultural) evolution involves the reinvention of the generalist (the role of philosophers in the enlightenment comes to mind as an analog). In the past 100 years we have delved deeply into many areas of reality, both through science (Einstein, Heisenberg, etc.) and through religion (Martin Luther King Jr., Mohandas K. Gandhi, etc.). It is time to integrate all that we have learned and to purposefully apply it to the world which we create every day.
The Lord Jesus Christ in whom I have believed etc…… unto salvation by the power of the Holy Spirit is The one who I continue to trust even more and more. In fact I seem to need him more and more as I understand him to the extent my mind can comprehend. Who has known the mind of the Lord? Right?
Jean Dujardin plays George Valentin, one of the world’s biggest movie stars in the late 1920s. Our introduction to him is in a spy film (not unlike OSS 117) being interrogated and screaming “I WON’T TALK!” Oh yeah, there’s a lot of that kind of humor. The Artist is not especially subtle. Anyway George meets cute with an aspiring actress named Peppy Miller (Bérénice Bejo), who slowly starts to make it in the film business. Then the inevitable happens. 1929 comes and the studios make the shift to talkies. George refuses to make the leap. Even the studio head (John Goodman) agrees that George is a “silent film star.” To George, this means making more silent films. To the studio, it means finding new stars. Stars like Peppy. With his trusty dog Jack (Uggie the dog) and his valet Clifton (James Cromwell), George sets out on his own. It’s pretty clear from his first scene with his wife (Penelope Ann Miller) that the marriage will not last until the end of the film (especially not with a young ingénue waiting in the wings). Over the course of the movie George sinks lower and lower, not unlike in a Frank Capra film. Capra’s heroes (think It’s a Wonderful Life) tend to find themselves falling lower and lower and lower until they finally get a happy ending. For George to get his happy ending, he needs to sink pretty low.
Christopher took a deep breath.
Obama will be forced to address his record during the campaign and after the elections, Mr. Milbank will be able to settle into the intellectual easy chair of railing against the new president and nostalgically longing for the old one. It’s good work if it suits your disposition.
question of finding other sounds that would suit the texture. I
I ache in the places where I used to play
I grew up in a house turned preschool since my mom’s a teacher and she wanted to build her own school. This school has expanded into something bigger so our family had to move out and leave everything else behind. The preschool on the ground floor remains while our 2nd floor (where my room used to be) is being used as storage room. This saddens me as I have so many memories from that place.
The data have all been published. The library has chosen not to do so. Instead it reports on quite other aspects – collections and web services – without turning the absolute frequencies into indicators.
I stop mowing. The soft green leaves of the lilac press into my face; the sweet smell that always reminds me of my grandmother envelops me. I close my eyes, breathe deeply, and stand with the lawn mower vibrating in my hands.
I am now buried in blue macarons and have made no less than 500 macarons in a few days (including the failed ones), more on this on later post. Other than that, it seems like we're back in Winter weather, temperature dropped to low 60's max during the day, it's been raining for 5 straight days and I cannot wait to start wearing shorts, skirts, mini dresses, without having to worry about freezing.
Now, countries are showing goodwill... getting together, helping out, why only ever when disaster strikes?
I have always spoken to my kids like real people who deserve respect. I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I apologize and do better in the next moment.
let righteousness grow with it;
--translated by Cliff Crego
for a couple things I was selling.
Thats it for now guys, i have to run to get to my bus on time!
Yes, that's right, it was a candle that smelled like paper. Or as Assouline put it: a candle that "evoked the atmosphere of your fantasy library and the pleasure of reading..."
Perhaps it shows lack of imagination, but for a first date it seems that hundreds of men enjoy “cuddling on the sofa with a glass of wine and a dvd”. Now I’m sorry lads, I can do that with the dog, and I’d cheerfully swap the cuddle for a bar of Galaxy. If I’m going to endure an hour having my face threaded and my legs waxed beforehand, I expect more from a date than an evening on a saggy sofa with a glass of vino collapso and the World Rugby Highlights. Apart from anything, I like to get to know someone a bit better before I go on their sofa!
The elephant driver directed her via the pressure of his bare feet behind her ears. This is definitely hands-free driving. We rode 10 feet off the ground over the bridge that delineates Angkor Thom, down the road about one kilometer (Frank says it seemed like longer), and to Bayon, the first temple that we visited this week, way back last Saturday.
Ok, so I have had off and on success with posting the little pictures like the one above for the 21 day challenge at A Bowl Full of Lemons. I was able to do it on my second day of blogging and then I have been trying ever since and couldn't get it to work again until now. Am I the only one? I was able to do it this time in the Edit HTML mode, by posting the code. I have tried it this way before though and only get the actual text/code, no link or logo. I don't know, but glad it is working right now!
San Jose PRIDE and BREATHE partnered to offer people of the LGBTQ community who want to quit smoking the opportunity to learn best practices and self-help tools. Classes are catered to the LGBT community, although all are welcome, and begin April 18 and end May 23, Wednesday evenings from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the Billy DeFrank LGBTQ Community Center.
Why spend your savings on popping a pill when ya can jump on a motorcycle, get an erection that lasts for two years, and STILL continue to loot and pillage villages. Might even be able to cut back on the looting and pillaging villages with the money you save on Viagra and Cialis prescriptions.
Web filtering can be configured in two basic ways. It either blocks by category or works with a specific "allowed" list. The latter is suitable for very young users that will have a limited number of sites to access so that the list is not difficult to manage. Blocking by category with or without some exceptions is the more common and more flexible way to implement web filtering. It does however have some draw backs. New sites and content are created on the internet by the second and the databases and algorithms used to categorize these sites sometimes struggle to keep up. This means that some sites may get through that shouldn't. The filtering software may catch up after some time, but it is important to monitor internet usage and not rely too heavily on this important but imperfect tool.
Using 10.5mm needles, circular and dpn's and a worsted weight yarn.
'When you die, you... go to a nice place.'
Maybe you remember reading about the sketches, in this post. We were blown away by our friend Adrian's talent. But then he started on the actual wall. And again… Dave and I? Blown away.
I drooled over the web pages,
Ratatouille – Ego’s flashback
The big problem with living in an age where everyone is plugged into everyone else’s business is that everyone is plugged into everyone else’s business.
You can follow an entire list if you like. Or you can go through the list and follow individuals. I would recommend that because chances are high that they will follow you back and then you can have a conversation. And that's what it's all about.
In other episodes of this august series we are due to learn that there were some Polish people flying with the RAF in World War II, (I er... think we knew that as we have been told this lots of time, not withstanding which the episode will still be called “The Untold Battle of Britain”) and in “The Untold Great Fire of London” we will be told that “foreigners were wrongly blamed for staring the fire", I guess that will be like one of those "expose the viewer to their own racism" episodes from US cop shows where, for once, the black man turns out not to be guilty of the rape/murder/mugging and we are all supposed to feel guilty for assuming he was.
Duane Ensing - Art is all about relationship, on so many levels. What it evokes, how people react and interact with it. It can create surprise. It can help you speak. I find the best kind of solutions come through time as we build a relationship with our client. The personality of a client reveals to us what we choose and where it is placed.
However, I will be at the front of the line for those who advocate compassion and forgiveness for people who were born into a system that tortured them in unimaginable ways, and gave them not even a shred of hope to ever escape.
Ever since I've started blogging I have developed a heightened appreciation for beautiful photography. I'm learning all sorts of wonderful new tips and tricks to try and make my photos look more interesting but I have a long way to go before I can compare to some of the wonderful photographs I have seen. I've even been brave enough to try to use some of the manual settings on the camera and have been fairly pleased with how they have turned out.
Uncontrolled immigration can easily destroy a nation as exemplified by the Korean empire of Balhae (渤海).
Paper: Butterfly Garden (Pink Paislee), Classic Crest Classic Natural White (Neenah), Kraft (Papertrey Ink)
“The Great Lady Yvenova of the Milk White Goats!” Panther exclaimed. As a young student of Fairy Lore, Genevieve MacKennon had memorized the legend of Queen Yvenova. The first Starlight Fairy had walked the Earth at the dawn of time with a herd of silky companions whose milk, it was said, had fed all the creatures of the world and brought them to life. Panther, up until this very moment, had believed the legend to be a myth, a graceful story told to explain the origins of the Universe. Could the legend actually be based on truth?
fossil thought on hoar frost nights.
But she could never have guessed the truth—that she is the daughter of a mythical faery king and is a pawn in a deadly war. Now Meghan will learn just how far she’ll go to save someone she cares about, to stop a mysterious evil no faery creature dare face…and to find love with a young prince who might rather see her dead than let her touch his icy heart.
and that clutch and those earrings!!
Then look around, see clearly humankind.
Doctor says that I shouldn't be surprised if he walks by 9 months.
I will drink a tall glass of chocolate milk when I wake up in the morning.
To come back to our skin, its elasticity changes with our age. The younger we are, the more elastic it is; our skin would be closer to the 1 on our scale. As we age, it moves towards the 0 mark. If we pinch the skin on top of our hand and pull, it will restore its position and shape when we let go, almost immediately. That means we have a young, elastic skin. If it takes a long time to return to its original shape (or in some cases it might not completely revert to its original shape) then our skin is old and less elastic; it is plastic.
I wasn't going to get to see his little brother either.
Add milk, vanilla, and cinnamon. Start off with a little. If it looks like you want more go for it. Mix all three ingredients well.
I'm Batman,
The fruit acids in these pads will literally eat away at your dead skin cells! I have to admit, I only bought these pads for the exfoliating effect, but it really has helped brighten my skin as well. I did get a bit red afterwords, which died down after an hour or two.
7. People who mess with my savasana
“You have spoken no? Very well, I will ask you this question thrice more in the course of my questioning. If you answer “no” thrice, you will die upon this spot. Do you understand?”
Donovan’s remarks came in an address to several thousand Realtors® gathered at The Real Estate Summit: Advancing the U. S. Economy , a special day long session at the Realtors® Midyear Legislative Meetings & Trade Expo.
- This fall I have sampled both the Hornsby’s and Woodchuck hard ciders this fall. The Woodchuck is worth the extra $1 per 6-pack. If I could find any locally made hard cider in the stores, I would try them too.
suppose one fallen morning i failed to arise from beneath the frayed blue duvet that was my shelter
J.W. Lees & Co (Brewers) Ltd J.W. Lees Harvest Ale (Calvados Cask)
Tel: 03-4252 6059
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
Aecht Schlenkerla Helles -- quite good, smoky
There are reds and blues, oranges and greens
Monday Rich, Grant, Hans and I went to Neuschwanstein Castle. We joined a little tour that involved a two hour train ride each way.
Having complained about the judges, now I have reaffirm that I am thrilled that they are really judging this year. Last year, Steven said “beautiful” to each and every performance. This year, he’s had moments of brutality. Same with the other 2. Randy has kind of gone overboard with the name dropping, to the point of driving Hank and Kevin over the edge. And he has a new meaningless catch phrase “Dude, you got to have it.” And JLo telegraphs her feelings with the kiss of death phrase ”you look beautiful” and the pet name “baby.” But they are really critiquing.
Know what? Right now, I feel the weather is a perfect analogy for my pregnancy: all sunshine but the threat of winter coming back is always lurking in my thoughts.
I dug further back. Past the certificates of merit and achievement (Why did I save these? When was I inducted into Mu Alpha Theta?), I came across what I believed was the mother lode. A stack of both hand written loose leaf sheets (Did you know that loose leaf paper had more of a brownish tint back then? I refuse to accept the fact that some of them were close to 40 years old and showing their age.) interspersed with type written pages.
BUT! I did complete a piece of wall art that Miss AuBrynne has requested.
Herforder make a pretty grim Weihnachtsbier, so when this bottle landed on my doorstep, I wasn't expecting too much from it. Despite being only 6.6%, Herforder Maibock delivers a hit of alcoholy booziness in the aroma, but that's about it, as it's pretty thin. It shares some of the flavour characteristics with the two previous examples, giving a light fruitiness, but to be honest, that's as far as it impacted on my little mind.
It's really a simple and lovely cake. Very filling, too, so you can get quite a few servings out of one cake!
He could unsell ice cream in August.
Me: Hey do you have any Goats for sale (Mind you he is a college student so of course he wouldn't have goats)
I had an interesting revelation today, and oddly, it wasn’t even my revelation. I showed the preparations for my Scribbler’s Retreat Writer’s Conference presentation to a couple of people at different times the past two days. One said, “You have enough here for a book.” The other said, “This would make a good book.” And it would. I’m surprised I didn’t think of it, but sometimes we’re too close to things to see the truth. So, I haven’t even left for my conference, and I already have what I hoped to gain from it – a new direction and the confidence to go where it takes me.
Watch and be changed....
Ana is new. For thousands of years in Range, a million souls have been reincarnated over and over, keeping their memories and experiences from previous lifetimes. When Ana was born, another soul vanished, and no one knows why.
Apparently, I'm the strangest girl on the planet for not always remembering what panties I have on at any given time. She said she would have to pat me down and asked if I would like to go in a more private room. Bowchicawowow. Except not, because this woman is not exactly my first choice to get a pat down from.
related to his feelings for you”
What I did not realize was what a psychological and spiritual toll that stance had taken on me. To echo Casteneda’s Don Juan, I had not truly followed a path with heart, only one that seemed to be so, and any path other than one of heart is a curse.
He was a truly humble servant of God. From his service to prisoners to his many books, he changed hearts. God used him in so many ways.
Like my friend Lisa discovered and I quickly learned, there are many, many ways to be a mom. Probably about 95% of them are okay. So why don’t we all just relax a little and do what works for us and for our families.
Huh. I like it. But the lactose isn't too apparent. It is mostly apparent in the feel, making the feel a little smooth up front like the type should be, but is quickly offset by a carbonated soda feel and aftertaste. Roasted grain still, but still soda-like.
Take it from me, If I can build my own solar panel anyone can, just make sure you get a good “how to build a solar panel” guide that illustrates very clearly what materials you need to assemble and the steps you need to take to build, you will have a lot of fun building you own DIY solar power panels as wells enjoy the financial savings you will reap.
During the semester, I am busy with students and other various runnings around in my life. I don’t get to print that often. I have three blocks (2 lino, 1 wood) ready for printing. I have recently discovered Akua inks. Good bye oil based, smelly, messy clean up inks! Hello eco friendly, water cleaning up velvety finished ink! I highly recommend this ink to anyone who prints for monoprints/monotypes and relief/intaglio. Since I have three blocks ready, I am gonna print the first color for all of them today since all need yellow. I used Akua Intaglio in Diarylide Yellow. It is a wonderful warm yellow, borderline a golden rod yellow shade.
On Tuesday, I felt like I didn't sit down all day. I dropped Wee Z off at nursery and then walked Miss C to playgroup. After dropping her off at playgroup I came home to make the dinner and have a cup of tea before heading back out the door only an hour later to pick Miss C up. Mummy N offered to pick Wee Z up from nursery to save him walking all the way into town. By the time I got home I was ready to have a big sleep! No rest for the wicked though as I was back out to work a few hours later. I slept well that night.
A country as large as the U.S. makes room for many sorts of ideas, and thus for communities dedicated to them. As early as the 1820s, persons such as Robert Owen and John Humphrey Noyes built communes -- proto-communist states -- within America's borders. Those, of course, were entirely voluntary communities; their members were free to depart at any time. Nevertheless, they constituted a womb for the embryonic theories they expressed in practice...theories which persons of more abstract bent, such as Marx and Engels, would develop to their full malignancy shortly thereafter.
“He’s a sweetie, even though he tries to act like he’s not. All right, hon, let me get back to work. Good luck with your story.”
6. Knitting is taken everywhere. No exceptions are to be made.
i think i’ll avoid all of the options and begin with a simple:
Luckily, Denise had a study party at her house, so I got to do some of that grading with friends. Have you ever been to a study party? I had a couple in college, and mostly we just watched Lost. (It makes you smarter.) Denise was a very hard task master, though, so she wouldn't even let us watch tv or have margs until we'd worked for awhile. That led to Diana and I complaining a lot and asking for a study break every five minutes. Which then led to Denise throwing my shoe across the room. Which then led to some boys doing Harry Caray lines. (Sorry about the Spanish subtitles. Unless you speak Spanish, in which case, you're welcome and I did that on purpose.) We also co-graded a couple of my papers. I think it actually helped my students get a better grade, because I was less upset that my eyes were bleeding. (Just kidding. They got the same grade. MY EYES WERE BLEEDING.)
…..before I collapse.
Do anything for a bit of attention
Three more weeks everybody. And the beginning of the Minnesota Renaissance Festival. This is where you will find me on Saturdays, Labor Day, Friday the 30th of September, and the first weekend of October.
141. “Every exit is an entry somewhere else.” -Tom Stoppard
Calm all the way. I need complete quiet and no people.
(Feiwel and Friends, an imprint of Macmillan Children’s Publishing Group)
The website will also include extensive event and festival information and a ”find a bookshop“ guide. Additional content will be added to the website all the time including image galleries, video, competitions and a “find a library” guide.
The problem with the new translation and indeed the notion of a codified Latin Mass at all is that it destroys the communal and egalitarian nature of the act. Rather than an act of communion through which the churchgoer relates to God, it becomes an individualistic act through which the churchgoer relates to "experts" in Rome. It sets certain people above others in terms of their knowledge of a dead language and of dogma -- concerns that clearly distract from the message of God. If the Mass has any meaning, it must be grounded in communal concerns and vision-- not an effort to include as many four-syllable words as possible.
At this point you can freeze the dough in an airtight container for up to 1 week or use it!
Professor Bebbington is lead researcher on the new research which is published today (Friday, 1 July) in the July issue of the British Journal of Psychiatry. The research uses data from the 2007 Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey. The researchers found that non-consensual sexual intercourse before the age of 16 was strongly associated with psychosis. They also found weaker associations with being sexually molested and inappropriate sexual talk.
--thirty
"For witches are not the only otherworldly creatures living alongside humans. There are also creative, destructive daemons and long-lived vampires who become interested in the witch’s discovery. They believe that the manuscript contains important clues about the past and the future, and want to know how Diana Bishop has been able to get her hands on the elusive volume.
The Question:
The Problem of Ugly Equality
Watercolor 6x6, (c) 2012 ,
I decided a few days ago to finally visit the MacArthur foundation website. I had been hearing their recognition clip on NPR for years: "The MacArthur Foundation supports creative people and effective institutions committed to building a more just, verdant, and peaceful world." I think it's a great mission statement for a foundation: it is nearly exhaustive without losing focus on the values that it promotes.
Debbie never had a problem recognizing opportunity, but she did have a problem holding onto the relationship. She had a weakness that always interfered and caused a breakup, this was her struggle.
I believe I have been very fortunate my whole life … for every crisis there has been a positive outcome.
Third, we have tried to, and to an extent succeeded, in removing religion from the public square. Putting theology aside, faith provided structure and morality to individual lives, and a sense of community. If there is no right and wrong, there is no problem with smashing a police cruiser, or burning down a park that took so long and so much local effort to build. As for community, we have never used the term so much, and never had so little idea of what it really means.
For those on a very tight budget, that may be the end of the discussion. If you’ve got some money to spend on your phone, though, look a little deeper. Free phones are usually free for a reason: they’re often less capable than their more-costly counterparts. Getting a free phone may be buying you more trouble than a paid phone.
Remember when your liquor cabinet (i.e., the cupboard above the fridge) never had more than two bottles in it? Since you've become a fine spirits aficionado, those days are long gone.
10.I'll Never Get Over You (Mills)
The main characters here are prime minister and some of his cabinet colleagues and political rivals. The story revolves around prime minister and how his political and personal life gets mixed up. As part of his negotiation with US, he is trying to have an agreement so that US will have more say in the defense of Canada and whole of North America but his political rivals will term it as giving up sovereignty of the country. I still remember that one point of negotiation was to hand over Alaska to Canada in return.
On the market – Not the most widely available label of the range, but with the St Peter's brand becoming more ubiquitous by the second - the options are always growing. Those options are everywhere from supermarkets, specialist stores and online. Try the brewery's own web shop.
She handed the book back, nose wrinkled. "It's good but it's sort of mean," she suggested.
Lesley Sharp’s name has become a byword for quality TV. Lauded as one of the finest actors of her generation, she has a knack of creating characters that live with you beyond the final credits. Whether it’s playing a paedophile’s girlfriend in Prime Suspect, a gangster’s wife suffering from early onset Alzeimer’s in The Shadow Line, or a bedraggled, alcoholic psychic in the underrated Afterlife, she’s never anything less than compelling.
long. It's been hard work, but really interesting for me,
Funny, right?
Deschutes Brewery Inversion IPA
You're fucking annoying.
-A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
6. I used to be corporate sell-out then I realized that I can no longer stand the crazy office politics and decided to do freelance writing.
Of course sometimes I go back to pieces that haven't sold and rework them. These HUGE citrine teardrops were revised with a little more of a wrap than I originally had, they are very bold but such lovely large stones.
Imagine what a bunch of kids like ours could accomplish?
Really, such relationships are rare, but worth the search. I should know; one of those friendships for me has turned out to be Cec Murphey whom I met years ago at Mount Hermon.
Style: Tech House
Organic Hemp Protein
The covariance complexity measures the complexity of a signal. Its value is from 0 to 1. A value closer to 1 indicates that the signal is more random.
I had never heard of Hypatia, which is not surprising considering much of my education was based upon first century Christianity and important men of the past. I was surprised to learn this woman actually lived, but it only reaffirms what I have been learning about the surprisingly equal treatment women received within pagan many communities.
~It cannot contain excessive violence or gore. This is due to the school policies on blood and gore, so there are no ways around this.
~ I don't particularly care which celebrity was spotted drinking a particular brand of vodka on some red carpet somewhere...but it's nice of all those liquor brand reps to email me about it anyway.
Here are the steps:
The Wrong Man is a film that is often overshadowed by Hitchcock's more sweeping, larger than life movies, or his more stylish, lurid and sexy potboilers. But it's one that should be sought out by film lovers, especially lovers of crime drama and post-World War II era cinema in general. And certainly by fans of Alfred Hitchcock, who thought enough of the picture to open it with a personal introduction.
Across The Galaxy was my first completed full-length novel and I finished it in 2010 so... 28 years old. I ALWAYS feel the urge to go back and tweak it. It was my first completed MS and my writing has already come such a long way. Besides, your mistakes always shine brightest to you. Then again I get into moods where I feel that way about all of my books. I read a quote somewhere once that "publishing is what you do when you're tired of editing" which is so true. I could edit forever and ever and still not feel like a book is perfect. But at some point you've got to let go and get it out there.
“The Night of the Undead’ is just an average episode. The show has done horror elements etter in the past and will do so better in the future there aresome neat elements to the story, but not enough to make this one a classic.
Fucking Bourdain! Somehow he's made me want to go to freakin' Maine! There's a restaurant called Primo that looks phenomenal and a fucked up fish house owned by a lunatic that also looks amazing. Dammit! I ain't got time for this shit! Or money! I hate Bourdain!
I was like Carrie in Sex and the City.
I got 5 pies out of each circle of pie dough, without reusing the scraps to make more. I didn't know how well premade pie dough would hold up to that much kneading and rolling, but you could definitely do it and probably get 7 out of each circle.
If you want to go all you do is believe
I took this photo at the zoo last August and it's probably one of my fav's! I thought it looked really good with this Prima paper....
Remove from heat.
Basically, it's hard to move around in this part of the world without bumping into a bottled ale from this company at least once per day, their share of the domestic bottle market is easily as large as anyone else's. In fact, it often seems as though UK law actively prohibits supermarkets from opening their doors without having at least three Shepherd Neame titles on their shelves.
Amazingly, the judges picked out my bundle as one of the top ten! Excited! A lot!
September 1: The day I've been waiting for all summer.
Here’s a bunch of interesting facts that I just learnt from WFP (World Food Programme). As part of the article they make a big claim that “hunger is the single biggest solvable problem facing the world today” – the remarkable thing about this claim is that they say that hunger is “solvable”. You don’t really hear that too often, but it is exciting to hear this positive spin on the state of world, rather than the ‘doom and gloom’ that we often hear.
"What happened?"
Death to my hometown
**Beat egg whites and cream of tartar at high speed of an electric mixer 1 minute. Add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until stiff peaks form and sugar dissolves (2 to 4 minutes). Spread meringue over filling, sealing to edge of pastry. Bake at 325 deg. Fahrenheit for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden. Cool on a wire rack; chill. Garnish, if desired. Yield: one 9-inch pie.
Branches are generally encouraged to grow straight by using supports. Be sure the horizontal tree branches don’t shade each other and thus not receive the most amount of light and bear more fruit. Once your tree or trees are in their fourth year then you can consider improving their fruiting efficiency by opening up the branches. You can do this using a manual spreading device or you could connect one tree to another using ropes.
Now, get out your stamps and get crafty with the Pixies!!!! You have until Wednesday, Feb 15th at 7:00 PM EST to add your link below. A winner will be announced with the new challenge on Thursday, Feb 16th.
I think of these laws as derived from and for social interaction.
A week ago Sunday, Boo fell and hit her head on her bedrail (she's fine, after a run to the ER for some stitches that are already out and we've moved on to Mederma). It was not our first trip to the ER, but it was our first encounter with a head injury and blood. The injury itself and its aftermath knocked me off balance for the rest of the week. I instantly became a helicopter, trying to catch her before she falls again, making that cringing intake of breath sound every time she got too close to anything that wasn't soft. She's fearless, but evidently I felt it necessary to make up the difference.
Resulting disabilities can and will vary depending on stroke location and severity. After a stroke, brain cells die in the affected areas resulting to damaged or even lost neurons. Patients will often suffer physical disabilities such as partial loss of mobility or unilateral paralysis, sensory loss, language disorders, visual disorders, and even memory loss. The loss of ability to communicate verbally or comprehend speech is also possible. Level of recovery will vary from person to person. The faster a rehabilitation program is implemented, the better chance for recovery.
This scarred me. For life.
-Beaker
While we were examining cheap wired land line phones, a woman in her fifties came into the store in some distress. It took a while to make sense of her ravings, but eventually we realized that she had seen a chipmunk in our truck. Puzzled, my wife and I followed her outside, where she pointed at a chipmunk’s head . Actually, it was under the truck with its head pointing out through the grill under the hood. Indeed it looked very cute. It was obvious to us that one of the many chipmunks on our property on our five acres in the woods had crawled up into the engine and hitched a ride into town.
If I don’t face you directly There is meaning in the ways We heal each other everyday Beacon
as dust waits for the first
So you want an easy life? One in which every opportunity just appears even if it takes our whole lives waiting for the perfect one?
& finally....
Almost black, the beer has a lovely soft mouthfeel and the blend of malts have worked really well. I used up some malt that had been hanging around a while, so the grist consisted of pale, crystal, Munich, chocolate and Belgian aromatic malts. If I'd not overdone the gravity, the combination of hops would have shone through better, but there's still a nice low level of bitterness with a hint of sherbet lemon coming through.
Here are some great national and state resources to keep you informed and/or engaged.
In regards to the Gospel being expressed in a culture…
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Cold Hop British-Style Ale
6) Oatmeal. There's something about a filling meal of oatmeal...it helps me feel satisfied on a lot of levels. Joe eats the high fiber kind by Quaker Oats (little instant packages) and likes it just as much as the other instant flavors.
The results were . . . . . shall we say . . . . hilarious?
The poor dollar seems to take a beating wherever it goes. Many Americans are letting their European cousins visit them this year. Others are dusting off their campers. But there is good news. In Vietnam, the dollar’s value has increased over the last year. In fact, with an exchange rate of around 18,435 dong to the dollar, a $100 bill can make you an instant millionaire. The even better news is that it is an economical place to travel.
I've been meaning to get to this post for awhile.
Love the Farmer's Market food vendors. Sometimes, I get Thai food or a Pupusa or maybe a BBQ turkey leg to take home (there are also crepes, corn on the cob, seafood, sausages and bacon wrapped hot dogs). Of course, kettle corn is a must! Yesterday, I picked up the Corn Maiden pumkin, raisin and rum tamale with tomatillo sauce. Delicious!
This carved, wooden bowl was made by my neighbor and friend, Steve. He is so talented with all the amazing wooden creations he makes from fallen trees. It is neat to go and watch him work in his workshop.
We don't have a Lilo, but... meet 'Stitch.' (Bubba's new nickname for LadyBub). She fell out of a dining room chair last night when we were eating dinner and, well, we had to load up in the car and drive to the hospital.
They used the police car and the hijacked vehicle to escape. The Corolla was later found abandoned on a gravel road.
How do you, and Drik, manage to withstand the threats and pressure?
Since I have really light lashes, I like to dye them to not look like a cancer patient when not wearing makeup. My boyfriend is so nice that he puts the dye on and he's really good with it! I use black eyebrow/eyelash dye by Depend, it's called 40 Day Mascara.
These budgets can also roll over from month to month. For my career I have a certification that comes up every two years that’s quite a large sum. I can budget for that over a span of 12 or 24 months and then it doesn’t seem like such a large expenses.
I asked Arlo what he thought I could put on my blog today. He said “you think more about that blog than you do me.” It’s only slightly true.
During Joel’s life, one of my grandmothers also died, President Kennedy was assassinated, Lyndon Johnson became president, Lee Harvey Oswald was killed live on national TV, President Kennedy was buried, I first heard about the Boston strangler after he killed his eleventh victim, Roger Staubach won the Heisman trophy, we listened to the Singing Nun, the Beatles became a cultural phenomenon, John Wooden was coaching what turned out to be his first national championship team at U.C.L.A., I first heard of a young comedian named Bill Cosby who had released a comedy album with a routine about Noah’s ark, and a boxer we still called Cassius Clay became the world’s heavyweight champion. But Joel never knew any of that, it was beyond the realm of his concerns. Joel never learned to walk or talk, he never went to school, he never rode a bicycle, he didn’t win the Heisman trophy and he didn’t grow up to be president.
"What is with people around here lately?" He asked rhetorically. I looked up at the calendar.
“Ohh bad idea.”
So Louise and I make small talk as she surreptitiously pours her drink into mine, hoping I don't notice so it looks like she's drinking fast, trying to maintain a hard partying image even when she can't be bothered. Her first response to the BJ issue was crudely phrased - as you can imagine, when you are trying to explain complicated feelings to someone under the influence of Heineken and simplistic values, the last thing you want to hear is your entire relationship may come down to a question of carnal knowledge. You do want to believe it's special, you really do, and not driven by baser instincts. Louise is bored; I can see it in her eyes. She can probably tell I'm bored because I realise I've been looking at her crooked lipstick for hours on end without thinking properly about a word I've said. I could argue for hours with her about the nature of feelings, but it's easier to have a conversation about how to steal the audio off a YouTube clip and put it on your IPOD or some other ephemeral conversational topic. Our wounded comb overed victim bangs on the window in feeble middle class impotent rage, before turning and leaving. The pashing couple depart in separate cabs having had an argument about football, and the Italian waitress begins flicking the lights. Part of me wants to stay just to see how desperate they get to make us leave. Maybe someone will come out of the back with a broom and start sweeping or maybe they'll begin trying to make us all uncomfortable by talking loudly about us. Used to work at certain Grade 12 parties...
Step 1: Cleanse your face.
6) Moral absolutes exist.
"Did you clean your room?" This question came as Rachel sat down at the table.
The simplest is, make your sentences short. The easiest sentence to take in is only eight words long. A sensible average is 16 words. Any sentence of more than 32 words is hard to take in.
The bird zoomed up and down beyond the islands on which nesting Mute Swans and Black-headed Gulls were settled, rising and falling, and switching back to pick up some desirable morsel. I took many pictures and reviewing them, wingtips frequently twisted to reveal the dark lining even when the rest of the wing shows the whitish upperside.
Tuesdays are “The Teacher is Talking” and today marks #2 in a series of tips and ideas you can use for your noggin, from “The Winner’s Brain.” (that is, making it just a wee bit better than it was, say yesterday). Last week, I blogged on this topic,and a representative from Harvard University Press “found” the post and contacted me. She generously offered to send me a couple of copies of “The Winner’s Brain” (2010) for a lucky blog reader (or two) to win! You just never know what will come of your blogging. Details to follow on how to get one of those copies.
So, thank you, NaNoWriMo. Thank you, Chris Baty and Lindsay Grant. Thank you, Liverpool regional chapter.
To be holy is to be like God. To be a Christian is to be holy. But what does that mean? We read the word of God and search and ponder and wonder about that perfection of heart, and we see Christ. . . The Lord Jesus Christ. Have we left him as a babe in a manger? or a sacrifice on a cross? Or have we pulled back the curtains of our own human thinking and let the glorious beauty of his holiness penetrate our heart?
Keep living your life!
In an article in the Forward, December 7, 2009, "Uncertain Territory: Conservative Movement's Pioneering Gay Rabbinical Students Tread Carefully in Israel," two students from JTS are quoted about their nervousness at having to go to Schechter for their third year of rabbinical studies.
The emergency room was no help. When I got to the OBGYN a couple of days later they basically told me I was perimenopausal (perimenopausal is what you are in the time period before menopause. You are menopausal when you have had a whole year of no period).
10? Really?
1) Values which are always important… Honesty, Responsiblity, Respect, Creativity, Reputation and Profit.
Banks's UCB Ultimate Curry Beer, 500mls, still 5.3% abv, not bottle condition. Available at Aldi for £1.49.
Phoenix (CNN) - Rick Santorum offered no apologies for his comments on faith and morality in a speech to supporters Tuesday night after some of his remarks have come under increased scrutiny.
“Melaine and me Swimming”- Michael Andrews (1978-9)
Unless...there is no "outside the confines of the Island".
But the preacher is quoting God’s Word. He has the authority of Jesus Christ. He knows what he is talking about. His warning is not mere common sense; it is spiritual wisdom because it is from the Lord.
Store in bridal shops and designer retailers to locate a broad variety of cocktail attire at lower price ranges. If your dress demands alterations, use your neighborhood dry cleaner like a low-cost choice for tailoring. Purchase a shawl or pashmina make use of as an evening wrap or being an night coat choice. Follow the manufacturer's directions carefully when cleansing your red cocktail gown to increase the life of the garment and prevent discoloration.
Worship is more than a song or posture. As D.A. Carson says, “Christian worship is the response of God’s redeemed people to his self-revelation that exalts God’s glory in Christ in our minds, affections, and wills, in the power of the Holy Spirit.” It is that turn of focus from my agenda to his, seeing Christ made great in my thoughts, actions, feelings, etc.—to gaze on him through the details of life.
In my opinion, Barnes’ strength in this novel is how he very effectively gives each character their own distinctive voice – although the name appears before each passage, it is easy to recognise the person from their use of language and manner of speaking. The narration is very natural so that I was there with the character, as if having a cosy cup of coffee, and listening to their side of the story. It was like being a mutual friend who against their better judgement becomes the person in whom others confide.
Let's do a little word association...
Is Pliny the Younger all about the hype, "dear Diary"? Definitely not, it's a markedly good beer, and truly well-balanced for its size and hoppiness. Is it something people get crazy about? Sure, and Kate the Great, and Dark Lord, and all the other limited release beers people travel miles to get; sure they are. Is it bad that they do this? No, I don't think so. I wanted to ride that wave for a day and see what it was like. It was fun being in the East Coast city that gets the Younger, and it was fun being part of the excitement, and seeing how pumped everyone was.
“Q: WILL YOU PUBLISH ANYTHING?
The flour and yogurt dredged chicken came about as a quick meal solution for Indian soldiers during the 1965 Indo-Pak war.
Hope your Monday is painless!
-pencil
Each base card has a trivia question on the back, along with the players facsimile signature, another resemblance to the original 1953 Topps counterpart
Now I could never read War and Peace before I started browsing online so no great loss there and I am still able to read fairly involved texts and retain enough information so that I can write decent reviews on them, BUT (and it’s a big but which is why I wrote it in capitals) I can’t jump from one kind of reading to the other. I need to decelerate; cool off, have a bite to eat, watch a bit of TV, do the dishes, do something to change the way my mind has been working.
WITH A CAGOULE.
Too many are losing their homes.
It’s just a big ball of f*ckness. That’s a new word: f*ckness.--Snooki
Jesus loves the little children of the world
You could learn the strategy design and style in connection with Louis Vuitton Clutches from a The capital city way week that the combination of sorts of materials and colors is certainly using mother board.
· Studying the feasibility of adding more loading zones to lessen the impact of double parked delivery trucks.
What else would you like to see from the self-pub/indie community???
Great Divide Espresso Yeti
Varðeldur (6:08)
1. C. Stuani (Racing Santander): Age: 25 Gls: 8 – WGR: 1.44
105 Renegade Soundwave Positive I.D. (Ashley Beedle Saturday Night In Soho)
The main reason I attended, was to see guys that were there when I worked there. Old timers, many who had been there for years before my arrival. Not all of them made it, some I suspect may have had a health issue or maybe logistical problems. A few of the no-shows have retired and live out of state.
I feel like I'm tripping reading this stuff.
If you are just beginning or querying agents has beaten you down, start querying publishers. Keep sending out queries to agents, but focus on those publishers. You will increase your chances of success tenfold in the process!
alone, on a hill-side in the north, humming in the wind.
2 tablespoons of “how did i get this beer stain”
Both these days are infinitely more enjoyable if you remove all expectations from each day and simply enjoy whatever happens. I would go so far as to say limit your expectations for most of your personal choices for entertainment, vacations, etc. An unmanaged expectation can ruin a trip, and the resulting stress of the letdown can make you miss an even better experience.
May you have a peaceful, joy filled New Year.
Despite this weekend being crazy with the first day of the Winter Market (which went well, btw), one of my best friends from high school's wedding, and a banquet to celebrate the 200th Anniversary of the Battle of Tippecanoe (which was mandatory for Husband per Uncle Sam's orders) all on Saturday, we managed to get some shopping in up in Lafayette/ West Lafayette.
“It was the people who really shaped Brooklyn, because people took so much pride in their borough,” said Christina Valdez, a senior at Cobble Hill School of American Studies. “We didn’t just make Brooklyn a borough, we made it a legend. Everyone uses the Brooklyn name to promote stuff. It makes me proud to be a Brooklynite.”
The gardens range across Noe Valley, from 23rd Street to 30th, Hoffman to Dolores. Six are owner designed and maintained and three are professional gardens by Janet Moyer Landscaping, Michele Schaal and Shape of the Earth. Most are well established but one is brand new, showing you how to be realistic about where your new garden will start as well as what it can become. As in past years, profits go to beautifying Noe Valley. This year funds will be directed to improving the garden at Alvarado School and trimming the trees at Upper Douglass Dog Park. Past Garden Tour fundraising brought street trees and flower baskets to 24th St.
Woods and groves are thy dressing,
There have been a number of incidents in recent weeks, including a Spanish man who had to be restrained by counter-terrorism officers at Heathrow on Wednesday after bursting through security.The news follows reports passengers are forced to wait up to 90 minutes to clear passport control at Heathrow and increases pressure on Immigration Minister Damian Green to step in and address the problem.
The business publication division was the first to adopt a multimedia format to show how they reach readers beyond print circulation. And in March, the ABC board approved an updated Consolidated Media Report format for business publications, which will be available for June 2012-ending statements.
006 Purple Reign swatched in flash light.
My readers who visit the same pediatrician know how super-cautious he is, so this came as a bit of a surprise.
i also made these letters to spell out 'READ' as a gift for mama.
AND I LAY DOWN IN THE PALM OF HIS HAND
for "best dressed" tree.
A helicopter crashes. An airport is closed. Traffic blocks a highway. Are they related? Is it terrorism? Or something worse?
More people can be motivated by fear of bad luck than by reasons of good health.
Nautal Hue Bronzer (Ebony Bronze)
With that in mind today's topic is a German pressing (with a decidedly dated looking '65 Kinks on the sleeve) of a Kinks track that sadly never got an A-side release in the U.K.: "Dandy" (it was found in the U.K. on their "Face To Face" LP along with it's flip side "Party Line"), where it went to the #1 slot in late 1966. I first became aware of the track as a 10 year old on a cousin's yard sale score of their "A Kind Of Hush" U.S. LP before I even knew who Ray Davies or The Kinks were. To me the track seems to somehow epitomise the somewhat stereotypical lad about town in Swinging London (no doubt fueled by too many viewings of "Alfie" or even any host of U.K. film characters from "The Knack And How To Get It", "Blow Up" "The System" or even Micheal York's "Tom Swift" in "Smashing Time"). For a time many, many, many years ago, I somehow felt this was a personal anthem of sorts as I flitted around doing things with a rather gauche but gentlemanly manner. I often think that Ray wrote this about brother Dave who was being Jack The Lad while he was stuck in his prefab with a wife, a baby and one more on the way. It was not released, as we mentioned, on a U.K. single but it was an A-side in Germany, Belgium, Sweden and Holland, to name but a few.
To make the optional icing: Put the sugar in a small bowl and stir in maple syrup. Keep adding syrup a little at a time until you have an icing that falls easily from the tip of a spoon. Drizzle the icing over the top of the cake letting it slide down the curves of the cake in whatever pattern it makes. Let the cake stand until the icing dries, a matter of minutes, before slicing.
I've gone and done it. Made a twitter acount, that is. See those tweets to the right? Those are me! I created a twitter account because I realized that there are lots of small things that I want to share with y'all, but that never make it on to the blog. Like what? Like these awesome erasures from West Elm. Isn't is funny to imagine me pulling one of these bad boys out during class?
My question is: WATCHING a stream (not downloading) of a copyright product is legal even if the copyright is not paid? Do you know the answer? Being in doubt, I don’t link those websites: if you are curious, google them out.
2118.***E-I/31/2003. On the competing precedents of the 1938 Munich appeasement and the 1993 Waco showdown debacle. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-39.)
Dramatic shifts have happened before. In 1800, 90 percent of Americans were employed in agriculture. The figure was down to 41 percent by 1900 and stands at 2 percent today. People work, instead, in new industries that were unimaginable in the early 19th century. Such a transformation could happen again. Today’s information technologies, even as they may do short-term harm to some kinds of employees, are clearly a boon to entrepreneurs, who now have cheaper and more powerful tools at their disposal than at any other time in history. As jobs are lost, Brynjolfsson says, “we will be running an experiment on the economy to see if entrepreneurs invent new ways to be productive equally quickly.” As examples, he points to eBay and Amazon Marketplace, which together allow hundreds of thousands of people to make their living hawking items to customers around the world.
Couple?: Nope, it’s been emphatically denied by Rebecca.
I guess with Peter running for governor next season, we won’t see much of the workings of the State Attorney’s office, so they had to bring Cary back to Lockhart-Gardner. A little insensitive on Diane’s part, after all, Cary was involved in the grand jury proceedings against Will. Who would have thought Eli would be the one to spill the bean to Peter about Cary interviewing for a job at Lockhart-Gardner? Cary was careful to remind Alicia not to tell Peter, but he forgot Eli works there too. Love Will’s semi-disgusted expression when Howard backed him up about not hiring Cary – on the one hand, he’s on my side, on the other hand, his reason for agreeing with me is because he’s a HOMOPHOBE!
Overall, cheek pouches in cercopithecines are used for more than one function and most probably varied between different species. Whether it is for interspecies/intraspecies competition, predator risk and avoidance or resource distribution, cheek pouches provide an added advantage for survival and are probably the reason why they were selected.
The only way you can get natural warmth and at the same time decorate the inner or outer part of your apartment is by installing the modern fireplaces. Before you think of making an installation, you need to be aware of the dangers of having a fireplace.
When Larry and Ralph are being crucified in The Stand just as the Trashcan Man returns from the desert with the nuclear warhead he'd been sent to find.
Man....20 years.
Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., who represents a large portion of the Central Valley, is right to call for a congressional investigation “into the actions of Secretary Salazar and others at Interior in relation to California water policy. The recent U.S. District Court ruling, citing illegal actions and abuse of power on the part of Interior, must be addressed.”
So I say, way to go Terry. Thanks for the help.
Goodness knows what to do with it, but who wouldn't want a painted ostrich egg in their home?
Was it sand in her eye?
March 10th
And resting in the grave–performing the needed rest of Sabbath–fufilling the prophetic creation poem in Genesis 1–
right. He didn’t have a very good year in the minors only hitting at .219 clip
I think people create their own realities. People can force themselves into thinking one way or another and be completely convinced that their perception is the truth.
Brush with the egg/water wash.
It’s H’s birthday this month. No reason we can’t just go buy him a new computer? No he’d rather try to fix this one. He’s tired of losing all his photos, which happens each time we get a new computer. Some of his photos don’t get transferred. That’s the other problem, he has thousands of photos. I don’t know how big each one is, but according to the computer, he’s out of space. Maybe they can fix that problem too.
hopeful like the birds,
Yours in solidarity,
The whole day was a great success, I thought, but the highlight for me was the closing talk, by Sir Christopher Frayling, a man whose books and TV programmes I have admired since I was young. He spoke about pictorial representations of the Gothic in art and film, and it was flawless and fascinating. It was based in part on material first considered in his show Gothic Nightmares from 2006 at Tate Britain, still available in the show catalogue. It was a total fan-boy moment for me, as we traded folkloric aspects of the undead.
Summit Elevation: 3,490 m (11,450 feet)
shivering and reaching.
And now a couple of press releases from someone who’s doing something positive about the flu propaganda situation in America:
Next question in between dips in the cold water …”How can we get more big sizes for the teenagers this year?” A special fundraiser, maybe … or campaign … more “Asks?” How much can we “ask?” But we can never ask enough for these Big Kids as we refer to them – the tweens and teens who start at age 11 or 12 yrs old and often need adult sizes. As you can imagine most of the PJ drives bring us smaller sizes – and we can never have enough of these – but we are always so desperate for sizes 12 and into adults S,M, L and XL. These are the children all too often forgotten when boxes arrive at their group homes and shelters with nothing but small sizes. If you happen to see their eyes when they realize there’s nothing in there for them it will tear you up – scar your heart forever.
Of course the Queen’s Christmas Message was the highlight of the day for my grandmother who couldn’t get enough of what the Queen was wearing, how she was looking so good for her age, how she was speaking directly to each and every one of us although if you’d asked my nan after the event what the Queen had actually said I’m sure she wouldn’t have been able to tell you. Some bollocks about the Commonwealth I’m sure with pictures of black children far away, far away enough not to worry about being swamped in this country by non-whites. My dad, being a staunch anti-Royalist from birth, seethed as the Queen blared out at maximum volume. Meanwhile I was sitting there in my uncomfortable Christmas clothes of itchy polo-neck jumper, itchy tight-crotched trousers and too-tight oxblood shoes.
The groan's usually accompanied by a comment like this:
Despite following in her mother’s footsteps, Anansa’s relationship with her mother has always been fragile. With the arrival of her daughter Ava, Anansa wants to heal her strained relationship with her mother and agrees to move her family into Beverly’s home.
Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
and onto the main event...
For now take another look at central Texas radar site when it goes into flash mode, note the changes in operation mode in scale at the bottom and the call signs for program design.
“Disneyland Explorer” is a free app, available for download exclusively from the App Store on iPad.
Question of the week: What do you feel most passionate about?
Konditor is the German work for confectioner. And the confections on display include Scottish tablet – a particular favourite of Somewhere Else guide Adam.
A strange thing happened this year, The Glee Project, a reality show buried away on a tiny cable station that on the surface appeared like nothing more than a cash-in on the popularity of Glee, somehow managed to be far more entertaining than the show that inspired it. After Glee went completely off-the-rails in the second season The Glee Project came along and delivered everything that the mother-program had left behind; it was funny, it was heartwarming, it featured at least five songs an episode, it had consistent and likeable characters, and stories continued from one episode to the next, which isn’t something you can say about Glee these days. Strangest of all as the bitterly inconsistent and thoroughly nutty third season of Glee continues to disappoint it just serves as a reminder that at this point it’s easier and more rewarding to get emotionally invested in the next season of The Glee Project than it is to bother paying attention to the ins and outs of Glee.
Jennifer Lawrence does a great job as Katniss Everdean one of the coolest kick ass, vulnerable character, but the movie is so fast paced that the biggest part of the story, the Relationships between Katniss and the others is really not as fleshed out as it needed to be.
Donny Osmond- Puppy Love
We headed across town, inspired by the day’s good fortune and battle well-fought. I turned the radio up, closed my eyes and smiled a big crazy smile.
Finally, just last night, as I looked for answers OUTSIDE the Christian community- that seems for the most part to be covering sin, to my utter disgust, I came across a secular blog, that contained a post that really caught my attention. It was from a man who said he had traveled with Tom White in 10 countries and that he knew the stories were true. He apologized for his “bad English” and went on to say that he felt Tom shouldn’t have killed himself BUT his work with VOM would never be destroyed. I had the feeling this man was NOT A TROLL OR CRACKPOT, but that he KNEW SOMETHING!
Here’s my challenge: Get up fifteen minutes earlier tomorrow morning. It adds white space to your day, and your stress level will plummet.
(My word, the speaker has a whole floor to herself… well, of course, it is only fitting that the most powerful woman in America needs this kind of elbow room.) Sorry, there doesn’t seem to be a fax available.
I also get a rocking/glider chair with ottoman!
I trust and believe I will be well and this will send me down a new path to a more pain free life. Although at the moment I see a foggy long road ahead of me again.
It’s not like that at all
This very idea is touched on in the interview with Milk & Honey owner Jonothan Downey when he responds to a question about, what he perceives to be, the downsides of the current bar scene with: “The thing they fail at is being too much about themselves and not enough about their guest”.
Please stop by the rest of the Sweet Sunday Stampers blogs to see their creations - maybe they didn't flip the sketch like me?! Remember to link your card on Karen's blog if you can play along with us this week.
In most cases, a fraud defense will fall on an unwitting plaintiff, who will then have to scramble to either counter the assertion and/or prepare to assert its common law rights in and to a trademark.
"I discovered the secret of the Guiness widget! Anyone interested please email me before they try and kill me"
Ok so this beers good but ive got a beef with it... but I will get to that in a minute...
Immediately following the ruling, their barrister approached me outside the court and asked what I required to settle. Having not thought that far ahead – I hadn’t dared to believe I might win that round of my battle, so hadn’t given my next move any further thought – I declined to answer, asking her to contact me in writing.
two are made into one— outer
Just two months ago, in March, two women were tortured and murdered in a truly dreadful manner. Mrs. Allice Lotter (78) and her daughter Helen (57) of Allanridge in the Free State (South-Africa) were attacked with knives and pieces of glass. After the three terrorists cut the elderly women with their knives, broken glass was forced into their private parts. One of the women’s breasts were cut off, and anti-white slogans were “painted” (with the breasts) on the walls. Just months before that two other women tortured for hours on end with electric irons and boiling water before they too were killed.
That the woman was light is very true:
Heat the oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, carrots, and celery. Add the garlic, salt, and pepper and saute until all the vegetables are tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices. Simmer until the juices evaporate a little and the tomatoes break down, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add the lentils and mix to coat. Add the broth and stir. Add the thyme sprigs. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover and simmer over low heat until the lentils are almost tender, about 30 minutes.
Board 1 is an analysis of a typology called bang, translated to “room” in English, and it emerged in Seoul, South Korea. This typology embraced the changes in technology and provided the society with places such as PC cafes and later karaoke rooms, spas, and leisurely activities. So the typology that emerged from technological innovated transformed into a typology that accommodated the wants of the society by providing activities that were not normally done in the Korean home.
(but you could also use a sharp hole punch).
Wow, some fabulous entries into our last challenge!! Stay tuned for the Winners and Top 3. It's that time again here at Crafting When We Can Challenges for our new challenge. This time we are sponsored by the lovely Trace at Spesch Designer Stamps.
I wish I wouldn’t have to do this to make way for my desired future, and not be studying something the family likes for the next three to four years.
and, so we made the best of it and partied indoors.
Adapted from the first chapter of Scandalous: The Cross and Resurrection of Jesus, by D.A. Carson.
Larita is shunned by most of the Whittaker family (as even her babe-faced spouse proves too immature to defend her honour) but she does find an unlikely ally in the equally free-spirited, Mr. Whittaker (Colin Firth). He is a funny and likable character right from the get go despite being a former soldier who went AWOL on his family after the Great War ended, only to be dragged back to the mundane country no doubt kicking and screaming.
An oft-suggested, ever-controversial stock-transfer tax seems to be off the table. A smoke break to think about how much New York would make whenever shares change hands is not recommended; the state has the country’s highest cigarette tax, at $4.35 a pack.
It's hard for me (sometimes/often), to keep up with people's blogs and comment and be there for online friends who have been there for me.
It was busy but not bad. 2 year old nephew had a great time on the rides & my boys had some fun on the bumper cars & then over in the arcade. I even got a picture of me and my 2 sons. I think the older one is taller then me now.
As I'm nearing the home stretch, in the distance I see what must be Justin's doppelganger getting into a cab. Same mannerisms and everything. I am excited to get home and tell Justin that he has a twin in our neighborhood.
There are links to videos, like "Ethnic Studies in Arizona" on the PBS site. I encourage you to set aside ten minutes today to watch the video and then head over to the No History is Illegal website. Download the curriculum and start learning about the program. There's a lot to learn, and a lot to choose from if you only have an hour to give to supporting the program.
104 D*Note The Garden Of Earthly Delights (Ballistic Barrio Boom)
So there you go... that is what I am almost sure caused my candida to get way out of control.
The dubble CD can be ordered exclusively at the b2s merchandise store. Besides that, the CD will also be for sale at the event itself.
Dayton’s family is rich. And his values are rooted in the Bible – that old idea that those who are blessed have a responsibility to help those who have far less. His early adulthood experience of teaching in an impoverished inner-city school also informs his thinking. “Through no choice of our own, I was born into great wealth and they were born into this abject poverty. The injustice really seared my conscience,” Dayton told the Associated Press.
The main dig on the total footballing Dutch has always been that they play with style and, in the end, always lose with style. Since the 1960s when total football began, they’ve won one international trophy: the 1988 European Cup when Marco van Basten hit his famous goal against the Soviets (video below). Meanwhile, their German neighbors – who are known for grinding teams down methodically with a direct, physical style – have won six international trophies, three World Cups and three European Cups. Told this way, the Dutch national team is the Chicago Cubs of world soccer, the lovable losers who always find a way to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
Friday 27th April 2012. My friend is getting married on Friday! Yaaay! A close of an era!
When we last we left our heroes, they had been completely flummoxed by the Peruvian custom of being asked how would they like to cancel their take-out order from Pardo’s chicken.
St Peter’s Seminary by some people considered the most inventive and individual buildings in Scotland. The building is an stunning example of the post war modernist and brutalist architecture, learnt from buildings such as the Villa Savoye in Paris.
Yep this is an experience of a whole other order.
While he claims that he was framed?
Fully? Do we do that these days? I don’t think we even set our hope partially on the redeeming life that is promised to us and given to us by God through His Son, Jesus Christ. Not in the desires of our hearts and not in the actions of our daily lives. Maybe, and that’s a big maybe, we attempt that on Sundays with the words of our mouths…..just paying lip service to that hope that is mentioned in the Bible.
1 can (15 oz.) chickpeas, rinsed and drained
In August 1992 the military officers confronted President Bush and demanded he sign agreement that he would return the United States to constitutional law and ordered him to never use the term New World Order again. Bush pretended to cooperate but secretly planned to bring about the New World Order anyway by signing an Executive Order on December 25, 1992, that would have indefinitely closed all banks giving Bush an excuse to declare martial law.
These were better than any I've had before, with a thick sweet crust that demanded to be slowly savoured.
I ignored the matter for the present time, as I was in dire really need to respond specified important formal mails. I logged to the Outlook, nonetheless failed, a beastly blunder was flashing anytime, whenever I actually clicked to the “Send” control key. Now, I actually was clueless.
Still I am telling you if done properly animal print can take your style factor up a notch.
-rolling senton by Sheamus for a 2.
The last power surge killed a work computer and I'm hacking at a disabled system daily to save my business. Yikes.
Change Bug.
***Apply now at www.aceparking.com/careers and PER THE EMPLOYER, please email your name to pegner@arlingtonva.us for tracking purposes***
As I mentioned last week, I haven't been in the craft room much. I have been crocheting. You can see what I have created HERE.
In your day to day lives, if someone sees you, would they think that you radiated the love of God?
It also claimed that Najib had wanted to send the message that as prime minister, he was willing to work with the Opposition.
My passion: Writing
Every non-amateur blogger knows well that no matter how compelling and unique the content is, without any promotion it is almost impossible to reach a wide audience. So, creating a page for your blog in different social media is still the best cost free way to spread the word. Of course, Facebook and Twitter are always top choices, but once you have decided to attack a specific country, establishing a presence in a local social network could put your blog a step ahead of your competitors. Besides, you may be surprised to find that in some countries, a national social network is more popular than Facebook. For example, according to the “European Social Media Trends” survey carried out by
God that man is a good find.
Morello: That should keep Shaco players happy.
Cheese would vaporize at those temperatures.
I put on some leaves and small flowers because that's what I had left over:
All hospitals are also required to provide financial counselling upfront to help patients estimate their bills, he added.
Therefore, before you can comfortably call to schedule your appointments, ask for referrals, or start conversations with those who might be perfect for your business, you need to:
14-10-00 Form: 0600/P004/4003111P/116P11/035U005P/1PP-5U654
However, when I finally got to see her, I told her how she had made me feel and that I stopped eating properly for nearly a month. She wasn’t aware of my past nor meant what she had said in any bad way. It was just my eating disorder brain had gone ‘she’s telling you you’re fat’ and that ‘you should hate yourself’
Mujhse Shaadi Karogi (2004)
Gotta love Pinterest, there are so many cute ideas out there! (Follow me here) Tomorrow I'll be back with a post about my recent trip to NYC, and Friday I'll be sharing my pics from our recent trip to Napa...see ya then friends! Xoxo
4532 2453 3245......
The shootings all occurred in a three-mile area on the city's north side.
(I don't know why it looks so stretched out in this picture - other than because it's just a quick snapshot with my iphone - in person it's a much more normal shape around the middle where the ribbon is...)
This was intended to be wearable, but really it is just a muslin. I don't usually make muslins. Unless I intend them to be wearable. I did a few alterations. Same old square shoulder, lower back neckline that I always do. The bodice fits well. Darts are in the right place. I like the subtle sweetheart neckline.
Do you have a bed time routine? I definitely do. It’s a routine I’ve carefully honed over the years, and one which I seem to be adding to as I get older and more needs to be done to look after myself. I am by no means a beauty specialist when it comes to looking after my skin (I love face wipes- there, I’ve said it), but keeping my skin as moist and supple and nourished as possible is important to me. Especially before bed.
My good friend The General conveys news from the agricultural district concerning the jailing of a young man who gave some old slapper a dose.
6ish pm: Get home
First Ashley. She LOVES Chuck E Cheese. She makes a b-line for him every time when she first walks in the door. It doesn't matter if it's the robot Chuck E or the real guy walking around. In fact, after she gave a high-five to the real thing, she took off and did some sort of victory lap around the eating area. But now let me ask you, in my attempt to get a picture of her smiling face with Chuck E in the background, this was the best I could do. Is this not the creepiest picture ever? She looks like she's running in terror from some really creepy giant mouse! I think she was just jumping around (90 miles an hour - her usual speed) and it was at the same moment Chuck E looked this way out of the corner of his eye. Like I said...creepy!
In 2004 a small laneway in the CBD of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia got a major tourist boost when it was renamed AC/DC Lane in recognition of one of Australia’s greatest bands and also one time residents of my old hometown Melbourne. The street sign used to get stolen frequently!
This line-up of the band played a warm-up slot for Cheap Trick right before their debut album on Epic was released. It was a jam-packed performance and Jerome was wearing a pair of custom made, skintight leopard pants with nothing underneath. Unbeknownst to him, the entire front seam of his pants had split during one of their final songs. While the audience was pointing fingers and the band tried to gesture to him that he had “fallen out,” he didn’t notice until after they’d completed their set! Thinking he'd be the laughing stock of the city, Cheap Trick guitarist Rick Nielson assured him after the show that the incident would be talked about for years to come, and that's a good thing!
Dry on skin: I think the pomegranate dust might be throwing this off a bit. I’m still getting a bit of a plastic smell from this but I tried it right out of the mailbox so maybe it needs a bit of time to rest.
but not in the right way!
Community Share Association will become a huge movement empowering those individuals and communities who choose to become members to use their private land and homes to produce more food, to make delicious food products, as well as safe, effective herbal medicines and have access to a thriving marketplace where they can legally sell these products to other members.”
You will encounter the same slim cut lining and the same misleadingly flowy outer shape with the "Medallion Print dress." I am wearing an 8 but like the trail print, I'm sure the 10 would have had more room in the lining. Size up or wear squeezy hosiery. Also if you like this print but aren't a fan of the shape, it came in other silhouettes.
Any item capable of physically connecting to any one of the hundreds of thousands of EMV terminals around the world needed to be the size and shape of a credit card to properly make contact. So, unless your smart phone is the size and shape of a credit card, using a smart phone with EMV would be either impossible or prohibitively cumbersome.
On that same changing table, at 7 or 8 months, he spoke his first word, “bird.” I videotaped it for daddy at work so he would believe me. No worries there, because once Jack started talking, he never stopped. And spelling, and rearranging the letters of the alphabet forward and backward, and sounding things out—like the word “semaphore” in 3-year-old preschool. At the time, I had no idea what a semaphore was. Jack filled me in.
Same as my 2nd grader but modified to fit his ability
State: A little pissed that none of the boys showed up yet as I cleaned up the house, but otherwise waiting for the show
It’s reconnecting with your spouse as you realise you’re both on the same page. It’s a sea of Pixar jigsaw puzzles and Sonic the Hedgehog. It’s a wall of curious, immaculately crafted drawings. It’s watching him play, and realising that because you’ve caught it early, there’s a possibility that one day he might even be normal. And it’s realising, in the same breath, that you don’t care. Because he’s yours, this amazing person, this strange and conflicted creature with unfamiliar demons and a brain you can’t even pretend to examine, one that is more normal, perhaps, than that of a thousand other children who are worse-afflicted, but one that still confuses and perplexes you. He is yours, this child of the stars, this being with so much zest and potential, this person who lives on a different plane to you, but who perhaps sees things that you never could. He is yours, and you love him for who he is, and as he is, until the very end.
You shall not curse the deaf, nor put a stumbling block before the blind, but shall fear your God: I am the LORD.
The f/stop or aperture is really a measurement of how much light is passing through the lens. The f/stop value is really a ratio formed by dividing the focal length of the lens by the diameter of the aperture using the same unit of measurement (generally millimeters). Thus, for any lens, there is a maximum aperture that it supports. This is the number that is generally inscribed on a lens. For example, a 50mm f/1.8 or a 100-200mm f/4.5-5.6 zoom. This latter may seem confusing until you realize that at 100mm the maximum aperture is f/4.5 while at the limit of the zoom (200mm) the maximum aperture is actually f/5.6. In other words, the aperture value “creeps” along with the focal length when zoomed.
I can spit immediate thoughts out of my head instead of storing them up until I had enough to blog about
AMAZING DETECTIVE CASES in 1940
This one is a classic I’ve never done. Though I’m sure I’ll fall flat on my face a half dozen times, the Christmas spirit will cure my black eyes and bloody nose! It’s free if you have your own skates; you can also rent them for 5 euros. More info here.
So how can you know the difference between the strategic marketing consultant and the tactical marketing herbalist?
I just love this file and it makes a wonderful gift for so many reasons. I chose to make mine for Mother's Day and use my favorite colors for the papers to decorate. You Can find the file here http://www.creativekuts2.com/item_105/Box-Album.htm
When did you become an unschooler?
After thirteen months of rehab It looks like Liu Xiang could be fully recovered from his Achilles injury. If he is indeed 100% and back to normal, the 110 hurdles could give the sport another super rivalry to showcase.
Life is for living--not tomorrow, not when I grow up, not when I'm older, not when I'm retired. Life is for living now. Unschooling understands this. It takes responsibility for one's time on this earth.
our blood is blue and we would leave you never
Released February 2, 2012.
Student loans should not be connected to the government as they are now – they should be privatized. That way, taxpayers are not stuck with the bill if the person cannot make a career out of what they are studing. What is this person doing going abroad in India? What is she doing riding on Grayhounds? It makes no sense. If she had to go to a for-profit bank, then she would never get a student loan, because they know they would never get the money back. We have to have a system where people pay their own way, so that they can’t take risks with anyone else’s money but their own (or their loan guarantor’s). No taxpayer money should be available to them, and no taxpayer money should be given to subsidize universities, either – it just raises the cost of tuition. Once the number of students applying to the humanities is reduced because no loans are available, then tuition will come down for those who really intend to make a go of it.
Thought since I’d been getting these types of questions recently:
Nevertheless, something about trains -- possibly the freedom associated with getting on something that rapidly takes us away from where we are in a manner that defies turning around and going back at any point -- brings out a similar feeling in people. I know I feel it.
Michael Radich / what the snow said / 26-27
My husband says that he feels disconnected. I have felt that way for years. Completely disconnected. It’s funny how it now means something when it is he that feels that way.
After dinner we headed to Silverspot, our favorite theater, to see Larry Crowne. You know, the Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts movie. It was cute, nothing to write home about though. It made me miss school. I never thought I would say that!
Written by Rob Grant & Doug Naylor
He was probably here for class, not to tattle. We had been still best friends when I’d told him my plan to sneak in. That was five years ago. He wouldn’t remember something stupid like that, right? And if he’d were going to betray me, he would’ve said something by now. I was safe.
“And I have set sackcloth my garment” (ver. 11). Already before we have said something of the sackcloth, from whence there is this, “But I, when they were troubling Me, was covering myself with sackcloth, and was humbling My Soul in fasting. I have set sackcloth for My garment:” that is, have set against them My flesh, on which to spend their rage, I have concealed My divinity. “Sackcloth,” because mortal the flesh was: in order that by sin He might condemn sin in the flesh. “And I have set sackcloth my garment: and I have been made to them for a parable,” that is, for a derision. It is called a parable, whenever a comparison is made concerning some one, when he is evil spoken of. “So may this man perish,” for example, “as that man did,” is a parable: that is, a comparison and likeness in cursing. “I have been made to them,” then, “for a parable.”
6th Annual Double D. Ride – Participation Is FREE
So I got me a big ol' bag of weed
In a moment, we will hear the full citation in all its heroic detail. General Eisenhower once observed that when you hear a Medal of Honor citation, you practically assume that the man in question didn’t make it out alive. In fact, about 1 in 6 never did, and the other five, men just like you all here, probably didn’t expect to.
I hope y'all all had a fabulous Christmas and that you got everything you wanted! I definitely did. Everything I wanted and more. We even got about 5 inches of snow!! It was our first white Christmas! I swear though...snow just isn't as great as it used to be when it got us out of school. Now we have to worry about driving in it and getting to work or wherever. It's still beautiful to look at though. :)
and the weather so deliciously warm.
Share your original poetry, music, and writing!
7) What has been the role of neoclassical economic theory in undermining ideological support for full employment programs, for example vis-à-vis the “natural rate of unemployment” or “NAIRU” doctrines, and what is a proper theoretical/ideological response to these prevalent macroeconomic views?
The new university will soak generations of taxpayers for untold millions, while the expanded algebra program could have bred generations of new engineers. Florida Polytech has no faculty, no students, no buildings and no hope of academic accreditation for years. Yet Scott handed Sen. JD Alexander his expensive trophy by spinning off the University of South Florida’s Lakeland branch into a new university and committing more than $50 million over this year and next to this grand illusion. The governor ignored the advice of the Florida Council of 100, a prominent business group that urged a veto and argued the state cannot afford a 12th public university as it cuts $300 million in higher education spending.
But there was one big difference…
And he said to them, “Oh, how foolish you are! How slow of heart to believe all that the prophets spoke! Was it not necessary that the Messiah should suffer these things and enter into his glory?”
5/3- PCW Politics is War on P-SPAN- 2 Hours
Everyone had watched silently until Mandy grabbed a paper towel. She swept up the flakes and was about to put the towel in the garbage until she was stopped by Chris.
I think the reason I am so bored with this job is that is goes against everything that I love. It's completely void of any creativity and basically requires me to be a robot for 8 hours or more each day. It's the same thing day in and day out. I never really considered myself to be a creative person until I sat down and thought about who I really am. The things I love, my hobbies and what I want out of life and a career. In short, what makes me, well...me.
I love a ‘lived in’ house – He hated it – ’messy’ made him uncomfortable.
Now for my 8 questions:
That's fine I guess. We do live in a capitalist society and whatever sells wins.
17. twice- little dragon
With the aid of her loving grandmother and new friends, Aubrey learns that she is not alone, and gradually, she finds the words to express feelings that once seemed impossible to describe. The healing powers of friendship, love, and memory help Aubrey take her first steps toward the future.
I only told one friend that I was cutting my hair, L. I showed her a bunch of ideas and she agreed that I should go with Cassadee’s hair. My friends also have a tendency to flip whenever I announce that I’m getting a haircut (I was twelve, people. I’m not going that short for a really long time). She’s pretty chill about it whenever I get a haircut, as long as she knows I’m not going to shave it all off or something, and she and I think alike on this stuff.
I kept thinking I had something to learn from being with a man’s man. I had lessons as a woman he could teach me. And there were, but a relationship is so much more than even that. It’s fitting together habits, expectations, values, morals, likes, dislikes, routines, work schedules, and more and I have to reiterate that it is a MIRACLE to find someone you mesh with in middle age. People get set in their ways. We all do. And when we find we like different things it is hard to be flexible and change.
Omer is the man behind the international firm, Bocci. As founder and creative director he has been responsible for the creation of everything from the notable 2.4 Chair, the 22 Series Plug Socket, and even the medals for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic games (with Aboriginal artist, Corinne Hunt) in addition to the multitude of accessories, lighting furniture and objects available through Bocci. Most recently, Arbel has launched the 28 Series light fixtures, which is also not only the purpose of his journey to the island, but was also our first ever giveaway on the blog (which was quite a success, if I may say so myself). The firm has grown tremendously since its inception in 2005, and is now sold in over 20 countries and has a satellite office based in Berlin. Bocci products are quickly becoming a staple in interior designers and architects library.
-Deficiency of vitamin K may cause hemorrhages.
The “Concerto for orchestra” be Witold Lutoslawski is very difficult and complicated for musicians and conductor too – any way – we had really a lot of fun with working and making ART together.
As we’d all shared large chunks of our first chapters with each other in the class, we went around the room and discussed what we were intending to achieve in chapter 2. This type of discussion is almost like group therapy, your thoughts and motivations for writing shared with about 15 other people. It was also suggested that we hear some readings of our 2nd chapters next week too, so that should be interesting.
It’s a lovely day. She’s doing well. She’s thriving! I see her speaking with the servants. Her face lights up whenever she sees me. I love her, no matter where she came from.I don’t want her to leave.
You never need to carry more than you can hold,
agony. Rather, I want to be there with you, sharing in your grief. Help me, I
Level 1: MP Cost: 35, 24% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 8 seconds.
It’s important to draw a distinction here. There are plenty of beer styles around the world such as Belgian witbier and German Hefeweizen which are traditionally and authentically cloudy. If British brewers wish to take up these styles, or brew other types of beer that are intentionally cloudy, then fair enough, so long as the customer is told what to expect at the point of sale. Cloudy beers can stand or fall on their own merits in the marketplace.
dream bikini would be,
Professor Rashib: You are wasting my time. Here.
But in true Voice fashion, they don’t give it to us straight off the bat. No, first Season 1 alum Dia Frampton of Team Blake performed her single ‘Don’t Kick The Chair’ feat Kid Cudi. Dia looked lovely standing on a staircase decorated with chairs piled on top of each other. She did a really good job. This song is in heavy rotation on my ipod. I friggin love it. I like that we get to hear from Season 1 in this episode.
There's probably some sort of a lesson or a short story or an essay in here. Something in this idea of making random contact with someone, about how much we all have in common, or about how little we all have in common, or about how technology both brings us together and separates us.
Now, what’s my weirdest pet peeve? Hmmmm….
Philip Claeys (Vlaams Belang), Andreas Mölzer (FPÖ) and Fiorello Provera (Lega Nord) submitted a written declaration to the European Parliament to protest against the ongoing ‘farm attacks’ in South Africa, which have already led to the death of thousands of Boers – white South Africans.
We listen to our customers.
For some reason, I don’t have much introductory stuff to talk about this morning. Yesterday was a pretty average day. Christi’s day went okay, even though she got more responsibility thrown at her. My day was pretty good, definitely better than Monday and Tuesday.
But What’s for Lunch? isn’t that kind of book, and I’m not that kind of gal. I don’t offer lunch ideas, or finger wagging about what you should and should not feed children. I’m not a chef or a teacher. My interest is in helping kids reimagine a food system where everyone has access to good healthy food and the potential to make good choices about what to eat and (in the future) feed their families.
“I swear by the Almighty God to respect the country’s constitution, laws and Republican system, to look after the interests and freedoms of the people, to safeguard the homeland’s sovereignty, independence, freedom and to defend its territorial integrity and to act in order to achieve social justice and the unity of the Arab Nation”.
"It says 'no signal' " I was told. I couldn't believe that the transmitter was out so went expecting it to be a usage problem. I wasn't wrong - he had caught a button that had switched the TV to AVC1 and off the aerial. So why couldn't he fix it himself? Well... you call up the menu and it stays for a relatively short time - not enough to move your focus to the handset, search for a button, move your focus back to the screen find where you are supposed to be and start doing it. Not when you are 90+!
But one thing that almost ten years of experience has taught me, okay--one thing that research has taught me--is that reading aloud is one of the very best, super best, goodiest best things we can do for our kids. Why?
Time. Funny old thing. It seems to expand and contract depending on how busy, how motivated, how bored one is. Time has been a big thing for me these past six months. How long do I have left to live? How long until the treatment starts? How long until the next appointment/blood test/round of chemo? How long until they sign me off? So although I wasn't working and wasn't writing all that much either, my time was filled, the clock was ticking. I've turned the clock off now. No more chemotherapy. Blood tests are only every three months. I'm still alive and plan to stay that way for a very long time.
When the Russians when to war in 1853 in the Crimea – a peninsula jutting into the northern Black Sea – part of their justification was to protect the Ottoman Christians…. France and Sardinia, both Roman Catholic countries, joined the Ottoman Empire against Russia (The Burning Tigris, Pg 5).
Last night we went to my daughter's dance performance - she goes to a local School of the Arts - she did a great job and I was super proud of her. Unfortunately, when it was over, the thing she noticed the most was that her father, and his family chose not to attend. All the smiling, hugs and "attagirls" in the world couldn't put a smile on her face. She managed to make it home to the safety of her room, where she collapsed in a puddle on her bed. Heartbroken. Again. She'd been begging, calling, texting for weeks asking them (he, and his family) to please come. All the way up to the last minute, she had her hopes up, called and left messages. She got no answers. No messages to say sorry, or "I wish I could be there". Still behaving...but it's really, really hard.
I received a package today that was returned to me. I have always mailed to Michael, and this is the first package that has bounced back to me, I think it may have been the final package that I sent on, so hopefully no more will bounce back.
Here are a few moment's I've lived through with this blog-
Vera Farmiga’s directorial debut, HIGHER GROUND, depicts the landscape of a tight-knit spiritual community thrown off-kilter when one of their own begins to question her faith. Inspired by Carolyn S. Briggs’ memoir, “This Dark World” , the film tells the story of a thoughtful woman’s struggles with belief, love and trust. A woman who learns that no matter how many times she loses her footing, she has within herself all that’s necessary to get to a higher place.
When you say, "We ain't ever gonna die"
1 involve
I hope all of you that participated in this month’s pen pal had fun. I was so amazed at how much fun I had with it. I wasn’t really sure what to expect, but I am SO glad that I decided to do it.
Let me tell you something. When I first started my company in 2007, I was told by my 'mentor' that I was not ready, too young, not experienced... basically I was told that it wasn't a good idea. I remember that was tough to hear, but the truth is, we all have those moments in our life that we one day look back at. They make us stronger and actually push us to build mountains to climb. My advice to anyone thinking of taking a leap of faith (whether business related or personal), block out the noise and build a sea of mountains. Nothing of worth is easy to attain, so roll up your sleeves and just go for it.
And their doom comes swiftly.
Informed of this information the Nice Man turned on his heels and took flight back into his nice little Hansel and Gretel house, screaming to some unseen occupant, probably his equally roly-poly red cheeked wife, to call the minister. Party Time scooped Kimba up and put her over his shoulder. He came back in the house, took my keys of the hall table, then put her in the back seat of my motor. He sped of with a customary wheelspin, and I haven’t seen hide nor hair of the pair since…!
Merlin has always been an interesting show to watch because for the most part, I've never had a definitive favourite character but for the intent and purpose of this list, I weighed up all the main characters and ultimately found myself picking the title character. What can I say? Merlin the character has for the most part grown throughout the four series we've seen and continues to intrigue at every turn.
12. Karp - Connect 5
Well… this past weekend we did some wholesale grocery shopping and I ended up coming home with a bag of almost 20 heads of garlic. Of course I immediately had to turn the majority of them into the roasted garlic paste and then store the rest for every day use.
I went ahead and held my breath as I reached for the price tag, and then almost laughed in disbelief - it was on clearance for $10.97!
Our sponsor this week is Crafts and Me Stamps! The generous prize, to be given to a randomly selected entry, is THREE digi stamps of the winner's choice.
"An Estimate of the Dimensions of the Lake Champlain Monster from the Length of Adjacent Waves in the Mansi Photograph" Paul H. LeBlond, p. 54
However, this time I wanted something that I could whip together with ingredients that I already had on hand at home, so I settled on a chocolate banana marbled loaf. I switched up a few things and Banana Chocolate Swirl Muffins were born! The chocolate swirl adds just a hint of decadence to take the muffins to a new level of banana bready goodness. These have a nice presentation and are a welcome change of pace from the standard banana bread, without straying from the classic flavour too much.
Now onto finishing what I started when I left you last week, the directions for how I added the topper, plus 1-inch, to my premade drapery panels.
Milestones pass too fast at times to find the proper page.
1. Chicken sausage (all varieties), $1.99/lb. at Sunflower (through 2/9/11)
In this context, Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei disclosed, “The bloody actions being committed in Iraq, Pakistan and Iran are aimed at creating a division between the Shias and Sunnis…those who carry out these terrorist actions are directly or indirectly foreign agents.”
“With the creative industries contributing only 1.6 per cent of our country’s GDP (gross domestic product), I think it’s time to admit that Disney’s ‘X’ factor is missing here,” he said at the Putra Brand Awards ceremony last night.
After months of speculation, trade rumors, combine sensations and some of the most exciting athletes on the planet jockeying to improve their NFL futures, the 2012 NFL Draft is finally upon us. Tonight, from famed Radio City Music Hall in New York City, the first round likely will begin with little suspense.
It's been an interesting experiment.
ACTION NOW!
I went to see "The Bang Bang Club" at the V&A Waterfront. It opened with the following words written across the screen, giving the context for the film -
A reviewer said of Live Dead:
stooped down to pick up His cross. He stoops down to lift you up – no matter what
Anyone can wear a grandma sweater, but it's the grandPA cardigans that really keep you warm. They are especially nice when they cost $2.00 and have perhaps the tackiest color palette I've ever worn. Somehow I adore this piece despite it's flaws--and that, my friends, is unconditional love.
Both were jailed for five years and eight months on charges including abduction, sexual activity with a child and supplying drugs.
"Hippity Hoppity" Easters on it's way Blog Hop!
*20% off Bed, Bath & Beyond coupon
I've decided to bring my time with Signal Hill interiors to an end and start a new blog dedicated and named for the new house.
G’Vine Nouaison – 43.9%
The trick is to shoot the moon when it’s not too faint & not too bright! That time window is only about 20 minutes or so!
18-If you were an activist what would want to protest against?
2. I don’t like scarves.
Who hasn’t ever lost their temper and flamed out on someone? I certainly have. I’ve said some ill advised things in the ‘heat of battle’ and the problem with the internet is that it combines the immediacy of the moment with the long memory of written text. So those things I, or TAA say live on in infamy. The same could also be said of things that people like Rebecca Watson have said but those, apparently, are forgivable or laudable, no matter how offensive or stereotypical they are.
Judgejudy.com is currently undergoing a name and layout change. In the meantime, fun stories about poop and penises will be replaced by daily crap about some sick girl who wants attention.
I should kneel and rejoice
Yeah…
Professor Levin, who started his academic career as a professor in Yale after completing his PhD in economics there in 1974, said plainly that the resolution, especially the first part, was ‘objectionable’ and smacked of ‘moral superiority’.
Booked: Mark Sanderson and Sam Hewitt (both foul play)
After hanging up, the mournful conversation between PeyPey and Jeannie continued, via text messaging:
Where are the songs of Spring? Ay, where are they?
clutching a scarf that reflects the sky.
What does that mean for us writers, then? Mainly, it means it's back to business as usual. The key to success now is patience, perseverance, and concentrating on getting access to the big channels; newspaper reviews, major genre-specific interest mags and websites and, ultimately, Oprah. It's back to building up word of mouth one reader at a time. The chance for lightning-strike success is back down to the usual one-in-a-million (as opposed to the peak rate of maybe two in a million ;D).
Remember that the true function of the rotator cuff is dynamic stabilization and grip work has that effect on the shoulder. Starting with carries by the side (farmers walks) is an awesome place to start along good rowing technique, soft-tissue work for the pecs, lats, and cuff, and improving t-spine position. Find ways to maintain and improve a training effect even with the little nagging issues that many of us are plagued with.
All-Star and Hall-of-Fame autographs
There were many things I wanted to say like…
There is a good selection of pins and brooches, necklaces, earrings, and bracelets (including a couple charm bracelets). Here is the first bit I got photographed - just the tip of the iceberg (click to enlarge):
By a strange coincidence Pop Princess has been eating all her lunch and dinner and after notoriously being a fussy eater seems to have turned a corner and for the last few weeks I have been praising her so much when she looks at me so delighted and chimes "I've finished, look I've ate all my dinner!"
Fichtel, C. Perry, S. Gros-Louis, J. 2005. Alarm calls of white-faced capuchin monkeys: an acoustic analysis. Animal Behaviour 70(1): 165-176. doi: 10.1016/j.anbehav.2004.09.020.
I love the Milwaukee River. I want to see this river come back to life, year after year regaining health. I want to see no more poison seeping into the river, no more dams suffocating it, no more destruction of any kind. I want to see all of that destruction reversed and those who would commit abuse stopped and held accountable for their crimes against life.
James, P. D. Talking About Detective Fiction. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2009.
Defense Casualty Information Processing System. Electronic reporting system used to report and track casualties.
If you are hungry for more of God in your life and want to discover the discipline of fasting, Gregory’s book will show you the steps and provide recipes for you to try. It is exhaustive and informative and will help you through your 21-day journey. Having all of the information you need in one place will help you succeed and encounter God in a new and amazing way.
If I could give you diamonds
In 2008, a blogger was arrested and subsequently jailed for posting a similar racist remark on his blog:
Twine - from my garden shed!
Christ died for the wicked at a time when we were still powerless, and when we were enemies we were reconciled with God through the death of his Son.
All these jumbled thoughts in my mind the whole day! But they are connected and intertwined – that day of Monday 31 October 2005 and Monday 16 January 2012. Five years have passed but so many things have changed – for the better. The people, things, situations, circumstances… Ya Allah: Syukur for giving someone who was crushed and defeated what he has right now.
thought she was drunk and said to her,
Her: leaning in and whispering to me. "Mommy, I don't like all the old people. They really scare me."
Washington (CNN) — Another brick is falling from the Bush administration’s highly touted “virtual wall” that was intended to keep illegal immigrants from entering the United States.
9. Habeas Corpses 4.08 (39/61)
Kind of makes it hard to blame beer for a 25% rise in alcohol-related liver disease, no?
Let’s jump ahead a little to the Book of Acts. Just to set the stage, Christ had already been crucified, risen from the dead, and was wrapping up forty days of ministering about things pertaining to the kingdom of God. Jesus shares some important final words with the Apostles, “Now when He had spoken these things, while they watched, He was taken up, and a cloud received Him out of their sight” (Acts 1:9). Again, a cloud was used as an apparent door through which Christ entered as He ascended to Heaven to join the Father.
but, i will say, that with practice i found myself a thousand times more comfortable with the explosion of crying than i was with the pre-crying state of insatiability, frustration, fussiness and general unsettledness.
TG: Kowalski
News!
07. Wrecking Ball
- 1 tsp hot sauce
Author’s Note: Sally Lutz is an Account Manager at BlueSky Creative in Cincinnati, Ohio.
But no! They had to be 10,000 years ahead in tooth count!
At the Staples Center, Ian attempts to impersonate the Chipettes while singing Single Ladies. He is booed off by the crowd and taken away by security.
Welcome to Saturday StepXStep. Linda Coughlin here to share the steps I used to make this Easter Egg wall hanging/refrigerator magnet for my DT piece at Our Creative Corner this week. Our challenge theme there is 'In Your Easter Bonnet' and we were to use elements that would be on our Easter bonnet. Well, mine would definitely have FLOWERS. Hence I made a little flower patch of my rendition of that floral sign of spring - the crocus.
