The following Tuesday, Dragon Soul came out.
On my way home most days, I have to pass by a highway on-ramp that gets a ton of traffic come evening rush hour. Usually cars are lined up in the merge lane to get on it, and all too often, the impatient among us decide to get into the right non-merge lane and drive past all of the people who are waiting in line and then horn in at the last second just as the ramp splits off from the main road. As anyone who has waited patiently in line for several minutes only to have some jack-ass zip past and cut in can attest, there are few ways to be more selfish and disrespectful towards everyone else, and it's aggravating enough to make the Pope want to slap a nun, especially after a long day at work.
Before I dive in, I feel the need to state some things. First, I’m not going to tell people what went wrong with their query and 250. I have no intention of linking to anybody to say “I thought this one was fantastic” or “This one was really bad.” I’m not doing that. If you are absolutely dying to know where you are on the yes no maybe scale, I recommend reading them all for yourself and then trying to make a judgment call, and I’ll tell you why.
34Some dire misfortune follows close behind.
Melvin Ingram, DE/LB, South Carolina
Despite my few “rules” on festival survival, a festival truly is about enjoying friends, music, the outdoors and beer (in no particular order). So, really just have fun and who cares what you are doing. If you want to do a silly Irish jig – knock yourself out. I guarantee that most peole do not care what you are doing. If they do, so you give them a laugh. And, it’s a festival so there is undoubtedly someone somewhere doing something much more ridiculous looking than whatever weird dance move you’re trying out. In sum – get out there and bust a move, cut a rug, get low, shake your moneymaker, or whatever it is you do.
I cleaned him up and the rest of the time went well, but I felt like I was just waiting on pins and needles for some other horrible thing to happen, like a bee sting or a broken arm or possibly a tornado.
When he turned 12, everything changed.
1/3 kg of flour (if there was any)
“Three things can be done by those of us who are outside of Palestine. The first thing… Not only by the Palestinians, but also by the Syrians and the entire Arab and Islamic nation.
Spotify, I’ma let you finish, but piracy had the greatest yield of all time. Until I became addicted to music blogs that always had the freshest leaks, I was a slave to pop 40 top radio hits and whatever odd artists and songs my brother and sister liked. New songs would come to me in waves, depending mostly on whether TRL needed new music videos to premiere.
I feel blessed to be in their presence and welcome the healing, and I will use the lessons as I learn them.
Next up (24 hours later) Lips: (Part 1 upper lip... or bottom lip... haven't decided yet):
"Still beating," I told him.
Book Decription: It is the morning of Princess Cassandra’s sixteenth birthday. Everyone’s attention is focused on the heir to the vampire throne. World leaders, the rich and famous, and VIPs from every corner of the globe have gathered in the nation’s capital to celebrate the momentous event. Cassandra’s boyfriend, Daniel, is late for the party. He’s still outside the city when all hell breaks loose. What he believes is an act of terrorism proves to be a full-fledged revolution. Væmpires—former vampires who mutated into warm-blooded creatures with an insatiable hunger for cold blood—have launched coordinated attacks across the globe, with three goals: the eradication of humanity, the enslavement of vampires, and the ascension of væmpires as the dominant species on the planet. The vampire and human leaders are killed. Cassandra is missing. Daniel is the acting king. Desperate to find the princess, Daniel and his friends fight their way across the besieged city. With the hopes of the free world resting on the shoulders of four vampire teenagers, væmpires unleash their secret weapons: a new breed of væmpire that is far deadlier than any ever seen before. What can four teens do against an enemy that can shape-shift, fly, and walk through walls?
One fun memory we share is the time our Dad ran into the house and said he found gummi worms hiding outside under the dirt clods. We recently had part of our field tilled up and he went out one morning and hid gummi worms under the big dirt clods. We thought it was amazing that gummi worms were coming out of the ground! Now that we are older, Brittany has tried to recreate this experience for her kids, but she said that it needs to be a cooler morning and not in the middle of a hot day...the gummi worms melted. :)
If anyone does Saturday Centus you might somewhat remember this story started as a centus. In June of 2010, I wrote a few chapters on Mary and then stopped. I had so much to write about her, writing weekly for centus wasn't enough. I then wrote and wrote until I had over 30,000 words so far. In writing it though as I got further and further my original premise somehow got blown out of the water, ha, ha. I stopped writing her story in March of 2011. I still haven't quite figured out how I'm going to work this out but I thought I would put out what I have so far. Please remember this is a really rough draft and when I wrote it, I had no chapters. Before I decided to put this on the blog I had to go back and figure out where I could make them. I would suggest this is a terrible way of doing it lol. The
I’m loving our new house! There is plenty of space for us, guests, and room for any future family members ;-)
The mathematician turned Darwin critic says there is much to be learned about how life evolved on this planet. And he thinks the model of evolution accepted by the scientific community won’t be able to supply the answers. “I see this all disintegrating very quickly,” he said.”
Back in the parking lot, I checked a text that I had missed from Michael. "Target? You can get it if you promise to use it! Excited for bike rides with you."
tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon bacon drippings, and the salt in a food processor until finely ground. Firmly press 1 heaping teaspoon of the crumb mixture into each mini muffin liner. Bake until the crust is set, about 12 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a rack.
Prom: Directed by Joe Nussbaum; Starring a bunch of actors and actresses no one has ever heard of
At first glance, this dress didn't do much for me, but it was knee-length and nursing accessible, oh and it was $7.50 (you can't beat that!), so I tried it on. And loved it.
Stuff that weakens national security and endangers our men and women in the military not to mention every American citizen at broad or here at home.
“Do you have a wish?” the skull spoke.
over the past few months, i've noticed myself pinning and saving a number of images of siblings to my computer. the other day at the grocery store i witnessed a tiny "big" sister lovingly help her tiny brother open up a yogurt cup and then hug him (perhaps a little too claustrophobically for my liking) after handing him the cup. it was one of those moments where you just melt all over the floor...
But the growing dominance of Samsung and Apple points to challenges for other mobile phone manufacturers, which are struggling to make profitable headway in the smartphone market. HTC and BlackBerry-maker RIM, whose portfolios are both completely smartphone-based, both saw falling sales figures on an annual and sequential basis, even as the smartphone market itself grew by 42% year-on-year (though falling by 8% sequentially to 144.9m).
Cross it off the bucket list, baby. Go to the airport for no reason at all -- done.
"you are deeply connected to Christians who are safe and who want to grow with you."
By moving the filter from fully closed to fully open the sound gradually changes, and if you do this during a track, you get the classic filter sweeps so beloved of the rave generation.
If we were conspiracy theorists we’d wonder why the Peru government waited almost five months in revealing lab test results of the mass dolphin die-off of the northern coast of Peru?
06. Wang Wang Blues (Mueller-Busse-Johnson) 2:38
Jeans and T-shirt, or designer clothes? Designer clothes
10. Because I remember Reagan being shot. And my “healthy” childhood snacks included Space Food Sticks and Tang. And I had a Solid Gold lunch box. And I totally wanted to be Sabrina from Charlie’s Angels when I grew up. Or Marie Osmond.
Before Sam decided to join , she explained that Pedya Kamp have been encouraging volunteers and giving summer camps since 1991. Spearheaded by a group of doctors from Makati Medical Center, they have travelled to other parts of the country and even to the US as well to give and share the joys , of having not just a memorable summer but “of turning moments into memories, ” as well . Her instructor, who had been a volunteer since its first year had found it fulfilling and wanted to share that experience with my daughter.
Riddle Question: What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries?
Not counting the 3 I bought from Barnes & Noble in the dealer room:
As soon as I opened up The Rogue's Princess, I was lost. All of a sudden I was introduced to a completely new group of characters in a different period than in the other two Lacey novels. In fact, the strong religious themes and the lack of cohesion with the previous novels made Rogue's Princess feel like it was a completely different book that should stand on its own. The only connection with the previous novels is Kit's obscure relation to the family, and the brief appearance of some of the Lacey clan, but even that seemed forced.
Starting some hardcore training for the famous London Marathon in 5 months time, have entered myself into a dizzying amount of races beforehand and after to keep up the fitness! I shall be posting my thoughts, feelings, rants and pictures of the whole process one undergoes to complete such a distance. Throughout it all I am hoping to indulge in some Ballet and return to my Flamenco, as well as the odd yoga class. I am considering those as cross-training/stress relief!!
It had a more lucrative effect as well; for Edward Cooper happened to be the only son of industrialist Peter Cooper. Hewitt's bravery bonded him with the Cooper family, becoming lifelong friends with Edward and marrying Edward's sister Sarah.
taped in Stockholm before a live audience on
Let's get started. Step one? Mint oil.
At over 400 pages, this is not a short book. There is a rather long-winded section where Jaxom and his friends are exploring the Southern Continent and trying to solve the mystery of an erupted volcano, where in the Muse’s humble opinion about 100 pages could have been happily cut here without affecting the story. But this part is just as enjoyable to read as the rest, and worth it for the occasional gem such as when Jaxom finally gets it together with Sharra: “A warmth began in his belly, dispelling the cold… a warmth that had to do with Sharra’s lithe body against his, the scent of her long heavy hair in his nostrils as he kissed her, the pressure of her arms on the skin of his back. And her hands, flat against his waist, were not the hands of a healer but the hands of a lover…”
As I drove, I thought about how I wanted to touch base with my emotional support chain of command to tell them all about what had transpired, and to get their input. This is what I always do when something is happening in life- but for some reason though, today was different. Today, I realized that the advice I should have trusted more than any other was that little pang in my belly. Don’t get me wrong, I am grateful for the support I receive from family and friends, but what about my own advice? Somewhere along the way, many of us learn methods by which to silence that feeling within. When our gut tells us something isn’t right, we chalk it up to nervousness or anxiety. We tell ourselves to calm down and to be rational. If you’re like me, you want to give people the benefit of the doubt and you tell yourself you’re making a compromise for the greater good. Think about it for a minute- where has this gotten you? Amongst other things, it keeps people in relationships they don’t want to be a part of, at jobs they don’t enjoy, biting back words that so badly need to be said and most importantly, it keeps people from being truly happy with themselves.
Mostly because I have effectively stopped practicing, as of 4 years ago. The increased visibility on my faith in college and the necessity I felt to be an "ambassador" of Wicca really burned me out and introduced me to more negative examples of the faith and its followers than I could process. It all led me to change my identification (from specifically Wiccan to the more-general Pagan) and to stop being so open about my beliefs in general.
I am excited about my flowers and have a good deal more to plant and thanks to sites like Pinterest, I have a ton of neat ways to create planters. I am looking forward to the season and love that New Mexico has such a wonderful growing season!
04. Edenbridge - Shine (Single Edit)
-an international reputation where allies no longer trust America as a financial symbol or as a beacon of goodness
DramaQueen told him that at school last week, they had to list things they are confident about.....and she told the teacher she was confident that her parents would never get a divorce.
Now, when I first started to climb out of my shell (another analogy to reptiles... did ya notice?) this spring, I found I had totally lost touch with my muse. So, in order to shake things up a bit (imagine lots of dust being shaken from my poor muse), I went back to a technique I haven't played with for a loooong time...
And a weird wonderful thing happened this morning while I was putting this post together. Out of the corner of my ear I heard a teaser on the Today show, and there she was, Susanna Salk doing a fab segment about the book!
To qualify, for the scholarship, a student must claim foreign citizenship.
“I’m not even gay,” I said.
“Le llevamos a casa, si quiere. We can take you home, if you would like.”
Diagnosis of Ectopic Pregnancy
But there’s nothing in the way of expressing gratitude. There’s a simple exercise from positive psychology called keeping a gratitude journal. You get a little notebook, keep it by your bed; during the day, make mental notes of things you have to be grateful for, jot them down when you go to bed. Doing that for one week can cause improvement of mood for up to six months. And that’s pretty dramatic.”
It would be easy here to tap into personality stereotypes and suggest that maybe the 21st chromosome has something to do with right-brain dominance but instead I am going to go with personal observation. I have three children with Down syndrome, all biologically unrelated, and guess what? They all favor their left hand. The oldest is 5 and the youngest is 2, so none have completely settled on which hand it will be but for now they lean left.
I’m not doing any kind of in-depth analysis, either, since I haven’t had more than a taste or two of his stuff, but a lot of it seems to have a sort of Oh, yeah? tone to it, a kind of manly defiance that reminds me a bit of Ernest Hemingway, for some reason:
A Dr's visit.
To me, Puppa was larger than life – he wore Brut cologne, farmed his entire working life, fished and hunted like a “real man” in the Midwest would, and ate headcheese and liverwurst (ewww). My memory is flooded with treasures from my childhood; this is the man who taught me how to bait a fish hook (and get a fish off the hook, once caught), climb up on a tractor to ride beside him, play cribbage, and to open a glass bottle of Sun-Drop with a bottle opener. I could go on and on – like any good granddaughter – but I’ll keep those memories as seeds to plant for the Mini’s, or if nothing else, for a day when I’m a little more awake, and it’s a little earlier. Memories that they may lose (or have never experienced) like how Puppa always had a teeny Tupperware container in his shirt pocket for them, with just two jelly beans or marshmallows in for them, or how on birthdays, he had a special card just for the birthday kid with exactly the number of crumpled dollar bills as years old you were turning, the envelope and card addressed in his loopy writing… his love of Diet Sun-Drop – but *only* in the old glass bottles, not in cans, and not in the ‘new’ glass bottles. And the dimes – always the dimes…
My ass is bootylicious.
I am the mountain, I am the sea. Why won't you give your money to me?
An advisory panel bearing the name of a wrongfully convicted inmate from Fort Worth is apparently leaning against recommending the creation of a state innocence commission amid concerns that it would create a new bureaucracy and duplicate work already being performed in Texas law schools.
For example you can look like a celebrity if only you buy whatever cleanser, makeup, wrinkle cream, etc. that they’re endorsing. They’ve each discovered a revolutionary way to make your skin absolutely glow and get rid of those pesky crow’s feet around your eyes. Usually using some exotic plant extract that can only be found in the Amazon or the juice from some fruit that only grows in some obscure valley in Europe.
From the day I started the blog, I just wanted to write about sex in a way that I wouldn’t be able to write about in my books ( that’s Little Black Book by Mr Oh via Amazon and all good online retailers – FYI)
Jacques-Andre Boiffard (2 books, 1929, 1930)
When I read the summary of Kyo Kara Maoh!, I was seriously expecting not to like it. I was sure that it was going to be a show that I would drop before I made it to episode 20. I was so wrong!
Screenwriting 101: The Essential Craft of Feature Film Writing by Neill Hicks was a far more entertaining and informative read… and I appreciate the fact he admitted upfront that his style of screenwriting might not work for everyone, and that you shouldn’t take everything he says as gospel. Because the sad truth of it is that there really is no exact, universally accepted standard for how a screenplay should be written… even the size and spacing of the Courier font used by different screenwriting programmes seems to vary! Bizarrely, I downloaded a sample script from the BBC writersroom website t’other day (for Tamara Drewe, in case you were curious) and found that all of its scene headings were written “EXT. DAY. STONEFIELD – THE GROUNDS”… even though everyone knows that the “DAY” bit should always go at the end of the scene heading (i.e., “EXT. STONEFIELD – THE GROUNDS — DAY”). I always assumed that rule was sacrosanct… but apparently not!
'A' and 'I' have alerady been taking, and there are letters that already sound
The official name is "Facets of Kaffe"
I sometimes want to recant on my coexist/why can’t we all get along position. If Fundamentalist Christians and Fundamentalist Muslims started getting along, all Hell would break loose. My God, they would be collectively unbearable, always up to some kind of bull shit together. Burning American flags because of Homos in the Military, then burning witches when they get bored with that. Running around in Africa, converting everyone and everything they get their hands on. Gay Prostitution would be the wealthiest industry in the country. There would be houses full of hustlers everywhere, advertisements for them underneath McDonalds Billboards. God Bless America!
Principle #2 - Gifting: "Burning Man is devoted to acts of gift giving. The value of a gift is unconditional. Gifting does not contemplate a return or an exchange for something of equal value."
“Imam Hussain’s (A.S.) sacrifice is for all groups and communities, an example of the path of rightousness.”
Pour colorier mon image, j'ai utilisé les couleurs du papier certes mais je me suis aussi fortement inspirée de mon amie Jane. Il y a peu, elle a colorisé des champignons à la perfection comme tout ce qu'elle colorie, et dans des tons que j'ai trouvé très beaux et qui m'ont inspirée. J'ai utilisé les Copics E13, 15, 17, 19, 27, 29, 40, 41, 43 (pour le chapeau) et YG91, 95, 97 (pantalon et sol).
I hope that this new year is treating you al very well!?.
TAAAADAAAAA
Rinse the greens and steam them for 3 minutes (it's nice for them to be a little harder than what you'd normally eat since they're baking anyway). When cool, chop finely.
Happy Monday Bloggie Friends,
You can still send your photos and video links that you want posted to this site to the Daily Gun Pictures email at - dailygunpictures@yahoo.com
In the anime, Ash had a Larvitar that hatched from an egg. That Larvitar was emotionally scarred, and would not open to people or other Pokemon. But despite its sprite looking grumpy all the time, the Larvitar in the anime did eventually smile, which looks sort of strange I think.
Another excellent site to check out is this one. This site gives preparedness advice for us humans as well as our pets. They have a 12 item checklist for pets that I'm posting here.
Yes, on purpose. Because the title was dark and ironic and apropos. At first, it was almost like punishment. Then, I actually started laughing — Buster cracks me up, especially when he fights with Annyoung.
Hope you haven't already fallen asleep with boredom and will bear with me as I tackle this new project. By-the-way, did I tell you that I'm technologically challenged? Well, yes I am, but I can learn! Hope you enjoy.
we visited the idaho falls temple. where we were going to be married!
Selangor State Advisory Committee on Unity member Sanggat Singh Peshi said students had 10 years in school to be influenced by interfaith harmony.
Jim's own head; a grim decapitee.
I believe in freedom and capitalism, Rick. You published a book bluntly and explicitly condemning them. Probably had to do with your hatred of those smart and edjurmacated (since I assume his devote followers don’t have the education to pronounce words properly) Protestants who wrote the Declaration and Constitution. (I would also bring up that Ann Coulter points out that you don’t know anything about the Constitution. In fact you may know less about it than Obama.)
Act 20:4 And there accompanied him into (same word) Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Barry started running in the winter of 2010/2011. He was training for the 2011 BMO Vancouver Half Marathon. I was inspired watching him train. I watched him get faster, stronger, and I got to celebrate with him as he reached personal best marks with distance and time. He looked amazing and was (and still is) so happy. While he was training, we decided to sign up for a 10k run together that fell 1 month after Vancouver. I didn’t think I had to train to run a 10k. I clearly did not have a true understanding of the sport. Thankfully, Barry’s persistent encouragement for me to at least train a little bit paid off.
I love the Lulu stamps, I think it’s the expression on her face, and her oversized shoes that makes me love them so much!
Paula said...
Epoch Times: What sort of disruption have we seen to the Party’s rule recently?
Here's what the whole kit looks like:
Article 45: These Rules will take effect from 15 June 2009. The "Copyright Administrative Punishment Implementation Rules ", promulgated by the National Copyright Administration will be abolished at the same time, if these Rules should contradict with other relevant regulations promulgated before the implementation of these Rules, these Rules should be carried out.
dried cranberries
Why it’s important: Advisors who find ways of making the risk personal will find that consumers are more likely to take steps to protect their financial security. Ask whether your client knows anyone with a common condition such as back pain, heart disease, or depression, to get consumers thinking about disability protection. .
Broaden that out to my whole presence on Twitter and you will see that I am primarily trying to entertain people and bring people to my blog. I enjoy the challenge of trying to be funny inside 140 characters. If I can make people’s day a little brighter, then I’m happy. The effort I put into the work is considerable, the reward only spiritual, yet it is, nevertheless, a reward.
Under interim manager Roberto Di Matteo, the Blues have accomplished the following seemingly impossible feats:
with WHB#321 in subject line and the following details:
It occurred to me that one area that might require some explanation (sadly) is some definition of what we’re even talking about when we do this work. This particular series of posts will be devoted to explaining the variety arts. Why is such a thing necessary? I’ll tell yer:
In 2008 Kelvin Sampson resigned in disgrace from the fallen monument that had once been Bobby Knight’s Indiana Hoosier basketball program. Sampson had broken so many NCAA rules it was impossible to see IU into the future. The sanctions were harsh, the infractions stunning since Sampson was already on-watch for offenses committed while at Oklahoma. Among them, public reprimand and censure, 3 years probation through 2011, a 5 year show-cause order which included severe recruiting restrictions, and a reduction of basketball scholarships. There were several more and short of the feared “death penalty” Indiana Basketball had been banished to the Stone Age.
Romans 14:17-18 “For the kingdom of God is not a matter of eating and drinking, but of righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit, because anyone who serves Christ in this way is pleasing to God and approved by men”.
698. Dinner @ Kraftwork (Philadelphia, PA) 7:23p.m.
Talking of relationships reminds me of some very beautiful ones that I share with some very precious people in my life. Some are just memories as either the other person is no more or they have moved on to different cities and different arms but the warmth remains.
Christmas hexipuffs.
Saturday morning, it was time for long run #2 of Madrid Training so I headed to Central Park for an easy 9 miles. This week's long run felt so much better than last week's...mostly because I bumped into Emily at Mile 4 and she finished my run with me. Long runs go by so much faster when you have a friend to run with! And as much as I hate snow, it was so pretty running on the Reservoir and seeing little snow flurries falling from the sky.
* Low-rise development (4-storey only)
With haste, I talked with my husband about what had happened and why all these problems are in the book! We realized our mistake, pulled down the wrong version, re-edited the book, and republished it back up online with all those problems ironed out.
His body was found nine floors below the commission’s office on the 14th floor of the building at 1.30pm.
Ty for looking:)
I can't think of one. The closest I can come up with is Esther. Her challenge from Mordecia was to gain political power to save the people of Israel. While this could be seen as a move to become political for a godly goal, the fact is that Esther didn't do what was popular. She stuck her neck out in great risk of becoming unpopular with the king. The fact that it worked was a blessing from God because of her obedience.
“Lum, you been running the weekly for awhile now.”
Now on to the blog award rules...
We didn’t have a huge party to worry about, so we able to relax and focus on the ceremony and the commitment we were making to each other. That was definitely the best part. We also had a four-hour lunch at Zuni Café after the ceremony (we didn't even make a reservation, we just walked in & they were so excited that we just dropped in after getting married, guess that's not exactly typical!). The lunch was just us and our photographers (Laura & Bill of eLLe PHOTOGRAPHY) & it was the perfect start to our married life.
WELKOM, South Africa, May 23 2009 -- This is Thabong area police captain Matsietsi Helepi, who arrested a local grandmother for the alleged murder of her granddaughter. Helepi is showing off the evidence bag containing an African walking stick, (kierie) which was allegedly used to beat to death an eight-year-old girl. Police were informed about the murder by a family friend only after the child had already been taken to the local private mortuary and funeral arrangements were being made.
Anyway, it may all work out. They agreed to postpone the wedding until Jan. 21st so everyone can attend. And they also met with an attorney yesterday to sort out a pre-nup. He's 87 and she's 88. I want them to enjoy the years they have left and keep each other company. I want to be happy about this. I'm trying.
Oh, and thank god, NO MORE STUPID INVITATIONS! :D You know, those red enveloppes bouncing above your head…? I hated those.
So this month, we're laying low, being a bit more cautious for the sake of protecting our hearts. It's not that I've lost my optimism, I haven't. But I do think that you need to go into "self preservation" mode every now and then to protect yourself and give yourself time to rest and recover. And in the meantime, if God wants us to get pregnant, we will. We trust that with all of our hearts.
While I was attending the information session, Jeremy wandered over the the athletic center and found the men’s soccer coach. Although Dan was not expecting Jeremy (oops!) they had a nice chat and Jeremy was invited to observe practice later in the afternoon. To kill time, we window-shopped in lovely and very cool Lancaster, a real draw for F&M. On the weekends, Lancaster has the oldest public (farmer’s) market in the country!
1/4 cup powdered sugar (or more, if you want it sweeter)
Finished up a class on pattern making for soft home furnishings at Sew L.A. last night. I almost finished a dust cover for my rice cooker. We were supposed to make covers for our sewing machines but Michelle was doing that and I don't have a stand mixer. I made some mistakes in my pattern; one piece was longer than the other. And I it took me three tries to sew a curve and I have problems remembering to put the presser foot down. Time to start practicing.
Do you know what the difference is between flying and falling? There is a term in aviation that is used to reference the pitch of the airplane. The term is used to control whether the plane is climbing or dropping. Ironically the term is attitude. By adjusting the airplanes attitude you can determine whether the plane is climbing or dropping. The same can be said about the attitude of a salesperson.
Write to: editor@thesouthafrican.com or leave your comment below.
Narration: This is where the Writing With Ease books shine. Each lesson includes an except of a quality story, followed by about ten comprehension questions. The kids are taught to answer in complete sentences, and once those questions are done, the kids are asked to summarize the story in about three sentences. It's really, really good practice for skills they'll use their whole lives.
I have been having a hard time getting my act together with most forms of art but this one is just the best for me any way. I try to play around with lino cuts and I love all the things she uses, feathers, seed heads, rocks, sea weed and this has given me in a few minutes of looking at it so much inspiration.
The Queen also has the power to fire a PM, and if ever one deserved it, for a myriad reasons, Cameron does, but clearly she’s not going to.
The best candidate for medical therapy is the woman who is asymptomatic, motivated, and compliant, with.
Tomato – 2
Both of the above dishes were from the Aquarium’s restaurant and were pretty good. We were impressed by how good they actually were. They were right up there with our faves from McCormick and Schmick’s and Lucky Oyster.
Bryant
6:30-7:15 Int Tap (Pre/Teen)
We are able to move in on Monday, the 16th. We're so excited! The only downfall would be that all of our belongings are still in Salinas. Actually, all of our belongings are being packed up the same day we move into our apt, and will take around 10-14 days to get here. Bummer right?
I love the big family dinner on Christmas Eve at our house.
THAT FUCKING HAPPENED
So, everything went really normal after those superstitions. Now, what I want to talk about is my hometown. I live in a big agricultural town of Maddela in the province of Quirino. If ever there is one thing here that I want us to have, that thing would be night life. It is crazy. Although this is my hometown, I’ve lived in another places to study and all of them have the thing called ‘night life’. The thing here is people here eat at 7, close stores at 8, then they sleep at 9. Actually, my mom is often mad at me for sleeping at 11:30 pm. These people should learn that the moon is not a monster and that 12 midnight is not really late. However, there isn’t really anything here that I can go to at night so I think it is quite appropriate for a small town not to have night life and I don’t really have friends here to hang out with.
Disclaimer: This is not the Cops and Robbers game where you wink at each other. Involves lots of running.
Anybody can see that under ANC/Communist rule, the crime will not get better. Electricity, roads and other infrastructure are only sliding backwards into the abyss. Housing and jobs for the poor masses will never be created. Only the totally naïve and stupid believes the promises and lies of the ANC.
The French don't like flighty employees. “Duh, who does?” you’re saying. I know, I know. But in the US, at least in my case, it was better tolerated. Almost all my interviews here had a “Wow, you’ve changed jobs a lot” moment and my American bosses never seemed to blink at that fact. Stability is a huge asset, and if you move around too much, you're risking your rep’.
Being is New York has always felt good to me. It doesn't scare me, or intimidate me. If anything that town leaves me feeling energetic--like im stuck in a pack of people running at full speed. Keep up or get trampled and left behind. Being out on the street can feels like being in the kitchen. It's beautiful. Despite a nagging feeling the first day that I was "cheating" on San Francisco, I came to appreciate New York for what it is. And through that, I started to miss SF. Waking up on our last day, with a hangover that made me want to drown myself in the fountain at Washington Square Park, I said a quiet goodbye to the city. This was the note I typed on the way home.
2. I will review your product if it's suitable for my website. You will need to supply me with a sample product so I can adequately evaulate it. Your product cannot be returned. My readers respond well to giveaways. If you'd like to do a giveaway, simply let me know how many items you will be giving away. I'll talk about the giveaway on my blog, choose a winner, and get their shipping address(es) so you can direct ship their product(s).
GS Marlene 3:02 PM: Her makeup must have been applied with a spatula.
Angel
Let your heart be light
Celerytree.com: Hoping for growth so I can hang out there more.
Mrs. Rivers was taken by paramedics to Hamilton General Hospital, the destination for all adult trauma injuries. The trip took 11 minutes, passing McMaster University Medical Centre on the way, arriving at the hospital at 12:09 p.m. Hamilton Emergency Medical Services reported no delay in getting Mrs. Rivers to the trauma team.
While angels sang to lowly shepherds
I’ve written about it before, but wanted to just write something practical today for those of you out there with your noses at the grindstone (farmer or financier).
This past Saturday we all gathered in promise to each other that everything would be alright and that healing could begin. The tears shed anywhere and everywhere were cleansing, washing out the confusion and sadness and anger. The hugs to anyone and everyone were mollifying, quenching fears and loneliness. Numbers were exchanged. Emails were written down. Promises were made. Love was given. Love was felt. And love was accepted.
I do a lot of research for all my books, for me it’s half the fun. Firstly, they all have some historical aspect to them and they’re set in real locations, I need to get those right. Book 2, Dark Goddess, is set in Russia so I spent a week in Moscow because I knew a large part of the story would happen there. I read up on Russian history to get a few ideas, visited the museums and read some of their literature (The Master and the Margerita by Bulgakov is awesome).
I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention the Tower of London’s resident ravens. The Tower was once their hunting ground because it had fresh prisoners’ corpses to feed upon. Rather than being chased off, the ravens were allowed to stay. A legend, allegedly harking back to King Charles II, warns that if the Tower’s ravens are lost or fly away, the kingdom will fall. Six ravens and one reserve are kept in the Tower at all times to protect it and the Crown. Apparently they are even enlisted as soldiers of the kingdom and can be dismissed for unsatisfactory behaviour. The flight feathers of one wing are clipped to keep the ravens from absconding, but aside from this, these celebrity ravens seem royally treated. According to the Tower’s Ravenmaster, they are not only fed on fresh fruit and cheese, and the choicest meats from Smithfield Market, but on occasional road-kill and biscuits soaked in meat blood.
Kim Hyun Joong’s full interview with Yahoo! will be unveiled early May through ‘Yahoo! Celeb’, and the singer is currently preparing for his ‘Kim Hyun Joong Fan Meeting Tour 2012‘, which will kick off this May as well.
11. Hansie Cronje, cricketer (1969–2002)
“They refused to perform the functions for which they were elected,” Ciampoli said before the press event. “As an elected official, you are supposed to vote and decide issues on their merits, not on unrelated matters that you want, to enrich yourselves, increase your political power and enhance your own districts and political chances. It’s an improper or illegal quid pro quo.”
After that, it's Austin TX for the big book festival on October 2nd. Anyone out there coming to that?
The Instant Garden
about to erupt into
“The UK has really started to embrace everything that eBay has to offer,” he said, “and businesses are exploring the opportunities online marketplaces present in terms of increasing sales, meeting the changing habits of shoppers and potential to open up foreign markets.
I also stamped an 8 1/2" x 7" ecru colored smooth piece of cardstock (Bazzill) with Hero Arts Stitch n Trim cling stamp CG183 in Prussian Blue, again omitting areas that would be covered by the picture. I tried to make sure my lines matched up! After stamping, I inked the stamped mat with Chestnut Roan and Toffee chalk inks to add an aged look. I then attached my focal picture of Ruth to this mat. I thought the scissor stamp would be perfect, since she is cutting out one of her sewn flowers!
12. Run
It is alcohol based and you need to use it in a well ventilated area as the smell could become overwhelming.
On Saturday, April 2 Florence will have its 3rd Annual Citywide cleanup from 8 a.m. until 12 p.m. This event is an excellent way to "spruce up" where we live and show visitors and residents alike how much we value our community. Participants will be supplied with all necessary equipment, including vests, bags, and gloves, breakfast, and lunch. Yes, that's right, breakfast AND lunch! Great deal, isn't it? This event is open to individuals, organizations, businesses, and the like. If your scout troop, fraternity, sorority, church group, or school is looking for service hours, look no further. Also, if you have a property that is in need of cleanup, this is a great way to have that accomplished. If you are in need of help, or you want to volunteer to help, please call 256-760-6495.
Jamie 2:1-3 (haha)
5, Sprinkle about a teaspoon of the biscuit crumbs onto the top of the cheesecake, but don't go right up to the edge of the mould and press down lightly.
It is my pleasure to announce that Made Especially For You has seven new design team members joining us for the next few months! It's always sad to see old members go, but I know they're off on other wonderful crafty adventures and we'll be seeing each other around blogland. :) Thanks for all of your hard work and enthusiasm ladies, it was great getting to know and work with each of you. :)
8. I designed the Green Family Crest in 1975. Simply described, it is an octopus recumbent upon a field lozengy gules and argent, and a skean in saltire ppr. It bears our family motto: Carpe Octopum (seize the squid).
06. Running For The Office Of Love (Prelude)
I want a place on another plane of existence where I can hold you tightly, or leisurely stroke your smooth head, and cover you in every affection. I want to make you laugh, and heal any part of you that is broken – any part of you that’s holding you back.
Thank you to everyone who signed up to get my studio newsletters, there are over twenty who missed the mailing, so I'll be sending out another batch later this evening. Then the next one will be sent at the end of February.
From February 5-11, we had a week-long Peace Corps training in Mehdia, a relaxing beautiful beach town just north of Rabat. It was the first time since our Swearing-In Ceremony in November that all 39 PCVs from our initial group who arrived to Morocco in September were together again (one volunteer decided to leave and returned to the States in January where she has found a job and seems to be very happy with her decision). It was great to see everyone again, hear about the differences and similarities in our experiences so far, and learn about all the great work and projects my colleagues are involved with.
The vase is absolutely stunning. It definitely has a vintage feel to it, which I love and I love the verse as well. These pictures do not to it justice! Personally, I'm still trying to decide what to do with mine- flowers, potpourri, decorative balls, a candy jar...the possibilities are endless!! The great thing about this vase is that its so simple, it could easily be worked into any type of decor!
1 Back Wynd,
Wow I have already called my MEP and he hang up on me.I signed a million petitions and it’s still valid.. I even mailed the PM but he was already gone from the country.
Jonathan Soffer, a tenured history professor, told me that, though he thinks there should have been a vote by faculty, the deal promises "not only financial stability, but library resources and being part of a great university." While some other university mergers have not gone well, "it seems worth the risk."
By the eighteenth century two powerful merchants Matthew White and Richard Ridley owned many collieries in Heaton. The families where united through marriage which meant their landholding in Heaton included virtually the whole township. The
I ask Ms J at work if I should have the Fringe cut short. (Ms J, incidentally, has a perfect fringe that obediently stays exactly where it’s supposed to.)
My advice, therefore, is not to set the armed preparation so low and not to offer our poor Germans to slaughter. If we are not going to make an adequate, honest resistance that will have some staying-power, it were far better not to begin a war, but to give up lands and people to the Turk in time, without useless bloodshed, rather than have him win anyhow in an easy battle and with shameful bloodshed, as happened in Hungary with King Lewis. Fighting against the Turk is not like fighting against the King of France, or the Venetians, or the pope; he is a different kind of warrior; he has people and money in abundance; he beat the Sultan twice in succession, and that took people. Why, dear sir, his people are under arms all the time, so that he can quickly bring together three or four hundred thousand men; if we were to cut off a hundred thousand, he would soon be back again with as many men as before. He has staying-power.
I failed to take a picture with all of the wiring completed... but pretend there's some more wires up there. That's how it looks right now.
Coming together. It is truly amazing how new social media can actually make different people from different places work and share outlooks together. I admire those corporations or companies which use these media in knowing and understanding their customers more, benefiting both organizations and their consumers. Aside from that, the use of new media empowers the employees. They can now participate and contribute in decision-making, and actually can initiate change and innovation.
I just saw a preview picture of Booster Gold's appearance on Smallville. That show's success baffles me, I watched the whole first season and disliked it so strongly, I couldn't stomach the idea of ever watching more. What started as a re-imagining of young Superman for a broader mass market started bringing in more characters from the DCU in later seasons and it just didn't make sense to me. Shows based on existing, long-running comics have a canon, and breaking the canon is asking much more of me than suspending my disbelief. Booster Gold's TV costume design bothers me and he's paired up with the wrong Blue Beetle, I just can't watch that. Ten seasons, seriously? DC fans watched 10 seasons of this and The Cape can't even get 1 more episode to tie up just the main plot line? Really?
On a side note, I wrote this in my notebook a few months ago and just noticed that I accidentally wrote “near death experiments” instead of “near death experiences” and thought that was kind of funny (also a little bit frightening).
You can serve the soup right away. The flavors will intensify over time. It tastes great hot or cold. It can keep for several days to a week in the fridge and it can be frozen for later use.
We have been nominated for a B.A.K.E Award, Best Sports Blog category. If you haven’t voted, kindly drop in and cast your vote here. Thank you.
3) Which part of Australia would you love to visit?
An American archbishop was appointed to oversee reform of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, which will include rewriting the group’s statutes, reviewing all its plans and programs — including approving speakers — and ensuring the organization properly follows Catholic prayer and ritual.
Here’s that quote in The News & Observer:
To lead this group, leaders are identified and broken down from upper to lower management and supervisors.
The veteran Liberal broadcaster Ludovic Kennedy wrote in a book review for “The Oldie”, in January 2004, that there ”are too many black faces on TV, political correctness has got completely out of hand.” Sir Patrick Moore, the world renowned astronomer to remark “The more asylum seekers get the less there is for us.”
and more to be announced!!
People think that in the olden days, photographers didn't edit photos, but they did. They would change things during the processing. This is something you can bring out the emotion or change it to black and white. If color isn't adding to the feeling of the photo, change it to black and white. If you have emotion and the color is detracting from it, change it to black and white. How your editing is going to enhance the photo is key. Good editing can't necessarily save a photo, but it can enhance it. Because you edit your photos doesn't mean you aren't photographers.
In the moment,
Disc 2 - Let Me Go (Only available in 2CD Limited Edition)
Health is a key reason to plan and enjoy the benefits of the holistic garden that can be designed to enhance the physical and mental well being of humanity. The World Health Organisation describes this as a condition of perfect bodily, spiritual, and social well being, and not solely the absence of illness and injury.
Let Bieber
It will be a brave one who insists that only the original copy of a court issued arrest warrant is sufficient.
That's it this week! I must get to work on finishing all the preparations for Saturdays show!
Our sweet grand babies came and spent the night with us on Saturday! Just when you think you couldn't love someone anymore than you already do, you find that your heart is just overflowing with MORE L♥VE. Rylee is just a hoot and keeps us laughing pretty much all weekend. She also LOVES to read! She will go grab a stack of her books and crawl in my lap and we read over and over :) Such a precious gift. Bentley will be 1 in just 10 more days! He has begun taking steps and no doubt he will be walking everywhere by his birthday! He is Papa's little buddy for sure! Soo sweet!
I won a great giveaway a while back at Decor Chick and got to pick out something very cute from Mod Tots. I HAD to pick the raccoon in green. Is he not the cutest thing? He arrived yesterday and is just darling. I plan to put him in the boys playroom, but that is another project in itself.
He gazed out the bedroom window breaking a sweat at what he saw.
Well, on November 2nd I received an email from Krystal at Cardstore.com (http://www.cardstore.com) asking me if I'd like to review their website and products. It seems she had seen my blog post about the fall decorations I had created and thought I might appreciate trying a card website where you basically get to build beautiful and personalized greeting cards.
Mathis
Nathan- I saw him the most throughout my stay at the hostel and he was consistently my go-to for advice on what sites to check out, cultural information and my only American compatriot in the wee hours celebrating Queen’s Day.
You know how little I got
Red carrot ( Laal gaajar or Delhi Gaajar) -1 (one cup when chopped)
Believe me child, I don't want you in there either. You are am mammoth of a child and your big foot wouldn't fit in there now. But maybe I could use that one to my advantage. Like, "Child, if you climb on that countertop One.More.Time. I'm going to eat you!" I swear that would probably work.
I hope this helps people who might be having problems finding these items.
At least I hope so. If I’m still alive. You know, in case I have dropped dead randomly from all of the four-year-old attitude I get on a daily basis. Or the ‘Mummy, I don’t love you’ comments. OR (and this is my favorite) the full on, drop-to-the-floor- I’m-so-pissed-at-you-I-can-barely-speak-fits. Ya, those. You know those. Probably one is happening right now.
-Its simple dearest...Nature is at rest....the great works have been done...the little birds are all grown up...the flowers bloomed..the berries ripe to be picked..the green is greener then green..and we are the lucky ones to see this..and enjoy it..in silence...
From Santa Cruz: Romy, Evelyn, Elaine, Marta, Dave&Deedle, Pat, and everyone who contributed towards the terrific clinic meals prepared and served by the non-profit group CECAP
Austerity measures are a difficult sell in Europe. This summer, Greek police needed to use tear gas to disperse 20,000 protesters at Greece’s Parliament House, as citizens demonstrated against the government’s wage cuts and tax increases. By October 19, the organized protests grew to 70,000 people strong.
I'm looking forward to seeing more as the Papertrey festivities continue :)
Manic Street Preachers A design for life UK
Sewing up a couple little birdies out of cream colored, linen and sea glass blue, wool felt was so easy using a wonderful, free pattern, from Spool Sewing that I came across on Pinterest. They add a really sweet touch to this wreath. Instead of hand sewing the birds up after stuffing them I stitched a tail feather-like pattern using my Singer and then with pinking shears tidied up the ends.
Throughout the songs, I found it also quite amusing to find lyrical references to ‘games’, ‘ball’, and ‘playing cards’ (Out of the game, Welcome to the Ball, Respectable Dive) building up a theme related with the album title ‘Out of the game’. Some of those lyrics made me almost wonder whether Rufus is really that tired of the industry and intends an early retirement of some sort, which I just prefer to dismiss as an extreme bad thought.
All:
I've also been waffling back and forth with THE DUKE'S DIVORCE these days. Divorce was hardly EVER done way back when, the social mores of the time were strict, and parties involved would rather suffer through abuse, abandonment, and monetary irresponsibility than get a divorce. Hence, the idea of THE DUKE'S DILEMMA. Same premise, less harsh reality. Then again, for those of my readers who do know the era, a divorce is surely to intrigue enough to read.
It is, therefore, certain that both of these eye structures were designed and created separately. There is such superb geometric precision in these eyes that entertaining the possibility of “chance” is simply ludicrious.
Are you familiar with TED? It is a nonprofit organization whose motto is “Ideas Worth Spreading”. You can find information from them at www.TED.com.
“Pack up your gear at once and come with us. We will escort you to our Lords. They eagerly await your arrival.” , concluded Skull Own.
Kiss her when the time is right, and always use your strength, your might
Our littlest friend, Lily, was too chilly to play, so she sat happily bundled for part of the time, and snuggled on her mom the rest of it.
My wish is that this beauty will be appreciated and perhaps even spread to other areas of the city. Aren't the blocks of solid primary colour tulips bordered with intense violet muscari impressive after the grey of winter? It is much too beautiful to overlook.
Meow Mix Dry Cat Food 3lb $0.75/1
From the Hardcover edition.
We also made some progress on securing our new place this weekend, which I am so excited about. Papers will be signed this week and then I'll get to share all the details. Nostalgia for our current neighborhood is already starting to set in. It's been a good two years here.
My white face, feeling seasick, and a gentle voice saying, “Lie down. You know it’s a good idea.” I woke up feeling much better.
Maybe it is his bonus for the 30 years he spent in luxury in exile. The Polokwane conference has clearly transformed the South African Liberation Struggle from a People’s Revolution into a billionaires’ political circus!
I would also like to add:
We sense shame when we do not get one of the limited slots in a “prestigious” university–”You are not good enough,” that niggly voice whispers.
I'm happy and that is a very strange feeling for me. But I'm getting used to it.
I decided to implement a web socket server in C# to learn more about the protocol. Since the protocol is constantly changing, I imagine that this will be out of date very quickly. At least that was the case when I was trying to find examples.
As an added bonus I was forced to play nurse, errand boy and cook to both wife and child as they, as a result of their involuntary participation in the same winter merrymaking, were knocked out with a sobering attack of the flu.
I do!!!! On every level. It has taken me a very long time to figure out that just because I have a bad meal...once in a while...I do not need to plunge head first into every treat I can find to make a bad choice a series of bad choices. I can stop at the ice cream cake and avoid a feeding frenzy for the next meals. Who knew? Not me that's for sure. Now that I've got it I intend to keep it and it has truly been working.
Off the the ER we went. Her vitals were good. No shunt malfunctions and no sign of pneumonia...we were discharged by 5pm...
FEV1 - Forced Expiratory Volume in One Second - this is the volume of air which can be forcibly exhaled from the lungs in the first second of a forced expiratory manuever. It is expressed as liters. This PFT value is critically important in the diagnosis of obstructive and restrictive diseases.
I begin where you end
The AMA recently adopted social media guidelines for physicians to help protect patient privacy and to guide physicians in maintaining a positive online presence.
Point being, the Old Gods are the real problem, but they’re also damn hard to pin down, so most of the time the best we can do is try to stay on top of the Twilight cult and hope that keeping them under wraps will help us put a damper on the Old Gods indirectly. Which brings us back to the scouting reports. We’re still seeing some pockets of Twilight activity in a few areas. In particular I’m getting some reports on a remaining enclave up in Mount Hyjal. I may make a trip up there to have a look myself. Not to mention it might be good to check in and get a little face time with Hamuul Runetotem, seeing as I never got around to sending him a “Get Well Soon” card after…well, you know. Although he’s seemed kind of uncomfortable around me ever since the first couple months I was Warchief. Not sure what’s up with that. Anyway, I’ll probably have a chance to talk to him soon.
#25 1968 Herb Miller EP Jefferson 100 Yard Dash 9.4
Obama: Uh ... Okay. Whom is it?
Skinny Dip is a replacement and retuned recipe of New Belgium’s retired brew, Loft. Pours a clear light copper color with an ample head. Aroma is biscuity cookie and very malty with a minute hop presence. Flavor notes of kaffir lime and cascade hops sit to the back while the malt dominates. The mouthfeel is similar in fashion to Fat Tire as it begins with sweetness and is then topped with light to moderate carbonation.
Berloni’s license was suspended.
The following is the work plan adopted by the committee for 2012. It’s not a complete list of all the issues we may ultimately touch upon throughout the year, but these are the areas of focus in which we will attempt to drive the conversation and engage the City and other stakeholders. If there’s something your community believes should be added to the list, or a topic you’d like to discuss, please let me know, or start a discussion in the comments section below.
Hell, even if you're not in a couple, it may take a few tries before you get it right. Go out too much, and you stop sleeping. You're overstimulated to the point where everything is boring, you've tried every restaurant and every bar, you've seen God knows how many bands, and they all kind of fade into the same neon-lit horizon. Your culture knowledge does become staggering -- I know people who are little walking encyclopedias of indie bands, sleeper films, and hidden food trailers -- but it gets harder to hear yourself think.
Steve Price – Drums
I’m rather sure that his audience did not get the meaning of that statement but you and I should understand it if we belong to God. For in 1 Corinthians 6:19-20 we read, “…ye are not your own, for ye are bought with a price; therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God’s.”
If stored in an air tight container, penguins will live happily in your fridge for up to 24 hours.
The two were bundled, wrapped in plastic and left outside in a wee portablevgreenhouse to solar dye until I get back. We will see if steaming or immersion dyeing will be needed to develop the colours.
so could there be a good reason for that?
LET ME SEE IF I UNDERSTAND ALL THIS...
The Jules table is between my two client chairs opposite my desk and the mirror is on the large wall with my diplomas. I love the Pottery Barn desk chair as an alternative to most black, bulky office chairs. You know the ones:)
When the bread has finished baking, cut each square into 4 pieces. Then use the the pieces to make sandwiches – we’ve had everything from grilled cheese, to vegan BLTs, to Reubens, to PBJ’s. It’s not as fast as grabbing gluten free bread out of the freezer, but it tastes SO MUCH BETTER!
unwaxing eloquencies.
11.Cool down and enjoy this luscious sweet for any occasion.
Roast in oven at 200deg for 35 mins (this may vary for different ovens but whatever's required to brown the sides of the vegetables)
Times like these call for a slinky, sparkly dress that I don't have. So I settled for my DIY dramatic collar dress (original sewing post here). For my night look, I paired it with a sequined sash and a statement necklace:
That’s pretty much all that our stomach could stuff in for the entire 25 hours in Penang! There were hit and miss but that doesn’t kill my interest in having another round of food-cation at Penang again because our experience this time will only make us smarter in choosing the right place to eat next time :)
The boutique will sell clothing and accessories by local designers such as George Moskal, FOAT Design, Calpurnia Peach, POST Accessories, AO3 Designs, Liebling Designs and Ruby3.
The only problem is, Bria has no idea I’m her long-lost sibling . . . or that I’m the murderer she’s been chasing through Ashland for weeks. And what Bria doesn’t know just might get us both dead. . .
Do you know what really bunches my shorts? Mum jokes! I am not sure which decade that they became popular but surely they have been dead for the last 15 years. They only have one useful application in life nowadays; that they serve as a douche detector, possibly saving you the effort of developing a relationship before you come across the inevitable thought of “oh, so you’re THAT guy then.”
Oh, shut up. This isn't going to be an us vs. them post. It's about turkey, for Pete's sake!
Mako +15 +5
1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
The obedient clouds – after purging the atmosphere and wiping away the dust – slowly retreated and presented us with a Carl-Sagan sky! An added bonus, the Ursid Meteors, darted across the stage at random moments during the darkest part of the eclipse! We cocooned ourselves in blankets and marveled at the spectacular show that presided over the tropical landscape!
Rather than seeing socializing and play as hostile to learning, educational programs could be positioned to step in and support moments when youth are motivated to move from friendship-driven to more interest-driven forms of new media use.
WILKES-BARRE - Inside the Lion Brewery, workers bustle around new equipment that has created more than 70 jobs over the last 18 months.
Mr. Hu
Today's post is live and direct from the top of my head. Nothing like winging it to give a completely unstructured and somewhat disjointed blog post. Mind you, I'm assuming you don't come here for quality writing. :-)
Once you’ve run far away enough from the contact area, claim a “victory” in the name of the “people”. Never underestimate the power of the lie.
The Specs:
8. Let the soup continue to simmer a little more and enjoy!
When was the last time you told your daughter, she looked great? Or your wife? Or your mom? Makes me feel great when I hear it and I almost certainly smile.
Sun
06. Alert The Masses (Feat. HalfaBrick)
You know when you see couples and you think, "Yup, peanut butter and jelly." ? That's kind of how it is with Melanie and Bob who just FIT. Right away they were filling in each others sentences, teasing easily and cutting one another off to finish stories in perfect sync. They were easy to be around, and added to the fun, in total: the perfect couple to double date. Scott followed soon after and instantly you just know that this guy is up for anything. Maybe it's the pierced ears or intriguing scars, or maybe it's just his instantly warm yet mischievous smile but I knew right away how Melanie found someone to be roped into such a crazy adventure as a double blind date with some random girl on the internet.
Don’t be alarmed if your skin becomes temporarily darkened as some people’s skin changes color when in contact with lime juice.
Out of EXO-K and EXO-M’s 12 members, my teaser came out the latest. It came out but because it was took so much time, my mother often told me “When is yours coming out? You’re the only one taking forever” when we were on the phone. My friends also said “Why isn’t yours coming? Didn’t you get kicked out of the team?”. Truthfully… I was also a bit nervous. Haha.
A bill has been introduced in the U.S. House that would essentially pay back student loans for grad students who commit to becoming faculty at nursing schools. Since that's the whole reason I want to go grad school, I fully endorse this effort.
Bring on the pain.
It's a bad day in The Netherlands! The orange Dutch fans are turning red! It's a good thing they've legalized pot there, because they're going to need to get high to get over this scandalous loss! As for the Dutch coach, I hope he considers asking Canada for political asylum! Oh, poor Sven! Even his competitors thought he should've won, but that's speed skating for you! Unpredictable, even in long track!
Onyango Oloo
I quickly looked up at her face, her eyes….
number of arrest made.
Finally, I got around to telling The Boss that I'm off mornings. What a relief. I should know by now that the time between 4:00 am and 7:00 am is critical - not sleeping in the hours encompassing that span wrecks my day.
The great thing about these beliefs and instincts is that it gives the player a jumping off point. Beliefs give the player a strong sense of direction and how they want that character to progress (and possibly change).
The load function will trigger the proxy in the Note store API read that we commented out. I’ll leave this for part 3, as what we left now is CRUD operation back to server, displaying search results and paging.
To illustrate, United States law forbids companies from paying bribes either domestically or overseas; however, in other parts of the world, bribery is a customary, “accepted” way of doing business. Similar problems can occur with regard to child labor, employee safety, work hours, wages, discrimination, and environmental protection laws.
-2 35 40.47 , -44 12 35.90
Side effects from acupuncture or from therapeutic exercise under the guidance of a competent teacher are unusual. However, care should be taken in using herbal preparations and possible side effects or toxins within any preparations, as well as interactions with other drugs. Patients should consult with qualified practitioners.
At that moment I became aware of my Guru, and his previous words echoed across the surreal vista once again, ghost-like, “Touch something real.”
This child is yours,
19. Lönlöv
And goodies on his sleigh
Fleeing from the corrupt society of the Enclave, Gaia Stone heads into the harsh environment of the wasteland with her baby sister, Maya. They survive only to be captured by Peter, a ranger from Sylum, a strange village which seems to have as many laws as the Enclave. And when the ruthless village leader takes Maya, Gaia is forced to stay and submit to the strict social code, or risk losing her sister forever.
I don’t know if I could write an entire collection (40-50 poems) on this subject because it is so draining on me. Although I am still obsessed by their stories, so they may begin to appear in my short stories now.
“Hey Angelo, wanna walk the yellow line on the freeway?”
The following morning, Hal gets a quick peek at Nikki with her shirt open. Muffy is found in the kitchen looking like she had a fight with a rabid squirrel, and she flees upstairs to get dressed. Right away, Arch notices that Skip is missing, but no one else seems concerned. As the others horse around with a soccer ball on the lawn, Nan opts to watch from the porch. I guess she's still upset by the tape recorder she found.
Ok everyone,
Back to the not-fun part... the installation. In the past we've had nothing but horrible experiences with hanging large, heavy things. We can attribute that to the fact that we (as usual) did not have the right materials. I'm determined to break that cycle in this new house. So I dropped $15 on a french cleat from Home Depot.
The Methodology of Submission
1/10—Introductions
-Sharpie
Fanservice. There’s a lot of it, and fine, fair enough, it’s shounen, what do you expect, it’s practically required, etc. etc. Well, it feels out of place in a psychological thriller, but whatever. My main problem though is just how weird it gets. There are multiple prominent independent moments where urination is involved, and it IS present in such a manner as to make it fanservice. The rest of the fanservice is pretty run of the mill, but then we suddenly get stuff so fetishistic? It’s really, really odd. The mangaka or director’s fetish, perhaps? I have no idea, but it’s there and the scenes they’re in dwell on the fact a fair bit.
So let's start!
Allen’s time on television was brief and undistinguished. It’s one thing to listen to a sour, gravelly-voiced, cynical pessimist say nasty but funny things week after week. It’s another to look at a puffy-eyed , pale-skinned, tobacco-chewing old man doing the same thing. Nevertheless, Allen did persevere for several years, first as a host of the Colgate Comedy Hour in 1950 ( a chore he shared with Ed Wynn, Martin and Lewis, and Eddie Cantor on a rotating basis). He hosted Chesterfield Sound Off Time 1951-52, this time alternating with Bob Hope and Jerry Lester. His last gig was as a panelist on What’s My Line. He gave the world two great books Treadmill to Oblivion (1955, about his years in radio) and Much Ado About Me (1956, about his early years), before giving up the ghost of massive heart failure in 1956.
I do scrapbooking, sewing, painting and woodwork.
- Nothing sums up what the last few years have taught me quite so well.
It is my custom to try to be a good guest. I don't like putting my host out of his or her way, so I'm not overly picky when offered a drink, a dinner choice, or the selection of a movie. Even when I have strong tastes or desires, I find myself often saying, "I'm totally indifferent - I'll eat/drink/watch anything." Why am I so reluctant? Is it because I'm ashamed of my desires? Is it because I don't want to impose, even though my host clearly is clearly extending hospitality? Is it because I'm failing to trust the graciousness of the one who has invited me?
And for those who didn't win, you can pick up your issue of Pure Green Magazine here at the shop, I have a few remaining that I recommend snapping up because it's the premier issue, a collectable!!!
I thought I would decorate the blog with some family photos - really good ones from the 60's & 70's. This happens to be Granny and one of the cousins. Granny managed to look like that for 20 years....
She put that piece of information away in her little mental tote, filed under “court martial” and cross-referenced to “sunburn”. By the time I was born her fear of the sun had gelled into a standard operating procedure, and I was always subjected to a lecture and a creamy rub before I went outside in the sun.
* What was with all the eye color changes throughout the six seasons?
“Beltane” is derived from a Gaelic word meaning “bright fire” and bonfires have always featured very strongly in this ritual. In Ireland in past times cattle were driven between the flames of two fires to rid their hides of the parasites which had settled there during the winter months. To jump the fire was to take the flame of light, life and sun into oneself and women would leap to attain a husband or to ensure a safe birth. Even today couples who want to conceive will leap the Beltane fire.
a "Cake Person's" fantasy land of inspirational works,
I go to India primarily to eat. Oh, and visit family and friends, of course. What? Did I say something different??? Since I eat a substantial amount I feel the need to join a gym, mainly for my peace of mind. Every morning, while going to the gym in auto rickshaws, I made two important observations. One was that the decorum of sitting amongst men and women in those vehicles had changed. In my days, when a woman stopped an auto, the male passengers, if seated at the back of the vehicle, got out and went to the front to let the woman passenger take the safer seat, as a show of courtesy. This time I noticed men didn’t bother to get out, they just opened their newspapers wider and continued reading or glanced at the women passenger and continued talking on their cellphones. The sweet act of chivalry had disappeared. Since I believe in women being treated equally everywhere, this didn’t bother me….too much. I protested against this when I was young, but when I saw the absence of this kind gesture I admit I felt the loss of something good and beautiful!
Later in the restaurant, he's visited by Tango, who tells Frank he needs to pay him 20% of his profits to keep selling drugs. Despite Tango's confrontational approach, Frank calmly finishes his breakfast, and tells Tango that 20% isn't a legitimate way of doing business as that's his entire profit. He makes a display of leaving a tip for the waitress, but gives Tango nothing.
“I see… what about the whole Best Buy thing?”
Okay, getting back on track, here's some stuff that we noticed:
It must be, I believe, our parliamentary democracy, and the ready acceptance of all of us that the concept of one vote for each citizen is the only way for us.
Friday, November 10, 2006 8:00 PM
As for training well it wouldn't be a real champagne without a few bumps along the way. This week we have had it all. I have had to manage some thoracic issues. Fatigue levels got pretty high by the end of the week. We have had state team training. We have shifted out of one accommodation and into another and then back to our original accommodation. We have aimed to test boats but this may not happen this week now. Working through a team dynamics has us asking questions of ourselves and discussing what this all means and what we need to be the best we can be.
He has evolved not one whit more
Then let the real English ‘mentor’ defend himself and his support network from a thorough investigation, its then up to the police to break that man unless someone knows everything anyway which could be why there has been a white wash of the whole case from the beginning.
While Metropolis in the Superman comics and movies is inspired by New York City, the influence of the fictional city has come to impact the real town of Metropolis, Illinois, a small city of less than 7,000 in the southern part of the state.
For this rather leisure day and because of the lovely weather, I chose a summer dress and combined it to my leather jacket. As you can clearly see: The focus lay on pink & black. A combination I'm normally not that convinced of (always reminds me of Avril Lavigne's metamorphosis from punk-nobody to punk-rock-chic-glitzy-glammy-emo-girly) but which I just felt like pulling once in a while. Mainly because of these amazing gloves I received as a present from my aunt. A little too large but still eccentric. I like.
We are Sydney,
Then tomorrow…let the fun of gluing rhinestones begin!
Stella and Dot sells beautiful and unique jewelry perfect for every woman. Most of their line is under $50. In the month of May, a fellow mom who is also a fellow blogger and an independent stylist of Stella and Dot will donate 10% of every sale to help the Stuttering Foundation further their mission. You can check more about it here at Diaper Derby. Please use her link ( http://www.stelladot.com/sites/JCaccamo ) if you decide to buy from Stella and Dot to help her in her mission to help the Stuttering Foundation.
Information has been received also about moving to the side of mutinous guards by, Chief of the General staff of the armed forces of the country, General Hamad bin Ali Al-Attiyah.
Master reminded me that this was a Maintenance Monday, but He was also not happy that I had gained even after I returned home, and that I had not followed His directive on exercise. He hates going backwards.
“Dow Chemical is sponsoring the Olympic Games to whitewash its Bhopal liability and Mr. Malhotra is helping the American company in its attempt to escape its legal liabilities,” Ms Rachna said.
so we met sierra and my friend megan there. it was an experience i wont forget. :)
Mentally?
After work a man asked what the call of God on my life is. Wow. How does one respond to a question like that to a stranger and honestly. So honestly, I let my mouth walk in faith by speaking what my heart knew. I told him that I would be at the forefront of a movement being called “The Third Great Awakening”. My fellow workers eyes teared up with muddy puddles of salt and water. He appeared to be shaking, not out of fear but out of complete brokeness. His bottom lip quivered and his heavy eyes pointed at me while his head still faced the ground. A raspy and contrite tone came from him saying “I have been praying for that for years and years and years”.
Sally Clarkson
- 1/2 tsp cinnamon
Group 1 attorneys who are in need and can demonstrate good cause can apply for an extension of time to comply with or a waiver of the CLE requirement. Please submit applications no later than December 27, 2011. The $50 filing fee that is supposed to accompany the application is waived for this (12/31/11) compliance period only. (emphasis added).
And then, about sunset, we’re sitting on the front porch, and Kristin is giving me a haircut, and I see my neighbor across the street, shuffling down the sidewalk with his dog. But this time was special — he was in his church clothes, and I’d been waiting this for months. I lurched up out of the chair — haircut half-finished — one side long, the other side short, and ran inside to grab my big camera, find a card, and grab the right lens, before they made the corner. The light was perfect — golden sunset and saturated.
As I see it, ICR has a very odd definition of an “out-of-place” fossil. In one post entitled “Cambrian Fossils Found in the Wrong Place,” it is argued that since soft-bodied creatures were thought to be stem ancestors to the Cambrian fauna were found in some of the same layers, one could not have evolved into the other because the argument for evolution “relies on the absence of these creatures in higher layers to support the assumption that they ‘diverged’ into ‘later’ life forms.” –This reminds me of the argument “If humans evolved from apes, why are there still apes.” Even if a certain animal evolved into another species, there is no reason to assume that evolutionary ecenario “relies” on the absence of the mother species.
In this example, the board responsibly sought community input through the ACC which afforded any interested person an avenue to express their opinion. The ACC participants voted and the majority recommendation was achieved.
Air caught his pinions as the cliff ghosted past, as solid as mist, and he swooped with the feeling of great bags of wind hanging from his shoulders. For a blessed moment, there was no Second Realm, no Clearsight, no headache; just a slow, spiralling glide down to the Court. Rel fought the desire to climb a little and prolong the flight. There wasn’t time. There never was, but someday...
Yet thoughts of Ghana are not far away. And I definitely want to visit more often. How lucky am I to love two countries.
One is given to believe that right wing means law and order, no social programs, big on war. And that left wing is big on government services and control of resources, social programs, not big on war but big on aiding other countries. These are bad definitions, because when I really go to define these things, and try to keep my own extreme bias out of it, it makes no sense.
After he’d cooled down and changed, he came over to the stands for a while to sit with us, which was very nice.
not discovered yet. I sit
significant artistic development
So, the other day I waited in my car for the manager of a gym to show up. I read a few blogs, even if I couldn't comment. It was still nice catching up. Anyway, the manager walked inside and as I hurried to the front door--which had a mirror on it--the door opened and full-on hit me!
One of the search engine terms somebody used to find my blog was ”Describe a Scene in an Interesting Way,” and I thought it would be a great subject for today’s post.
So now, I can have my marked up version for researching back on stuff, but I also have my new big beautiful version just for casual reading!
Anyway, here’s the comment and I’ll be back in a day or two with my thoughts.
let me tell you its such a fun software to use, I loved it.
Once the formatting is sorted (which can take days) it's relatively easy to load the whole thing onto Kindle - but wait, you need a cover.
The Solyndra bankruptcy, alas, is not an outlier but a harbinger. This is the kind of economic calamity we will see more of unless the Obama administration sheds its ideological blinders​—​or until it leaves office. Meanwhile, capital will continue to be misallocated through perverse incentives and outright political favoritism, and large amounts of patiently acquired wealth will be wiped out.
But…after a year and alarmingly mounting debts, the popular tide begins to turn. Congress, formerly seeming to be just a pawn doing the administration’s bidding, now has its eye on the midterm elections, and with the mood of the country casting doubt begins to buck the administration. Reforms that the President deems vital to finishing the job that he started are thwarted by Congress, usually with the excuse that the country’s deficits are already too big, and both the House and Senate routinely block further changes to any existing programs. Unemployment runs over 10% for 9 months, and that’s only among those who haven’t given up looking for work. Predictably, the midterm elections are a bloodbath for the President’s party, rolling back all of the gains made on his coattails in his election year.
Morri considering food, you say to yourself, is nothing new.
-At this point add half cup of the milk and keep stirring till the sugar is dissolved completely with milk and gives a coffee/chocolaty colour.
Colossians 2:10 informs every believer that he is complete in Christ, and what makes us so? The Holy Spirit and His work of baptising us into Christ according to 1 Corinthians 12:13. “For by one Spirit are we all baptised into one body.” There is the truth of God’s Word, as authoritative as God Himself. Again I ask, “Do you take God at His word or do you try to reason with Him.”
Today Ty didn't do his chores so I mentioned that if he doesn't do his chores, he won't make any money, and if he doesn't have money he can't buy anything at Five Below (the mecca of dollar stores). This got his pants in a jumble and immediately I see the wheels turning. Of course it doesn't take him long to figure out what to do. He's had this plan for ages.
Don't tell me this isn't a form of payback, to reduce our chances of demonstrating a better level of educational attainment outside of their school (bearing in mind that you can compare most of the kid's progress "in this local school" to "after they left this local school" via the school's own record keeping system, because the bulk of these children are outside the system BECAUSE of their experience in said local school).
I'll go ahead and apologize now for writing a post about my trials and tribulations with Taco Bell. It says a lot about the excitement in my life. So I'll go now. I plan on spending the rest of my night snuggled up on the couch under my electric blanket watching TV with Hubs.
Hogan wants to know the Guns points of view.
And remember, you heard it here first…walking boots are the new black.
Edit: Beeriz
The Rum Song was written around 1830 and is helpful in establishing the mood (defiance) and slang of the time.
My most recent theme was a mini Amy Atlas inspired Winter Wonderland Dessert Bar. I have posted some photos on my blog, Chasing Rainbows, Kissing Frogs. I would be honored if you stopped by.
Another excellent game this weekend. Third one in our quest for Middle-earth.
I tried to be gentle
Most friends and some associates know that my political views lean to the left and they assume I’m against the ownership of guns but this is not true. I am a firm believer in the Second Amendment – commonly referred to as “the right to bear arms”. However, I also believe the interpretation of the amendment is grossly misunderstood.
But, still, it wasn't enough. Before I could create a peaceful home, I needed to be peaceful.
Ok on to challenge 6. The theme this week is flowers. This can be the image, paper, embellishment or flowers. The choice is yours so long as there are flowers somewhere on your project.
Presentation, Facilitation, and Platform Skills
2/28/12 – Victoria, BC @ Lucky Bar
Well, yesterday my love took the usual stroll down our narrow hallway/catwalk for a Bathroom Buddy visit.
“Does that about cover it?” he asks.
LOVED IT! John did a great job playing Edgar Allan Poe.
Communicate the benefits to your staff early in the process. Help them to understand why this is a good move for the organization as a whole and how it will make their individual jobs better. Then, reiterate the benefits to them often. It’s been proven that repetition increases retention rates!
5. If you are married, consider Song of Songs 5:9. “Beloved’s” friends want to know what is so special about her “lover” that she is “faint with love” for him. (5:8) She responds in verses 10-16. Does anything surprise you about her answer? Do you ever/have you ever considered your lover in a similar way?
Blogcation is over.
“I’m Freddie, you assholes”
Social Security Tax
Notice that, throughout the above discussion, I never once mentioned the impact of a renewed global downturn on the Chinese economy. That seems to be the focus of much media discussion these days, but from my perspective, it is only a complicating factor. China’s economy is still based on an export-led growth model, and therefore ultimately derives much of its growth from external demand. But China’s accumulation and sterilization of foreign currency reserves, over the past decade, meant that when that external demand evaporated in late 2008, it could inject previous export earnings into its economy in order to finance a purely domestic investment boom. When it did so, China for a time at least was able to de-couple its fate from the rest of the global economy, tracing a story arc involving high levels of growth, bad debt, and inflation that has followed its own separate logic to their resolution not unlike how Japan’s response to the Plaza Accord propelled it along a similar “bubble” trajectory in the 1980s. External factors, like a fall-off in exports, the fate of the dollar, or the volatile attitudes of foreign investors, may either intensify the forces at work or mitigate them, may accelerate or delay the moment of truth, but the primary forces at work and the primary choices to be made rest with the Chinese and the structure of their own economy, not with factors that have been imposed on China from outside.
The real controversy with this dish is categorizing it. Is it a salad? A dessert? More importantly, why is Jello EVER considered a salad? This is a question that rages every time we have a fellowship dinner at church. I always vote dessert. I always lose. ;o) But I submit to the wishes of my cohorts on the Social Committee. There's a lot of combined wisdom there, and these ladies know how to cook! If they say it's a salad, it's a salad.
his life (positive or negative) and remarking, "This is good!"
Rez Life: An Indian’s Journey through Reservation Life, by David Treuer, Atlantic Monthly Press, 2012.
But the visceral feeling? How it felt to be so ill? What that vomiting felt like. How miserable it was to have nothing I could eat that would not come up again. How sore and aching my muscles would be, how charming the pinpoint hemorrhaging around my eyes was.
Lee said he has always tried to schedule difficult opponents for Cal Poly because the best competition is what makes the program and players better.
Also expect to fight for your authority. Women do not enjoy the same commanding presence in France, much to my dismay.
To keep you amused, regarding yesterday's scarf challenge those of you who guessed Number 1 are the winners. She is Swiss and has waaay too much going on for a Parisian.
I spent 32 years as a male being called "Faggot" by my own uncles - with a voice that I could never even ONCE pass as a male on the phone. This made it extremely difficult to conduct business, like banking, because no one ever believed I was a male named Ted, even when I tried. I was beat up and made fun of at school constantly - I was nicknamed Tinker bell in high school, and teased. I went to school every day in fear of going to the bath room because the boys singled me out as weak, and an easy mark. I always wore my gym clothes under my regular clothes because I didn't get pubic hair until I was age 19. And even then, it was minimal. I felt alone and feared talking to my parents about any of this... My father was dealing with his own addictions at the time, prostrate cancer, a troubled marriage, and a daughter that just came out of the closet as gay. The last thing i wanted to do was add to their pile. How could I...?
While it’s still a blast to see how the relationship between Kazehaya and Sawako unfolds, Volume 2 focuses on another interesting relationship that practically steals the show. You see, in the first volume we find out that Chizuru has always considered Ryu to be something like a brother since they grew up together. Somewhere along the line, Ryu has developed feelings for the tomboyish girl but has not gotten around telling her for one major reason. You see, Chizuru is in love with Ryu’s older brother, Toru.
As Harry is home for the Easter holidays, the house is getting a spring clean. Not because I’m forcing her to do this – oh dear me, no!
I promised Nick we'd go out for "after tea coffee" in the hour before school let out that followed the event. He enjoyed every sloppy sip.
opposite. Not good against bad, we all hung out
A rat has now chewed a hole under my back door into the dining room crawl space. We STILL have rat problem!! My husband thought that all the Decon he put out killed them but he was WAY wrong. We now have hired an exterminator who set up 4 bait stations in our backyard for the rats to feed on, he will switch to a different poison each week for 4 weeks. We also have snap traps in our garage as well. The exterminator came out today to show me how to get my dead rats out and reset them.
and you
Very high current levels of immigration to the U.S. are lamented by some. But others point out that in the late 19th century, legions of non-English poured daily onto our shores, aliens to our founding culture, language, principles, religion, and we absorbed millions of them without breaking a sweat. So what's the problem?
Their rum & raisin's good - huge raisins well-soaked in rum and creamy ice cream laced with rum too! Certainly enjoyed it! Peony tea was great too, but was overpowered by rum & raisin. Wouldnt choose this combi next time! Earl Grey's quite strong I'd say and Ferrero was average.
Harvi realized who he was talking to with a start! The aliens must be shape changers or they had abilities to create strong illusions. He was never going to find out which. He nodded his head. He had made the decision the previous night. There was no turning back now.
He had met someone nearby with a poly tunnel who loves growing chillies. Why? because they are so beautiful to look at. Here's the best bit... he doesn't even eat them! We were like two kids in a sweet shop. Ooing and aahing over this one and that one. We spread them out on the table, meticulously sorted them out and divided them evenly. What you are looking at is my half of the stash. This lot went straight into the freezer so now I'll be able to taste and savour them for months to come.
entered
Then had come the drought years. They seemed endless. The former excitement and innovation gave way to an exhausting routine. There was never enough water, the garden was untidy and even the young trees showed signs of strain.
My one shot at Super Bowl glory came in the mid-90's. I was commissioned to write a Super Bowl spot -- but not just any Super Bowl spot. I believe I may have written the world's first TV spot for erectile dysfunction. You can only imagine how proud how I am.
Others say, no, do book two because an agent is going to want to see what you have planned after book one.
These were my Primitive Gatherings mats of the month for January and February, and they are done and ready for gifting, with the addition of a little candle and holder. Now that the weather is so nice, I'm really done with anything having to do with snow, so the Christmas gift I make in April is not going to by wintry!
We may think of the Victorian age as a politer time, when greetings cards featured sweet children, cute kittens, lacy borders and the language of flowers. 'Vinegar valentines', with their crude caricatures and cruel 'humour', tell a different story.
Addressing about 2000 people in Cape Town at the 300th anniversary of Griqua chief Adam Kok, Zuma said now that a democratic government was in charge, it was time to correct the history of the country.
Healthy Life Original Light Multi-Grain English Muffins
As for Archives, Museums, and Libraries on Twitter… I follow a lot of these, and I think the ones who engage their audiences (answering questions, holding conversations, etc.) are much more successful than the ones who just broadcast events calendar entries, or (even worse) merely use Twitter as links to their Facebook pages, where the “real” information can be found. (Note to organizations thinking of using their Twitter accounts in this fashion: Please don’t.) This use of conversation is something I tried to really push for during my time on SAA’s Communication Technology Working Group; I’ll let you determine how successful I was on this. (Though, if you’re looking for ways that other organizations are thinking about their use of Social Media, you could do worse than to peruse the CTWG report presented to SAA Council in January. )
- Cabot’s Clothbound Aged Cheddar
I don't bake cookies often, but when I do, coconut flour is often my flour of choice.
First step is to do some assembly, lay down the foundation and put up the corners, main pillars and support beams. It's important brace the walls as at this point it can be blown down by a strong wind.
I would do it for a week or two then I’ll stop. I never really had that commitment to continue with what I started especially when things starts to pile up for me. I always rationalize by saying 2 reasons i.e. (1) I have felt being thin before and (2) I have some many things to do, so many roles to play but with so little time. My mom, brothers, sisters-in law, friends, and other people who’ve seen me during my “fit” days keep on telling me that I need to lose the excess weight. I hear them but I choose not to listen for one reason or another. I know I am wrong and so now I want to make things right.
Another choice for food storage are bulk foods. For the most part they are more cost-effective because you are buying them in bulk quantities. Generally , they would be purchased from membership warehouse outlets that buy large quantities and pass on the savings to members.
Seating for Commencement
With Thanksgiving drawing near, I’ve been thinking about gathering around the table and enjoying my family and all the homemade food and dessert that Thanksgiving brings. This year, we’re still not sure who is hosting, but I would be happy to have everyone over here:)
Secondly, don't get the cream cheese closer than an inch from the the edges of the pan or your cake will not turn out without sticking.
The calendar has Kajol in her ‘bindaas’ self atop a Mumbai taxi in a flaming red dress. Deepika Padukone is an all different look with her warrior queen avatar with a designer sword. Riteish Deshmukh looks awesomely striking with his Beatles-inspired sixties’ black and white look. Sajnay Dutt looks deadly behind the wheels of the gleaming red Ferrari.
Pageants and proms are probably the most popular reasons for needing Sherri Hill dresses, and the designer never disappoints. With so many different designs, the possibilities are endless. You can be more than sure that no other girl will show up with the same dress that you choose. Most importantly, you can keep your head high and a smile on your face, because you will know that you are beautiful and unique. That isn't anything that a dress can give you, but your attire can certainly emphasize what you already have.
Sirkorski R, Juszkiewicz T, Paszkowski T, Szprengier-Juskiewicz T. Women in dental surgeries: reproductive hazards in occupational exposure to metallic mercury. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 1987; 59: 551-557.
i chose this video because it's funny on so many levels: sex, lies and rob reiner's mom at the end! maybe it isn't the funniest scene ever, but humor is like wine, sometimes impossible to describe, but you always know what you like.
“We will not tolerate people to take the law into their own hands. Taking the law into your own hands, or vigilantism, is a criminal offence and these persons, if arrested, will have to face criminal charges.”
Meanwhile, Stéphane, who had been shopping for a book while I was trying to coral Fry, met us at the library and then we walked around freezing cold Troyes for a bit, stopping at my work to say hello, and then we had a bit of lunch.
My only true issue with this book would be with the character of Valentine. In contrast with Jace, Clare has made Valentine almost a cookie-cutter cut out of other villains in fiction. I take issue with antagonists who are purely evil because in reality none of us are all black or white but many shades of gray and have definitive reasonings behind what we do. With Valentine all Clare shows us is outright narcissism, and a thirst for power which makes the character very hard to relate to in any way. In my own opinion there has to be at least one chink in a villain’s armor so they can seem relatable.
Suma Tharu, our mature-beyond-her-years girl from Nepal, stepped off the stage of Lincoln Center last night at Women in the World to uproarious applause. (Catch up on Suma’s story here and here).
Now imagine shopping in the home of your most stylish friend. That's what it feels like to enter Les Gignettes (4, rue du Sabot, 75006) and browse the hand-picked items that include labels like Isabel Marant, Vanessa Bruno and Balenciaga alongside the very best of Zara and H&M. Housed in a super charming 17th century building, you'll also find framed art, home decor and some unopened cosmetics and perfumes at half price. (I scored a NARS lip gloss for 11 euros). Stop by on Saturdays and linger over mint tea or attend one of the regularly scheduled art openings. Details (and tempting photos) at LesGignettes.net.
Baked Eggs in Tomato Sauce
I thought that I would share them with you in hopes that it will be an encouragement to do you husbands good. While it is by no means an exhaustive list, it is some very practical ways that you can work towards blessing your husband right now, whatever your age may be, 13yrs. or 30yrs.
I had a teacher once who said, “If you can think of anything else you are passionate about besides acting, do that.Your life will be better for it.”I actually think that might be good advice.I couldn’t come up with anything so I moved to LA.
all her kisses and hot protestations
The Big Two parties already govern together in Berlin city, Saxony-Anhalt, Mecklenburg Western-Pomerania and Thuringia, and earlier in the last decade they worked together in national government: there is no lack of precedents.
Hello and welcome to my last post on Graduation cards. This is the third card, going to my niece who will be heading off to Junior High.....and it's a Peachy Grad card. I am entering this card into the Peachy Keen Stamps challenge. The challenge is to make a card using your own back ground.
brown ???? with stretch (skirt/pant weight)
Damian Grabowski definitely has momentum on his side as he’s coming off of a submission win over Eddie Sanchez just a week ago. Not sure how he got licensed for this one, but I’m expecting him to have an experience advantage in that he’s faced a higher level of competition than Huckaba. Dave has the stronger of the stand up, but if Damian can get this to the ground he should take the win. Grabowski by sub.
We’re now open every day from 10.30am to 5.30pm (until the end of October). During the Easter school holidays the miniature train will be running throughout the day. The new track down to the wildfowl reserve is complete and you can now ride the full mile of Bentley railway.
* Jonathan Nosan as Hans Hands
She did not back away when things got rough.
‘And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man’s life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth’. (Luke 12:15 KJV)
Finally, I realized that it wasn’t a body at all, but rather a rolled-up shag carpet, likely dumped by one of the condo owners across the way.
Let’s conclude. A very controversial piece of U.S. foreign policy is maintained over 50 years because of U.S. domestic politics. Only 0.6% of the national population determine the course of U.S. action in relation to Cuba. That’s an absurd situation.
The homes are a part of a dizzying property shuffle that experts say raise ethical and legal questions, but Justice Hathaway has been ducking those questions for more than six weeks.
Damage before an explosion has taken place.
Hubby: (taking post-it from me and scowling) I think that says, ‘what time are the kids coming’.
Three Chinese women traveled to the CNMI in August and September 2010 after allegedly being promised jobs at a new hotel that Lin was opening on Saipan.
One of his sons, Cole (below), had already joined the enemy, Quantrill's Raiders, the Confederate guerilla group, but his anger grew exponentially when his father was murdered. He was part of the massive raid on Lawrence, Kansas where 200 males were killed (see my "Q" post on Quantrill's Raiders).
What else can it be? Studies tell the WHO that it won't make a jot of a difference to young people taking up smoking and the WHO must know this because it is expecting Tobacco Control to be still be around in 50 years' time to manage licensed smokers.
This seems to amount to a large climbdown. Sidanius does not answer my point that he is not measuring personality at all and he does not answer my point that the relationship between racism and scores on his scale is artifactual (built-in). He has now reduced his claim to saying that he is just finding out whether different allegedly conservative beliefs do go together. If that is what he is doing, he is doing a remarkably poor job of it. I have shown many times over the years that conservative beliefs in economic and non-economic ("social") areas are usually very poorly correlated (e.g. here and here) yet Sidanius COMBINES beliefs from these two areas in his scale! He is not only assuming what he has to prove but his assumption (that items from the two content-areas cohere) is demonstrably wrong!
I have quite vivid memories of Sunday mornings as a child, being upset that there were few cartoons on Australian free-to-air television, and too many American Christian evangelists trying to convert the world by the power of the idiot box.
It's still a very special listen. I've still got a worn out copy in the roof, having paid a quid for it in a second-hand record shop in Canterbury. I reckon the bloke saw me coming...
but, what do i mean by this?
Sorry for the bit of snarkiness there, but I’ve been astounded at how unwilling parishes seem to be to let the Holy Spirit truly be in charge or to trust in God’s plan and providence for them.
If you asked Americans to identify the most noticeable change in U.S. politics over the past two decades, they’d probably answer that politics has become more polarized and that this has made it harder for the government to address the problems the country faces.
Which brings me to why I'm loving the school. The community. One of the reasons the district changed the application policy for the schools this year was to try and make them more part of the communities they were located within. Not everyone has been delighted with this new policy, but I love that when I drop off at school I see the same families we play with in the playground, kids that I went to mummy and baby classes with, and mums I remember being pregnant at the same time I was. There are also families who live in the less affluent part of our neighborhood who we otherwise wouldn't interact with. I love that the school is so close to our house.
The Santa Clause ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
If the man hasn’t accepted Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour of his life, she would be ‘unequally yoked to an unbeliever’.
Taken from the June 1954 issue of "The American Ecclesiastical Review."
Today, he gets the helicopter off of the trailer/pad and then gives me the controls and tells me to hover taxi over to the compass rose. This is a 15 ft. circle with the cardinal compass points painted on it. It's a way for airplanes to swing their compasses and make sure they're accurate.
This nonsense is simply another example of why the press in this country is so detested. I think they have now overtaken politicians as the least admired sector within society. Led by the remarkable unpleasant Today programme with the awful Humphreys and Mcnaughtie they should be ashamed of themselves.
Rich believed that art and politics should not be separate and considered herself a socialist.
Also receiving love: cheese-stuffed seitan burgers, ortega burgers, Jamaican jerk burgers, Trifecta burgers, avocado bacon burgers, zucchini mushroom burgers, potato samosa burgers, curried split pea burgers, meatloaf burgers, pinto rice burgers, enchilada burgers, baba ghanoush burgers, mushroom chicken burgers, dal burgers, really meaty burgers, sun-dried tomato pesto burger, sweet potato buns, bagel buns, cilantro lime rice, BBQ sauce, creamy BBQ coleslaw, Mediterranean pasta salad, bacon bits, and homemade tofu mayo.
Tomorrow will mark thirty years that my dad passed away.
Q:�How can you avoid that
of her sons
Dusty couldn't hold a job
*eeks*
I think looking back I wanted a friend. I was scared of what I was doing and wanted someone alongside me crazy enough to do the same, yet sane enough to be responsible. Marge seemed like that person... and he was interesting. He could talk about whatever the subject turned. I suppose I thought we were alike. That the only real difference was that Marge had been stewing in the shit longer. But really Marge and I were not alike. Marge had been twirling with the devil so long now that he had become confused over who was who. He was your friend if you bought him a beer and your lover if you bought him a hit. But if you sat besides him and had nothing you was suddenly an irritating inconvenience. He'd get all bitchy and use his knowledge to damn your interests and pick holes in your favourite author's or artist's works (as well as pick your pockets). He used that old junkie con of warning you of every trick and scam in the book while performing them on you. That I had caught Marge stealing off me the first ever time we met didn't help me trust him much. I never pulled him for that theft, preferring instead to watch him as he talked and smiled, and stole small scoops of brown whenever he thought I wasn't looking.
In Deuteronomy 22, it is written that, when a man accuses his newly-wed wife of sexual immorality (i.e., he found she was not a virgin), if the charges are proven false, “they shall fine him one hundred shekels of silver and give them to the father of the young woman, because he has brought a bad name on a virgin of Israel. And she shall be his wife; he cannot divorce her all his days”; if the charges are true, however, “the men of her city shall stone her to death with stones, because she has done a disgraceful thing in Israel, to play the harlot in her father’s house. So you shall put away the evil from among you.”
Now, then. A couple, three days back I posted a survey asking readers to cast (with limited choices) their favorite crime fic characters. I'm probably alone in this, but I found the results fascinating.
speckled movement;
Place a large chefs pan on medium high heat and add the oil.
the tarn-ished
Never mind, I'll find someone like you
The mountains (big hills?) seemed to be denuded of trees. There were obvious terraces where plantations had, no doubt, been flourishing. On these hills there were cattle grazing, mainly Brahman which are obviously used to the heat and bred for a supply of beef! We noticed a distinct lack of trees!
After that, they felt it was a good time to head out to California. And as luck would have it, they were able to secure a gig at the Whisky opening up for the Dead Kennedys. Unfortunately, they only got through a couple songs before a riot ensued there. Following the fiasco, they wound up spending the next six months playing the Los Angeles and San Francisco area before heading out to New York for a six month stint there.
WHEN WE ARE REALLY SEEKING TO KNOW GOD BETTER, AND WANT TO GET CLOSER TO HIM, WHEN OUR EYES ARE OPENED AND WE BECOME TRULY AWARE OF WHAT GOD’S/JESUS’ LOVE AND FORGIVENESS REALLY ARE,…IN AND BECAUSE OF OUR FREEDOM,…WE KNOW THE TRUE MEANING OF “THANKFUL”,…Why does He do this?,…Because it’s HIS NATURE,…and GOD IS LOVE!!!
To make love to myself
I remember the JNU holi at a friend’s home and the Chat sammelan which was so much fun though I went there as a guest I really freaked out . It sure was spring madness come alive.
Breakfast (post workout)
‘It is a better legacy than waving from cars and opening Parliament while wearing a heavy crown,’ he said.
Black Pudding skidded in the sand, throwing his ass into its dampness!
These are the most common beasts of burden in athas. They also produce sweet "kank honey" which is a common ingredient in food and beverages. Soldier kanks are larger (size +3) Stronger (d12+1) and have a d8 in Fighting.
Instead of crawling back to bed, I'll sit in my writing chair. I don't care if I fall asleep in it or what. As long as I'm in that chair. Of course I'm going to want to do something else. Maybe I'll write.
What I did decide was to post a teaser with other general Black Friday Shopping tips. My tips are geared more towards people actually securing the in-store deals rather than online and yes, that does mean waking up or staying up until the crack of dawn. Forget the Black Friday Secrets that retailers don't want you to know. My sister and I beat those dirty tricks. Enjoy, and don't forget to wear a helmet.
Used. Vulnerable. Broken. All words to describe me right at this very moment.
I have three Endless Summer varieties and most should look like this by now:
3-4 lb pork roast
Tonight I'd like to talk about Electric Voice Phenomena (or "EVP" as it is better known). You might have heard those clowns on Ghost Hunters talking about it, but how much do you actually know about EVP? Is it, in fact, a mysterious way of communicating with the dead? Or is it all a scam?
Distracting me
Me: Okkk….. Eehh
“Need You Now”
Where as whatever we write is necessarily attached to a real experience, the consumer's experience of the product, what journalists write is also their product. That means they have to either choose stories on the basis of their inherent appeal, or retool the truth in order to render it appealing. Either technique distorts reality, and not in the same way that adverts distort reality - because we never get to experience the news - it's offered instead of what happened. Adverts are offered as well as the product, really for as long as you continue to own or use that particular product.
As I was writing this post, I realised that many of the goodies I've used will be retiring at the end of this month - the hostess stamp set & dsp, plus the 'for you' sentiment (a favourite of mine) from the Great Friend set.
Kiss of the Vampire
“Oh, Him.” He was deliberating which chip to impale upon his fork; now really wasn’t the time for isagogics or theosophy. It was hard enough simply spelling them, let alone doing them, not that there was anything simple about spelling them. “Well, let’s see: his full name is Ubiquitous Eternity God, he’s a sixty-two year old unemployed song-writer living in California in a single room in The Brazil Hotel (it sounds grander than it really is), he’s got a fondness for Budweisers, massage parlours and walking out in front of oncoming traffic and stopping it with a wave of his hand while he crosses the road.”
scripture emphasises that you should put on the whole armour of God, not just
Note: If you are like me and most likely prepare guacamole on the same day you’re going to prepare some pico de gallo, then it has gotten simpler for you! To make the guacamole all you'll need is the avocado, 1 clove garlic crushed, 1 Tablespoon fresh lime juice and salt and pepper to taste. The rest of the ingredients substitute with 3 Tablespoons of pico de gallo and mix it all together. Enjoy!
Now the rightwing Netanyahu government is having another change of heart. In its request to the court, the government argued: “The evacuation of the buildings could carry social, political and operational ramifications for construction in Beit El and other settlements.” Such an argument, if applied in the larger context of the occupied territories, could easily justify why no outposts should be taken down. It could eradicate, once and for all, such politically inconvenient terms such as ‘legal’ and ‘illegal’.
The only times where I’ve “successfully” approached a guy have been in situations where I’m full on liquid courage… and even then, those are successful only to a point, because clearly none of them have lasted thus far.
Due to the aforementioned principle that the sale is done and dusted at the time, not even of the compromis, but when the offer is accepted, Mr D the seller was understandably NOT going to let us back out, especially as the upstairs neighbours had now revealed themselves to be Difficult. Our lawyer attempted some round-about way of getting us out of it, our notary was a complete spanner (no, spanners are useful. He was as useful as the new metro line 6 - makes sense in theory, but in fact doesn't help anyone, at all), and after a fair amount of trying to negotiate with the bastard balcony builders, we found ourselves trapped.
Michael Brown - Circles
My wife Laura and myself are the only two right now. I do all the Creative side, and she does all the business side of things, I couldn’t of gotten this far without her.
1 1/2 lbs 26/30 ct shrimp (peeled & deveined)
Needle Felting
I repeat: You can’t just “wing it” on something this big.
Assessing the patentability of a biotech invention is often more difficult than for other technology areas. As well as the usual analysis of the contribution over the prior art, it is more likely that there will be a need to consider whether European practice allows patent protection in that area and for that type of invention. In addition, it is not always straightforward to determine whether the available data is enough to comply with the disclosure requirements for an application.
Oh shit, check out this picture, dated "December 29, 2010," by Flickr user "CT Young":
It was a very simple battle though. The uruks ran. The Rohirrim tried to flank, then to break through. I killed all of his orcs except for the four that got away with the hobbits and only lost 3 riders. But it was not enough! I found myself shooting at the damn uruks in the end, trying to actually hit the hobbits and get a draw out of the game. It was all in vain!
I don't even know where to start.
Consumer Driven Health Care advocates legitimately point out that health care's supply-driven economics insulate patients from costs and thereby increase them. However, CDHC counts on a degree of health literacy that isn't possible under the best of circumstances, and the United States doesn't have the best of circumstances. For example, patients rarely have access to care outside of their insurance plan, meaning that quality and competition is subject to financial penalty. Moreover, there are no standards with which patients can compare costs and quality, and even if there were, there's no way to access them.
Das Boot (Wolfgang Petersen)
How wise he was to spurn the entreaties of US President Bill Clinton, rejecting the tried and tested Lockheed C-130 Hercules, going for the new dawn of European military aviation, free from the oppressive dominance of the United States.
I do what I do out of love and frustration,
3) Shingles, a viral infection of the skin (that may occur on the chest) can be very painful but is usually present with even light touch to the skin on the chest or even clothes moving against the skin. There may be a rash present at the time of the pain or it can actually occur before a rash is present
Grumpy Badger's Christmas by Pal Bright-- The 'animal' version of the Christmas Carol: Grumpy Badger is trying to hibernate this winter but keeps getting woken up by the other animals preparations for Christmas. This book led to lots of great discussions on hibernation and what various animals will do to cope with the cold and short days of winter.
Ok so basically, anybody living in the city? Yeah, you guys have got it good. Really.
Enjoy the Ride!
Since I started blogging I have been addicted and have 'met' a lot of wonderful people.
She hurts
Happy Friday! Today is the big day, as the Columbia Gorge Fiber Festival marketplace starts this evening at 6pm Oregon time for a 2 hour preview night! Hopefully I'm there and setting up by now (depending on what time you're reading this!).
Nick Cockcroft
The mystery and all the intersecting story lines were fun to follow along, and though I had my hunches, Charlaine Harris still kept me guessing.
So it is with a sense of disorientation that I would like to tug my beard with respect at various individuals who write blogs that I regularly like to print off and wipe my arse with.
The Bigger Picture:
I went into the main kitchen where my mother and aunts were finishing the side dishes – potato salad with cubes of beet and apple, and another bowl with just potatoes and onions for my uncle who refused to eat anything but that; Cole slaw with pineapple; three bean salad; a lime jellied salad with shredded carrot; devilled eggs; sliced tomatoes and plates of cheddar cheese; homemade pickles and lots of napkins. Every place setting had a nut cracker to break the shells, and a thin pick to dig out the small bits of lobster meat.
“A little late for a date, isn’t it?” he asked when she got to her car.
Doing the work of retrieving our split-off parts, lifting the projections of them off others, claiming our own darkness, partiality, harmful impulses, might seriously take us a long way towards changing our society; indeed it might be the only thing that will.
Remove the politics and these are some of the most productive citizens in East Contra Costa County—salute them, don’t crucify them because the fire Board is asking for with the Parcel Tax in order to provide the tools needed to allow these brave men and women to protect you and I. These guys are not a bunch of government mooches, these guys are productive and want to do more for the community.
Having a properly installed Ceiling Fan is important – for functionality and for safety reasons. To ensure the safety of your home against short circuits, arc faults and other potential fire hazards, you should always hire a licensed electrician to install your Ceiling Fans.
Friends are much more fun when they’re shared.
Hope you all had a Merry Christmas and ate way too much yummy festive food. :)
So it’s a tradeoff. But if I can get Solr stable on live, and run my old MSSQL in parallel (as a easy, hot-swappable, backup) for a few months, then it’ll be worth it I think.
And the end! It wasn’t a cliffhanger like Everlost, but still! And the hand! And Lev!
7.) Make Greater Baltimore’s colleges and universities more accessible to Downtown
What about the way she has ignored all of the issues with Jack Warner and refuses to launch an actual investigation?
Bill Burton
very circumstance that brings the pain. When the water gets hot, it releases
About Loren:
Read how Joy, the proud Mama of five, makes her home a haven, but first here's a bit of info about her:
Anger over the NYPD’s ‘stop, question, and frisk’ policy never provoked outrage nearing that of the enhanced pat-downs. It’s the subject of at least one civil suit, an ACLU campaign, and some academic study, but little else. I can’t help but wonder if this issue remains low-volume because NYPD stops do not impact the “low-risk population” who face the TSA pat-downs, and because the people being stopped and frisked in New York are now so used to being policed as “high-risk” that they have come to accept this status.
Her directions are flawless and I am very familiar with her tutorials and her style so while I usually bead up a small sample whenever I am working on something new, I didn't do that this time...so I take all the blame for having to rip out so much work!
Alleluia! Christ is risen.
Now you have some ground information about our living room evolution. Stop in tomorrow to see more of how she looks today and what's still on the books to be done. After that, we'll take a closer look at some of the objects that fill our space - and my soul, like these below.
Hoobastank
I moved to San Francisco in 1979 and found employment as a bench jeweler. The company that hired me sent me to the California College of Arts & Crafts and then to the Revere Academy of Goldsmithing (as it was called then) to learn jewelry repair and diamond setting. Alan Revere taught the classes and he is absolutely the best teacher you could ever have.
After the prolonged drought we had here in East Anglia in the Spring, I remember longing for rain. Now, after days and weeks of relentless, and often torrential, rain I find myself eagerly anticipating just a glimpse of sunshine. It would be nice. It would also be very nice to venture out in my sandals again instead of my wellies!
It was a lovely, busy, noisy week. We're pooped!
"Like everyone else, I will wait and see. But I hope the funding is exactly what we need."
I'll start:
The online sources of learning material have greatly aided learning as learners are now able to access the knowledge beforehand and the instructor then contextualizes the information and assists the learners in applying the concepts practically. The learning experience therefore becomes enhanced and allows the individuals the opportunity to learn at their own pace.
so sweetly she couldn’t remember her troubles,and
You were the king of carrot flowers
I would be in a car crash, or have a premature heart attack, or be viciously mugged. I would never be old enough to have wrinkles or arthritis or a pension. I'd be a pile of ash long before that.
I was expecting company and wanted to try something new, which is pretty risky business! I knew that Gooseberry Patch could handle it and I chose Momma's Divine Divan from the Quick as a Wink Chapter.
When I wake up and after my coffee in bed, (I always have my coffee in bed. If you are not having your coffee in bed, you are not doing it right) I wonder- what's going on today with Polly and Postie and Chloe and DUTA and so forth.
The Sense of an Ending is a wisp of a book, it can barely be called a novel, but it is incredibly masterful. Barnes captures a moment, a feeling, a desire, in a way that is both poetic and engaging. As a reader, I floated through its pages. I was captivated, and entranced. There is something slightly mystical about the writing, surreal and yet genuine in its emotion.
This passage begs the question: What does Stephen Marche think memento mori means? In two words, one poetic phrase, memento mori sums up for us what is told to us when we receive ashes on our foreheads at Ash Wednesday: “Remember, O man, that dust thou art, and to dust thou shalt return.” How Marche thinks the becoming of Alexander and Julius to bungs is an encouragement to materialism I do not know. If anything this soliloquy is a strong underscoring of memento mori, a better way of saying, “This jester became dirt as did emperors of old; we become nothing, how should we think ourselves anything? Death renders us all equal, so let us live in life as if there we may make a difference.” Death is the inevitable approach; let our actions here on earth define us. This is the thought bouncing through Hamlet’s skull. This is memento mori; what Marche thinks it is, I don’t know. But he’s clearly confused.
( I need to add a touch of girly to the space so up went my ruffled curtain. )
Having given a solicitous ear to Jorge’s business problems for over an hour yet again, Dr. Bennett was chatting to Grace Warmisham, the assistant librarian at St. Cross, the only parent outside the Family that he’d met before. Her twin daughters were of the party. Very good swimmers, like Bella, said Mrs. Warmisham. She wouldn’t have been surprised if they chose it as a career.
Anything you want you can make it yours (You can make it yours by worshiping Satan)
I refer you to your letter dated 16-1-41, in which you tell us about your work in Farraway’s Gelatin Factory. Your most recent letter (21-3-41) repeats a lot of this information. There is really little point in writing to us unless you have something new to tell.
Jesse set up a little shrine with candles and photos
Look for me in the bottle. The one by the penguins.
Grass himself was “if not glad, at least relieved” when the boy disappeared.“The storm of doubts about everything I had had rock-solid faith in died down, and the resulting calm in my head prevented any other thought from taking wing; mindlessness had filled the space. I was pleased with myself and sated.”
You know the list? The one with a meeeellion projects I want to get done in less than 30 days? Well, I’ve been SUPER busy.
While I was there I met Becky, giving out tasters of a splendid Garlic & Herb chorizo, by 'The Bath Pig' http://www.thebathpig.com/
With five people in the house, and four of them who definitely need a daily shower, the morning has a fine-tuned beast of a schedule, ensuring that everyone who needs one ends up showered, dressed, generally presentable, and ready to head out the door for school/work by 8:30. This schedule is mostly determined by the time it takes the water heater to reheat water to ensure that Dear Husband (who is last on the schedule) will have enough warm water to get through his shower without freezing to death.
"-----Barack Obama's Approval Index, according to the daily Rasmussen survey, yesterday reached a new low of -23, while a record 47% now strongly disapprove of what he's doing. Even the Gallup polls show that a clear plurality of people disapprove."
For someones granddaughter turning 17
By way of driving home that particular, comforting implication -- "Fortunately, we all pretty much get along now!" -- Neary sets her story in a racially mixed, seemingly postracial classroom:
I squeezed her knee firmly, but not so much as to be abusive. Not yet. The man shook even more violently. It was time for them to embrace the blackness.
I feel as though I have lost my big sister. As a Jewish girl growing up in London after the Holocaust, Miep's devotion and bravery was an important light onto the darkness we were all finding out about. " I am not a hero," wrote Miep decades later in her memoirs, but she was to Anne Frank and her group. And she certainly was to me. I feel as though Miep has been there as a guiding light all my life and now that she has gone a special spark has left us. We were blessed she had such a long life.
At the risk of sounding redundant, not their problem. And, if we have a problem with it the question is, “Will we take arms against this sea of troubles, and by opposing end them or will we grunt and sweat under a weary life letting conscience make cowards of us all?”
Nineteen years ago I (Jerry) held my two-hour-old grand- daughter, Kendall, in the palm of my hand and silently offered a prayer of thanksgiving to God. I have never forgotten that day; its importance rivals that of my wedding day and the day my firstborn child came into the world. Arthur Kornhaber, researcher and writer, reminds us that there are three natural, life-transforming events in our lives over which we have no control: our birth, our death, and becoming grandparents. Even now, nineteen years later and with Kendall on her way to college, my heart skips a beat thinking about that moment when I held her in my hand.
Two types of leaves exist on a lot of trees, not all, but enough to frustrate you if you’re using google to look up pictures of leaves and the same species comes up with several different looking leaves. Now, do not confuse this a picture of what someone claims to be a sugar maple with seven points vs. another picture of one with three points. The only major differences in the leaves are thickness of the leaf and how wide or narrow the curves are between the points.
Are you pregnant (when you don't want to tell yet)?
Kidney Stones!!!!
There’s plenty of enthusiasm in Brooklyn come the first week of December. The kids are looking forward to their 10-day holiday from school and the borough’s workers are dreaming of the gifts they’re going to give and receive.
Materials Used: Pink Paislee pps, die cuts, and transparency strip, Dusty Attic chipboard, Prima flowers, American Crafts Thickers
Editor’s Note: Due to the high interest in this posting we have returned this item to the front page of the blog, as of Dec. 13.
Yes, once again I must don my best demeanor(usually I don a misdemeanor), behave like the lady I should be but am not, drink beer from a glass (with pinky finger extended), and enjoy a fun-filled night of celebrities and fantastic television in the city I love.
6. Scoop 8 to 10 balls of dough using a 2 Tbsp cookie scoop* and place onto one of the prepared baking sheets. Be sure to leave at least 2 inches between each cookie dough scoop to allow for spreading. Sprinkle sea salt lightly on top of each cookie, then bake this first sheet until the cookies are golden brown but still soft, 15 to 20 minutes.
"It’s unprecedented. There’s never been such a sharp drop in such a short period of time,” affirmed Myers.
Abdu, John, Tim, Sulamane, another boy and I played a game of soccer afterwards before it was time for dinner. Dayyibu’s wife and mother in-law are leaving on Friday to go to Nigeria where the mother in-law is from. It is customary when someone has a baby (Dayyibu’s son was born 5 weeks ago), either the mother’s mother comes to stay for a little while to help take care of the baby or for the mother to leave to stay with her mom so they can take care of the baby. In this case, the mother’s mother came to Wouram first but now both the mother and mother in-law will return to Nigeria. Dayyibu will be here all alone for 5 months while his wife, baby and mother in-law are gone. We had dinner in the mother in-law’s honor last night. We ate outside and had potatoes, bread and orange fruit juice.
I'm thinking the 'big reveal' will be next week. Something like I did for Finland. You get a history/geography lesson AND get to learn where we are headed for next season. You lucky, lucky dogs, you :)
This past week I talked to Kevin at The Bruery and he said that they sold out of all 1,000+ bottles of Black Tuesday in three hours! Each bottle of Black Tuesday was $30 each and had a limit of three per person. See a photo gallery of the events here:
For Noah, obedience meant a long-term commitment to a project.
Best part?
Winters, Whitestar and Midthunder will be present to sign autographs at the Celebration.
You can learn the tricks of the history trade from a professional this Monday night (Oct. 17). At a Cobble Hill Association meeting, Historian Francis Morrone, a long-time Park Slope resident who specializes in architectural history, will lead a discussion on how to research the history of your home. The meeting is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. at Long Island College Hospital, conference room A. It is free and open to the public.
Rowan was advised by his commanding officer, “Means will be found to identify you in Jamaica, where there is a Cuban junta. The rest depends on you……..After that, providing the United States declares war on Spain, further instructions will be based on cables received from you. Otherwise everything will be silence. You must plan and act for yourself. The task is yours and yours only. You must get a message to Garcia. Your train leaves at midnight. Good-bye and good luck!”
Where does the inspiration for your books and your characters come from?
When I was in my 20's, I couldn't understand how anyone managed to like living to be 50 or 60 or older. I would look at people's faces and see all the wrinkles, the lines. How their bodies morphed into something resembling an apple from an hourglass.
The alleged role of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in the agreements has been referred to by the plaintiffs. Jobs is for example alleged to have threatened Palm with litigation for not entering into a “do not cold call” agreement, according to the plaintiffs. The conspiracy consisted of an interconnected web of express bilateral agreements, each with the active involvement and participation of a company under the control of the late Steve Jobs and/or a company whose board shared at least one member of Apple’s board of directors, the plaintiffs said according to the court document.
Okay, I got it that there was no anesthetic he could use that would exit solely via the liver. Then he mentioned one that only 2% of exits via the kidneys. I am stage three. I was willing to chance that one.
All you can do by asking the question is start them talking, and that is always a good thing.
(3)Mix as quickly as possible with a sturdy wooden spoon.
The salad is being pulled from shelves after one package tested positive for the bacterium in a sample test conducted by the Ohio Department of Agriculture. No illnesses have been reported, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said.
Living" articles in Live Wild Or Die have shown. In cities, if we want to
3) Make revisions to my non-fiction project based on feedback and my own editing of it. -This didn't happen due to other priorities.
I'm sure you've all seen the infamous CoronaRita floating around Pinterest. Well Chili's has taken the work out of it for you and has it on their new menu! The name is pretty self explanitory, but in case you were wondering, it's a margarita made with Jose Cuervo Especial Tequilla and Coronita. I'm so excited to try this; doesn't it look amazing!?
Chicken and Ham Pasties
Adam & The Ants Stand and deliver UK
Tell us your most rewarding experience since being published.
Evan J. Baron, 38, Bridgewater, N.J.
The background is decorated with distress inks, post-it note masking and IndigoBlu stamps. The acetate wrap is fixed around the back of the card with strong double-sided sticky tape and the join covered with ribbon.
Wherever you are: I hope that your 4th of July / Independence Day is a blessed and happy one!
Something simple, something different, something fun and it made for one of the best Monday nights I've ever had.
He served up a tasty meal, I have to admit. It was some kind of chicken stir fry with lots of fresh vegetables.
The following bloggers are also featuring the recipes of Gael Greene today. I hope you'll pay them all a visit. They are great cooks who have wonderful blogs.
We then got to the crop- but realized we were too early for check in and had 40 minutes to kill. So we drop down the street and found this great antique store, The Mill Property Antiques. It was so misleading, I thought it was a cute little store, with different vendors that have their own booths. When I thought I was done, the owner pointed out to me there was another 50 vendors downstairs! The place turned out to be so huge, I almost got lost in it! So many great things at every corner! I picked up a few things for my friend's bridal shower (one big item that was only $7.50 and a few smaller items for a few bucks each), an old bridal veil (to add to my hat collection) and a few old books to add to my antique book collection. It was a great score!
In the BBC's “This Week” programme, after Question Time, former Thatcherite, Tory Minister, Michael Portillo, pointed out what I have been arguing for some time. The only way of dealing with the debt is through growth – though I would add that a big part will be played by inflation. If, the cuts slow down or reverse growth then he said, the Tories would reverse course. But, as I have pointed out before, and as Nouriel Roubini has argued, it may not be that simple. Once you have a bike up to speed it takes less effort to keep it there than if you let it slow down, and have to get the speed back. Capitalist States poured huge amounts of Surplus Value into stopping the system collapsing after 2008. They largely succeeded, but those economies hadn't speeded up enough for momentum to take over. Stopping the stimulus would be like stopping pedalling just before you could get into top gear. If those states screw up by cutting now, the system may not have sufficient resources to prevent a serious crash this time round.
“If Ampon was granted bail and could go see doctor regularly, such incident might not have happened” said the lawyer. Prior to this, Ampon has just had operation for oral cancer.
The latest word on BITW HERE is charm... or charming... I went with the word Charmer... We have a horse here at the moment... he isn't ours as such, but he is staying here as his owner needed a paddock for him... and we have one..and he is such a charmer...If you are a horse nutter like we are, then you will understand how a horse can nuzzle his way into your heart.. !! He comes over to the fence and puts his head on you, and puts his nose all over you... and when he is finished, he will walk off and go and eat again...
It’s like a custom ringtone that’s charming, the perfect kind of Easter egg to make business cards the sort of thing you were obsessed with collecting (and a lot more fun than tiresome, it’s-really-just-a-URL, QR codes).
Instead of an actual movie, I would have sworn I was watching a made-for-TV effort from the late Seventies, trying to stumble and cash in on what the producers thought Star Wars should have been about, circa late 1977 or so. I half-expected Bert Convy and Ted Knight to show up at some point.
11. i can eat a whole bag of chips by myself!! regular lay's please!
freedom-based education community in Montreal. During that time I've often been frustrated at how far-flung and disconnected the various people and groups interested and involved in freedom-based education are, and how hard it often is for people wanting to get involved to know where to start. So I've started this list in an attempt to remedy those issues, to help people get involved and stay involved in the various events and projects going on, to connect with each other, and to
to lift the white stone.
Reggie Girl
These are not men who give a rat's ass what Najib is willing or unwilling to do, or what he is strong enough or not strong enough to do. These are men who will effortlessly pull the strings of a prime minister that was weak to begin with, to ensure their own survival.
This article, excerpted from the July 1960 issue of The Freeman, is the fourth in a monthly series commemorating the 100th anniversary of Mr. Read’s birth.
Title is from Emily Dickinson’s poem “After great pain a formal feeling comes”;
Magnolia flower is most commonly used in xanthium and magnolia formula. It is used to relieve sinus congestion associated with a yellow discharge and to treat allergy symptoms such as runny nose. This formula can be made into a tea or is available in commercially produced capsules.
After a lot of anticipation and fun, and plenty of hard work from a couple of lovely Aussie ladies, the day is finally here. The launch of a new blog challenge which I am thrilled to be apart of the amazing Design Team.
Stationary shelves assume that everything you'll be storing is the exact same height. Really? In a pantry? That's ridiculous. We all know that canned goods and Tostitos bags have very different dimensions. But with nothing but stationary shelves to work with, I was wasting a ton of space with this configuration. Anything taller than the pre-determined shelf spacing was ending up on the floor.
Help me put it together
Aug 30 Englewood, CO (Review by nikkiann0100)
just as
* Reconstructing conditioners are regarded as best for thinning hair or hair prone to breakage.
The Johnnie Walker tasting was held at Constitution Hall(DAR) April 25-28. I went to the Friday tasting at 7pm. I got there at about 7:25 and parked. I got a 50 dollar ticket for parking in a no standing zone. Ugh! I abhor parking downtown. Always something. Anyway, I was on the late side so I came in and signed up on the iPads. Johnnie Walker got all into my business about what I drink and what not. I was given a gold coin for a free drink as I went inside. Damn me for being late because I missed the h’ordeuvres and the step and repeat picture taking. I did manage to get a black label on the rocks and live tweeted to #johnnie. The set-up is awesome. Nice cushy couches, set up like a cocktail party.
And on the pedestal these words appear:
But so was Jesus.
You want to make a man addicted to you! When a guy thinks about you often and wonders about you, well then you are well on your way to becoming his girlfriend. Push and pull means you give a little, you withhold a little. Give a little means you make a guy earn your affection little by little, don’t give it all away at once. He should be wanting and trying to impress you…. if a guy ever says “I did this… are you proud of me” or “I don’t want you to get the wrong impression of me” he is trying to prove himself to you. On the other hand, you should never try to prove yourself to a guy! Try to be the one offering the positive reward. When you are with the guy you like, you always want to keep him guessing – that means being predictable. (So, you’re talking, pretend to remove something in his hair or on his cheek.) Another tip is to make him feel really good, being fully present in the moment, teasing or challenging a little, get him to emotionally invest in you (sharing things about his real self with you), reward him for doing so and then leaving on a high note. Then, the next time you see him, holding things back a little bit (while still being kind), or if talking through e-mail respond randomly (sometimes right away, sometimes in 8 hours, sometimes 2 days later) – and being unapologetic about it. The overall point is to keep a guy guessing (but generally letting him know you like him as studies show men prefer to know when a girl is interested), on his toes and craving more – because the truth of the matter is nobody likes to be bored and everybody likes a little bit of excitement!
I think it just brings so much home: he was a vestige from a chapter of my life that I left behind a long time ago, and yet will never leave completely behind because of Kevin. And there is Kevin’s loss in all of this, too. It is a reminder to me, too, that our time here is finite; all of us, and everyone we know, whether we love them or hate them or are indifferent to them, will one day exhale our last breath, reverberate briefly with our last heartbeat, and our consciousness will sputter and be extinguished like a candle blown out.
The Void - If the character fails the next death save attempted, the character is instead in a month long coma.
I was on the par to finish up the conditioner as well, but I really didn't like it. I didn't care for either product but there was just way too much conditioner compared to shampoo. This left my hair lifeless and not as clean as I would have liked. I can't deal with not clean hair and won't be using any Aveeno hair products anytime soon.
I am a great supporter of this approach. After so many games giving an advantage to the “favorite Faction”, and some times to the “favorite Class”, I am excited to try something that may give me equality. I mean after all I don’t have “fair and equitable” in real life, but it would be so nice to have it in my MMO.
Mr. Alie Bittar, another very experienced Sports Journalist also of the UK whose ‘Africa’s Best Dressed Athletes’ has become a fixture with our readers. Experienced and seasoned sports journalist Mr. Kingsley Kobo of the Ivory Coast, who was our first and current Editor in Chief of the Magazine, Mr. Sahr Morris Jr. our very experienced and hardworking sports journalist in Sierra Leone who is our current representative for our Africa operations; Mr. Justin Lagat, an athlete journalist based in Eldoret Kenya, giving us a special perspective and insight into Kenya’s dominance in athletics; our dedicated reporter Ms. Aminata Mariko of Mali; our young and promising reporter Mr. Anephowose George of Lagos Nigeria and Mr. Thomas Meinders a German Sports Journalist with a keen eye for African sports.
Right then in the Kruta Yugam, before the Ramayana War and before the Bharata War, Ancient Indian Astronomers-Engineers-Scientists like Maya Danava, knew that the earth was a sphere. They knew how to get the circumference of the earth from its diameter. They knew that pi was approximately the square root of 10. They were seriously good at trigonometry and algebra.
In case you were wondering, I loved this book. It's a monumental effort, a complex, tangled web of narrative, a construction which conceals whatever lies at the core of the novel. The postmodern, chaotic structure of the book, moving backwards and forwards in time, seen through the eyes of an array of characters, may not appeal to everyone (there is definitely a need to trust the writer and believe that things will be explained eventually...), but it is a wonderful example of how a good writer can tell a story in a non-linear way.
Middleton had a great turnout. I think—it seemed busy. Judging by the furry pack of canines roaming the bar, I am assuming they are dog friendly (if that matters to you). So grab yr kin, grab yr mutts and zip down to Wimberley. Dennis, brewer/owner, said next week's beer list will look totally different. He knows how to spark the interest of a beer nerd.
1. Mr New has more than proved he’s reliable in his own way (As an aside: does that statement piss anyone off as much as it does me?) “In his OWN way” generally indicates it’s without any regard for anyone but himself.. Not so much, in this case – but I have experienced it in the past!
After realizing that Dr. Richter was still hazy about many aspects of his coverage, one of his colleagues gave him the name of a local long-term disability claims consul­tant specializing in high-income disabil­ity, and Dr. Richter contacted her imme­diately. She asked him to send her his four contracts for review before arrang­ing a meeting to go over the findings with him. Her goal was to give him a clearer understanding of how each policy defined disability relative to his individual situ­ation and alert him to any red flags she discovered that might negatively affect his prospective claim and payout.
south of it and also i sleep on the way back…i woke up then i prepared for transit. I saw from the window some good view.. So when i just step out from the bus i went to take it..
If you’re a regular reader of my writing on this blog, AOO, you might be wondering about what does this all mean?
And countless other classics
He wants to rock her, feed her bottles, give her a pacifier (or binkie as it’s randomly been named here). He kisses her all the time, sometimes at rather precarious angles. He pats her on the back and head and says ‘excuse me’ when she burps. He is just great with her.
The Honey Trap lip balm, I love. I probably won’t repurchase it because its not as moisturizing as I like my lip balms to be but its a nice base for lip stick, night balm and basic balm. I’m really regretting buying the tinted lip balm though, its so pigmented that my lips look like a hot pink mess when I put it on. And the tinted balm has a weird smell. On the other side of the spectrum, I love love love the lip scrub, I’ve taken to wearing lip sticks a lot this year and my collection has really grown and nothing is worse than having a great color with flaky lips! Considering I spent about $9 on this, I’m thinking about making my own with peppermint oil and sugar after I use this one up, we’ll see.
and that sucked......
In the BBC’s Real Hustle, blatant deception, carried out in the face of the “mark” results in outcomes which, if done with criminal intent, could make the tricksters a fortune, and lose the victim much.
(a) The Worlds are built “in the likeness of older Wheels”—i.e., those that existed in preceding Manvantaras and went into Pralaya, because the LAW for the birth, growth, and decay of everything in Kosmos, from the Sun to the glow-worm in the grass, is ONE. It is an everlasting work of perfection with every new appearance, but the Substance-Matter and Forces are all one and the same. But this LAW acts on every planet through minor and varying laws. The “imperishable Laya Centres” have a great importance, and their meaning must be fully understood if we would have a clear conception of the Archaic Cosmogony, whose theories have now passed into Occultism. At present, one thing may be stated. The worlds are built neither upon, nor over, nor in the Laya centres, the zero-point being a condition, not any mathematical point.
For reasons that were not sad I found myself in a cemetery last week.
We had the best time! The weekend flew by, as great times often do. I was absolutely worn out after fun with friends, but it was so worth it. This couple is so amazing and we are anticipating even better times ahead at their wedding next year!
new developments, UBC reviewed its 2011 decision
Tree Swallow 43
which parts of the last two movements (the longest) were
Environment and animals rights group, the World Wildlife Fund, says up to half of packaged foods found in supermarkets contain palm oil, including packet chips, cereals and soap.
Healthy Hair Food No. 9: Low-Fat Dairy Products
Schumpeter left a rich intellectual legacy of relevance to emerging economies and globalization in general. He is associated with at least four major ideas (in writings between 1911 and 1942).”
Feeling loved
And, as promised, here’s ten tips on how to run your fantasy baseball team in to first place.
I'm not the biggest fan of avovado, but my in honor of my mom, who just celebrated her Birthday, I thought I'd make a Grilled Cheddar, Avocado, and Bacon on Sourdough. This is one of her favorites.
ponpolo ponpolo
His foot came loose, he made it free,
This is an oxymoron
In sum, Israel has done next to nothing to absorb asylum seekers, and has even attempted a few illegal steps to keep them outside of its borders. Please, tell me that Israel's situation is difficult; that reality trumps ideals; that it faces challenges unknown to other democracies; whatever you want along those lines. But don't present it to me as a compassionate refugee heaven with a better record than any other country in the world because that is utter bullshit.
“When his fellow slaves saw what had happened, they were very upset and went and told their lord everything that had happened. Then his lord called the first slave and said to him, ‘Evil slave! I forgave you all that debt because you begged me! Should you not have shown mercy to your fellow slave, just as I showed it to you?’ And in anger his lord turned him over to the prison guards to torture him until he repaid all he owed.
Sampled on August 5, 2008
and we sat at the kitchen table.
Nicholas Royle – Anything But Your Kind
Label: Cabin Fever
I hope to post more photos of our trip in the next few days.
Congrats to you!
Outside of Asia, interest in perpetuals is almost non-existent. Europe has seen no deals this year, while North America has seen just four deals worth US$986 million (S$1.24 billion), according to Dealogic.
“Righteous or wicked, godly or ungodly, wise or foolish—whichever terms are used, the contrast in the psalm is well defined. In the OT Scriptures if one is not godly, he is not wise, for there wisdom and godliness are inseparable. This wisdom directs one in the ways of God and is to be distinguished from mere knowledge, such as an encyclopedic accumulation of facts.” (86)
I am completely at peace. What?? How did that happen?
In their civil action, prosecutors say the sandstone sculpture, known as the Duryodhana, and valued at up to $3m, was looted “during periods of extreme unrest” in Cambodia in the 1960s or 1970s. They claim it was then illegally imported into Europe and then the US.
Joseph Deluca, 52, Ledgewood, N.J.
It is one popular little town.
The West will betray the whites of South Africa, we will stand by and let them face what they must face alone, but we will confront the same fight as them in a few short decades.
There is something poignant and powerful about a prison Remembrance Service and I feel privileged to have been there today.
First, by remunerative tending to it. Your nous nous tends to give you solon of what you pay tending to. If you treat the productive aspects of your history, you are telltale your psyche that they are lilliputian. If you consciouslyment when you are creative, and you perception for opportunities to be imaginative, your brain nous give act ingestion you statesman imaginative ideas. Appear for it and you'll maturate solon of it.
Lonely, I conjure you
Well it's amazing i've managed to leave a post 3 days in row! Today's card is a Tilda card i made for a very good crafting buddy's anniversary. I love this sweet stamp and think i will be using it for lots of different cards.
Please join the discussion in the comments below if you are interested in this idea.
Follow links below for more information:
9 Foreshadowed 3:51
For me they’re without a doubt the most beautiful models in the complete 40K universe. When I painted some Drantakhs for The Guild’s sniper build it became apparent that they needed vehicles. I’ve even got a few tank commander models as a gift with one order, guys cut in the waist to fit them in a vehicle. The Dran range has no vehicles of its own. And somehow the Tau tanks seem to fit with them. Yeah, Tau troops are nothing like Drans, but I think the vehicles fit the Dran even better.
Toonman would help
“Unfortunately not. It’s a nice morning still.” He spared a glance to the seat across from her and asked, “This seat taken?”
a love of Zach Galifianakis' "Between two ferns".
People engaged in the making of remote control airplanes at their homes usually are not aware of the advantages of the foam material used in it. Some people who are new in making of these airplanes find it hard with their limited knowledge. However, it is in your own interest to get the information about the pros and cons of the foam material used before you spend a lot of money on it.
By the time we were supposed to do the next ultrasound, I knew I had to just suck it up and go on with the show. "It will be over soon enough," I told myself. This was for a good purpose.
And suppose that your favourite writer is suffering from that mysterious condition "writers' block"? Will it hep to badger him or her about what the next book is coming out?
If we think about it, if it was a male classic author that I had read first, would it be different? I wish I could love Dumas like other people do but to no avail. Why can’t D’Artanon be more like Mr. Rochester, Heathcliff or Mr. Darcy, because then I could understand him.
5. Speaking of drinks, what is the PURPOSE of drinking a diet, no caffeine soda?
I just needed to get warmed up.
I love Roald Dahl.
the eighth son of his sister Devaki. So he killed all the children till the seventh soon after their birth. The seventh child, Balrama was transplanted in the womb of Rohini , another wife of Vasudeva and was therefore born safely without the knowledge of Kansa. So the humans even in the times of great epic Mahabharata were familiar with these techniques. Lord Krishna was born as the eighth child but the entire set of guards was put to sleep on the stormy night by the divine power while Vasudeva carried the new born crossing the turbulent river Yamuna to leave him in safe custody of Yashoda..
Now we could be on a par with the politicians and scar the landscape with our own belched out creations of what we considered art or worth a second glance.
Brian Cannizzaro, 30, New York, N.Y.
~~Cuisine at Home April 2011 Issue
What attention were they already not getting while she was on bed rest?
First off, we would just like to say how sorry we are for not updating our recipes as frequently as we usually do, but boy have we got a great recipe for you... GLUTEN FREE (or non gluten free) CHOCOLATE CHIP LOAF! This recipe is easily, the easiest (and most delicious pumpkin) loaf we've ever made, and we decided to share it with all of you!
When I look into your eyes,
As we enter the Holiday Season, there will be the self-righteous and bitter amongst us, that will complain about using Happy Holidays over Merry Christmas because they are justified by their religious convictions, and yet others that will demoralize Santa as nothing more than a consumer hoax to get others to spend money and forget about the birth of Christ. The very mention of Hanukkah over Christmas will raise the hackles of others. The truth is no matter how we entertain or live this special time of year, it is about the children as well as the Christ Child. If we wish to tell the story of Jesus, light the candles, or play Santa in our homes or to others,I can’t help but think, that God who judges and Christ whose birthday it is, would be pleased we remembered to celebrate our Blessings from above. Afterall mankind, as a whole, can grasp more than one thought in a celebration, at a time, without being accused of being atheist, pagan or heathen, in doing so.
So what does “I” or “the self” mean? My attempt at an answer tomorrow, but I would be very grateful for answers below.
Mama says she's worried
4. Blog or Post on Facebook about this giveaway
Rapunzel was stuck in a tower because her parents stole from a witch.
But do not ask me to support, through work or taxes or even my time, which has value of its own, a bunch of "protesters" who only wish to take, simply because they feel they are owed it for existing. Everything for everybody, the slogan of a those who grew up getting trophies for showing up and losing. Self esteem is more important than drive or work ethic being the mantra they were raised on.
1tbsp pine nuts
Snowdrops
Yesterday, Super Junior released their latest Japanese single, “Opera“.
I picked up another bow top on clearance at Sear's. I know- Sears- how exciting. I really don't shop there much, but it's one of our local stores, so about 1-2 times per year I pick up something there. I'm so hard to fit that I shy away from ordering clothes online. I am getting braver though. I've got some new additions for spring coming in the mail.
And here's the thing, guys. I love you. Really I do. And I show that love by always trying to do the best I can for you. Writing the best possible books I can for you. I'm not a factory, though. I'm a person. And sometimes things take longer than I mean for them to, just because that's how writing goes or sometimes because things happen in my personal life.
I had originally thought about putting her name on it but then decided I didn't want to spend the time at the moment. To save confusion with later children, I'll just make them in different colours.
And then we must not forget or minimize the great efforts of our modern prophet, Joseph Smith, to write the history of the Restoration of the gospel and also his own personal experiences in great detail. What a mass of confusion we would have without those authentic, personal, carefully written records!
As you can see, just above the Fragments logo I came up with, there are tweet and Facebook like buttons. Click on 'em! Do it for me... And if you're an extra nice person, a comment will help us heaps as well.
When Amalie Ansett visits her elderly cousin on the small Caribbean island of St. Clements, the last thing she’s looking for is romance. Just out of a disastrous marriage, she’s ready to swear off men forever.
In closing, therefore: if Franklin had created a concept of a “Daniel fast” based on Daniel 10:3, that would be much more credible than the amalgam between Daniel 1 and Daniel 10 that he has constructed. Many of the things he says in his book and in online resources such as this are very good. But when the basic biblical principles of something so major as a so-called ‘Daniel fast’ are so botched, one would need to be very, very careful with anything else that he says.
There are essentially two ways by which the elasticity of an object can determine how it will behave under an applied force. Picture a metal rod of a given initial length and diameter. One can apply a force at one end of the rod and either compress it or extend it by a certain amount. The amount by which it extends or compresses compared to its initial length is called the strain on the rod. The force applied over the area of the circular end of the rod is what we call the stresson the rod. Strain and stress are related to each other according to the elastic properties of the material in question. If we represent stress by σ and strain by x then what we have is the following simple equation: σ = Ex. Here, E represents Young’s modulus of the given material. Young’s modulus is just another term for the stiffness of an elastic material and is named after Thomas Young, a scientist and polymath who, amongst other things, studied the elastic properties of matter. He was able to determine that the stiffness of the material, and hence its given E value, was not dependent on the shape or geometry of the material. What mattered was the type of material it was. So, whether we have rod of steel or a block of steel then both of them will have the same stiffness, the same E. That was a leap forward in mechanical engineer in understanding how materials behave under different forces and it made life simpler in that we had one less thing to worry about (the shape of the material) for what mattered was the material itself.
Here's a question I get asked all the time online (okay, mostly Goodreads). But still!
That means that, at my current weight… to get to a healthy weight… I have to LOOSE same amount of weight as the weight range I need to be at. So, to be at 118, I need to loose 159… if I want to be at 159, I have to loose 118. So, I have to loose a whole person. At the rate I’m loosing weight (which is a good, solid weight loss rate) it will take me *at least* another 20 months to get to a statistically healthy weight. That is almost another 2 years.
Minimal airbrushing is needed for cards of this sort. Only Bernie Carbo's uniform needs "fixing" in this case. (Perhaps the brim of his cap as well.)
Next up, i’m beginning to see how much of a son-of-a-bitch Flit is. Honestly, training his grandchild to become a pilot and kill human beings for the sake of his revenge is something I never truly expected. I mean, even Asemu hoped for his son to have a war-free future and while it is understandable that the war did not end, why did Flit go as far as to prepare his grandchild for such a destiny?
FB: Yes.
of the Secretary General, Force
Krishna said that ‘Karma is better than akarma’
So what counts as writing? I mean, does it count as writing to scrawl down a journal entry every week or so? Would that make you a writer?
No. Obviously let me know if you have been published before, but if not, don’t worry! I just want to read your submission.
But when Miss Battle-Axe makes him stand at the back, Henry is furious. How on earth is he going to get himself noticed now?
Now that I've got my rant out of the way (I'm sure you all just wanted to hear about my traffic annoyances, right?) - let me tell you about something that calms me down... soup. Yes, soup. Now that fall has set in, soup will be a regular occurrence in our house - at least weekly. And this week's soup? This wonderful tomato and roasted red pepper soup. Perfect for dipping grilled cheese!
Everyones' parents LOVED this shit. Absolutely loved it. I have no idea why. Not only did it look disgusting and taste disgusting, it smelled like a taxicab seat. And there's fucking PEAS floating around in it.
Some days ago I bought some KennyK digi stamps.
Rubber chicken's name? Rubbery.
Taka Hirata represents a few "firsts" for my portrait project. Not only was Taka the first person to represent the Topaz internment camp in my project, but she was also the first centenarian that I had the honor of photographing. Taka is 104 years old! Although she needs assistance to stand up, she was able to walk right out the front door and pose for her photograph with only the aid of her walker. She also has a surprisingly strong grip.
Black market vendors carry a table-top full of merchandise. They keep the goods mobile in case they are chased off by police. But they always come back.
* 1/4 walnuts or other nuts (optional)
"As my son nears seven years of age, the public interactions are changing. On our last airline trip, a security agent upon noticing our racial difference, looked my son directly in the eye while pointing at me, and asked him, “Who is this man?” Fortunately, my son didn’t joke back, as he’s quite capable of doing. I realized I hadn’t prepared him enough for airport scrutiny, where he could easily be racially profiled.
"They threw me to the ground and the next thing they sped off with all our luggage."
I hate them. So much so that I haven't purchased an actual pair of "real" shorts (i.e. not Sofee cheerleading shorts) in years. I've tried to like them, I really have. I try them on in the stores and then immediately think These are so dang uncomfortable! and peel them right off. When I was little, I once described a wedgie to my mom as being "all cracked up." And, that right there pretty much accurately describes the main reason I avoid shorts. They consistently leave me feeling all cracked up.
In closing, Gilmartin writes: Development requires agility, the willingness and ability to respond to a changing environment. On Atlantic Yards, we've done that. We've been appropriately nimble, making necessary adjustments in light of changing markets and demands.Is that a euphemism for dropping Gehry and indefinitely delaying the office building that would provide the builk of the new tax revenues claimed for the project?
■ claim mortgage interest as a deduction.
Thanks for dropping by today
He warned that the low turnout at last week’s local elections, in which 71% of voters in Harlow stayed at home, indicated a “crisis of politics” in Britain. “I know we have a lot more to do to rebuild that trust,” he said. “I want to reach out and understand why you don’t trust any politicians, why you don’t believe any of us can answer the questions that you are facing in your life.”
While we are on the subject of Planned Parenthood, the issue is more global than the US. When funding for Planned Parenthood dries up, it affects others on the planet. Here is the context – there is a high correlation between family size and poverty. So, it is incumbent for parents to plan for their families. The other issue of import is the Earth can only support so many people. We are just shy of 8 Billion. A study was done in the UK a few years ago. It noted if people consume like the average citizen of a poor country in Africa, the Earth could support about 15 Billion. If they consume like the average North American, the Earth could only support about 2 Billion people. This begs for the use of planned parenthood and birth control and is the bigger story.
Hilarious. At one point I was laughing so hard it hurt and I didn't know if I'd ever be able to recover.
suburban developments, fast food, planned obsolescence,
1. Meditation
I don't know why, but I was really drawn to it. Then when I got it home, I had no idea what I wanted to do with it, so, it sat outside, neglected, for a couple weeks. And then finally, I had an idea.
Chichen Itza served up Tripe Soup (wonderfully but not overwhelmingly spicy, though a little hard to eat while wading through the sea of humanity), Banana-Leaf Braised Pork, and Ceviche with Habanero. I liked them all, but there was a little too much heat in the ceviche for me to handle. "Made" me guzzle more wine than I wanted to, only for purposes of neutralizing the spice, of course.
I do not hide. I have a lot of friends coming and going in this house. If someone knocks on the door in the evening I greet them with a smile and have no problem inviting them in. Before this was very difficult to me.
Your turn! How are you keeping all of your blogging ideas in check? What do you plan on using the calendar download for? How obvious is it that I am the most unorganized organized person? haha!
Level 9 of my mini megadungeon is home to petrifying monstrosities, a “noble” court of wererats, and a massive worm (but not quite as massive as a purple worm – fortunately B/X D&D includes the smaller Caecilia which fills the same role while being a more appropriate challenge for this level).
(You, too, can be this happy.)
I am the champion of a sound monetary system, a gold standard, as it is under the Constitution, and a foreign policy based on strength which rejects the notion that we should be the policemen of the world and that we should be a nation builder.
A few weeks ago, Lisa (owner of Fancify and the Design Actually blog) sent me a couple of headbands to try out. I enlisted the modeling help of some of my adorable clients and the results are wonderful! These flowers/headbands that Lisa makes, are absolutely top notch hand crafted quality. She has several different bands to choose from, color combinations and sizes.
As the news about future supply becomes more downbeat, the hype from industry-friendly media only seems to increase. Take climate change denier Patrick J. Michaels of the Cato Institute who recently wrote in The Washington Times: "The discovery of hundreds of years of natural gas in worldwide shale deposits guarantees that solar and wind will never produce much of the world’s power."
These are higher than any of my tango shoes, yet strangely just as comfortable as my most comfortable tango shoes (which are from Jorge Nel). I wore them all night Friday and Saturday night (finally trading them out for my dance slippers for my last tanda of the night when I was too tired to wear shoes of any kind) and had no pain, no blisters, no pinching.
You may be changing the world every day in a million different ways that you will never see. Life is lived in the small things and it is the small things that tend to impact our lives in the biggest ways. You may be a life changer and not even know it.
Today, I returned to Santa Fe, NM for the first time in 15 years and to my surprise the place looked very much the same as when I last saw the New Mexico mountain town. The main difference was that the city was bathed in a fresh coating of snow. The weather was very cold, but scenery was spectacular. As a result, I was inspired to walk around the main plaza and downtown area and snap off a few pictures with my camera. The door with the wreath was shot on Canyon Road.
You must play it because when I talk about how blending the story and feel into the gameplay, this is what I’m talking about. The gameplay is seamless. You get clues of what to do through the narration of the game, and it really does trip you up a couple of times. Gameplay-wise, you take nothing for granted with this game. It is also a game I would hold up to people that say that flash games and facebook games and stuff like that are not “real games”, and that they cannot be as powerful or as potent as games that cost $60. To those people I say, “Pretentious Game”. This definitely is a game I hold in high regard, regardless of how short it was. You want a comparison to a game like that? I would say it is like, I don’t know, an indie game like Braid. It has the story, and the trippy gameplay that makes you rethink the mechanics that you have taken for granted, and the ending is sad and powerful.
the company's chief negotiator held aloft the morning edition of the newspaper,
I am so behind on my blog, and for that I apologize. In my defense, I've been working 40-50 hours a week and trying to be a good mommy to my 18-month-old. Plus, yesterday we had new carpets installed in our house which required packing everything up and moving the furniture into our dining room. It's going to take me FOREVER to put it all back. Sigh. Anyhow, yesterday on Authentique's blog, my hand-stitching tutorial went up. I'll copy and paster it here for your viewing pleasure!
Football
It was only a matter of time before the Pancake Posts and the Miniskirt Monday Posts were married into the perfect union of miniskirts 'n' pancakes. Enjoy!
This project perfectly shows off the eclips' ability to score.
I’ve lived until my late teens and if nothing else, I’ve realised that there is a loophole in every system and you’ll locate it if you search hard enough. I have ambitions for the future and I’m driven only by my ‘potential’ and the trait that I favour the most in myself: my ability to prove people wrong with regards to their ridiculously pitiful expectations of me. “If you don’t revise, you’ll end up homeless, begging for food on street corners, smelling of faeces and stale piss.” I would naturally reply “fuck you, I’ll make it somehow.”
Of course, someone like her with a rather relaxed grip on her temper, than is usually the case outside certain more secure establishments than this place, can make life a little too interesting for those in their vicinity. At least, it does give us all a chance to keep fit and to develop a more alert state of mind than would otherwise be the case. It is probably for these reasons that her children became so adept at hide and seek… as well as advanced first aid.
My husband wanted to talk.
And you’ll always try to stop me
This week was the most challenging yet for my photo-a-day project. Much like last week, the mixture of work and rain has made it relentlessly difficult to find either the time or the subject for taking photos.
So my oldest friend in town and I decided to go for it. I came home, played with Harley for about 20 minutes before I had to take a shower and leave again. We were supposed to bring canned food for the homeless as part of the benefit. I had planned to bring that, and my winter coat also, but it didn't happen. What did happen is that I freaked out when I could not locate my drivers license and my 20 dollars left over from the prison visit. You have to put your money in a plastic bag along with your driver's license and your car key. I knew I had it when I left, but I could not find it. Finally, I did. It was under a pile of something or other on a desk. But I spent so much dang time looking for them I was late and scatter brained and left without the food or my coat! DOH!
“No! You can’t do anything about it and you’re just making a big . . . thing, out of nothing,” Linden objected. “You have to stop this before someone hears about it. They won’t hurt students, but you can still get in big trouble.” He turned to Katie as the voices rose again. “This is your fault, Katie. I just hope it doesn’t come back to bite you.” He jumped up from his seat, leaving his lunch tray on the table and rushed out of the cafeteria.
This is the first in a new adult fantasy series from an American writer I've rated highly for a long time. I've enjoyed watching her style develop and mature with each series she writes, and I particularly liked this book because, while the quasi-Victorian/Industrial Revolution world she has created is still rich and full of colour and imagination, I felt that this time she reined back on the tendency to overcomplicate her plots, which sometimes make her earlier books harder work than they need to be. I'm always a fan of strong, rebellious female characters (being a rebel myself), and Cat Barahal spoke to me very strongly indeed. Kate Elliott mixes together the Wild Hunt, ruthless mages, dragons, and a new kind of magic in a brew which I'm eager to taste further. The second book, Cold Fire is out now, and I'm off to indulge my Kindle habit!
Confessing this sin of masturbation,
Let's just let that sink in.
On the contrary, Introverts intensely value the few friends they have. They can count their close friends on one hand. If you are lucky enough for an introvert to consider you a friend, you probably have a loyal ally for life. Once you have earned their respect as being a person of substance, you’re in.
As in, “Honey, we all do it! It’s the new way to communicate. You’re just makin’ life harder!”
Jason Wilson wrote a piece on session beers for the San Francisco Chronicle (which is just now starting a beer column? WTF?!) that definitely gets it. And not just because he quoted me extensively. Really. No, he clearly gets the whole thing, to the point where he recognizes that he has to up his session beer ABV ceiling to BeerAdvocate's 5% ceiling to come up with some beers to talk about...because there just aren't that many sub-4.5% beers out there.
No more death sting no more suffering
I’m just a couple of days away from completing the spinning of eight ounces of Vegan “Wool”, colorway “Deep Space #9, (love it) from Frabjous Fibers, found it at All About Ewe. It’s 100% nylon and has the most vibrant colors I’ve ever seen and the softest fluff I’ve ever felt. Oh, and hand-dyed in Vermont, USA. The colors permeate the whole hunk of it, through and through. If you’re like me, and prefer colors that really saturate the fluff, you will fall in love this half-pound of hand-dyed fiber.
The only logical solution is Jesus. As Jesus is living and eternal, He is the only logical choice for long lasting hope, joy and peace. Jesus can’t die again, so He can’t be lost. Jesus understands what you and I face each and every day, so He can have compassion. Jesus never sleeps so He can be watchful when we cannot. Everything Jesus said is right and true so He can be trusted. Jesus loves us so much that He is willing to call us ‘friend’, so He can be reliable and non-judgmental. How many of us can say that? How many of our friends and family can be relied on like that?
So instead, every five days or so I'll give you an update. Hopefully the pressure of writing them here, as well as the internet scorn and ridicule if I don't make it, will keep me on track.
Arrange cherry tomato slices in a pretty pattern on top, and sprinkle the top with a bit more cheese.
Instead, I spent my day doing completely unicultural undiverse things like getting on with my life. Had I known the UN would have disapproved of this, I might have thought twice.
Fourth round. Clear. No bubbles. Didn't set up...can you say ran off of the counter. Big mess.
I saw these prayer flags hanging on the wall in the yurt at the wellness center. I was so touched in that moment, I couldn't help but snap a pic of them so that I could take them with me wherever I go. (exhale).
But there's another reason why contemporary authors love libraries and that's the regional books awards. These annual or bi-annual events select recently published titles and bring together schools, clubs and families to vote for their favourites.
*This isn't a real genre, but I really want it to be.
7) There are blogs, I do want to respond to and help!! Yet, each time I read a post… I am moved to silence… the need to just send a positive healing forward and allow the next post I read to begin radiating the healing… knowing that the INTENT for healing is more powerful way to reach out!!
Advice: Surrender to it. Let it come through. Listen. Your ears are adjusting to new frequencies.
Peace and hair grease…
Cue Glen and Mitchell, the two hickabillies who were born and raised in the swamp. They will utilize everything from tree bark to stabilize their home to catching nightcrawlers as bait for the Asian carp they need for that evening’s meal.
This new show is about two of my absolute favorite things in ONE. (1) Broadway musicals. (2) Marilyn Monroe. Can you say HECK YES!? All of the great things about Glee are in this show: fantastical musical numbers, heartfelt relationships and friendship issues, and drama. There’s a little bit too much sexy-time, and the show sometimes slopes off into the arena of soaps, but the incredible song and dance numbers more than make up for it. Plus, one of my favorite things about it is that there isn’t really a clear-cut “bad guy.” The two main female characters vying for the role of Marilyn want it equally bad, and you can sympathize and vouch for them both at the same time. I love it when a show does this because it’s so much harder to pull off.
Data from the Federal Highway authority reveal 5,152 Iowa bridges --- most on rural county roads --- are structurally deficient, the same designation the collapsed bridge in Minneapolis received. The cause of the disaster has not been determined. A bridge is deemed structurally deficient if it needs significant maintenance, has weight restrictions or has been designated for replacement.
2. In a large mixing bowl, combine beans, tomatoes, and cilantro.
Just the wind blowing chimes. Wait… did they have chimes?
Please leave me a comment and let me know you will be willing to send a block. Please include your name and a small note of well wishes to this family with your block. Please remember, no one really knows how much time we have, so this needs to happen and happen very quickly.
Ruby-crowned Kinglet 3
2 tsp ground ginger
Level 7: MP Cost: 16, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 204%, 4% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds.
If passed in the full Senate, Article 58 of the military justice code, as it is known, would establish that military personnel accused of crimes against civilians be tried in federal, civilian courts. The action was approved in both the Senate’s Justice Commission (Comisión de Justicia), and the Primary Commission of Legislative Studies (Comisión de Estudios Legislativos Primera).
July 8 Crop Night 6pm-midnight
Nostalgia is a powerful thing
At each corner I struggled as to how to handle the binding.
There are certain authors whose books I will always buy. I know them well enough not to be disappointed, although some have fallen by the wayside over the years as successive books have failed to match up to previous ones. I read a great deal of historical fiction but only about some periods appeal such as Victorian and early 20th century history and also early-medieval England.
– I break out in hives. My throat closes up. My balls crawl up and hide behind my nipples.
I sobered up after an hour or so and still had a couple of hours before I went to bed. Nothing bad happened, but I base it on my course of action. Drinking this right before bed, like I do with the others, probably would have resulted in disaster. I'm not going to try that again. This guy chugged one, though...
I’ve been watching the cows – we now have 5 babies in the field next to us. I’ve named them with some suggestions from Angie. They are – in order by birth – Joey (for Joe – coffee), Mocha, Latte, Cappy (for Cappuccino) and Demi (for Demitasse). Joey is black, Mocha and Demi are dark brown and Latte and Cappy are a lighter brown with white faces. Cute! And they actually run through the field – won’t be long, they’ll be plodding through the mud like their mammas!
Anyway. I'm cold, broke, itchy and irritable. Thought I'd share. Muah.
This is a pic of a card I made for a recent Christening of some friend's little boy (remember the invitations I was asked to make? It was this Christening).
enough to put them on, you're just going to dance and dance.
Now these very same no-nonsense staff are going to ask me my name. My name? Why for God’s sake? Do they want to make friends? Are we supposed to be building some kind of relationship in the 3 minutes it takes to order a coffee?
Here, the formal capitalist sector is a small part of the economy. In Bangladesh, for example, perhaps well over half the people are not in the formal, tax paying / regulated sectors. In such an economy, political disputes over taxes / subsidies / regulations make little sense.
and in celebration, a revisiting of jacques tourneur + val lewton (of the glorious cat people of posts of yore).
And that’s all for this week’s Grey’s. Next week looks to be an emotional blowout, but until then be sure to leave your comments, feedback, and TwoCents below!
I stagger home with three cup cakes and a squashed slice of chocolate cheesecake for Mr Young.
This is a story that celebrates the life-force, the earth itself, and all green, growing things. It's about the joy of gardening, the neighbourliness of allotments, the cycle of life and age-old beliefs in the Green Man. It's also about the stranger in our midst who may be in need of kindness. Lob - a tired little old man on the road, and yet the one who will bring new life to all growing things - is a powerful image.
He did a great deal of the production on this too, and got a bit of help from, among others, Showbiz (of Showbiz and A.G fame (A.G also guests)). Solid, if nothing outstanding, but oft-neglected just because of the rest of the great shit back then.
No matter what the problem is, it is NEVER his fault.. This isn’t just habitual. It’s pathological. And it bodes ill if he is reelected.
To hire for pennies, have the most powerful rule and let those with out means die or die serving.
I had no idea what was going on. It looked like some girl was being taunted by an auditorium full of people and she kept murmuring this name over and over. Finally, some dark-haired, badly permed guy in a long coat shouted that everyone should shut the hell up (at least, that’s what I understood, my Japanese comprehension being nowhere near what it is now). Then he cheered her on and it made me laugh. I watched a little more, liking the female character and wondering which drama this was.
The Queen was some place hidden her wounds slowly mending.
against counter-revolutionaries.
Keera’s reply: I want things to have been how I once thought they were. I want the war to be over. I want freedom to those who were taken and changed. Although I can’t have my life back, I’d do whatever it takes to see others receive theirs back. I’ll finish the war. ''
This acute association phenomenon is known as the "I saw Pretty Woman" syndrome. In that classic film, Julia Roberts spends the better part of the movie sporting what amounts to a large tube sock and black patent leather knee high boots.
As you probably have already heard -- aren't I always last to the party? -- Richard Godwin's new novel, Mr. Glamour, is now out:
#1 Iron the fabric to remove wrinkles. Wrinkles make it hard to keep the paper with the image perfectly still. (Imperative!)
Well I can't make it that easy peasy, it is a challenge after all, so here's the twist:
I hate the term ‘hate crime’. What a ridiculous example of PC-speak. It was probably cooked up in the Office during a ‘team-building day’. Nauseating!
A group of a protesters tried to take over a building owned by the Archdiocese of San Francisco — the same one protesters briefly occupied as a commune on April 1, reports CBS SF. A protester dressed in black threw pipes and bricks from the roof of a building at police. Two arrests were made.
I've gotta stop watching tv and write.
I've seen quite a few bloggers talking about the Self-Doubt voice lately. It's a nasty one. For those of you struggling with it, here are a few things it might be whispering, and some of my thoughts in response to those whispers.
She said: "It was something I was not used to.
As I said before, the gods are more like an accent or a species than a singular. Philadelphia has an extremely different accent from Alabama, but there is no point in between where suddenly people have a different accent. The sounds morph from town to town, ever so slightly, until suddenly you compare one to another and there is no comparison.
The okra was tender and came with a few other vegetables which was a nice touch and for once the fish in the fish curry didn't taste fishy nor was it rubbery. The food was very spicy in general the way we've asked for it to be and the rice came in decent portions for the price.
Whole Lotta Love
POSTSCRIPT: The weekends only shortcoming was that it was ........ short. My son got his first real taste of knee boarding.....which he NAILED. Lately Ive been calling him crackshot after his first BB gun ability. hehehe
"Hope uncovers new possibilities and shows us what can be done. It wrestles with angels, looks impossibilities in the eye and winks. Hope springs eternal. Hope supersedes all good intentions.
OklahomaGary Slider, co-owner of Handgunlaw.us, posted a longer message on the SIGForum regarding the move by the State of New Mexico Department of Public Safety. It had been reposted on the NC Gun Owners forum.
In Perfect Chemistry, we saw bad boy Alex Fuentes and good girl Brittany Ellis fall in love despite the fact they came from different worlds. In Simone Elkeles's follow-up novel Rules of Attraction, it's a similar story, as Alex's headstrong younger brother Carlos finds himself thrown together with straightlaced Kiara Westford. But while at first glance it might look like we've been here before, in fact Rules of Attraction illustrates that there's plenty of life in the 'opposites attract' theme yet.
From central London its just a short overground train journey
Where lovers, friends and poets meet.
Thanks Mel at Scraps of Darkness for the great choices!
Worried that it might be closed when we got there, I had an alternate plan. But there were cars in the yard and it was still open. We opened the door and went in. The front door takes you past the boiler, and the steam was rising furiously and escaping out of the roof vents. The smell of this steam is heavenly. Hopefully this is what clouds smell like, if I get to heaven!
I wish I could say I was on that boat, but I only watched it from the Vermont shore. This view is toward the west, looking at New York State and the Adirondack Mountains. The lake is the border between northern New York and Vermont. While it wasn't a brilliant sunny day, there were gaps in the clouds that allowed a little of the sun to come through.
The Latrobe Brewing Company, in a small town in Western Pennsylvania, had been home to Rolling Rock from 1936 until 2006, when Anheuser-Busch purchased the Rolling Rock brands and began brewing it in Newark, New Jersey, although they pledged to carry on the tradition born in this green bottle. This saying is still seen on the back of the bottle preceded by Anheuser-Busch’ own statement of: “To honor the tradition of this great brand, we quoted from the original pledge of quality.”
You know I have a problem when I have a deep need to run to the hardware store in search of chicken wire.
We also find Erika 5 and Jocko, former creations of Victors who had managed to escape his thrall and the mess in New Orleans and had, by a terrible coincidence, settled in seclusion on a country residential property outside Rainbow Falls.
We marveled at our consanguinity.
Welcome to the blog. I hope you appreciate the articles and commentary. Please enter your email and subscribe for ongoing updates to new posted content. Please hit the "Yes I want to subscribe" button and enter your email address.
“Minutes later the door opened and a guard asked whose car was on the double yellow lines. Pierce Brosnan popped up and said ‘it’s mine’. The guard made him move it. Fair play to him, he didn’t care that he was James Bond.”
But those of you who have been here will know... It's the beat of the pavement that is so alluring... There's something about the energy here... About the pulse of the place... The ever enduring optimism... The possibility... The hope... It's all here... On the NYC streets... It's a tough place to be sure... It's grey... It's concrete... It's fast... It's furious... And yet, even in the face of this, the people walk to a happy beat...
Recently, they moved to a bigger house, on a small farm, where the kids each have their own bedroom for the first time .
Long before the internet, they created a community which stretched from Ballaghadareen to Bundoran, from Enniscorthy to Skibbereen, united by the music and by their writers’ and readers’ different visions of an Ireland in which they could feel at home, in which they could be free to be themselves. And their contribution to the success of that movement has also, in the way of things, made them part of a new establishment. But at the exceptionally advanced age – for an Irish magazine – of 34, Hot Press is still here, still looking out for new voices, fresh writing talents, music that needs to be listened to.
On Jan. 21 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., our friends at Salon Nfuse will host an all-day Cut-A-Thon, with 100% of proceeds benefiting HON (for the second year running!). The home of the official hair and makeup stylists for the 2011 CMA Music Festival is offering haircuts starting at $30 and up to $50, with owner Stephanie Trail providing cuts for $100. Appointments are available by calling (615) 649-0501. Be sure to specify your desired price point when making an appointment. Salon Nfuse is located at 2535 Franklin Pike, Suite 106.
No, I see nothing wrong with this.
The winner of the 4 digis of her choice from Delicious Doodles is #3 Theresa! And the winner of the 5 digis of her choice from Robyn's Fetish is #23 Lisa Oliver! Congrats Ladies!! You can grab your winner's blog badge from the side of the blog. Then email me at khasheck@gmail.com so I can put you in touch with the sponsors to redeem your prize. And don't forget to click on the sponsors names to visit their awesome sites and on the names of the winners to see more great cards.
And then, having escaped to Cairo, and then, onward to Maine, Viola finds herself a stranger in a strange world - she finds school to help her survive, and in time, makes a few good friends, but her mother is angry and mute, and the misery of their truncated household winds tighter and tighter and tighter -- until something breaks.
How are you doing? what have you found that helps YOU move forward? I would love to hear about it!!!
1 bunch spinach
After 15 months of trying for our second we were finally blessed in May of 2009 with our second little girl. Through my whole pregnancy I stressed about being able to BF and when "B" was born it came super easy. She latched on right away no issues whatsoever. I loved it. She was a good eater and definitely loved BFing. Unfortunately with "B" I had to go back to work. I stressed about that, I hated thinking she was going to have to get a bottle. She had gone 2 whole months without it. "B" transitioned fine back and forth from bottle to breast. I bought the highest recommended pump and off I went back to work. Working for a popular baby retail store I thought I would easily be able to pump. Unfortunately my job wasn't that good about giving me my breaks to pump and I started to stress. My supply was going down and "B" had gotten her first formula bottle at 5 months. I felt like I was failing. I thought I have to get her to at least 6 months. I was so stressed at work that it caused me to have to start combo feeding. During that same time I got extremely sick. My supply went down to "B" getting maybe 4 oz a day from me and the rest was formula. I called my LC and asked her what I could do and she told me to get on fenugreek. It helped me get my supply back up a bit but not enough to not combo feed. At 8 months "B" got some teeth in and started biting me. Not being at home and not knowing how to get her to stop biting I stopped BFing and exclusively pumped. Unfortunately for me I didn't succeed because of my job not supporting me. It got in the way of me properly feeding my child and at 8 almost 9 months "B" got the last of my mommy milk and was FF until she turned one.
The red bus takes you around the city. It is a hop on, hop off set up and comes around to the stops every 15 minutes. It is a very cool way to see the city because the top level of the bus has no roof, so I do suggest a hat and sunblock on sunny days.
Here is an alphabetized, formatted list of guest drafts if you found the one on DarkLordDay.com hard to read.
Pulis has stated he wants four more new players before the transfer window closes on 5pm Tuesday 1st September. Arsimendi and Collins look set to be two of these with rumours of Man City’s Petrov, Jermaine Jenas (Tottenham) and Gary O’Neil (Middlesboro) among the names being banded about on the Oatcake and Teamtalk MB’s.
My reaction to the initial article was "Eh, is this really news?" The "ProCro" thing struck me as a local messing with a journalist (and sounds like some crypto-fascist conservative website), as I've never heard that term before, but maybe I'm just out of the loop (at last summer's screening of "Gentrifying Brooklyn," one landlord said there was a move to dub the same area "Museum Heights"). This was, apparently, not the correct blogger response, as the online commentariat was awash in assessments of the article and the situation it describes. A smattering of the replies:
Please note that just the day before, The Man of the Place endeared himself to me yet again by scraping and painting the bird table. He also made a new roof for the bird table as the old one was deemed to be rotten.
Even though we in the United States have from the beginning avoided the conditions of feudal England, the potential for abuse is an inherent part of the right of property ownership and democracy.
strangers sharing soft smiles and
*To separate an egg white from the egg yolk, simply crack the egg and pass the yolk between the halves of the shell, allowing the white to fall into a small bowl (we will be using the white later, so be sure it has its own bowl).
The Lib Dems are f***ed.
Spring in Toronto is at its mercurial best these days. Last night we were treated to a long lightning show.
St George is a legendary man, known, respected and celebrated throughout many countries and cultures from as far as Russia to Egypt. He is the patron saint of England not because of his nationality and not for his parentage as he came from humble people but for his bravery and his perseverance, his loyalty to his upbringing and identity as a Christian.
25th August 2010
not well-versed on how to grasp for some air while swimming, I cannot perfectly do the laps. I was quiet disappointed with my performance.
with some I-don’t-know-what about how we’re ‘not anything to each other
By using nylon as a binder, Kamrin and Debbie could keep the costs low for us as dollmakers (and you as the ones who buy our dolls). Even more important than the costs is the quality of the yarn. It takes me about seven to eight hours to crochet a wig for my 50cm dolls - and after all that labour, I would want a wig to last, and a good binder is a necessity for strength and durability.
#30 Paul’s Boutique by Dan Le Roy
2 T. cider vinegar
Newly-ripened grapefruit, spiced apple, fresh ginger, black pepper - all wonderfully distinct and vital, having been blended and crafted with the most distinguished skill and precision.
wheeled suitcases they allow on board, along with a small backpack for me, and our camera equipment backpack for him.
Speaking of Beefeaters.
And it couldn't be easier to use.
it's not so bad
- You don't go out on weekdays.
That wraps up the Verve sketches for March :) I can't believe there hasn't been a skewed panel on a sketch yet...shhhhhh.....!!! I'm grinning from ear to ear, but I'm sure that will change soon enough :( So, until them, I'm gleefully enjoying the sketches and all Divas have made it back into my good books LOL!
give thanks you're alive and for those you love and who love you, don't wait for a congressionally approved holiday to be grateful. try that every day.
All of the memories of pain, suffering and the negative memories stored within your brain structure are gradually being transmuted into higher frequency Light substance. Therefore you will not remember the majority of the negative aspects of your journey, only your successes and the joy and satisfaction you derived in your adventures throughout this Sub-Universe. It is important that you understand this concept that you are on an upward spiral; however, you are now in the process of going back through the past, healing the negative, imbalanced energies and memories as you journey forth into the higher realms of the future. Your journey of ascension is as much an internal journey as it is an onward and upward march in the multiple realms of the physical world.
I was lucky enough to live with parents who valued family vacations.
Mr. Nobbs has intelligent, practical ideas on using our time wisely, especially when we’re low on energy due to health problems, but also for those of us who just plain don’t feel energetic all the time. I love his common-sense and workable approach.
* Having to manually unlock a car door
“General Manager Tara O’Riordan has lined up the Give Back @ The Grill program’s beneficiaries for most of the year ahead. Proceeds for February and March will be donated to Elizabeth Seton Academy and to Codman Academy, respectively. Monday Night Wine Club events will feature small plates of seasonal fare paired with: New World wines (Jan. 2), Jean Bousquet of Argentina (Jan. 9), Italian Reds vs. Whites (Jan. 16), Viva La France (Jan. 23) and the Pacific Northwest (Jan. 30).
Fortunately for the most part of the journey, the rain eased off and it wasn’t until we reached the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Resevoir, which I think if the weather would have been better would have been very picturesque.
Seeing the wild turkey on the hillside reminded Pete Byrd that he would miss Thanksgiving with his family this year. Archaeologists spent most of their time in classrooms and at colleges, but when they had to go out into the field they had to stay for long periods. Only seven months remained on Prof. Sinclair's grant to study the ancient Maya city of Tikal in the Peten rainforest of Guatemala, and he could not afford to lose any of that time. No days off, no slack days. He'd rest when the grant money ran out. Of course, Prof. Sinclair had flown out on Tuesday; No such luck for Pete, his research assistant.
“I cooked some beef today because it was on sale and I hadn’t had any in a while. I was going to cook a nice chicken curry with rice but then realized that it was going to be just me and I needed to eat that beef because it was starting to stink. It needed some salt, so I salted it. I’d say it was pretty okay because I didn’t get all that sick.”
Or so we think.
I added 7 lbs. of the sour pie cherries, plus 2 lbs. of sweet dark cherries with pits, to my already almost 2 year old flanders red. It really seems to have improved over the last 6 months, about the time that I added AlB's bugs to the keg and topped it off with some Belgian Dark Strong, and a bit of our latest batch of Flanders. The beer itself tastes good but it could actually be a little maltier. It may turn out less of a flanders and more of a generic sour kriek cherry-bomb, which I can't really say I would be sad about. I also added a bit of French oak to the secondary, and maybe this will all get bottled in 2-3 months time.
One of the best camping locations offered in the Urban Park Ranger lottery is at Wolfe's Pond Park, "one of Staten Island's largest parks," which includes a beach, pond, picnic area, forest and mountain biking trails. Although Wolfe's Pond is situated near the far southern end of the city, camping in the park is still a uniquely urban experience. The park itself highlights the harsh contrast between urban and natural. One section of its beach is open for swimming, manned with lifeguards, and is regularly raked free of debris and seaweed. Just down the beach, though, the uncleaned section is littered with syringes and "more tampon applicators than I have ever seen in my life," according to one camper. In Wolfe's Pond itself, fishermen ply waters littered with empty beer cans and 40's.
Oh isn't it a shame to go
I received a sample of these new Tide Pods and I have to say I was a little skeptical at first. Each pod is about the size of a small egg and I just couldn't see how that little amount of detergent (plus stain remover and brightener) was going to clean my whole wash load.
11 Jan: While researching something else, I came across a recent article by Fred Zindl that discusses the fate of the Four Brothers and their families. Tragic, and all too common for the vast majority of African musicians exploited and then discarded by the music industry.
a time to search and a time to give up,
I’ve subtitled this as a “beer diary” from the start and with that title comes the fact that from time to time there will be some heavy baggage to carry here – or I can stop posting and cash in my chips, I guess.
________________________________________________________________________
Humble containers for so fragile a mix.
Gay & Lesbian Dramas
Suppose our mythical driver systematically refuses to look at speed limit signs. He averts his gaze from any sign that even appears to mark a speed limit. He keeps himself purposely unconscious – of speed limits. At times he “happens” to obey the law, but purely by coincidence. If the man wants to achieve moral virtue as a driver and always drive within the speed limit, he must first become aware, he must become conscious of the law.
The blog becomes an actual character in the book. It grows and becomes the Blog. It insinuates itself between Stan and his life-long best friend, and more than one acquaintance is put off by what is written about her. The Blog engenders other blogs, although I find it difficult to believe that any spin-off would be as bright and beautiful as the original. Because of the Blog, Stan’s circle grows wider and he meets people virtually and in the flesh that he begins to know as friends.
“Sometimes the best thing you can do as a parent, is keep your mouth shut. My mother just listened .. and let me talk. What a gift that was.” – Diane Keaton this morning, on the Today Show
Hezekiah concentrated his defense outside Jerusalem on two sides: the passes to Jerusalem, especially those near the border of Samaria (Gibeon+Mizpah), and the three (four?) fortified cities in the Shephelah (Beth-Shemesh, Lachish, and Azekah, and possibly Socoh). He did not concentrate his defense on the Beersheba Valley. Why? Because Sennacherib had a purpose for taking over Gibeon, Mizpah, and the Shephelah. He did not, however have any clear purpose for taking over the Beersheba Valley. Why? Because the Shephelah made Judah far too politically influential in Philistia for Assyria to allow, and, more importantly, it could be administered by Ashdod and Gaza. Mizpah and Gibeon could be used to stop trade coming to Judah from the Assyrian provinces in the North or be used as springboards to take over the southern part of the province of Samaria. Both could also be administered as unfortified cities within Samaria. The Beersheba Valley, meanwhile, was a vital trade artery, offered very little threat of political influence in Edom or Gaza, and could not be competently administered by any polity except Judah. Exiling the population of the Beersheba Valley would, as Hezekiah likely reasoned, be the last part of Judah Sennacherib would want to attack.
The Republican National Committee has complained about Democrats waging a “war on Appalachia,” a “war on coal,” and launching a “trade war with Mexico.” Romney’s campaign accuses Obama of waging a “war on the entire coal industry,” a “war on carbon dioxide,” and a “war on the Catholic Church.” Romney has also said the Obama administration has launched a “war on free enterprise” and a “war on religion.” Not to mention the war on Christmas.
Paris is a huuuuuge city with 7 million and 7 million around it inhabitants.
- Oh, for an afternoon stroller (and not in-arms) nap. This WILL happen, right?
Through my life I have suffered with suicidal feelings, post-natal depression, anxiety, an eating disorder, frustrated grief and good old fashioned depression. They come and go, have come together and separately; they are controlled at the moment, life is good and I thank God for that blessing each morning. I am currently stable because I take anti-depressants every day, I need chemical help for my mental health and I am far from ashamed to say so.
Dumbbell Bench Press – 40
Oh, and then do the same with your query and manuscript!
But when you look at student political engagement since the heroic tenor days of 1936, it's hard not to agree with Spengler that the "morbid symptoms" are really here to stay.
The cal ale yeast was sort of loose and foamy when I top cropped. The Wyeast 1318 was much more concentrated, more dense, and slurry like. Very interesting contrast. I'll post pictures of the pint and a review when it is ready, next week.
p.s. I am still working on the tutorial for the Tote Bag...it is harder than I thought trying to explain what I am doing in a way that makes sense!!
Sometimes I think I should be afraid to go to sleep!
Of course this post isn’t just about a shirt I found – its about a confluence of convenience and opportunity. I know it can be painful to go through daily sale emails from websites like Gilt Group, Hautelook and MyHabit; consider that its much easier to surf a site than drive to a mall on Black Friday and hack through crowds. In addition these sites give you the convenience of knowing if what you want is available – having the available sizes shown immediately is a godsend when I think back to the days of trying to rummage through sale racks. Not only that, you can narrow down whether or not you want shop based on the pre-sale email – seeing designers whose work I’ve enjoyed before gives me a cue to check out their new stuff. If you are just in the market for a good deal keep an eye out for the word “Blowout” – I’ve seen that used by all three sites to denote a sale where they are looking clear out final inventory. Competition can be fierce for these sales – items may be sold out by 10:01 AM or 11:01 CST when the sale started but a scant minute earlier. Persistence is the hallmark of a deal hunter – you can easily find staples such as the aforementioned shirt. Remember, as part of being a 21st century gentleman, you will need to be able make use of technology – don’t be the well dressed man who’s still spending weekends at the mall trying to find the right pieces for his wardrobe. Not to mention getting gouged on sales tax…
Bake the bread until an instant read thermometer reads 195 degrees, about 40-50 minutes. Remove the bread from the pan and place on a wire rack to cool.
I applaud the Mayor; I guess this initiative is better late than never. But, it does appear to look like a major ‘mea culpa’ in the final leg of his term, as he finally turns his attention (and vast wealth) to probably the most marginalized and historically ignored group of individuals, who truly needed it, and could have benefited early on from his philanthropy and administration the most.
Some of the men were drinking cans of beer and they started singing songs about Paul Hartley. The bus driver said he would stop the bus if they didn’t behave.
But there is even more to it than that - you must then remember ALWAYS to put the light on when entering said garage otherwise you will fall over the 3 baskets, 2 whiteboards, vegetable rack, 28 footballs, 300 plastic bags, 12 pairs of wellies and wobbly footstool you got from a charity shop which you thought was shabby chic but in fact is just shabby...
$16.00 Lawn Ticket Available – April 20 – April 29
And all the thoughts shall be a glow of suns
Well here it is, another Met Monday and I think I am actually going to make this one! Be sure and link back here for more at http://www.betweennapsontheporch.blogspot.com/
Thank you all so much for your words of encouragement and the many beautiful scriptures you've written about this week! I am working on a thank you post in the best possible way you can thank a reader in the blog world....with links!
Beyan invites Ben to a football field and does some baton twiriling, which was cute in Sonoma, but now started freaking me out a little because to War Horse’s credit, I kind of get the horse obsession because at least they are living beings and any time they race you are allowed to wear stupid huge hats and drink bourbon until the stupid huge hats actually look sexy on girls. I mean, bringing back the baton? Band camp.
Richard Anthony - La Terre Promise
1/3 c quinoa flour
Don’t get me wrong, the move to Milton Keynes was ridiculous. I have no time for anything surrounding a subterfugeous redevelopment scheme (which is in essence what was going on in Milton Keynes. Ask Asda.)
Speaking of Westchester sprawl boosters, remember Richard Brodsky, the Assemblymember who managed to convince half the liberals in New York that congestion pricing was a tax on the poor? He was elected from Elmsford, a Westchester suburb that lost its train station in 1958. His district does include walkable villages like Dobbs Ferry and Pleasantville, but it would be significantly more transit-oriented if there were still regular train service to places like Elmsford and Ardsley.
Simple. I hadn't read the book.
Shanghai Tang is an international clothing chain company, founded in 1994 by Hong Kong businessman David Tang Wing Cheung and now controlled by Richemont.
“Yes, sir,” the guy in the back seat says. “From all the information which I’ve been able to get, she was taken to this hospital.”
Mad Men smoke all the time and talk about cancer as they’re doing it. Of course, “the studies” are new and inconclusive and they choose to whistle past the graveyard. After all, Lucky Strike is one of their biggest clients. They drink, too. At work. Don Draper has a fully stocked bar in his office. I’d have to take a nap.
Well, this weekend hubby and I went to garage sales. I went back to the lady with the new Christmas items and of course I found some more goodies. I purchased several more ornaments, but this time for my pink tree. I did buy some more Santa's but I did not take pictures of them.
Lee Smith's timing seemed very good in 2003. But now it doesn't. For one thing, he had to wait in line while voters put in Sutter and Gossage, who were already on the ballot. For another, saves are no longer in vogue as a statistic. And, perhaps most of all, his saves record has been shattered by Trevor Hoffman and, more significantly, Mariano Rivera. I say Rivera is more significant because Rivera has raised the bar of what a closer can be. I don't think anyone can look at closers the same way after Rivera, with his 603 saves, his 2.21 career ERA, his 0.998 WHIP, his almost miraculous postseason record.
One who is trustworthy in small things will also be in big ones. So, we’re founded to doubt about the ways that have allowed the company FITECO and particularly Mr. Jean-Marie VANDERGUCHT to achieve a turnover of 60 millions euros. According to the echoes of FITECO and specially that of Mr. VANDERGUCHT, I face a dangerous and unscrupulous adversary. Certainly, I am not their first victim, but it may be that I’d be the last one …
Open up paint.NET and then go to the "file" tab and find the "open" button - this leads you to your files where you can find the image file you want to use.
I would like men to consider that they also have these choices - in theory, at least. And if the choice is not there in practice, then I would like them to think about why.
Prep work the night before: Soak rice, soak beans
It’s the greatest gift,
Read that last sentence again, carefully and think about it hard. What does it really say about what the two people in the sex scene are DOING?
I started making my own laundry detergent, but when I get to the bottom of the jar have been known to buy an eco-friendly jug from time to time. I also use soap nuts as a back-up. My all-natural home made detergent works well, but it needs some tweaks and I need to work on a follow-up on this.
How do you suppose that the Lord would look upon a man and a woman whose marriage seems to be largely for the purpose of living together and sex gratification without the responsibilities of marriage? How do you think that the Lord looks upon those who use the contraceptives because in their selfish life it is not the convenient moment to bear children? How do you feel the Lord looks upon those who would trade flesh-and-blood children for pianos or television or furniture or an automobile, and is this not actually the case when people will buy these luxuries and yet cannot afford to have their children? Are there not numerous people who first buy the luxury article and then find they cannot pay the doctor or a hospital bill incident to childbirth? How do you think the Lord feels about women who forego the pleasures and glories of motherhood that they might retain their figures, that their social life might not be affected, that they might avoid the deprivations, pains, and agonies of childbearing and berthing? How do you think the Lord feels as he views healthy parents who could have children but who deliberately close the doors by operation or by contraceptives, close the doors upon spirits eager to enter into mortal bodies?
The first episode is called "God is Our Pilot": Chode and his "faithful" android, Gus (think a limp-wristed-er version of Threepio) take a trip back in time and kill God. I mean -- what do you do for the rest of the day, right?
QVC’s parent, Liberty Interactive Corp., will release its fourth-quarter earnings Feb. 23 at 11:00 a.m., officials said Wednesday.
One point, by no means minor, that goes totally unexplored comes from the BBC's own table of apartment space data. There we see that the average apartment size in Italy is actually smaller than the average apartment size in England.
The global demand for smartphone is increasing every year. From where Samsung is currently positioned and from the efforts they putting, Samsung will benefit from the growth and can even boost its market share.
Even when you know it’s for the best, that His design for you is better than you can imagine and what ultimately comes to pass is for your good, still it’s nonetheless disappointing in the moment.
Mika Brzezinski
According to this article, there is a language barrier that is responsible for the communication void between teenagers and their parents.
In 1969, I returned to my country, Puerto Rico, engaging in diverse political activities as part of the Puerto Rican revolutionary movement in our struggle for independence. I physically witnessed the police attack against the central officers of the Movimiento Pro Independencia (MPI). In 1970 I was arrested in Puerto Rico and accused of being an organizer of the Movimiento Independentista Revolucionario en Armas (MIRA) which was involved in armed struggle during those years. I was never convicted of such charges. In 1980, the charges were dismissed for lack of evidence. From 1970 until my arrest, I lived clandestinely in my country. The persecution of independentistas by the federal colonialist forces, the numerous attacks and assassinations executed by the right-wing forces (including police ‘death squads’, and other vigilante groups which were organized or encouraged by the CIA and the FBI) and the repeated threats against my life made by these same elements have not permitted me to assume an open role in the struggle for the independence of my country. This personal experience confirmed the significance of the concept of ‘clandestinity’ which is an unfortunately necessary response to the consistent repression of the nationalist movements in particular and the independentista movements in general.
knows his name (at least everybody who's likely to be
Sheryl Sandberg … It is possible to run a company worth $100 billion while still leaving in time for dinner? Facebook’s Chief Operating Officer, Sheryl Sandberg recently admitted she leaves work at 5:30 p.m. to be at home with her children for dinner.
And to make things even more interesting, if you follow the news you know the Dallas/Fort Worth area got hit by some tornadoes. Yes, one went right over where I was. Fun times. There are other things that have happened, but I've written enough about these dark days. I want to move on. So four weeks of utter chaos. I hope the Black Cloud is done with me. If anything good has come out of this, it's that I've found an inner strength I didn't know I had.
Templeton Rye is a fairly new rye whiskey that is, so far, only available in the Midwest. It is made by a company in Iowa which buys the whiskey from Lawrenceburg Distillers, a large distiller (formerly Seagram's) in Indiana.
Stephanie Lee
Learned: Etsy has a great interface to set up a store and list items. BUT! I was so overjoyed I did not compare which venue has lower fees for selling items. Curses!
Who is feeding who?
Tongues of Fire Headbands Craft- Use card stock paper or cardboard to cut out flame shapes. Have the children paint them with water colors or glue red and orange pieces of tissue paper on it to make it look like flames. Use a strip of paper for the headband, fitting it to each child’s head and using a stapler to secure the headband. Attach the flames to the headband using the stapler as well.
I could say that I enjoy the community spirit that trick or treating, Harvest Festivals, and parties engender.
Shift by Em Bailey
We’ve all had the experience of reading a book, being completely immersed, and then, whoosh, we’re thrown out of the story. It can be as simple as a misspelled word or as grievous as a character whose name has suddenly changed.
Can you be consistent? Back in high school, I can remember a lot of classmates that lived their life-like a roller coaster, up one minute and down the next. It never failed that someone would act extremely hyper one day and announce to the world, “I’m feeling so happy right now” while jumping up and down at their seat. Then the next day that same person would come walking into class looking like somebody just died and break the silence with, “Today, I just feel so sad and I don’t know why.”
Carry your grenades.
"Start in G, it builds up so change cords on the break and I'll follow you to?"
There can be no return to the period of social democracy after World War Two when there were uniquely high levels of productivity and growth and workers were able to win some reforms including the NHS. Today capitalism is in its most profound crisis since the 1930s. The capitalists have no real solution, and as a result are divided on the way forward, but there is agreement that it should be the working class that pays for the crisis.
Pink shimmer balls
Hope you enjoyed seeing my Holiday projects, and try a pattern or two yourself!
They don’t just limit their self to the stroller G2, they also have a stroller with a detachable skateboards for the tots that enjoy gliding while mom pushes little baby brother or sister in the stroller. Carseats available as well all on their website orbitbaby.com this and the bicycle stroller I mentioned in my last blog by have to go on my “suggested items” list for my employers:)
Basically if u find urself getting the highest grade in the class then getting the lowest grade in the class on exams. Sometimes i get 100 and feel unchallenged then other times i am pulling up the bottom grade in class. Fortunately i can pull it up to a high grade. I have had this issue my entire life and it relates directly to my mood.
The first recommendation, after the required 6 - 8 weeks of "quiet, dark time", was to soak the roots (but not the bulb itself) in warm water for several hours.
I need to make an egg casserole for a church breakfast on Sunday. Anyone have any good recipes they can point me to?
Africa! I love wild animals and I figure it would be big enough to keep me occupied for a while.
Timely: I believe that Baroness Warsi speaks for most people in this country
as I often do whilst in the zone with my spirals
remaining cookie slices, and seal edges with a
3.What do you want to do?
We don’t walk alone in this valley. Many others have walked through it too, and walk through it with us. Look around you and there you will many others – a whole community of fellow pilgrims walking with you through this valley. From their presence, we can draw great comfort and strength. We are not alone. Sometimes after a funeral you feel so alone – all your relatives go home – and they should! Your friends get busy again. Looking at some people’s friends though, I don’t think they all follow the usual trend of neglect!
Well I'm off to say farewell to a teacher that is leaving tomorrow. Enjoy your Memorial Day!!!
One small hitch, those nieces and nephews are not even in our country, but sitting down in Mexico.
Following last week's batrep it is onto Game 2. Scotland was scheduled to play Wales. Wales were the highest ranked Home Nation at last years ETC, facing down heavy weights including Germany and America to take 7th place. It was going to be a tough match.
This is my favorite room in the house. If I have a minute I come in here to think. In a couple months it won't be my room anymore, and we'll have to start moving out the cozy bed and put in a crib. Is there a weight limit on cribs? Maybe I can still come in here and read and think for just a few more months.
Patty is in the midst of figuring out what she wants to do with her life. Her son died just over 2 years ago, she’s divorced and living with a man she’s in the process of leaving. Recently she met a friend of her sister’s in Florida, had relative fun with him but no big deal. She came back to NJ and EIGHT DAYS LATER he moved here. This is the kind of effect she has on men. Except women love her, too.
Even though these last weeks traveling have been long their have been many highlights. The best one for me is that, through Face Book, I have gotten back in contact with my childhood best friend. You could not ask for two people are that are more different, then or now. Even back then our parents really could not understand what it was in the other that we each liked so much. But our friendship was very close for close to a decade.
a few fries…
Fellows found a “deep-founded cultural belief” that body parts can solve any problem, from poverty to health issues. The research was conducted between May and September last year in four South African provinces and six in Mozambique.
The imaginations of more than 200 schoolchildren from more than five Abingdon schools were given a jump start on Wednesday Nov 30 as they listened to multi award-winning children’s author Frank Cottrell Boyce talk about the inspiration behind his books.
"16And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.
Anna Neagle Victoria the Great
It is the story of brave Rajput Princes reduced to running heritage hotels for white tourists., and coming to terms with “changed times” and “equality”.
It’s coming! The snow is still there but the ladybug proves that it’s coming. Spring, spring, glorious spring.
I am confused…
I am looking for a few guest bloggers. I'd like to have 5 lined up for the days around Easter. Drop me an e-mail or connect with me on Facebook and we'll work something out. Thanks!
Sixth, a trainee is basically a glorified assistant. Your responsibilities seem only to be helping out with the setting up and breaking of camp, helping preparation of breakfast, lunch and dinner and cleaning, and mingling with guests on the drives. Not hugely laborious, admittedly, but I thought the idea of a trainee was that they were “trained” on how to do the job. Rather than teach us any of the accounts, or how to get groups through immigration, or organise local safaris, we were just used to make the boring jobs easier.
It was only a few short years ago that the telecommunications industry’s attention to green strategies and environmental sustainability seemed to hit its peak of excitement. Although it might be on the back burner now due to recent events (for example, the Verizon union strike), providers are acting like ducks on the water – they appear calm on the surface, but are paddling like crazy under the water, employing solutions to increase their own energy efficiency, while offering their customers improved options to do the same.
