Morning everybody,
Don't get me wrong, I was never expecting high art... Fantasy fiction is usually trash, but hopefully fun, easily read or at least distracting and disposable trash for long train journeys. But no, I didn't enjoy the earlier Forgotten Realms, Dragonlance or Warhammer novels I read and dismissed them for many years.
The Citadel’s victory in the ’27 SIAA tournament has always struck me as comparable to Charlie Brown’s motocross triumph.
Between the four of them, they articulate virtually every perspective on abortion — everything from “it’s devastating” to “whatever” — because that’s what they do; they blather. There’s no conceptual consistency to their opinions; they haven’t really thought them through. But neither does any one of them question the utter necessity of getting that abortion. “What’s she going to do? Have a baby and take it to her babysitting job? That’s not realistic,” Hannah insists in one of those perfect moments of clarity. Let’s face it: the idea of any one of these girls taking on motherhood is appalling.
If you write from a second-person POV
This time last year, I couldn't sleep at night thinking about the foster children I knew we were supposed to help. Now, I'm blessed to spend all day, every day with 6 beautiful children. I don't have to work, I don't have to worry about daycare, I get to see everything happen for the first time. I do need a break, don't get me wrong, but a vacation from them shouldn't be a longing or even a need. It is definitely a want.
The distance of much of the Left from such a fully revolutionary perspective is measured in the choice to follow various state powers that claim to oppose U.S. hegemony–that is, to merge the anti-war struggle with acceptance of counter-revolutionary anti-imperialism, such as that of the rulers of Iran. [14] Some anti-war demonstrations have even excluded leftist Iranians who oppose the Islamic Republican regime of Iran; some have barred denunciations of Syria’s Assad.
The Act’s renewal was successful, and specific provisions again came up for re-authorization in the middle of 2011. Obama unconditionally supported their renewal, as well, and as Politifact reports: “By reauthorizing the Patriot Act, President Obama guaranteed (barring any judicial action) that the law will live on in its current form until June 1, 2015.”
Estrada began considering running for mayor of Manila middle of last year. Estrada emphasizes his Manila roots by saying that he was born in Tondo and that his father served as a long-time Manila city engineer. Despite this, Estrada, who served as mayor of San Juan from 1969 to 1986, is still vulnerable to charges of being a carpetbagger.
If you have any questions, let me know. I will update this post as people choose letters.
The Pathétique directed by a gay conductor is the type of shit Susan McClary lives for. But while the bassoon/bass opening (no bass clarinet short cuts here) was one of the darkest I’ve heard, musical events unfolded without Nézet-Séguin making them conform to some anguished programme. The Philharmoniker gave it their lyrical all and at points were clearly expecting to give more – some funny (but good-humoured) looks exchanged between the players said ‘we spent 20 minutes on that entry in rehearsal and now he doesn’t even bother to cue us’, though nothing suffered, except perhaps for what Nézet-Séguin might have been setting up before the second subject (put on hold for too long, though with a second subject as sincere as this one I wasn’t complaining). In the development, climax and closing chorale
If on no harmful deed they do such skillfulness bestow.
The Changes
This rose would have to be one of my all time favourites. Don't know the name of it, all labels seem to come off and I lose track.
Marquis de Sade: Why not? Have you ever tried this?
gahanā karmaṇo gatiḥ
Charles Gregory John, 44, New York, N.Y.
Whether you’re downsizing your home or just starting out, professional organizing and decorating author Kathryn Bechen will show you how to create a space where you can live well regardless of the size. Dedicated to helping small space dwellers thrive in their home for over 20 years, Bechen wants everyone to feel proud of their comfortable and welcoming living space regardless of the square footage.
Myers looked puzzled. “I’m not sure I follow…"
Sheep farming in Cumbria is different from down in the south. They have different local breeds, and a different way of grazing the sheep. The sheep next door to us are Dorsets crosses, and they are contained within fields, but up on the Marston's Farm they have Swaledales, a local breed, which are hefted to the fells.
Start Now
Promoting Enterprise – to identify the organisation that best promotes enterprise.
Perhaps I should have mentioned this earlier.
Floor Plan of the Space Before and After
In a recent craft magazine the free gift was an Easter-themed decoupage pack of Forever Friends images. (I'm afraid I can't remember which magazine and the pack doesn't say on it!!) I don't normally do decoupage, but these images were so sweet I thought it would be a shame to completely waste them, and here's the result of my first attempt.
Now finely chop the onion and gently fry in a little oil and butter (yes more butter) for about ten to fifteen minutes in a small pan until it is very very soft and sticky. Keep the heat low and don't let it burn. Set it to the side
Shoes and socks.
Last but not least. I take a little piece of felt and glue it to the back so it adds that finished touch!
Topics covered: in-depth photographic theory and technique, photographic genres and historical mentions, in addition there are articles written by photographers expert in different areas, an extensive chapter on studio photography, tutorials for Lightroom and Photoshop.
We retreated to our hotel and finally got into our new room. It was quite hot this afternoon, and we are trying to pace ourselves in order to get to Cambodia. Steve still has a cold, and my foot is still on the mend. We decided to go to dinner at the Barbeque Garden Restaurant so we walked the three blocks to find it without any problems. We ordered our skewers of meat, and then we cooked the skewers on the grill at our table. It was really delicious, and the place had a very nice atmosphere.
The hundreds of daffodils and tulips that bloom today in my gardens, that took years to plant and propagate, will bloom next year for a new family.
Rose Ashton-Weir, 18, alleges Geelong Grammar gave her inadequate academic support, particularly in maths. Seeking compensation in the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal, she said her final secondary school score was too low to study law at the University of Sydney.
Some troops spend most of their time hiding from the enemy, using terrain to their advantage to strike at the right moment. They know the lays of the battlefield and move fast where they are needed.
Is David Boreanaz leaving Bones? It’s been the question of everyone’s mind after the star sent some cryptic tweets earlier in the week saying “Done. That’s a series wrap for me folk! #Bones”. At first, I thought maybe he was getting confused between series and season. Then Exec producer, Hart Hanson, was tweeting him thanks. I then woke up to the tweet on the right on Thursday morning. So I’m very confused. When I find out more, I will keep you all in the loop. But really, you can’t have Bones without Booth!
From veteran author Hugh Matthews comes a rollicking tale of captive trolls, dwarven revolutionaries, and serpentine magic, set in the award-winning world of the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game.
Guess we didn’t have anything to say yesterday so come talk to us in the forums, maybe we’ll have something to say there.
"as smooth as silk" ?Thai air
Like I said, we should've kissed Elvis when we had the chance.
But I was yanked away from all that as the gunshots started. I had to give my mind a few seconds to wake back up. A series of fast short bursts. Thump thump thump thump thump. Silence. Thump thump thump thump thump thump. Silence again.
Next I went to another special fave, Samuel Smith's Winter Welcome. Now this is a glorious winter brew – the alcohol level and malt combine for a nice warming effect that sits in your belly like a nice glass of hot chocolate. And it's even better when you get a fresh bottle, not the two-year-old bottles I've been drinking (see earlier posts).
What surprised me is that a majority of orchid growers worldwide are more curious about how they can buy Dokmai Garden’s orchids, than offering help in saving the wild Thai orchids. The problem is that if we start trading orchids to make money to run the Orchid Ark, then we can not get a salvation picking permit. But if we have no money, we can not do anything anyhow. Feel free to advise!
Glycerides – See Glycerin.
we made believe this was the end
one little kiss,
It seems there never was a time when there was so much despondency on the part of so many people — and which, according to some reports, includes all minorities (including middle-class blacks), not just whites. Eight months ago I published a piece titled Why Are Whites Leaving South Africa? and that webpage is still one of the most frequently visited by readers — presumably South Africans — living here and around the world.
"Teach us the Ass360!"
I see myself as a gypsy Christian: a wanderer and a “wonderer”. I borrow truths from here and there, and with them I continually build my own paradigm of the universe. I seek transcendence through revelation, through beauty, and through creativity. I keep my mind open to the freedom God has given me, and, in that same freedom, I explore and question the universe.
We never know where the time has gone. One day we look up and everything is changed. Not necessarily for the bad, just different. You have lots of time with giggles and laughter left. And with the three new additions to your family there will be plenty more. Congratulations.
So, is sobriety enough? Sure, if you want to live a life afraid of what you have been and unable to function because you keep falling. But if you want the abundant life God promises us (and who doesn’t?), then you need to push on to recovery.
Big viral marketing operation of Lush who abuses a young woman in a shop window in Regent Street in London.Jacqueline mutual aid, 24 years, and tests all products that undergo the experimental animals, depending on the brand of cosmetics.
gathering up my Visa card bill, my Pennysaver coupons,
As we wound up our trip with the obligatory ‘after’ group photo (including two chairs with Bright Mini Kegs to represent our fallen comrades) we bade farewell to Bright and pointed the wagons homeward. Carefully planned piss stops, sorry Pit Stops and pre-arranged drop offs were confirmed and we were away. These plans were all soon discarded as we stopped off at the Milawa Cheese factory and several bladders proved to be less iron-clad than their owners had given them credit for.
Five weeks ago, The SPC Blog announced the impending publication of a major work on SPCs: Ergänzende Schutzzertifikate mit pädiatrischer Laufzeitverlängerung / Supplementary Protection Certificates with Paediatric Extension of Duration -- a commentary on the law relating to SPCs by Dr Christopher Brückner (Patentanwalt, Apotheker, Bardehle Pagenberg, Munich) and Peter von Czettritz (Rechtsanwalt, Preu Bohlig & Partner, Munich). An introduction to this work's content and methodology can be found here.
What an opener. You probably couldn’t ask for much more than that. But I soon calmed down after the initial excitement. Following that were several pages of solid, professional feedback which pointed to weaknesses in the plot and the characters, amongst other things. It was exactly what I needed. But the great things was, these things were fixable and with a bit of effort were fixed. It was money well spent as far as I was concerned and again, spurred me on further.
I chose a craft covered box over-layed with fabric lace and a beautiful shade of dusty rose ribbon. Her florist created a live flower boutonniere that was attached to the package before delivery.
We have not had an honest media in the west for decades, every news reporter lies constantly and with the accustomed ease of an aged harlot relieving a drunken businessman of his wallet. Every presenter or dramatist has become a propagandist and every commentator an advocate. Even those who are secretly sympathetic to our cause must deny us and lie about us for they would never work again if they did not.
and to proclaim the Word of God, with power, in front of committees in Washington D.C. God will roar against sin… iniquity… God is about to roar… “sin will be judged”… in the nation… in the family… in the individuals… in the churches… If God cannot roar through His church, He will roar through His creation… floods… earthquakes… rain… hurricanes… drought… tornadoes… And He is doing it… What caused God to roar… The sins of the nation (Amos 1:3-2:1-8)… God roars eight times in these verses. He roars against six heathen nations and against Judah and Israel, the heathen world and the church world.
The woman must be humble as a lamb, diligently as a bee, beautiful as a bird of paradise and fidelity as a
I first met Kristen and Grant at The Spring Wedding Show when they came to take my workshop. They got a demonstration of the Adana press and printed a set of personal stationery complete with lined envelopes. A few months later, Kristen and Grant booked some PIY (Print It Yourself) studio time and spent the afternoon printing their own save-the-dates on the Craftsmen.
This week I watched a couple of exceedingly frivolous episodes of Masterchef on BBC2 and it reminds me how many chefs still aspire to present a Picasso on a plate. Somewhere abstract impressionism is alive and getting very fat in a modern kitchen. It’s how uneducated, but skilful, souls refine their finer motor operations and prove they know their gauche from their gouache.
Well, let's go!
Some women, because of circumstances beyond their control, must work. We understand that. … Do not, however, make the mistake of being drawn off into secondary tasks which will cause the neglect of your eternal assignments such as … rearing the spirit children of our Father in Heaven. Pray carefully over all your decisions. President Kimball (Nov 1979 The role of righteous women)
3/16
Katie...there's a lot more going on with her than what I've told you about. She's older now, and I know she wouldn't want me pouring out all the personal details of her struggles here, so I kept my comments brief and deliberately vague. She does have a counselor she sees regularly. It's the same counselor she saw after her mother died, and she's a wonderful lady and very good at what she does. Katie likes her a lot, but she won't open up to her either. Like me, her counselor is at a loss to explain why Katie, who is normally the most open and expressive child I've ever known, has suddenly become so shut-off and withdrawn from the world. We know it started when Victoria died. We know that's at the heart of it. But until we can get her to talk about it, we can't know what's going on inside her mind or why she has allowed it to affect her so deeply. And not knowing is really scary, especially when I consider all that she's been through in the past, and that none of it has ever affected her like this before. Her ability to express her emotions and talk about her deepest feelings and fears has always been one of her greatest assets, and her ability to tap into those feelings and understand them and make sense of them is what got her though the early years after her mother's death. Something is very very wrong this time.
“It covered basic anatomy, needs of chickens, a little bit of the history of chickens and how to take care of them to be healthy and happy,” said Ayer, adding that the event was a success with about 50 people in attendance.
'It is apparently understood by serving police officers that one of the reasons, if not the reason, for the change in practice is so that the DNA of the offender can be obtained.'
Varðeldur
From the very firt time she saw him she thought he was so
You have to check this out... my card is made from Toilet Paper... well part of it anyway!!!
They don’t understand what it means to sacrifice or to go without. For them, sacrifice is eating an unfrosted pop tart, fornicating with an unflavored condom or settling for less than an unlimited phone plan. Take away their cushy duvets, parental fawning and Junior Shopper credit cards and they wouldn’t last 5 damned minutes in the cold hard world.
Widowed Grace Roberts comes home from her factory job one day to find that her eldest daughter Bonnie has run away to London. Utterly distraught she has no choice but to carry on with her life, struggling to make ends meet for her and youngest daughter Rita. Her boss, Norris Finley is a powerful and calculating man. He promises to assist Grace, but his help will come at a hefty price…
Freezer Burn by Edison Rocket Train
Any life on earth is a chance given to respond to situations that life deals out to you. How you respond determines how you live. If you sit and reflect on the entire universe and the various changes taking place, you will humbly accept that it does not matter who you live for at all. It is not a question of whether you live for yourself (selfishness) or you live for others (unselfishness), which is how worldly view attempts to bucket people.
At that time the focus was on a resettlement area called Limehill, which was in Cos Desmond’s parish, and it was the place to which people from Maria Ratschitz were being moved, not only from church-owned farms, but from other places that had been declared “blackspots”, such as freehold land that had been bought by black syndicates before the Natives Land Act of 1913 prohibited such purchases.
Of course we know that there’s been lots going on behind the scenes to get them to the point of being able to sit up or articulate or whatever other development it is, but it’s easy to forget the backstory and just get swept away in the it-happened-just-like-that front end of the story.
I have learned over time that I and only I will control my energy and love and only I can keep it pure by letting go of any negative experience and negative souls that I encounter, you can not let yourself be pulled into the distorted lives of others and stay at peace within your self.
or is that a heel? Hush, keep sleeping, don’t worry
He first recorded "Peace Train" in 1971. Forty years ago. During that time, I discovered there's a peace train that runs through me, and that's the train I have to be on at all times if I'm ever to see the world I hoped for back then. Here is Yusuf :
Oddly enough, there have been books that have a huge page-count that I’ve flown through (the expanded edition of The Stand for example), while there are others with a shorter page-count that have bogged me down for one reason or another (a lot of times it may be that a book fails to engage me fully in the first 100 or so pages. I tend to try and give any book I read at least 100 pages to grab me. Harder to do with a Kindle, so it’s now either 100 pages or 20%).
But, as to the aforementioned type of CDL, as Seinfeld would say, “Not that there’s anything wrong with that!” But Dog and I have a more profound, spiritual bond, based not upon our "image" or the fleeting notice and approval of others. (Also, Dog growled loudly and fiercely when we attempted to dress him up in a white jumpsuit and cape as Elvis Dog on his first Halloween. And he prefers to sit perched on the top cushion of our bedroom chair than to be confined in any type of bag—even a designer-type.) Dog is a free spirit and I honor and respect that about him!
“Like what?” she asked.
The crowd sight outside the Embassy would be a turn off and think you might not be able to settle your application on time. Well, that's what I thought. Stop it right there and don't think of returning the next day as the sight will be more or less the same. Just walk in and you will find out that the foreigners section is not that crowded. Well, of course there's still a line but it won't take too long because it's just the matter of dropping off the passport with the necessary attachments.
THE DARK KNIGHT WAKES
I started reading Daniel today. It has long been one of my favorite books.
"That's the Way It Ends" (including "The World") – (3:00)
The Christmas Blessing ... LMN ... 8 PM
Plus, may I add that this year's festival poster is the best ever? Marilyn has the right idea - this year's fest will not only be a birthday celebration (Cannes turns 65!) but also très glamour. Looking forward to the world's most prestigious 10-day birthday party. Especially since the guest ist includes Brad Pitt, Robert Pattinson, Nicole Kidman, Marion Cotillard, Matthew McConaughey... not bad! (My birthday is in September, think they'll all come to my party too?)
I see a name that references apology
Let’s see… Waking up in your arms is one of the best feelings in the world. It’s almost difficult to explain, but let me try, anyway. It’s this feeling of being surrounded by all this sinew, flesh, and warmth, and being cocooned in that little space where time really doesn’t have a meaning (because I’m barely conscious at the time). Feeling so protected and safe that even in that height of vulnerability, all I feel is this immense sense of goodness. That’s what you do to me. That’s what you give me.
must be celebrated now, the newfound gold
My daughter in law was recently at our local Target store and witnessed a funny yet amazing moment I just had to share. The store was totally packed with Mother's trying desperately to gather all of their kids school supplies. With many of these Mom's were just as many kids, and their siblings who weren't happy about the process.There isn't anything more stressful than shopping to the sounds of screaming and crying kids,most of us have experienced this with our own. I'm not sure who it's more stressful for the parents or the shoppers lucky enough to get out without their own fussy brood.
15. Gross! Gross is one of the most overused words of the English language. Gross, is still used as a way for teens to define their inner meaning. Which means, parents get to hear, gross being bantered about a thousand times a day. “That’s so gross, Dude.” “Gross me out!”
Although Symantec recorded a drop of 20 percent in new vulnerabilities discovered in 2011, vulnerabilities in mobile systems increased by 93 percent.
she’ll follow you
None were lost.
Stephanie V. Irby, 38, New York, N.Y.
Laura Flanders and Noam Chomsky, AlterNet
I don't know what it is about the budget labels, but I just love buying the albums on those old budget labels! Most of the time, I find that the covers were just much more fun. You could almost always count on a pretty girl on the cover (the "cheesecake" covers), as this album illustrates, although this one is probably less "cheesecake" than others. This particular album is by Herbie Lane, with whom I am not familiar at all. But it's a pleasant enough record with all familiar pop standards. I think it was worth the 50 cents or $1 that I paid for it. :-)
My bed is cozy and light as a cloud
Writing: A+
True circle of motion,
8. Cut the tubes of dough into pieces about one inch long.
Claire wins a $10 gift certificate from Guylou's Inimitability Store and will also be invited to be a Guest Designer on an upcoming challenge in 2012. Congratulations Claire!!
NAB booth #SU9702
People have different styles of communication. Depending on your style, you may have an easier or a more difficult time. Those who have the intellectual trap may find it more difficult to commit without conditions and reservations. Those who are emotionally centered have an easier time with the emotional clarity that true bids for power need to be authentic. Whatever your style, communication should be addressed this month as a way to clean up messy commitments.
The only problem now is that the windows look tired.
day 16- december 25
Those Heirloom Tomatoes are the basis for this delicious undone Caprese Salad. This salad is really very simple to assemble!
What does that translate into sales?
Unlike these rather austere meddlers, the organisers of the Festival XYZ, by their own admission, seek to highlight the contributions that keep French live and kicking. Whilst having a jolly good time. As they put it succinctly and clearly on their Facebook page, " ce festival d'hiver apporte sa contribution en musique et en textes à une langue vivante et sonnante... Le Français. En y associant un son nouveau, elle va plus loin encore dans le déchiffrement du mot Mot (mo), n.m. (lat. vulg. mottum, mot et grognement, du v. muttire, grogner, murmurer). Son articulé, composé d’une ou plusieurs syllabes réunies." You have to love the etymological component in their mission statement.
*Kabocha - Real Ale Mini Cakes with Brown Sugar Cream
Not only can our mouths impart life to others; we can benefit ourselves with our mouths. When we thank and praise God or rehearse his promises to ourselves, we build our faith and increase our joy.
While CNN is "exposing" the inequity of the anger-inducing conservative radio airwaves and the president is attacking Fox News, BO's plans to control the internet are coming closer and closer to fruition. Slamming the door on internet communications amongst conservatives has to be a primary goal of this administration, so they are feeling their way on that angle, too. But here's the deal. BO can shut down the internet, pull the plug on Fox, cram the AM airwaves with tree hugging communist whackjobs, and we'll still win. We will win because we have something he does not: love of our country.
A pre-fame Elton John and Roger Hodgson out of Supertramp join forces with Caleb Quaye (see track 8) to produce a happy hippy tune. It’s rather laboured with its references to pixies and “corduroy toadstools” on the ceiling, but how often do you get the chance to hear Roger Hodgson sing about this sort of thing? Consider yourself treated. Or not, if you feel that way about it. Just don’t call it a “guilty pleasure”, for f__k’s sake.
In many ways, this unassuming and largely overlooked compilation does a better job of exploring the more obscure side of Ardent's late-sixties and seventies output than the much more high profile Thank You Friends comp. Focusing primarily on the production work of Terry Manning, who was also moonlighting at Stax at the time, this set features some of the lesser known, but no-less essential, highlights from Ardent's heyday. Criminally ignored power-pop bands such as Cargoe and The Hot Dogs are represented, as well as a couple of wonderfully over-the-top late-sixties solo tracks from Manning himself.
seeds beneath a bird feeder
Ingredients for Pierogi Dough:
Sugar Free Jello (as a treat every once in a while)
He moved buoyantly from the wash-hand stand, and endeavoured to slosh me on the back again. Foiled by my nimble footwork, he staggered to the bed and sat down upon it.
Spoon batter into pans (batter will divide into about 1 1/4c for each of four pans), and bake two at a time until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 12-15 minutes.
As we followed the coastline of Dingle Peninsula, the sun was setting creating an array of beautiful hues of golds and greens and blues. The sheep pastures outstretched all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. I can still feel the chilly wind on my face along this beautiful grassy stretch of Ireland in the fall. See this photo enlarged in the “Gallery” to truly appreciate how beautiful this area truly is.
I ended up spending about $10 more than I made, so I'm only out the $10 and we're set for a while....at least til the next consignment sale. Ha!
* Denial of remorse and gratitude
Last week I had my 4th co-training experience with Lyssa Adkins. We co-trained a CSPO course in San Francisco, California. What an amazing experience it was. Lyssa and I spent a good amount of time preparing and getting to know each other ahead of time. We we met up Monday evening at her hotel the ideas gushed out and we quickly came up with a great plan for the next day. In fact, it went so well that we did a joint Blog posting on one of our ideas. Check it out:
Since I could not possibly feel free to express myself fully under the restrictions imposed by any one of these "freedoms", I seriously doubt I could make any serious contribution to any site that required my compliance with all four of them. Nor would I find much interest in saying anything that I could say without transgressing those "freedoms".
“Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hast sent me.” What do we conclude? The God of our fathers is the Lord Jesus. He chose Saul of Tarsus to be the apostle of the Gentiles.
Miss Eastern Dakota 2012
I)Idealistic
There will be a discount for buying more than one cd at a time as well as buying the entire set.
We have learnt to rush but not to wait.
During my 20s, I was off working, they were still building houses. Always said ‘hello’ and always happy to chat. He also worked in a pizza restaurant (can you call it that?) in the local multiplex cinema complex.
The day they switched my job, I said no freakin' way and quit right there and then. My boss's boss is a great guy, though, and I decided to stay and write one module of content. When that was over, I'd be moving on.
This is Monty, he is the King and was here first, he’s a normal pet type budgie from a pet shop. We originally got him in November 2009 with Eric who sadly passed away on 23rd January this year. Eric and Monty were best friends.
On the weight loss side of things, I sometimes wonder if I should even weigh in at the gym. It gives me such strange numbers, and Mondays seem to be the worst. But I do go, and I do hope to see more changes in the coming weeks.
BOOTS!
This is for you……..(and you know who you are).
The next evening we had our good friends Honey-D and Honey-J over for dinner. They're both Taiwanese and have been together for quite a couple of years now. I asked them why there are guys out there who exclusively dates white guys.
This wholesale destruction of wealth and capital came with more than ample warning. Turning over every couch cushion to make their new entitlement look affordable under Beltway accounting rules, Democrats decided to raise taxes on companies that do the public service of offering prescription drug benefits to their retirees instead of dumping them into Medicare. We and others warned this would lead to AT&T-like results, but like so many other ObamaCare objections Democrats waved them off as self-serving or “political.”
I love to know who visited today, so please leave a comment by scrolling down to the end of the post and clicking on comments.
Something for everyone. Kids’ favorites: chicken nuggets, mac & cheese and more. Be sure to try our new Fajita Station. Create your own – fill a tortilla with your choice of chicken w/peppers & onions, pulled pork, fresh made pico de gallo, chili verde and other mouthwatering sides and toppings.
- 2nd way: An experimental version- pureed sweet potatoes with miso, maple syrup, cumin, paprika and cinnamon. Oh yeah, and coconut milk.
In the mainstream media, there has hardly been any discussion of whether or not attacking Iran would be a horrific war crime that deserved prosecution. The tension between Iran and the U.S.-Israel alliance has been a hot topic in the media, but I have yet to hear talks of the war crimes committed. This is a prime example of how controlled the mainstream media truly is. In America, it seems to be alright to call other leaders dictators or war criminals, yet when it comes to their own president, such labels are considered blasphemous.
3. The mad craze for pleasure, with sports and plays becoming more exciting, more brutal and more immoral;
Given that it is now all but illegal in South Africa to report the race of either victim or the perpetrator of a crime (unless the perpetrator is white and the victim black) and as modern South Africa's official crime statistics are notoriously massaged, it is impossible to know the exact numbers of farm murders that have taken place. Many reliable sources estimate the figure as close to 3,000, but even if we take the more conservative figure of 1,600 quoted in the politically correct South African press (but not quoted at all in ours) this is three times the numbers killed by the South African security forces over a period of 43 years, and which the UN calls a crime against humanity.
Good morning everyone! Look at what I awoke to this morning-a newly hatched painted lady butterfly I have raised from a Caterpillar! I will be showing some of my favourite photos of them before I set them free in a couple of days, all five have now emerged and are all doing well-mainly drying their wings at the moment :-) I hope youve enjoyed me sharing my excitement! :-)
¾ cup flaxseed meal
First tho we would like to say thank you for all your fantastic entries & your continued support, it really does mean the world to us......you are the reason we are all here.
On February 12, 1943, Wingate and his Chindits crossed the Chindwin river and proceeded into enemy territory and war mythology. They severely damaged the main Japanese train line, which forestalled any Japanese offensives. The Chindits then crossed the Irrawaddy river, penetrating deeper into Japanese territory. Unfortunately, the allied intelligence was faulty about Japanese troop strengths and conditions in the area. The Chindits were unable to recover supplies from air drops due to the constant proximity of large Japanese troop concentrations.
“Apparently he hasn’t answered these yet. Thankfully.” She shook her head.
I love wearing vintage and second hand clothing because it's a chance to reuse something! It's not just about being "in". Wearing vintage goes hand in hand with the eco movement the world is continuing to move through.Vintage will never be old to the people who appreciate it. I personally wear it because everything has a story, and I especially love the items from my favorite decades. I've always loved the 60's and 70's.
Today’s post is experimental. I almost never write directly on the blog; I write what I want to say in a Word document first. Some days I spend more or less time polishing it than others, but I always do some reviewing and editing.
I served this in pasta bowls with a mild cheddar cheese for anyone who wanted it. If I’d had Parmesan I think this would have been nice. I’m sorry that a lot of my cooking is by eye and I didn’t weigh anything out to be more accurate.
I am writing this at a time when Karachi is engulfed in violence. Just when we thought things were back to normal, and bodies laid to rest, there is news of shootings in Lyari, and an attack on a vehicle at Boat Basin. In the backdrop, there is a larger, duller violence. There is a strike every day -- paramedics for higher wages, people protesting lack of bijli, gas cuts, petrol price hikes, and mehngai. In rural areas, the poverty is so deep that without whole-scale governmental intervention, creation of livelihoods, investments in agriculture, there is no stopping the train of devastation. Instead, beguiling government officials and army walas sell farmland to foreign business, grant permission to the same to sell GMO seeds, and allow back breaking loans for mega projects. In cities there is a vile corporate takeover-- monstrous constructions of elite towers and malls, fully air-conditioned with glistening floors, are in full flow. Billboards outside my street are lit up by a generator guarded by a man in a van. Both funny and vulgar, it seems. In the meanwhile, a girl slips into coma after the light goes out at a government hospital and there is a lapse in her post surgical care. The elite, some of whom partake in the liberal activism, appease themselves, its about fueling the economy when they persist in hosting a top class fashion show -- but their real crime is not in not cancelling the show, but willful blindness to how bleak reality is for the rest of the people.
only thing I can't do is crochet, but that's not for the lack of trying!
Kelly was now following the man toward a private room to talk. Following the detective. Tony Pazzini. Her heart raced and every nerve pumped adrenaline. He still hadn’t told her anything other than he needed to speak with her in private. However, her gut told her what was coming.
I survived Day 1 of the 21-Day Sugar Detox! Woohoooo 20 days to go!!!! Wow I can’t think of it like that it seems so far away. One day at a time or my head may explode.
I'll try to post more regularly for awhile again.
Give a young boy — 16 years old — from the ghetto of Soweto, an
Paul and I tell her that she can't get older. She's practically perfect as she is.
If current polls are to be believed, that was a huge strategic error.
No wonder he wasn’t popular then.
During shooting, Despins concentrated on the camera and lighting, very much in collaboration with the third member of the team, cameraman Jorge Guerra, while Dumaresq, playing Louis-Jack, took greater responsibility for nurturing the performances of the other actors, in particular Kit Gleave, who played Duffer. Despins describes the approach: “Bill often was the one who would talk to Kit. It was a good thing, simply because Kit had to be assured about Bill, given what was going on. I was looking at a scene where Bill's doing something awful to Kit, and I was admiring Kit for just being there, right? Bill would have been reassuring Kit, and as the scene was, in a sense, in Bill's head, that relationship was very important.”
"The Way My Baby Walks"
"You just be yourself pet. You've come to long a way to sell yourself cheaply.
achieved related to goals.
This train, faith will be rewarded
To fall for this again?
Meantime, if we bear witness today to Spartacist movements rising in our midst, such as the mass strike movement in Europe, let it be so that the tools of deliverance are rightly the heritage of all free men and women. Let the gains of Spartacism roll on high, as a gigantic eagle set out to free those who were enslaved by the evil overlords.
My youngest son was dragging his feet and said he didn't want to go tubing. I think he was just cold and needed some time to warm up in the snack bar area. When he got to the bottom of the hill his first time, he bounced up and down with glee, saying, "Again! Again!"
Nowadays, if you want to get published, there are so many options. If you persevere, it will happen. If you do what it takes: pay attention, edit, submit, pay attention, edit, submit. It’s everything after publication that zaps your time, energy, and emotional stamina.
I shifted in the bed, getting up and walking downstairs into the living room. I sat on the floor in a meditative stance; half-lotus, my fingers assuming the chin mudra. My mind swirled as I tried to remember the dream, simultaneously attempting to observe my thoughts, and yet go deeper into the meditative state.
After that dive, we returned to Kokomo for some dinner and a contemplative evening.
Home Address: 960 STATE ROUTE 212
The index is based on a large national sample, typically representing about 20 percent of transactions for existing-home sales. In developing the model for the index, it was demonstrated that the level of monthly sales-contract activity parallels the level of closed existing-home sales in the following two months.
Niel McLean was the first keynote speaker proper, talking about ‘What next for online education’. Niel helped put together the original ICT curriculum in the UK and had lots of interesting things to say. I was particularly struck by his thoughts on the 5 basic competences in ICT (awareness, user, maker, evaluator, holistic) and we hopefully will be using them to think about reshaping our ICT curriculum over the next term. He also talked about the way that technology gets adopted in schools and that it has to reach a certain point for it to begin to give a return on the financial investment. For technology to really make a difference, the whole system needs to be redesigned in order to enable really innovate use of ICT.
2. Brush pork with oil and season on both sides with fennel mixture.
The claim in the Hansen NYT piece that the Midwest would be a dustbowl in coming decades thus runs contrary to peer reviewed literature and recent assessments by the U.S. Global Research Program that emerged from the synthesis of current understanding by an expert team of scientists.
As time passes, I'll see how this works and decide if it makes sense to continue. My dear friend Terry Kelleher got the ball rolling with his website AlpillesNews.com; it served a great purpose and is definitely missed. Now I'm hoping I can take things to the next level and I really hope you'll all participate. All advice and comments welcome!
She does not understand me the way you do.
Blair is also credited with helping open radio frequencies, so that Wataniya Telecom could operate a mobile phone network in the West Bank. Wataniya is owned by the Qatari telecoms giant Qtel.
But seriously, it was one of the best weekends I ever had.
Throwing its words back and forth into the waterfalls of existence
- cancerkillingrecipe@wordpress.com
Earrings: Lia Sophia
17. Grazin' In The Grass—Friends Of Distinction
The TSA is sexually abusing fliers and subjecting men, women, and children to hazardous X-ray screenings at airports
This is probably going to the the most biased review I’m ever going to write on this blog. There just aren’t enough words to describe how much I hate this book. I’ve been a long time Moon Knight fan against all odds. He’s never been all that popular of a character and is, in fact, typically considered a joke. But for some reason, something about him has always appealed to me. When I got back into reading comics back in 2008, I was thrilled that there was a solid, well done Moon Knight title coming out. And then it got cancelled in 2009. Vengeance of Moon Knight had a pretty strong start but quickly lost its way by the end of the series. Then we got the 3 issue Shadowland: Moon Knight tie-in. I really didn’t think it could get any worse than that steaming pile of crap. Boy was I wrong. Instead of actually trying something new with the character, Bendis simply imported his Ultimate rendition. Not literally of course, but he warped what was a solid concept (of an ex-mercenary who may or may not actually be crazy and who just wants to be seen as a hero), into a genuinely schizophrenic mess.
Let’s take the time,
One need only revisit Obama’s campaign and his first year in office to grasp how audacious his capacity for lying was and is.
The ending of this novel is a blockbuster. You will not easily forget The Long Goodbye. Like its title (and the title The Big Sleep), this novel reverberates, drawing our attention to the profundities of existence.
Because he is married, Msgr. Steenson cannot be ordained a bishop, and so he will have to ask bishops of the Catholic Church to ordain men for the ordinariate.
We do hope you'll be able to join us for our 4th challenge and remember if you would like to be considered for our GD for challenge #6 then please add 'GD' next to your name when adding your entry to Inlinkz. Entries for this challenge close at midday on Friday 1st October.
The players, for the most part, seem unconcerned with, or at least used to, the lack of attention from their fellow students.
My beautiful wife has just completed her 42nd year on this mortal coil. This is what I baked to celebrate the occasion.
-...because I just realized that I do have a thing for redheads! I've already cited Jamie Bamber, Damian Lewis, Benedict Cumberbatch and Rafe Spall for their gingery ginger-itude, plus the young Timothy Hutton in Ordinary People before he turned gray for Leverage. Then there's this picture of the young Alan Rickman (hot) and another of the young Eric Stoltz (hot only between the late '80s and mid-'90s).... and don't even get me started on both Ryan Gosling and Edward Norton in their red-headed phase either.
“Please be reminded Singaporeans, you are all descendants of Chinese and the Chinese blood flow in you. Don’t think you have been transformed to ‘Singaporeans’ from ‘Chinese you can be arrogant. Actually you are not even worth a fart!”
New gutters and edge flashing around exterior wall tops and edges
*Being a person with principles and integrity/ Ethics
Lizzy snapped her head around, let out her held breath, and several silk scarves in the rack she was hiding behind wafted out. Her gauzy view cleared.
Roll out dough to 1/4 inch thickness.
But these obvious softcore flourishes are really the most boring aspect of the film, so obviously catering to simple titillation that the images fail to be even remotely exciting, in any sense. Rollin's eroticism is more memorably embodied in the pair of twins (Cathy and Marie-Pierre Castel) who serve as Georges' servants and seem to exist primarily to dress up in a succession of outrageous sci-fi fetishism costumes. In one scene, as Georges talks on the telephone, he idly plays with the girls' clunky, bizarre costumes, seemingly as a substitute for the bored doodling that most people do while on the phone. The twins are eerie and strange, like almost everything in this movie, and later they become perfectly synchronized, hand-holding avenging spirits, their faces smeared with blood as they relentlessly pursue their victim through a graveyard.
Take it slow. Enjoy it but don’t be in a hurry.
Dinner Dates.
PAWS has taken in at least eight bear cubs this year and it costs $70 per wee…k, per cub just to feed them. Bear cubs are much like teenage boys…they really will eat you out of house and home!
A couple of tourists intercepted my wife at a seafood joint. Their query was unique: “Say, we’re looking for that sauce you serve with seafood. You know, the white stuff with the lumps in it. Do you know what we’re talking about?” The answer was tartar sauce. The Wife replied that not only was tartar sauce freely available in restaurants, you could make it yourself with mayo and relish. The visitors from afar were confounded.
Yes, this scares the ever-loving beejeebus out of me. Yes, I know that sonograms aren't entirely accurate.
And I’d burn my old house down
“but I logged in at 9.30″
(Silence on my end.) “Is the computer unplugged?”
South Africa boasts some extremely talented directors, actors and film makers. But I think, perhaps, we don't boast about them enough. For beyond "Tsotsi", which won an Academy Award, how many South African films can we name offhand?
I’ll take notice of it now.
If you're just learning to cook then I would recommend a *Betty Crocker Cookbook, Better Homes and Gardens New Cookbook, or The America's Test Kitchen Family Cookbook.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
I added some cool masculine brads and some baker's twine (you know how I LOVE baker's twine). That's it.
Oh, and I almost forgot! This is me signing the contract. I am very serious, because this, folks, is a very serious landmark for me.
And yet, I am still groping towards seeing other people rather than projecting onto them. Perhaps this is impossible, perhaps one can only see in another what one can admit in onesself; so it helps to be able to admit the diversity and variety in onesself, in order to see others better. And I think that I do react badly to that in other people which I deny in myself- in any case it is all about me, but insofar as I can accept myself, I can see and accept others better.
Me personally, I wanted to talk about all the information that was expanding in me all day the day before…. or how incredibly I got to see exactly how synergy worked and understand fully why it is so important for what we wish to do.
Love ya. Mean it.
He is really Crisóstomo Ibarra disguised as Simoun.
Great scene:
but he suppressed the need to
I drank a lot of water today, and not just to ward off hunger, but because I was honestly very thirsty. Maybe our bad Chinese meal last night did it, but I haven't gone to the bathroom yet (yes #2, this is a raw blog so that will surely come up again as it's a part of knowing your digestive system) and that is very strange for me. I feel a bit bloated—ready to eliminate the toxins and rejuvenate with nutrients. The biggest shock was that my hunger was never in my stomach (which only growled twice) but in my mouth. I had to ignore the smells of food in the office that triggered saliva, and I even gave away the last piece of chocolate I had at my desk. That is a true victory right there!
14. Nikita breaks our hearts.
The thing about this book is that I think it will appeal to some of you who mostly read YA or who aren’t really into your typical romance novel. There’s a character growing up. It is a sweet story about falling in love, but that’s not all it is and there are no sexytimes included. And it is all very fun and pleasant reading. I urge those of you who like a story about love and friendship and growing up and who have a weakness for nerdy boys to check this one out. I think you’ll enjoy it!
Grand Prize:
Before I read books I like to look up reviews on them, both to make sure a book isn’t a totally dud and also just to get a feel for what others think. “The Faith of Ronald Reagan” didn’t rate all that highly, with reviewers saying it was too fawning and sweet. But I’m so glad I went ahead and read it, because I just loved it.
Plotter or Pantser?
Vall. His energy was extraordinary. Just like the music, so
Despite this I got a delicious pint of the Mallinsons Nelson Sauvin. They are making a determined bid for my 2012 top ten, having been a kind of begrudging choice in the past, whether by fault or accident. The Nelson Sauvin was a great chance to separate the flavour of the hop, which I was now clear didn't have the acidic, chemical bite of Simcoe.
in 1 Samuel- when she was crying out to
Vegan is active about ending exploitation, it is not merely passively avoiding it.
This will be short. I LOVE these glosses. Go get you some! And goodbye!
Hit films like Bridesmaids and The Hunger Games have eight nominations and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 has 6 nominations.
& right as I thought that, the book fell shut
for a fun day out after the prayer service. I went and got
- 35% of the names are incorrect. the amount sounds significant but Foursquare is in the average
No, they don’t tell him this because then he’d be like, “Um, f*ck off, crazy Vulcan tradition.”
You won't have to think twice
So as one can see. I watched this movie for all the wrong reasons and BOY was I surprised while watching it. The Woman in Black actually scared the living crap out of me. I haven’t been this creeped-out by a movie since I watched Martyrs in 2008.
‘It’s hard for a son to break away,
Mandeville, LA – I have with great energy read and re-read Prof. Clyde Wilson’s essays available online. Essays that move the real freedom loving journeyman to action in words and deeds. In this excerpt from the Nov., 2011 issue of Chronicles Magazine (a great mag to subscribe to!) Prof. Wilson lays out the best case for what the American Revolution produced I have ever read. One cannot help but feel compelled to run or gallop to the local, burst the doors open and yell “the Fedcoats are coming, the Fedcoats are coming” and then begin the manly task of recruiting militia and pamphleteers to abate the attack. Please share this article with everyone you know. Beseech them to resist forwarding Obama’s latest birth certificate or the “How to stop Agenda 21 for Dummies” guide, they will not save republicanism. Understanding, believing and living as [r]epublicans is the true “last, best hope of Earth” this essay will inspire anyone to that calling. – Mike Church
There is nothing unusual about using real news stories as the inspiration for popular drama, indeed Dick Wolf, the producer and creator of Law and order, is quite open about the fact that many of the story lines are based on news items, and claims that many of the shows are, in his words, “ripped from the headlines” . However, it seems that, although many of the scripts may be based on real events, the resulting dramas do not accurately reflect real life.
(I would so carry a yellow purse marked with crosses and dots.)
Now, of course, I’m really glad that book was never published. I’d have been embarrassed by it. It was the original Bloodstone, in fact, and it wouldn’t have been right. In fact it would have been disastrous. There’s usually a good reason for rejection, even if you can’t see it at the time and you’re biting the carpet in frustration.
Creme stayed silent as Brulee continued to speak.
K: “What did you write?”
-reduction of 10 days of annual leave
That’s the point….feeling special. What can we do to let our loved ones, family and friends, know just how much we cherish and adore them?
Hope to see you at my event at the Grey Lodge Sunday afternoon, and I hope to see plenty of you out and about this week. If you see me, say hi!
Anyway, yeah. Cold! Well-digger's ass! Witch's tit! Cold as hell. Cold as all get-out. Eskimo's chuff! Whatever that is.
Life with Lulu has been a blast and I am so grateful for all the friendships it brought to my life! I'll be closing "lulu" in a week or so!
HAYDEN: It would be very difficult for me to conceive of an operation like the one that took place on Sunday that did not include in its preparation information that came out of the CIA detention program.
You start to think that something is wrong with you when your stomach growls… or when you get irritated because you’re not having your usual chocolate fix at 3 in the afternoon… or you’re eating carrots… when you really want to sink your teeth into a Big Mac And Fries.
Potatoes 4.26.12
Members of the West Broward High School team wore the traditional Muslim headdress during the final game of their regular season in order to support their 17-year-old captain, Irum Khan, who has often been the victim of name-calling and racial slurs because of her faith, the Sun Sentinel reports.
Noah’s Ark has a range of hands-on and interactive workshops which are sure to engage and entertain your class, making for an unforgettable day out in Bristol.
I'm kinda glad this week is drawing to a close. It's been one of those weeks when it seems chaos reigns and things feel like they are falling apart. I'm fine, but I feel all around me, the people I love and care about are having a rough ride. Friends are battling illness, my dear mother in law has to go into a nursing home- as hard for my FIL as it is for her. Girl Child moves into temporary digs today after the flood. Her job interview turned out to be some kind of a shady scam - watch out if you post resumes on Monster. Luckily she did a bit of research, and knew it smelt beforehand and decided not to go. To top off her bad luck this week, something sentimental was stolen from her apartment during the disaster clean up. Everyone I see and talk to this week has had a crappy week.
Do you espadrille it? xv
“The truth is, this is a burgeoning field. It’s a thrilling time to be Canadian and writing crime fiction. Look at the huge international success of Alan Bradley and his brilliant Flavia books. Look at thriller writers like Rick Mofina and Linwood Barclay, who tops bestseller lists all over the world. Look at Owen Laukkanen and DJ McIntosh and Chevy Stevens and Peggy Blair (who won this year’s CBC Bookie Award for Best Canadian Crime Fiction) — newcomers who are setting the publishing world on fire and giving notice that Canadian crime writers are at the top of their form.”
May 3rd is our 2nd Annual Faith and Solidarity Breakfast! We invite you to come and share a meal with us as we gather to reflect on our work, to honor the work of our beloved Rev. Dr. Norman Faramelli, and hold up the faithful witness our members give to the labor for worker’s rights!
Also, it is a good shot of the gray in Sam's beard.
America Patchworks is collecting 1,000,000 through local quilting stores to give to needy and hurting children & adults. The store in Bluffton IN is one of the stores you can take pillowcases in to, and they will get them to the organizations. I took in 3 the other week that I had laying around my sewing area.
Mr. Gehry, who designed the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain, and the Mighty Ducks hockey training facility in Anaheim, Calif., said he had never had an opportunity "to build a neighborhood from scratch in an urban setting."
1/4 c cucumber, finely diced
Thinking about thinking in another language….
My decision to consult with my copyright lawyer was not made lightly. Like many of you, I see lawyers as a last resort. The unlicensed printed plastic tote bags were already being sold on Amazon.com, Barnes and Noble’s web site, and other global websites. This was no small matter. Designs I had created had been sent overseas with no proper copyright attached to them and this had implications for my business. It was not so simple as calling the neighbors and asking them to turn down the music.
One corner of Marian’s mouth turned up a little before returning to a scowl. “No, I’ve got to get home to my own supper. I only came over because I was driving past your house, which I normally don’t do. I think it’s best that neighbors meet face to face. Prevents problems later on.”
Son: "Yeah. That's her."
He came to bed and I turned out the lights.
So I must say, this was the short, short, short version of opening up a shop, I guess I should add a disclaimer that there is A LOT more that goes into it and this shouldn't be used as a template. I just wanted to share some of the experience. So then of course I must "plug" the store. Anyone in the Denver area come in and say hi! You can find the address, phone, etc from the links below. Check us out at:
Last but not least, boys. Aren't they always a problem? YES. To be honest, I have more boy friends then girl friends. Boys just seem to carry a lot less baggage with them, and thankfully, aren't drama-filled. But what stresses me out the most, is after all that I 've been through, I STILL have hope. I don't know how I carry on, and still believe that not every guy is the same. I've been cheated on more times than I can count on my two hands, I've been lied to on a daily basis by numerous males, and to top it off I've been broken up with a bajillion times! (Yes, I'm overexaggerating.) I can't seem to grasp the idea that "everybody has somebody" because when I finally seem to find a glimmer of hope in a dark cove, it always disappears.
Although as unconventional as IVF may seem, I am starting to settle into the idea and it feels like the right place to be.
I have finally gotten around to reading Journey to Ixtlan, the Lessons of Don Juan by Carlos Castaneda. Better late than never. The line which applies here is from Don Juan's observation "Everybody thinks someone is doing something to them. But no one is really doing anything to anyone." We have to suppose that a huge majority willingly, consistenly, allows themselves to become pythons thinking pythons always triumph, let's go along with them to the bitter end. The problem with that is once the belly is satisfied it always craves more unless you personally reach for a higher relationship. It is up to us to to make that reach. Once you make it, you'll wonder why you didn't make it sooner. The timing doesn't matter, the reach alone matters. Being here matters. We were freely given a present of life, let's look further inside the box. There is a lot of good stuff in there we've cast aside because a fleeting authority of the moment decreed we look to them instead for our sustenance.
To be clear, the magnetic field doesn’t just flip, but rather, the Sun essentially sheds its current magnetic field and regrows a new one every 11 years. Currently, the Northern portion of the Sun is further along on this process than its Southern counterpart.
Here's a visual for those who crave that sort of thing:
She engaged him in heated debate on policy matters like the rights of women and was wont to chide him if she thought him too demanding of others.
Awesome! And I’m sure there are other bits I missed.
Yet you are
I can tell you in one word: robots. All kinds of robots, anthropomorphized or not. Of course I was always into sci-fi cartoons for kids: Voltron, GoBots, Transformers, etc. But when I think about it, my love affair with science fiction developed concurrently with my love for robots, technology, and science fact.
My brother is sitting in front of the TV, playing a virtual game of Monopoly on my iPhone. He is focused on his Monopoly game, and only listening to the commentaries from the TV about the soccer match. He is facing downwards most of the time, and only looks up when the commentator’s voice get excited.
Thank goodness, then, for long copy, which can be described as any attempt by an advertising writer to capture your attention for more than a split second and tell you a story and entertain you by making you laugh, smile, cry, change your mind, or perhaps even all of the above.
As I was waiting my turn, I could hear chatter from her area. And me and my big ears couldn't help but overhear that she was moving. When she called my name and I approached her, I immediately asked her if it was true. Was she leaving???
McKay’s refusal to actually apologize is held against him by, among others, lawyer and legalization activist Douglas Hiatt, who told SW that the former prosecutor has never faced his "moral culpability." But that doesn’t seem to bother Emery, whose harsh words are reserved for activists like Hiatt who are critical of I-502.
2Came together with one purpose, to make war against Joshua and Israel.
Decisions...decisions....
The library staff support the use of books and other information sources, ranging from the fictional to the documentary, from print to electronic, both on-site and remote. The materials complement and enrich textbooks, teaching materials and methodologies.
& open some presents
Aluminum foil (the cheap kind) behind a piece of mica.
is the danger
Nevertheless, the first thing a Jewish king was commanded to do was to write a scroll of the Torah to ensure that he would obey and enforce God’s laws and commands, rather than his own. A Jewish king must always remember the source of his authority, and that is the Torah or God’s laws. The scroll which he must always carry served as a constant safeguard against arrogance and abuse of power because the true purpose of a Jewish king was to serve as a moral guide and leader to his people.
The New York Mets announced Ruben Tejada and Fernando Martinez will be joining the club in Philadelphia this weekend.
Police in the city of Jeonju said the 68-year-old woman has taken, and failed, the written test repeatedly since April 2005.
"Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid." - John 14:27 (NIV)
A Tree Falls On Cambridge...Yikes!
Ideeli.com states the following:
Getting my employer to agree would be tough....but I believed I could do it.
Here I am trying to catch a bit of a nap. I was worn out even if the kids had plenty of energy. I think I needed a vaction from my vacation! The roses were beautiful, and all the floweres were so pretty around teh gazebo and walk area. It was a perfect time of day too, as the heat had already left the valley as well. We even bumped into one of my co-workers as she biked home from an appointment (I know I had more fun than she did that day!)
Nick Nolte (Affliction)
Read it? Good.
Between their shadows and the sun,
I still love a bargain, but with a house filled with stuff, determining the need to acquire bargains once spotted is more difficult. I have no transition children nearby trying to furnish a home, so there is no need for me to accumulate on behalf on anyone else. Anna Quindlen's recent column in the Sunday Parade magazine made me laugh out loud, I so related. If you missed it, here is a link--it's short and sweet and so very spot on. http://www.parade.com/news/2012/04/22-is-your-stuff-weighing-you-down.html in part--
image from grifworld.com
-This is just an exerpt from Roald Dahl's "The Three Little Pigs"-the full poem can be read at AllPoetry. Such a natural thing to combine The Three Little Pigs with Little Red Riding Hood, when you think about it. As you might expect with Dahl, the retelling is humorous as well as a bit morbid.
“You talk about whether they might have done it intentionally, No way because somebody’s career is done over this,” said a former federal prosecutor, one John Kirby.
Remember that interview I went on a few weeks ago for the online clothing company?
Now you see how vital it is for us to obey 2 Timothy 2:15, to “rightly divide the word of truth.”
Second, skin cancer, when detected early, has a very high cure rate. Runners, be vigilant about regularly checking your body for moles. Know the ABCDEs of Skin Cancer.
Shelby – Florida
Though he’s usually to be found edifying the faithful thousands who read his blog each week (www.davidlebovitz.com) with tales of gastronomic adventures in the world capital of food, David uses this book to reflect on the journey he has taken since moving to Paris six years ago.
I actually wonder whether this woman should be in a mental institution instead of an institution of higher learning. Surely there is a point where narcissistic impracticality wanders into the realm of neurosis. Or maybe the modern university is a madhouse, where people go to persist in childhood at the expense of the grown-ups who must subsidize their perpetual immaturity .
Let's examine each, shall we?
Paragraph 5 “The Tenant shall be jointly and severally liable for payments of Base Rent, any Additional Rent (which may include water usage surcharges for additional guests or tenants not listed in this Lease), and any other fees arising under this agreement.”
Does this scene looks like it was taken in a cave? Not quite. It was taken in broad daylight with bright sunshine in winter. Always experimenting, I switched the setting to Night Landscape and this was the result. Ghostly and mystical that’s what I hope it conveys. For comparison, pictures in its bright natural colors are in this posting – Waterfalls Galore at Milford Sound, New Zealand.
…but this week’s theme at 365 Cards is Vintage and today’s color is Green! I’d love to join 365 Cards every day of the year to get a big stockpile of cards done, but in all honesty, I don’t think I will have that many ideas in my head in a lifetime, much less in a year! One can dream though, right?? LOL
Tomorrow, we’ll be starting our new CERT Program Manager class. About half our students will be new. Plan on checking back tomorrow to see how we are progressing.
Want to purchase Die Like Men, or Never Smile Again by Tim Kent? Here's the link to a fantastic local publishing house. Bluewater Publications is only a little over ten years old, but it's already made a national impact. We're sure you'll find something for every taste.
They waited until they became anxious; but behold, he did not open the doors of the roof chamber. Therefore they took the key and opened them, and behold, their master had fallen to the floor dead.
So, I'm just going to sit back and savour the last few drops of what some say is the single greatest beer of them all.
‘Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break,
The Unicorn And The Wasp
Next weekend I’m going cocktail free, I already have it all planned out. Loading up with Kicking Horse coffee, buying all the plump spring issues of my favorite mags, and heading into the big city for a stroll and brunch, just typing it feels refreshing!
The percentage of Americans who are obese (with a BMI of 30 or higher) has tripled since 1960, to 34 percent, while the incidence of extreme or “morbid” obesity (BMI above 40) has risen sixfold, to 6 percent. The percentage of overweight Americans (BMI of 25 to 29.9) has held steady: It was 34 percent in 2008 and 32 percent in 1961. What seems to have happened is that for every healthy-weight person who “graduated” into overweight, an overweight person graduated into obesity.
Did Not Start
O.K, so you have all that you need a week before the date. You feel good, empowered, your glue gun is ready and you have purchased enough glue sticks to fix the roof. Your dining room table is covered with junk, the dog is not allowed to get near it, and your husband is wondering what's for dinner. But hey, things are going smoothly. You are an educated woman, you went through the rigors of college and you know you can do this. So you create this masterpiece and show it proudly to your child who has one thing to say :
I suppose there are reasons for knocking it all on the head now but I can’t say that I particularly want to share them. So instead I guess I’ll end with a song. I was thinking of something from Elsie Carlisle or Jack Hylton and His Orchestra, but in the end I think this will suffice...
I started off with the Sending You die from Papertrey, which I bought a while ago because I mistakenly thought the leaves were separate pieces. It turns out, though, that they come together in one die like this:
At-Large Bid: Atlantic 10 Conference
The book is a monumental work that tells the truth about Fidel Castro, and other so-called truth-gymnasts. General Geldenhuys also said: “We are NOT going to be politically correct when we tell ours!” Source
Today was one of those "What the heck do I feel like listening to? I NEED MUSIC!" kinda days. I reluctantly selected a playlist on iTunes, and I found the perfect song for me right now...two songs actually...make that three. *sigh* There are a few people I've been struggling to find the words to talk to, and I think I may be sending out a few music clips. Sometimes, you just can't say it any better. Landon Pigg...you have a ridiculous name, but I love you right now! You may not be my typical listening material, but for some reason I always come back to your music. Right now, it speaks to me.
That an international arms trafficker is now being given grant money by the CDC to engineer and run a “CDC global health mission” is a direct admission of the globalist agenda behind these criminal organizations. The Northrup Grumman press release on this admits that the contract work with the CDC will be conducted in “50 countries around the world” involving “20 business and university partners.”
The Bible firstly talks about the body and how we have a role to play that is different from everyone else’s. If my role is different, how can I possibly know what someone else *should* be doing?
I’ve included Mark’s version as well as the way I’ve done it in The Journey – just to give you an idea of how far music can be stretched.
So, I have a plan. It's not a very good one, but it's all I got. I'm going to soak up as much sleep as I can in the next six days, because you know that bus I talked about? Yeah, it comes at 6:30. That means I have to get up at five something.
Antya 19 Text 88-106
Strain the milk if infusing, reserving the onion.
Hi... I think you are really cute. Do you wanna go out with me?
Older saints… God is not finished with you yet… Build your life around the Lord… Rejoice…
Ack! Crack escaping!
"If you wish to bring a love into your life, buy an emerald and charge it with your magical need through your visualization, perhaps while placing it near a green candle. After this ritual, wear or carry the emerald somewhere near your heart. Do this in such a way that it cannot be seen by others, so when you meet a future love, you'll know it wasn't the visible jewel that attracted him or her." The Greeks associated this stone with the Goddess Venus. It has come to represent, for many people, the security of love. Emerald, like almost all of the green stones, is also advantageous for business/money ventures.
Snack
Strength: Murray St has an apt nickname because its racing style has paid dividends for it all season. The Racers force over 16.5 turnovers per game leading the OVC in that category. They have terrific guards that can handle the pace while they wear teams down. It’s not a style that many teams employ and definitely not one that many teams can keep up with.
Matisse
to face the full weight of
I first saw pickled eggs many years ago in a fish & chip shop called Chophards. A huge glass jar squatted on the counter, the kind of jar that might contain unspeakable specimens in a nightmare laboratory. It was a permanent fixture, as though the contents needed to mature for a century. Those eggs swayed in a light yellow fluid and were things of terrible mystery and horror.
I’m sure you have a memory like this,too.
And now we are home in the small mountain kingdom of Trelystan. The grass is knee high, weeds abound and whatever bit my arms while I gardened yesterday was twice as savage as anything I met in Greece. Otherwise everything is reassuringly the same.
Said YES to his proposal
“… compassion”
This morning was the last day on a job for a flagger. I don't know the details, but I do know the contractor and probably met some of the people involved - maybe even the flagger. They were struck and killed at 8:00 am this morning. I hope they didn't suffer and I pray for their family.
I also applied to go to Washington D.C. again in September. I'll find out by August 3rd if I get to go. I really hope so. I am ready this year to have my voice heard! I'm going limp around the halls of the House on Capitol Hill and speak up! Last year, I was a bit timid as it was my first time to do advocacy work in person with members of Congress and a Senator. Not this year! I'm more vocal, determined, and the issues that have to do with health care and rheumatology are so important to me. Go Michelle, go Michelle! Yes, I'll be my own cheerleader!
I HOPE that I am the Artsy that makes her smile.
When shredded potatoes have baked for 30 minutes, remove from the oven and top evenly with the diced ham, and then the shredded cheddar. In a large bowl, beat the eggs and sour cream until smooth. Pour over the casserole. Top with the diced onions. Sprinkle with fresh ground pepper, if desired. Bake for an additional 20 minutes or until a temperature probe registers 165 degrees. (If you used a 9x13 inch pan, it may take a little longer.)
What they should have said is 'We cant afford to have the main oil, and world power supply in the the hands of extremists, so we will doctor up some excuse of weapons of mass destruction to take it".
I slid my tray to the end of the line where Madge waited at the cash register, hairnet pulled tight around her shocking red hair and squeezing her meaty ears, giving her head the appearance of a ham. She tallied my tray's contents and announced what I owed.
A few minutes after we got there, we started dancing, and out of the corner of my eye I see a cute mixed/asian (we'll call him CMA) guy dancing with his friend, and glancing my way repeatedly. So I looked away and looked back, and did this for several times, just to be sure he was checking me out. I smiled slyly, and he smiled back. But neither of us made a move, and pretty soon I lost sight of CMA.
It might be two things of some sort working out of sync, or it might be nerve problems of some sort, or it might be memories activating badly somehow, or it might be you paying weird attention.
Time has a way of flying by. Sure there will be regrets and some sadness for my loss as I close this chapter on 'parenting' but I have to say I feel more joy and happiness because I know this young man is going to choose good things in his life. I can't wait to see what he does.
She is running
Future yesterday:
Her name is Bath Time Kitty by artist Sherri Baldy. Although the picture is of bath delights, the floral patterned paper, fleur-de-lis frame and flower spray all say garden, and that's why I'm uploading it to the Scrapbook Stamp Society Challenge Blog. Their challenge is to give your project a "Garden Patch" look and feel. Not only did I use up excess flowers on my card, but my "going green" tip for the day is to save even the smaller lengths of felt borders, as shown on my card. Just a one and a half inch piece of felt border made a great stand in for some greenery among my flowers, turning it from a splash of flowers to a spray of flowers!
In my run around Alderaan I saw very few Imperials, and I believe even fewer Republic players. I was very surprised at the lack of people. I am not sure about other servers, but it does seem that the population on the planets as you level is pretty sparse. And, considering the size of the planet, it’s difficult to just run into someone to go one on one.
Atlas readers are familiar with the English Defense League, as I stood behind their efforts to stand for England and the West against the belligerent invaders and Islamic imperialists.
Back to my laptop, I vowed to
To give myself a chance to start again
Another thing that was going on while we were there is the one grandson, Nathan, was doing his chores. Nathan is 11 years old and on his own decided to start raising steers from the bull calves born on the farm. HE does all the care for them expect the morning milk feeding of the young stock on school mornings, then grandma does help him out but when he isn’t in school, he is doing all of the work. He is currently up to 18 steers that will be ready at various times after the summer months. He does a great job! He works on all of his own equipment, including the tractor. He is exceptionally intelligent and I am so impressed with him!
Where I found it: I first read this as a teenager in Elizabeth Goudge's Towers in the Mist (one of my all time favourite books). Raleigh appears in it as a student at Oxford University.
He comes to see Adam and says to him, “Adam, you are my greatest creation and therefore, I am going to create for you the ultimate companion. She will worship the very ground you walk on, she will long for you and no other, she will be highly intelligent, she will wait on you hand and foot and obey your every command, she will be beautiful, and all it will cost you is an arm and a leg.”
That said, though… We have at least 3 super fantastic upgrades to the house that will increase the value if we ever decide to sell, and will certainly increase the enjoyment we have while we stay.
Mangoes are so good, just writing about them puts a smile on my face.
dEaR sanTA
4. Spread the batter into the prepared pan(s).
Watch 1371 on the S&P 500. That is the 62% retracement of the recent run from 1340-1422 and the high from 5/2/11. Above 1371 is bullish, below is bearish. When it is all said and done I am cautious here but not bearish.
A local business-owner in Red River, rumored to be the owner of the Hotel she had died in, contacted the town Judge and made the necessary arrangements and paid the required fees so that Mildred Packer could be buried and given a proper Christian burial in the local cemetery.
Your fortress of bitterness
Happy Monday, Everyone! I’m in a great mood today for so many reasons, the most recent of which is that my sister just sent me the most adorable photo of my beautiful nieces. But it’s always nice to begin the day with the sun shining and everything going as planned.
I washed my hands of all this; and wish that I
In the end, friends and connections can't make it better on their own. It's up to you to haul yourself up by your bootstraps and keep going. And you're the only person who knows where your own bootstraps are.
The bread is crusty with a fluffy middle often protected by generous mounds of cream cheese, blue cheese or chickpea puree. I identify my favourites early - the prawn on spiced cauliflower puree is addictively delicious and the eggplant chip with blue cheese is a magical combination of sweet eggplant and golden breadcrumbs hugged by a piquant hillock of blue cheese, cream cheese and honey. I return for seconds of both.
But.... what a beautiful little boy at this time of his life, full of inventions, wonder, honesty and open goodness.
I called my mom at 6.47 AM and told her my news. She was supportive and asked about our next plans. She tried to understand what I was saying about how many days past transfer I was and how maybe there is still a chance it was too early to test. I whined and sobbed about how I could call her and cry on her shoulder but that no one had me to cry on. I was all pathetic and dramatic like children are with their parents.
flower frog & bowl set I found for just 99 cents!
What’s needed is content in regulations to protect the environment with evidence of the highest quality for 4% growth in the economy.
LET RISE 45 minutes
I hope you enter. It is a good one!
The exhibition closes on 28 February, opening times (I believe) are 9.30 - 6 weekdays and 12 - 4 weekends. The Gallery is on Peyton Place, just off Royal Hill. Next up from 5 March is Greens of Greenwich by Tom Dingley.
My Arrogant (honest) Description: Leila’s vinaigrette is rich and thick, not too oily but not too tangy. It’s loaded with flavor from fresh herbs and is just sweet enough to balance the vinegar’s acidity. Best of all, it keeps Mr. Bueno Vida begging for salad!
When I listen to music and hear mind stimulating questions I often pose them to myself or question my life choices. My life is never empty of questions, sometimes simple and some are deep or complex that requires one to question your emotions. Some questions ask you to learn about subjects that may feel foreign but it's all good. I thirst for knowledge and new experiences that lead to new questions. I see my life as a poem or song but sometimes the background isn't always what I hoped for but when I apply Arcadia to my life I hope I can make the canvas of my life more pastoral, simple or clean. I see it this way, if life is like a song then you not only want to feel the meaning of words but hear the melody in your head. The lyrics often speak to me but if the melody doesn't feel good then it feels incomplete or vise-versa.
together to form the body.
In the silence Mom & Dad you hear me,
A while back someone inquired about me making an ocean themed unit. I don't remember who that someone was, BUT I have finally made one!
The f/stop range is kind of strange until you realize that the values are based on the square-root of 2 (1.4…). For our purposes, the range progresses in one-stop intervals according to this sequence: 1.4, 2, 2.8, 4, 5.6, 8, 11, 16, 22, 32, 44, 64. Now here is where it gets interesting. Every time you increase the f/stop number, you cut the aperture down in size and actually cut the amount of light reaching the film or photo sensor in half. We call this process “stopping down” the lens. Conversely, every time you decrease the f/stop number, you open the aperature and let twice as much light to reach the film or photo sensor. We refer to this as “opening up” the lens.
Your kids have choices in life, about what they do and how they think and how they feel about you and whether or not they will want you in their lives. Act accordingly. Hug. Laugh. Support. LISTEN. Be humble. Ask questions. Seek first to understand, then to be understood. And never, ever, assume that you are better, smarter, righter, or more entitled just because you are their parent.
As I wanted to include some rusty orange /brown and grey I used these from my stash. Sorry unknown origin but stylecraft do have similar colours .........
14And with him they sent ten chiefs, one for every tribe of the children of Israel, every one of them the head of his house among the families of Israel.
I am delighted to host some authors on my blog periodically over the next few weeks. I have some commitments that will keep me from reviewing books at my normal pace, and I thought this would be a good opportunity to introduce you to some newer, as well as some more established, authors that I've come into contact with through ACFW. Some of them will be sharing about their writing journey and the writing process, so if you are feeling the "hankering" to write, as we say in the South, you will find these to be encouraging and instructive. And if you simply enjoy reading, a peek behind the scenes and into the mind of an author will just enhance your experience!
Then there are the reflective pieces: Stille Betrachtung an einem Herbstabend (Quiet Contemplation on an Autumn Evening) and Erinnerung (Reminiscence). The influence of Mendelssohn is palpable, but the development of the material, particularly the quasi-orchestral build-up in Erinnerung, is probably the most idiomatic music among all these pieces.
Narration – A clear Australian accent is used, with Australian pronunciation.
JUSTICE SCALIA: Sound is not transmitted over the wires. Sound has been transformed into current, and current is transmitted over the wire and then transformed back at the other end into sound.
The darkness that only the LORD Himself can overcome because He is the only one who can save us from ourselves.
My second WIP:
3) Tell me about the first crazy trick you did? The first stunt that really scared you… The first crazy trick I did was a 180 to fakie over a street gap!!! I had a free-coaster but I was going so fast that when I came to half-cab I was flapping… I crashed… Did a face-plant!!!
The Far Rockaway facility, at 22-14 and 22-22 Loretta Road, is being funded through a $11.5million New York State Homes and Community Renewal loan.
1.I. Andante maestoso - Solenne e sostenuto 00:14:17
And don't you love that the woman is labeled as Louisa and the man's fish is labeled Urbain. Very cute.
Activities to capture and preserve memories with your family member living with Alzheimer’s disease or other dementias should focus on what that person can and wants to remember. You can help to minimize frustration by paying attention to your loved one’s limitations and adapting opportunities for reminiscing accordingly.
“Oh, I love trashy novels.” (Then you won’t like mine because it isn’t trash.)
This book reminded me a bit of Ann Brashares’s My Name is Memory — another book that deals with reincarnation. I loved how there was the understanding that two souls would always be able to find one another in their future life.
This is plainly not the case. Thousands of years of scientific investigation has proved otherwise and if you still come down on the side who's opinion it is that the world was completed in 168 hrs then you should never see another doctor ever again; never take another drug; never undergo another surgery. ANY modern day convenience would not exist without scientific innovation and you should take that into consideration any time you use so much as a telephone or flush a toilet.
outlet and resource for all-things-quilty, and I'm still amazed by the ways in which it serves the sewing and quilting communities!
I mentioned last week that I introduced the Counting Creatures, and the children are still having a ball with them! (To find them, go to this link and SCROLL DOWN!) I keep thinking that they will get tired of clapping out the poem and coloring those poem pages at playtime, but so far, interest in this has only diminished slightly! It makes me very glad that I have that download on my classroom computer, because I just keep printing out whatever pages the children want to color each day. :)
Last year I lucky enough to go to New Zealand where I was invited to visit schools in North Island and met lots of great children and teachers there. I was also in Sydney to speak to the Sydney Writers about writing for children and in a few weeks time I will be travelling to Cairo to speak at an International school there.
This may not be KyoAni’s greatest but for this season, it may be worthwhile.
¾ fluid ounce pineapple juice
All travelers enjoy the low cost of the food. The Vietnamese traditional soup, Pho, is as varied as Italy’s pasta, and is served all day long on the streets and in many restaurants for under $3. We got hooked on Bun Thit Nuong, a grilled meat salad with a rice vinaigrette dressing which cost a whopping four dollars. International food is now available in the larger tourist areas where a pizza and a glass of Australian Shiraz can be had for $6.
Redzepi cooks with a meticulous focus on indigenous ingredients, from moss and snails to sloe berries and unripe plums. Since it opened in 2004, the Copenhagen restaurant has been credited with redefining Nordic cooking and gets thousands of reservation requests a day. The current menu includes items such as “Cauliflower and pine” and “Pear tree!”
outside the market on 15th St.
dressed in disco and buy-me-a-drink,
All I can say is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. This place was outstanding, and a Konditors paradise...
Her lovin’ will kick your behind
By some pencil pushing punk.
When I let my heart speak
91. Lady Chatterly's Lover: D.H. Lawrence +
* Biology
PS Once things have settled you all better be there for the re-stash ;)
The kitchen is the psychological center of a home. So it's no wonder that shelter magazines and blogs show before-and-after photos and offer updates on the hottest products. Trends come and go, but a good work triangle stays on the mind...and in the kitchen.
But then THIS??. This is BIG! This is a "once in a lifetime" thing!!
There's no way he's going to even think about upsetting Erdogan over a genocide the Turks still claim never occurred.
we are ready to party
In 1975 Bishop H. Burke Peterson reported on a study made by Utah State University regarding the Saint's response to storing food as counseled. The study revealed that only about 5% of church members had a year's supply of meat products, 3% a year's supply of dried or canned fruits or vegetables, approx. 18% had a year's supply of grains. In the milk group, only three families in a hundred had a year's supply of canned or powdered milk. On the average, about 30 percent of Church had a 2-month supply of food. And...this, after years of being counseled to attain it.
After having a great weekend with Christian friends things are on a high for a while and then down the next week. I'm reminded now of the song "Party"! Good times here on earth are just a reminder of what it'll be up there. So for now, let's enjoy the good times we have and if anyone is struggling, just hold on and God will provide. "Oh the answer will come but only in His time, stand still and let God move".
Today is the very last day and I will attend a concert by van Beethoven, again conducted by Rattle. I'm definitely looking forward (and already know what I'm going to wear - something, which freaked me out the last days ;)).
Chose to answer Him today! Put your time into what is really important. If God is calling you to change something and you know He is convicting you about something in your life, don't put it off for any longer. If He is calling you to surrender to His will, surrender. If He is calling just answer....no matter what!
This is what I'm talking about with the current. These differences are fundamental to our core values. If we took away the love of our families, dogs and cars, what would we all have left in common? Prosperity and quality of life have such different interpretations and they are not exactly superficial concepts.
If you don’t know what feeling I am talking about, at the time I felt like me and God were just acquaintances. I knew who he was, how to “contact” him, and I thought I knew what he wanted. This struggle had been going on forever.
The entry fee, which covers participant plus a guest (riding in the same car), includes all event-related hotel stays and meals. Gas is on you, as is getting your car to the kick off location (San Francisco), and home from the final destination (Half Moon Bay).
maybe shopping
George Ure wasn't really into the radical linguistic side of this data mining stuff and he became seriously interested in the phenom Cliff High was involved with after reading about his conclusions. The results in the years leading up to 2001 were accurate but the big prediction was the New York 9/11 tower incident.
he only one who understands my sadness
Additional information provided by Harper Collins and Walker Sands Communications
Now, in our polling example (lets make it an email programme), our clients will be checking for mail every 5 seconds (our ajax poll), and will more than likely be told that nothing has changed.
I have a whole new appreciation for those people who do videos. My video was way too long so I had to learn how to edit my clip. Six plus hours later and the video is far from perfect but I've learned a lot and next time should be easier. I'll apologize in advance that I wasn't always as close to the camera as I should have been but I was doing the taping and the demo. lol
Physical exfoliation, such as manual scrubs and cleansers, will address the oatmeal layer. Physical exfoliants like ground walnut shells have gained popularity recently, but should be avoided. Their sharp, jagged edges can cause micro-tears in the skin, opening the door for irritants and bacteria to enter. When choosing an exfoliating cleanser, choose a product containing small, round and uniform particles like dimethicone or polyethylene beads. Scrubs made with sugar and salt crystals are also a good choice because they dissolve when moistened and allow you better control.
Appreciatively yours, Steve Lemon
I started reading romance really young. That surprised my co-worker as well. I had made it through all of my grandmothers Barbara Cartland books at 13 or 14. I found a copy of the Flame and the Flower at her house when I was 14 and read it. I really didn't read a LOT of romance except when I was at Mimi's house until I hit college. After that I glommed onto authors like a crazy person.
A panel of winners of the 2011 NSP Yield and Management Contest will talk about the secrets to their yield success. Panel members representing a variety of sorghum-producing regions will include Non-Irrigated Bin Buster winner Otto Levin of Kensington, Kan., Conventional-Till Irrigated winner John A. Scates of Sturgis, Ill., and Reduced-Till Irrigated second place winner Monte Wright of Perryton, Texas.
20 lb. Turbo Pilsner, 1.7-2L
There was one person who could grok the moment, and that was
Brewery Location: San Diego, CA
Leibster is German and means 'dearest' or 'beloved' but it can also mean 'favorite'. The idea of the Leibster award is to bring attention to blogs with less than 200 followers. So, in the spirit of good fun I am passing this award on to five other bloggers. Please stop by and visit them.
The Office of Ash Wednesday begins with Mattins. The invitatory is Deum magnum Dominum, Venite adoremus and the Office hymn is Rerum Creator optime both from the ferial Office per annum. The antiphons Speciosus forma etc are sung with the nine psalms/psalm divisi of a single nocturn from the ferial Office for Wednesdays. The second scheme of Mattins for Wednesday is used, wherein Psalm 49 is split into three divisi rather than the usual two. The lessons in the nocturn are from a homily of St. Augustine reflecting on the LORD's Sermon on the Mount from St. Matthew's Gospel. The responsories are taken from the third nocturn of Quinquagesima Sunday. At Lauds the second scheme of psalmody is used (Pss. 50, 64, 100, Canticle of Anna & 145. The antiphon on the Benedictus and collect are proper to the day. After the antiphon on the Benedictus has been sung in full after the canticle the choir kneels and the ferial preces are sung. After the collect of the day commemorations are sung of the simplified feast of St. Peter's Chair at Antioch and of St. Paul the Apostle.
What if i didn’t have kids, how would my life be?
as sweat created rivulets down the indigenous nose she inherited from her mother.
-pinch crushed red pepper flake
I am getting off subject already and I haven't even introduced the subject of this blog. His name is Andrew. Andrew is a true blue Northern Minnesotan. He is from Scandinavian decent and white as can be. Andrew belongs to a privileged group of people. He is a white American male with good work ethic from a small town and a small school who has been well educated. Now we could spend a long time delving in to his life and talking about the privileges and benefits or difficulties or get in to a debate about whether or not you think he is actually privileged just because of the aforementioned characteristics. I don't really care. Because the topic of this blog is actually the disadvantage that he faced the other day. We were talking and he was expressing his frustration about a conversation he had had where someone informed him that he could not understand what it was like to be a minority. You may agree with this statement and maybe for the average person in his situation that might be true but Andrew has chosen multiple times in his life to live outside of his comfort zone. He has visited India for several months, Mexico and Colombia. Now did I mention that Andrew is white? I am going to mention it one more time because Andrew is not just white he is white, seriously, sometimes in the winter we have actually debated whether or not he was glowing and it is hardly any better in the summer (sorry Andrew). In the crowds in foreign countries he sticks out like a sore thumb, his presence screams at passersby to badger him, grab him (literally) and to laugh at him. Now he may be able to walk through an airport and not be stopped or to move from country to country with much more ease than the average, he may even be able to get higher paying jobs or all the things that we know go along with his privilege but Andrew does know something about being minority, the stares, the whispers, the butt grabbing, no, I'm not kidding, just ask him the story sometime, and the constant badgering for money.
2) To what extent can public sector action generate sustainable and high-quality employment?
October 5, 2010
About a year into my research, I tried to read it again. Still, it was like wading through maple syrup. It felt sticky and unpleasant, and I made very slow progress.
A well-organized, double-pronged night attack from within one of the larger ghettoes temporarily pushed through the no-go zone to give Muslim elements control of a three-by-three block segment of a Danish area. Using small arms fire, RPGs and a certain amount of light machine gun support, an estimated fifty fighters expelled Danish forces from the area by midnight.
Let me be very honest, Viognier is a grape that hardly ever fills me with excitement. I will seldom choose to drink one, but sometimes professional curiosity and duty force to me to take the odd sip. So if I praise a Viognier at all, that is quite something. To me it forms part of the unholy trinity of white grapes – Viognier, Gewürztraminer and Pinot Gris/Pinot Grigio.
William Hankinson's murals only lasted about forty years, and instead of restoring work that was a proud descendant of a tradition going back at the very least to Tiepolo, why anyone would sweep away such beauty and replace it with - and this is no slight against Mr Buatta - late-twentieth-century traditional decoration beats me.
...The task force is a part-time board of volunteer advisers that works slowly and is often late to incorporate new science into its recommendations. Only in 2009 did it finally recommend aspirin for the prevention of stroke and heart attack among those at risk—decades after this practice was demonstrated to save lives and had become part of standard medical practice.
There was never a need to fret about my ability to promise always and my forever to my son. He just may grow up never having learned to choke down the shit you don't like so you can move on to the stuff you do.
What is troubling is that in spite of a decade-old comprehensive study conducted by the National Registration Department on this issue, such cases still persist.
Happy Valentine's Day!
I touch the pages, and though her hand-writing is familiar to me, I am also curious to know her private thoughts as a young woman. Would this unique timepiece reveal another side to the woman I always knew and loved as my Grandmother?
Great Call Laurie!
Our Tuesdays with Dorie group is finishing up Baking With Dorie after almost four years. It is hard to believe there are only a few recipes left. I have learned so much from this group in the three years I have been a member and I hate to see it end. I'm still not a great baker by any stretch. I still make so many mistakes in the kitchen. But I have learned a great deal and made a lot of baking friends. It makes me a wee bit sad of course, but I hope we all stay in touch with our other groups. I do want to go back and make some of the great recipes that were made before I joined. When I first joined in July 2008, I figured I would last maybe six months. Because of all the encouragement, I'm still here three years later. Thank you all. It is a great group of bakers!
Toni Morrison
Forms of Assessment Used:
There will be a few more days of clean up as I close out my email and spruce up the blog roll.
I write fantasy and am currently working on a scifi book, so it involves a lot of world building, so I have a question for those who do world building.
Edward Norton is an amazing actor. If you’ve seen Fight Club, I think you’ll find it difficult to disagree with me. His Banner has self-control as a watch word, and has trained himself to be as hidden as possible from the world at large.
Would be adventures should take some precautions about where you wander to. In big cities it’s easy to get on the wrong side of the tracks fast. Well in Ohio, I think the most you have to worry about is a rabid cow charging you because you are trying to take a picture of it. Unlike bears, cows will keep charging at you if you stand still. Ok, I don’t really know if bears won’t keep charging but just go with it. I don’t know if they were going to munch on me or what, but I got out of there fast. Well that is a story for another time. If you are smart enough to find this site then I am sure you know all about how to be an adult and be careful, but warnings never hurt.
Lord I will trust in Your many promises, and not give the enemy’s lies more credit than Your Word. I believe when you say:
Danny Delaney is a 13 year old boy whose life changes beyond comprehension one day, when his mother knocks down a little boy, who ends up in a coma. She struggles to cope with the guilt and Danny feels confused and isolated. His father tries desperately to keep the family together, but it looks as though things are about to fall apart.
-- Agotrop Cave
The next challenge is obviously the 13th General Election. PAS cannot push its agenda as if it is alone while DAP too must learn to give and take.
“Are we to read Bible verses and other quotations? Yes, all we please, if we will make them the original expression of our own lives by thinking about them, and adding to them something, if only a sentence, to show that we have made them our own. Always give the writer’s name, or the part of the Bible from which you quote. Commit the quotation to memory and do not read it” (Amos R. Wells, Expert Endeavor: A Text-book of Christian Endeavor Methods and Principles. Boston: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1911, pp. 9-11; Dick B., Dr. Bob and His Library, p. 114; The Books Early AAs Read for Spiritual Growth, 7th ed., pp. 13-17).
(3) must not be limited to existing conditions only; and
What dreams have you pushed to the side because you don’t think you have the necessary resources to accomplish them? What you need may be “right under your nose”.
scene with his R-5 assault rifle. You need to be this dumb to get
He wondered why his mother had been unable to see the creamy white core of his sister’s heart and only saw what she believed to be her rottenness. Why did she never have the time and inclination to protect the apples of her eye by the rotten society that she was so proud of and why she, a mother and a life-giver, never cared enough?
This is a guest post from Annabel, whose wedding I photographed in 2008. My words are in parentheses. ;-)
about erotic romance about two strangers caught in the perfect storm. It begins with the hero and heroine sharing a lustful, no-strings-attached night only to discover they cannot simply walk away from each other.
2. Appreciate To Mutilate
My mum’s song was Art Garfunkel’s I Only Have Eyes For You, a beautiful version which I would have hated then.
I'm that Mom who carries an amazing amount of kids' stuff in my shoulder bag or my pocket. PSP, cell phones, watches, half-eaten bags of chips or popcorn, coins, bottle caps, rocks and other special treasures.
Thursday, 03 May 2012 09:07 By Gareth Porter
This doesn’t seem like bliss.
I'm entering this into the Speedy the Cat's Friends Challenge - Flowers over at Marks Finest Paper, as well as the DIY Embellishment challenge at Tuesday Throwdown because I made that fabulous little flower from 4 loose flower petals from Oriental Trading Company. This will be my first time entering a challenge on both of those blogs.
First a few very little rules....only a few.
I watched the set, and it was very good. I think I should write a separate post about their performance, so I won’t go into too much detail, but the set was really good. After the show was over, I chatted with the few people that were left that I knew and decided to leave. I would normally hang around and chat with all of the members of Kittie and other fans, but I just didn’t care I guess. That is not like me. I went to bed in a sour mood I guess from the whole trigger, and I way I woke up like that. I am currently trying to swing myself out of the funk today……. but it’s hard. Thank goodness for the skating rink tonight………………
On the first warm day of the year a man was seen strolling up the Champs Elysées. He was wearing white stockinet plus fours with a green alpaca jacket and butterfly tie. Nothing very remarkable in that, perhaps, but with a little stroke of genius he had crowned the ensemble with a bowler hat. This gift for detail which seems surprising at first but then is seen to be inevitable, is the mark of the true artist, such as it is the glory of France to produce in great numbers.
On Thursday night, we went to the Brunello Vineyard wine tasting event/dinner at the Four Seasons restaurant. It was an experience. I think we had 7 courses all pared with delicious red wines from Italy.
Q: (Sarah Holt – BBC Sport) Fernando, you’ve been saying for quite a while that you thought Silverstone was going to be a turning point for Ferrari. What did you know that the rest of us didn’t and how personally important is it for you to get your first win this season under your belt?
Another way to look at the matter is that the university is not only teaching students the material in the subjects of math, chemistry, philosophy and so on, but also training students in the matter of appearances. That is, students are also being trained for the proper aesthetics of the roles they will be taking on when they are working for the job creators. This, of course, ties nicely to the first reason given in support of the code, namely the training of the youth in how to dress professionally and socially. In this regard, the university can be seen as a literal dress rehearsal for the show that starts (hopefully) shortly after the students graduate.
I don't want to be married to the person whom I was married to for 10 years (Fun fact: 10th anniversary happened 6 days before the divorce was final). I don't want her back, ever. She did awful things to me; things I can't forget.
This will throw you for a loop, mainly those people reading who were around back when the original iPad Contest happened. You know the one I mean, the one that was held at 'that other place', the one that went wrong. The one that actually sort of led to the creation of this group.
I could sleep in May,
Ryan's grandmother is a woman who never ceases to amaze me. She lived through a tumultuous time in our country, nabbed quite the catch of a husband, aced college, raised 4 nutty boys (through some of which her husband was serving overseas), and is absolutely the matriarch of the family. What Grandma says goes, so it has been, so it will be.
Doesn’t sound very likely does it?.
I am looking so forward to the New Year and all that it promises to bring.
I know neither one of these families gave just to get something in return. They gave just because they they have a giving heart. So to the two families that gave to my family .... I pray God blesses you in more ways than you know what to do with! I appreciate you both!
The wrong approach
I need to face the memories head on. Talk my way through them until they lose their hold on me. Until they release me from their grip. I will never be completely free until I can speak the words out loud. Until I can talk about my shame, my hurt, the details of it, and not feel like I’m drowning. So while parts of me feels stronger for my faith, other parts remain untouched.
And all the while, Maddon says he wants this to rise above politics, above differences, above hard feelings, He hopes, in fact, that this quest can reach the level of SPORTS, where a team made up of different people from different places and different backgrounds, people who speak different languages and believe different things, can come together to do remarkable things.
I suspect that those people who do this for a living are just eager to claim greater knowledge and to take credit, but I can’t. I’ve been at it for years, I’ve read a lot and retained a fair bit, but essentially, nature does the work. You know, we can never see half of every plant, the root system, each season the roots remain essentially; unattended, unpruned, unwatered and unfertilised.
But for those who came of age anytime during the past half-century, the most startling transformation occurred upon reading Madeleine L’Engle’s Newbery Medal-winning classic, “A Wrinkle in Time,” which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. It was under L’Engle’s influence that we willed ourselves to be like Meg Murry, the awkward girl who suffered through flyaway hair, braces and glasses but who was also and to a much greater degree concerned with the extent of her own intelligence, the whereabouts of her missing scientist father, the looming threat of conformity and, ultimately, the fate of the universe. Meg Murry, in short, was a departure from the typical “girls’ book” protagonist — as wonderful as many of those varied characters are. Meg was a heroine of science fiction. In 1962, when “A Wrinkle in Time,” after 26 rejections, was acquired by John Farrar at Farrar, Straus & Giroux, science fiction by women and aimed at female readers was a rarity. The genre was thought to be down-market and not up to the standards of children’s literature — the stuff of pulp and comic books for errant schoolboys. Even today, girls and grown women are not generally fans. Half of 18- to 24-year-old men say that science fiction is their favorite type of book, compared with only one-fourth of young women, according to a 2010 study by the Codex Group, a consulting firm to the publishing industry. And while a sizable portion of men continue to read science fiction throughout their lives, women don’t. Thirty-two percent of adult male book buyers are science-fiction fans compared with only 12 percent of women. When Joanna Russ, one of the few successful female science-fiction writers, died last year, her obituary in The New York Times referred to her as a writer who helped “deliver science fiction into the hands of the most alien creatures the genre had yet seen — women.”
Which demonstrates quite well that the United States and Europe is divided by more than the Atlantic Ocean.
Let cool and remove from form
Wow it's been a crazy first 3 weeks! Earthquake, Hurricane, Flooding, and my 23 munchkins have been running me into the ground! So I haven't taken many pictures so far this year because well I haven't had any time but I thought I'd share a few of our little projects I had on my phone.
Squad cars responding to the call found the game company’s headquarters mostly deserted, as the employees gathered in the testing room at the end of the building. According to the police report the employees were “grouped around a booth, watching it in complete silence.” A total evacuation was called in, and the jaws of life were used to open the booth. Immediately after, paramedics were summoned. The coroner’s report has yet to be released.
1 spiritual
Like I mentioned above, things are about to change again here at Childress Academy. However, I want to save that for another post. So, stay tuned…
4. The material can be reviewed as much as needed.
Merck sells its drugs for half-price in Canada and hands out legal bribes to members of Congress to make it illegal to re-import their products across the border. Does that sound like it’s run by a patriotic bunch of folks who have American interests at heart? Exxon-Mobil sets up phony scientific institutes to claim there’s no man-made global warming so its congressional lackeys can hide behind a curtain of lies as the planet (including its U.S. corner) bakes. It encouraged petroleum creatures Bush and Cheney to invade Iraq so it could grab the oil and sell it to Americans at the same world price it sets for anyone else with greenbacks to barter.
The recent attack on students camping at Dataran Merdeka is indeed shocking. Fifty thugs dressed in black beat up the students in the dead of night. Their struggle for free education is a legitimate one: 19 countries in the world provide free education. Why can’t Malaysia?
There is a New Year’s Resolution Syndrome (just invented by me). This holds that all changes in someone’s life must be big, one-off changes. Thus losing weight has to involve a crash diet, rather than minor but permanent eating changes.
With all of her drama, we love her still!
Good luck to everyone else going back to school. Anyone else dreading it? Why or why not?
I'm happy that I'm not as much of a dumb-ass as I've been for much of my life. I think I'll be a better father for not being younger but again, one never knows. Suffice it to say I'm truly excited to be a father to both Number 1 and Hellboy and a husband to Stretch. We'll see how it all goes won't we?
My awful encounter with death has if anything, increased my sense of how unknown the great questions of our existence remain.
The corner flood lights and fans signify, like book ends, that we have reaching the end of our journey. But we still must resolve the story of the running man. His platform is brought back out among us and we see him sprinting and breaking through cardboard walls being wheeled at him. Finally he is joined by two others this time heading in his same direction, all with harnesses and fly lines. They join hands in relief and solidarity and run forward together. They are met by a staircase, wheeled out by the techs of course, which they mount only to find a dead end at the top... or an open end if you will, literally they stand hand-in-hand on a precipice. The music drives them instinctively to keep pressing forward, and with no other option, they jump, just as the final cardboard wall is wheeled out in timing so precisely rehearsed it only looked spontaneous, and burst through in an explosion of confetti that covers the audience and showers us in the joy of their freedom and victory.
Orange Picker Affiliated 3 Complete Orange Picker Affiliated 2 with 100 oranges in 30 seconds
What have you been up to? Do tell.
½ tsp. dried basil
Could you imagine an angel coming to you and telling you that you were going to be impregnated by the Spirit of God?
On a personal note one would never forgive Kunti for what she did to Karna,even though many feminist can go gaga over her problem. The point however would remain that she never owned up her responsibility and her fault till the very end. So even though she was karna’s mother, from my view point she was the reason that karna had to suffer so much in life and one would rarely sympathies with such a character, her “pain” was nothing compared to the pain endured by karna throughout his life. (though many would disagree with my viewpoint)
The transition of various local polytheistic traditions to the “national” polytheisms of ancient Europe (which not every culture did–the Germanic and Celtic areas of Europe, for example, didn’t seem to have very many trans-local deities or traditions for the most part) as well as elsewhere ended up making syncretism a reality in many places. The thin line between “there” cults becoming “anywhere” religions occurred as a result of a lot of these processes, and a great deal of intra-pantheonic syncretism took place as well in a number of these places. India, Egypt, the Near East (including amongst the Hebraic peoples!), Greece, Rome, Japan, and a variety of other places underwent this process, often in the periods immediately preceding their “historic” periods, and yet the individual and local derivations of many of their religious phenomena can still be discerned in the earliest records, and in those of many centuries afterwards. This is a ready example of how syncretism did not lead to a complete blurring of boundaries or a total loss of a recognition of diversity, but instead served to both create connection and preserve plurality and distinction.
We still waiting on Glibbs Plane Talk Report…it still by An&?
But we put it together and when we got through
I must have at least 20 partially written posts of things that I baked in the breathless couple of months before my vacation. I was practically an assembly line on weekends, quickly combining ingredients, putting the thing in the oven and snapping photos before it had cooled completely. While in Paris, I was able to correlate my behavior to the tourists I sometimes notice. The ones who run up to the statue, fountain, monument, whatever, quickly snap a photo and rush off. They've seen the fountain in the Tuileries, look, here's the photo. But did they experience it? I don't think so. Will they be able to recall the feel of the mist that hits from time to time when the wind changes direction and blows the fountain's spray just so? Will they remember the warmth of the sun, or that family on their bikes, or how different the water looked when the sun ducked behind the clouds? I don't think so. But that's how I'd gotten about baking, because I was rushing it, doing it because I had to, and not savoring the process.
Garcia writes with a simplicity that lulls us with the desire to step into his refreshing world. By the time you have reached the middle of the book, the willing suspension of disbelief has taken over and you have found yourself occupying a front row seat watching these compelling mini-dramas unfold.
Before you signed with Lucy, she suggested some revisions. What kind were they - indepth or mainly fine tuning?
pray, to be drawn into this story in a fresh way, so that I might know you and
Life in a blended family has a number of ups and downs. And I think the thing I have found most surprising is that progress is not always in one direction. In fact, any given day we are likely to take two steps forward and one step back (or very occasionally one step forward and two steps back.)
01 September 2006
how you sing soundtracks over
If you are a Batman fan or have been wanting to start reading, this is a great jumping on point.
Best Musical Score Arthur Bliss, Things to Come
b) Mr. Jerry Rao, Senior Advisor & Investor, Former Citibanker. Ex-Chairman and CEO Mphasis
“Why didn’t she just tell you that she had an accident and broke the bank?” asked Jade.
“You can bomb the world pieces, but you can’t bomb the world to peace.” This memorable quote from Michael Franti is fitting for the now decade-long war in Afghanistan.
*We reserve the right to refuse any advertiser for any reason.
to the countless slings and arrows
5. Josie
Celebrate the season with the thrilling and breathtaking “GOLDEN DRAGON ACROBATS”. With award-winning acrobatics, traditional dance, spectacular costumes, ancient and contemporary music and theatrical techniques, the gasp-inducing and never-ending crescendo of gravity-defying tricks will leave you on the edge of your seats.
Looking back, I think my brewing made decent beers, but only Batch #5 was a GREAT.
Off to the clinic.
i'm a little ocd, so i LOVE that the new year started on a sunday. it makes me so happy that routines & things like menu planning coincided so well with the start of 2012!
“Some of the memes are very clever, but others are stupid,” junior Rebah Seidler said. “People are so eager to jump on the bandwagon; they don’t even stop to learn what the intended purpose and pattern of each individual meme are.”
A. In Strength Outward – Bars Of Gates
08/13/2007 37.53
Anyway, it’s back to the grindstone on studying. And by grindstone, I mean needing to study but being plagued with apathy, internet distractions, and crying. Not necessarily in that order.
Well, anyway,continuing, we saw a bridge we needed to cross and started heading towards it. Then my daughter, who hasn’t let go of my arm since leaving the car except for maybe filming the pigeons and horse statues, asked me why I was walking slower instead of faster. I started to think and panic:
If a champ loses two games, drop them. If you look at the season ending records, the best teams drop 2 or less. If they drop 3, then they are subject to the at large process which is polls. It’s the eyeball test. This is, as Teague Egan would say, “crucial, brah” because it will still foster the kinds of circular, pointless debates ESPN gets off on (and frankly milks for 24 hours so they have content) by debating who the final 2-3 teams that get in are, but it will not be as passionate a fight as a four team will create.
Really though, if I didn't point it out then you'd be the none the wiser that I cocked up and it wasn't 100% perfect would you. And does it matter? Not at all. Little Bun loves it and has worn it all day and plans to wear it tommorow too. I think she looks gorgeous in it and now I can't wait to get going on Miss Rosey's skirt.
Faithfulness is required for us to accompany a person through deep-seated and unimaginable pain. The patience and compassion we need must be in direct proportion to the amount we allot to ourselves through a lifetime of failed attempts to change our own unhealthy behaviors and ignorant ways of thinking.
I know – I really am looking very attractive at the moment. Still, I’m the only person I know who has her own portable dot-to-dot drawing all over her body.
I left around 11:30 this Saturday and as someone who doesn't really like shopping and HATES shopping in a gaggle of screaming teens I can confirm that this was a good idea.
Which brings me to my second important food preservation tool. A dehydrator. I started using a small electric dehydrator from RONCO ( off all places). But ideally I would like to make a solar dehydrator. Dehydrated food retains its nutrition. It is so much easier to chop some veggies or fruit than it is to heat water on a warm August day.
the best thing a person can do for the world is be themselves, honestly, openly- brave and beautiful. by letting your light shine out so that others can feel it gives others the courage to let their light shine too. we are all different, not one of us the same, but we all share a common bond: we want to be loved. the only place to start is with the self. love yourself first, share the beauty.
It sure saved my bacon.
Lined the pouch on the top with a piece of scallop punched trim..... DP from SU!
Since we were visiting, we had no permanent beds and would end up sleeping on the floor on a cozy pallet made of old quilts. I was always sure I would not sleep at all and would be surprised to find my eyes opening in the morning to the light of day! Where had the night darkness gone? I had only closed my eyes for a moment!
Richard Johnson
-Nuclear energy has the lowest production cost of all major sources of electricity except hydroelectric for base loads. (Reference: NEI.)
…I like Bob's perspective from the trenches of advertising. His writing is witty and has a no-nonsense attitude… This is a great book about advertising for people who don't like advertising.
- Mostly selfish – things has to go their way.
Allison Joseph, Rondeau Mistress
Coat bottom of a 13 x 9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spread 1/2 cup sauce in bottom of dish. Arrange 6 tortillas over sauce, overlapping slightly. Spread half of ricotta mixture over tortillas; top with half of chicken. Sprinkle with 1/3 cup green onions and 2/3 cup Mexican cheese. Pour about 1 cup sauce over cheese. Repeat layers with 6 tortillas, remaining ricotta mixture, remaining chicken, 1/3 cup green onions, 2/3 cup Mexican cheese, 1 cup sauce, and 6 tortillas. Pour remaining sauce over tortillas. Coat 1 side of foil with cooking spray. Place foil, coated side down, over casserole. Bake at 350° for 30 minutes or until bubbly.
I am in awe of just how well every single separate “Avengers” plot line is brought together. At 143 minutes, it’s very long. But it’s utterly engaging and delightful, from the first frames until the last teaser, just into the credits rather than at the very end.
General Najiya: Do not worry, my child. I‘m sure he has a valid reason for coming.
As I scoured the internet, the answer appeared to me, and I was never so certain of anything in my life up until that point. I would travel to New Zealand, the extreme sports capital of the world, and conquer my fears head-on.
We traced hands, each other, did hopscotch and drew about 200 hearts.
The plaster’s gettin’ harder and my love is perfection
We have been working hard on potty-training this month. We had a couple "Potty Train" sticker charts, that he totally loved and helped with some motivation. Well, the deal was when he woke up dry each morning for a week we could go to DREAM CITY! (The Mickey Mouse Place) Big boys go here when they are done with diapers!
All that night Ben lay awake, staring up at the ceiling alternately fuming and fretting bone-deep. Long before morning he stirred from the tense forced stillness he had maintained for hours so as to not wake Donna. The ache of muscles was nothing in comparison to the ache of furious anger in his gut. Careful he rose out from the bed painted by indistinguishable shadows in the dark bedroom and didn’t spare a glance over at Donna’s sleeping form while he dressed. The only pause there was for her was to leave her a liar’s note about being called in to the job he no longer had to cover for a night-shift coworker. Then silently he left the house with no thought in his mind for the absurdity of the hour for the business he had in mind.
Row 1- ch4, 11dc in 4th ch from hook, join. (12)Row 2- ch1, 2sc in join, 2sc in each dc, join, (24
and Candace used watered down, dark burnt umber acrylic paint.
Hurry over to Angel Baby Scraps and check out all of my sale items (collabs excluded)...40% off! Offer expires at Midnight on Monday!
Fitted in 7 half leather bound double sided book-form cases, approximately 313 intaglios. Height of each volume 9 7/8 inches (25 cm), width 6 1/4 inches (15.9 cm).
SPACING PROBLEMS
cluttered full of stuff
Albright, D., et. al. (1992). Facing reality: the future of the U. S. nuclear weapons complex. Ed. Peter Gray. Tides Foundation, San Francisco.
Audra is a normal grad student in law school in Boulder, Colorado. Until the day she finds out she isn't. She's a princess from the planet Centauri. Her mission, whether or not she chooses to accept it, is to marry an alien and save the world, in order to save her family.Darius is charged with delivering his brother's bride home to Centauri, ready to be queen. Falling in love isn't just forbidden, it's a death sentence for him and for his
Upright Brewing - Offen Weisse - This all-organic beer uses Gambrinus Pils and Great Western wheat and Munich malts and a single variety of all-organic hops (can you guess what it is?). It's fermented with a classic Bavarian Hefeweizen yeast strain yielding a spicy and fruity, dry and slightly tart brew that's low in hops and long on thirst-quenching.
I started my mini crawl at the Old Pear Tree, the Camra pub of the season in Wigan which also has a to let sign on. I moved on to the Royal Oak in that impressive part of Standishgate which features Camberwick Green-type Georgian houses.
...but before I go, I thought I'd pop in and show you the card I made for my mom - who happens to be meeting up with us to join us on the cruise, along with my dad! So that makes a triple-bonus for MY Mother's Day! Oh, the memories we'll be making!! (I sure do miss them...)
But really, the big thing I've been meaning to tell you?
Vetting
Now that you understand these basics, take some time and think about the goals you want to achieve with your data. Then check back frequently as we will be continuing to post about data in the future. In the meantime, feel free to give us a call and pick our brains as we can surely provide insight on data management.
to let the oppressed go free …
The smartest scholars still don't know.
Also the occasional night cap when you finally make it home.
Since this month is all about spreading the love of books I absolutely ADORE, I'm giving away a pre-ordered of a hardcover copy of Brightly Woven.
like about the Classic Albums series. There’s always a
God, I am so very thankful for the gifts that you have given me. Especially the 4 crazy ones. I am blessed by their hearts and faith on a daily basis. Please continue to bless, protect, and use my children. Help us old people have a child-like faith. ~Amen
Oh, I'm gettin' drunk all day!
I'm famous for declaring that I don't eat processed foods. But I will happily eat a can of Campbell's chicken noodle soup if the need arises (and the need is always "taking care of mommy's brain," so maybe that's more often than I care to admit).
Our meetings were quite dolorous.
81. Hey, I’m in a rock band! +
Their lights burnt away,
To add to my list of things I've learned from blogging, and in honor of the big 100, I am hosting my first EVER linky party and give away!!!
The velvet-dark ditch
This is what I believe.
Corbett: we have an investigation to find out
These are among the findings of the newly released once-a-decade U.S. Religion Census. It is "the most comprehensive local-level analysis of U.S. religious adherents" since the religious census began about 60 years ago, Clifford Grammich, who led the study's supervising committee, said in a news release. "We are especially pleased to have increased participation for several independent and non-Christian bodies."
After discussing the strengths and achievements of your solid performers, ask them how they feel about how things are going. “In most cases you’re dealing with mature adults and you’ll elicit their honest concerns,” says Grote. For both solid and poor performers, frame feedback in terms of a “stop, start, and continue” model, suggests Barron. What is the employee doing now that is not working? What are they doing that is highly effective? What actions should they adopt to be more so? By focusing on behaviors not dispositions, it takes the personal edge out of the conversation. Give specific advice and targeted praise. “Don’t say things like: ‘You need to be more proactive.’ That doesn’t mean anything. Say something like: ‘You need to take more initiative in calling potential sales leads.’” Similarly, “Saying: ‘You’re an innovator’ is nice but it’s helpful to know exactly what they’re doing that reflects that,” says Baron.
And now for today's challenge:
My comment remained visible for some time, along with a few others which were equally cordial, by virtue of the fact that comment moderation hadn't been enabled. However, they suddenly disappeared, only to be replaced with the following message:
Tools: dimensionals
They spent the next hour discussing what the options were and decided that the best solution was for Monica to go into treatment, and Sophia to go into care for the length of the treatment programme. Alice said she was start making the necessary arrangements, and would stay today until Sophia arrived home from school to support Monica in telling her the news. Sophia put of a brave face for her mother and said that she understood the reasoning behind the decision; however, that night she wept herself to sleep. It was a painful day, but it was also an optimistic day. Full of sorrow alongside hopefulness, at the end of the day, all three were beyond exhaustion.
It makes me think a lot about modelling the right things for him, and what exactly I want that to be.
I made a Memory Book for each of my 5 girls. I used a Visual Journalling Book, watercolor paper weight. Pages were painted, stamped, layered and embellished collage style with doodads and tons of photos taken of each girl and the Troop throughout the years. I had been working on the books for months!
I found a Target bag with a box in it that looked like a shoe box. I took it inside and looked to see which boy he bought them for, which is when I realized it was not a show box, but a box holding one of these.
After deciding on a design I used my cricut to cut it out of my contact paper. It helps to keep in mind we are making a sticky stencil. I placed my stencil on the wine glass and used a credit card as a burnisher to ensure all the edges were stuck down well. Make sure you are in a well ventilated room. Using an old cruddy paint brush, apply the etching cream in a nice, even, slightly thick layer over your stencil. Please be careful not to get any of the etching cream on your skin and follow all precautions listed by the good folks at Armour. Let your cream get to work while you have a diet coke and a Christmas cookie ....or two. Let your etching cream sit for at least 20 min and wash your glass in warm soapy water. Peel off your stencil and prepare to ooh and ahh. That's it! You just etched glass. You ROCK!
“Non-violent” is also an interesting term. To most of us, we understand what that means. But to many Occupiers, non violent means not attacking people. Thus, attacking property would be okay. Also attacking police for example who are arresting you, that’s fine too. “De-arresting” people(fighting cops to get an arrestee back)=also not violent because you didn’t “attack” first. It also seems to be perfectly fine to do everything to precipitate a police response, all the while yelling “this is a peaceful protest”. This extends even to threatening to “doxing” cops, and spilling their private lives onto the internet in revenge. This has been done already in multiple cases, with the assistance of Anonymous. In one case, they leaked naked pictures of a female officer.
Original Air Date: Apr 25, 2012
13. Minnie The Moocher
We have just under a week left of our current challenge on the Color Me Creative Ning group. Pull out those fun, cute fuzzy-wuzzy animal images and create furry & fuzzy texture with your markers and pencils!
Ye are many — they are few.
1. Don’t be afraid to be challenged on your thinking and behavior by a friend who loves you.
Yes we are in fact comparing our natural talents to all of those amazing people! You know why? Because we are all THAT amazing, if only we would let our little light shine! Those remarkable people devoted their lives to developing their natural talents, and as a result they excelled!
Styx – Renegade
Challenge: Include one gift for each letter needed to spell out a word from the season (SNOW, JOY, FAITH, LOVE, HOPE, GIFT, TREE, JESUS, STAR, SANTA, etc). We did this last year and it was SO MUCH FUN! Of course, the perfect gift for an "A" is an APRON.
Taglish vs English
What’s that? Johnson is a self-professed Buddhist? No wonder she describes herself as a “student of … Buddhist philosophy” on her website.
Now would be an ideal time for you to envision expanding and improving your awareness as much as possible. This is in alignment with the purpose of the moment. The galactic alignment which is coming into play has a purpose of awakening awareness for all creation in this ‘neighborhood’. We hope you will avail yourselves as fully as you are able of the opportunity. Understand that these changes will be made, in any case. But you are able to greatly increase their rapid effect if you so choose.
One large rimmed baking sheet lined with wax paper
Every year in the spring I can’t help feeling that the ancient, gnarled limes and sycamores look a little foolish when they burst into leaf. It’s both endearing and slightly embarrassing, like seeing a usually grave and elegant elder getting giggly at a wedding. I wonder if you can see what I am fumbling to say. Here is an example of a venerable old sycamore newly decked in little green frills:
Coming next week!
(So it has only a little to do with the fact that I already mentioned Spinners, another of Donna Jo Napoli’s books, in my post for the letter B before I went on this strange hunt for books by letter.)
In my head, I carry not only my family, neighbors, colleagues, relatives, students, society and so on, but also relatives of relatives, relatives of friends of acquaintances and so on. And of course blog readers, commenters, relatives of blog readers.. you get the idea. Even sannyasis in Rishikesh share papads and watch over dying fellow sannyasis.
Basu does not deny being disappointed. But he is in an exceptionally forgiving mood. “What can I say and what can I do? We had really taken a lot of pain to guard his look and keep it under wraps. But I guess it had to happen this way. So it’s fine now.”
If true, I think this is good news. Nimoy’s scenes with Zachary Quinto were among my favorites in the first film. There’s a lot of potential for interesting young-Spock/old-Spock interaction now that they both exist in a timeline in which their home planet has been destroyed.
We did go back out eventually, after the all-clear call came through telling us that everything was under control, and we headed out to the ‘go finis’ dance party of yet more departing friends. It’s ‘go finis’ time for many RAMSI staff, and there’s going to be a massive turover of personnel at Xmas. We’ll be semi-old hands next year. Anyway we all danced to Planet Earth by Duran Duran and drank mango daquiris. This was the high point of the weekend. There was about half an hour there where I would have wrestled anyone who said Duran Duran were a bad band.
Oh, speaking of falling... our poor girl had quite the accident at Chesterbook the other day. I looked at my phone during a break at work and saw "Missed Call & Voicemail from Chesterbrook Academy", I feel like my heart drops just seeing a missed call from there. I checked it immediately... they were calling to say that Alli was running (big surprise), fell, and cut her lip pretty bad. They were able to stop the bleeding, but it was "a lot of bleeding", and she's okay. I called Dad-E, who had also gotten the message, and we agreed that she'd probably be okay for the few more hours I had until I could pick her up from daycare. I picked her up and she was so sad... and her inner bottom lip looked just awful. Thankfully, she was a trooper and never even complained about it, and it has already healed quite nicely.
Please, bless Shaykh Fareed with the bounty of Your meditative worship.
To those who taught me at Pinawa Secondary or U of W...thanks!
TRICK: The dog was another story. I had the hand in another position first . She was holding a purse. I had put in a dog. The hand wasn't in the right position to hold the dog. I almost turned the dog into a purse. Poor dog. In the end, I moved the hand, and the dog stayed.
by Greg Mayer
We bickered for a while, each of us oddly firm in the beliefs of our own characters. He called me a murderer, and I called him pathetic. We left it at that.
The Old Rugged Cross--The Gospel Lamplighters (Sharon X-757)
Then I kick off my day with my Home Routines app, which I learned about through to Viola. It’s a handy little app for listing daily or weekly routines and I get a kick out of giving myself a gold star when I’ve done the task.
Tied to the worldly knot,
 Vanger, Martin – Stellan Skarsgård on Film Acting, Psychopathy, Bondage, Torture, Wrapped In Plastic, Set Design(stills)
A kind old neighbour woman mistook him for John and said: "I'm so sorry for your loss. You must feel terrible".
1.) Security
The authors report largely positive findings. Most year 9 students were found to enjoy school and were confident about their overall ability. Alarmingly however, modern languages was found to be the least popular subject area. It is very sobering how consistently the relative unpopularity of languages has been reported in generic research studies over a long period of time (e.g. Francis, 2000; Colley & Comber, 2003). Students were also less confident about their ability in modern languages than in any other subject. This very much fits in with what I found in my PhD research when I looked at motivation in speaking in KS3.
My photos are rubbish taken with the I phone but no-one minded those who brought proper cameras along. I shall spend tomorrow looking to see when he is playing again . This might be big and we were there at the start. That I like.
4 recent
The movie begins with Ethan Hunt (Cruise) being broken out of a Russian prison by Benji Dunn (Pegg) and Jane Carter (Patton), two fellow IMF agents. Hunt then receives orders to break into the Kremlin and retrieve information about a nuclear terrorist code-named Cobalt, who intends to destroy the information so that his true identity can’t be discovered. Hunt arrives too late; the information is gone and Cobalt has planted a bomb in the Kremlin, blowing it to smithereens. Hunt – and by extension, the IMF – are blamed.
An Officer and a Gentleman (Jack Nitzsche)
3:20 p.m. — Moved fermenter to fermentation chamber. Pitched yeast. Set thermostat. Time to clean up.
But you wake up
Major rivers of another district in the state, Jaintia Hills district, have also been declared “dead and unsafe for human consumption” as it is “acidic” due to unregulated and unscientific coal mining in the areas.”
the pavement, cracked; woodwork, hacked; eaves, slack—
Well, that’s not why he has the mask…
“The Battle of Los Angeles” by Rage Against the Machine. I listened to that album constantly while writing STORMDANCER. It’s all about the need to institute change, and the power of regular people to do so. Raise. Your. Fist.
And "I'm a published author" has become code for "I'm self published and trying to hide it."
You know, last night I came home from work so tired. It was busy and somewhat stressful at the store and I haven’t been sleeping well and I was tired. Oh, and I have poison ivy. I was wondering what it would be like to come home and feel comforted and loved and cared for. I can’t even imagine what that is like. I’ve been doing this empty thing too long.
McMormans 0
Another reason is that corporate culture and workplaces in general penalize this time dedicated to childrearing, making mat leaves a step that can hinder a woman’s career.
The book is an e-book, available in all formats, and you can buy the book at MuseItUp Publishing. It is coming soon to other on-line bookstores such as Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
Sitting in the Emergency Admissions unit of an NHS hospital the other day, I found myself in awe of the skills, sensitivity, commitment and selfless efficiency of the staff involved. This applied equally to those who were medical, support, admin or porterage team members. One could not escape the conviction that somebody had hand-picked every person with immaculate care.
How pretty is that? It looks like a watercolor painting, which actually seems pretty appropriate given the amount of rain.
Now I’m going to go listen to some mellow music and not stress. Stressing is for next week when I do all my Disney shopping. That ought to be pretty interesting…
And soothes our deepest wounds and
And now, on to the real juicyness of the day.
1⁄3 cup heavy cream
I'm thankful that the hacked account is my old Hotmail account, and not my primary email. Still, I'm worried that I may have set up email forwarding to my main email address and that this could have led the hackers into my active email. I check the primary email and everything seems to be kosher: I can sign in and there are no signs of suspicious activity.
Let our love grow fragrant scent
12Her hand is to be cut off; have no pity on her.
Calling all Gay U.S. Soldiers – Change your names to McDonagey or for the moment take mine – Donohue – I will adopt any U.S. soldier for the day or marry him, since my other marriage isn’t federal anyway. I can make you Irish-American for a day. I have that power. Then, just as you march your Irish a** right past Cardinal Dolan (probably waiting with a cheshire grin) on the steps of St. Patrick’s cathedral, turn, and MAKEOUT. Make it a good one. In fact, if you can dip your significant other while in uniform re-doing that iconic “sailor returned home from the war and kisses a girl pic” I can almost guarantee you’ll hit the cover of every major newspaper in the U.S.
I’ll be posting from Indianapolis as the conference gets underway.
Oh, yes you do. You remember your mom telling you those things, and admit it. You’ve said them too.
It seems that even though The Voice is apparently a breath of fresh air it will soon become more like X Factor. Controversy about anything equals publicity and in the matter of talent shows it also equals higher ratings. If The Voice purely was based on the voice then the sob story wouldn’t matter but apparently to be popular and do well in the music industry you have to have some sort of heart breaking story. In the end the winner of the show usually ends up disappearing after a few years. Haven’t the music industry learned by now that manufactured pop stars don’t last long?
my hotmail account not associated with this blog, just HAPPENED to have a lapband email address in it and was hacked and sent out emails to EVERYONE i ever emailed from that account.
This would do for the old cork board we planned to rescue from storage,
They continue to believe that there is plenty of work out there and that all the need to do is to give people a ‘nudge’ to go and get it.
Frazier LM, Ho HL, Molgard CA. Variability in Physician Management of Employment during Pregnancy. Women and Health 2001; 34: 56-68.
Sometimes it’s just so hard to articulate how much I love what I do, because a lot of the time, it’s not the things that I actually do during the day that are exciting, but the idea of what I’ll be doing down the road. It’s not that I especially enjoy filling out travel requests or figuring out rental rates for hotel suites, but the idea that someday, I’ll be going on those trips or sitting in those suites, finding and producing amazing stories. And hey, if I’m half as jazzed about my career as this person was the other day, life will be awesome!
This LO is based on my favortie sketch artist-Julie Bonner. She created this sketch for Jillibean Soup.
The deadline registration is June 15.
Injury worries over Kenwyne Jones (who may have a hamstring injury) and Ryan Shotton (who played on with an injury in extra time). Jones seems the worst and could be out for a few weeks, hopefully not and he’s back for next week.
*snip*
Bon Iver: Bon Iver - I liked "Skinny love" on his last album. I like this one from top to bottom.
OPEN ARMS
05-04 San Francisco, CA – Regency Theatre
This is pretty much it for me. I'm trying to keep up with everyone else - if I don't comment, please know I am probably still reading just reading on my phone and commenting is super annoying!
On one hand, they can write an article that is highly credible using the their own eloquent words and talent, or on the other hand they can write an article that uses “popular” terms and wastes the years of crafting their writing. The article they write must be aimed at one target or the other, because if it fails and misses the mark either way, or tries to accomplish both, chances are it will fall into a grey area, and most likely end up on the third or fourth search page which anyone who has used Google knows, means that it will most likely not be seen.
Supplies: Flowers from Wild Orchid Crafts; ribbon from Hobbycraft; lace from John Lewis; gems from The Hobby House;
More than likely something buried by a cat.
and one lucky participant will win the stamp set of their choice just for playing along!
Level 2: MP Cost: 6, Damage: 250%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
Following the tradition, a few facts:
The weather then proceeded to take a turn for the worst - this has got to be the wettest drought on record!
Here was a good example of a wide-spread infestation left to run riot for many years, and centred on a dilapidated old barn once used as an animal feed store.
"You see, we shared this flat which was basically one room divided into two by a thin cardboard screen. It was, as you can imagine, not fit to live in. Anyway, Greg used to complain about the gasps and screams coming from my side of the partition and, I must admit, his women used to get on my nerves too. No comment on Gregory, just his women – but I decided to move out.
at the same time your heart and you want to.
So what exactly does this have to do with work? Everything. Here're examples of divergent thinking that break norms...
I’m cold.
We hear news reports regarding Bumpy's funeral, characterizing him as a generous man of the people. His funeral has a massive attendance including mob boss Dominic Cattano (Armand Assante,)the mayor, and the police chief. Frank watches the attendees, including gangsters Nikki Barnes (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and Tango (Idris Elba) who annoys Frank by setting a glass on Bumpy's table without a coaster. When Frank cleans it up, Tango tells him to get a light for his cigarette. Frank goes to check on Bumpy's dog, who seems happy to see him. Bumpy's man Charlie Williams (Joe Morton) checks on Frank, telling him that Bumpy made him promise to see that Frank was taken care of if anything ever happened. Frank tells Charlie that most of the people attending owed Bumpy money, and he plans to collect from them all.
In a previous post I mentioned that I thought the author of loveisntenough.com is too liberal for my taste. I was trying to put a finger on the feeling I had, but wasn't quite able to do it at the time. I think I have now. I think she focuses to much on her children's race and makes it too much of an issue. That being said, sometimes you have to do so in order to get your point across and teach others. I believe she is trying to teach as many people as possible about what it is really like to grow up as a black person in America, among other things.
Much of the film takes place in cramped rooms, underlining at various times both the characters' lack of means and their limited horizons, focused as they are only on immediate gain; there is a constant tension to the film, too, though born mostly of a sense that things could go spectacularly awry at any moment. It's not so much a question of whether things will turn out badly as when - and how badly.
6. Burn off any extra facial hair if desired and hang the head over a smoky fire in order to allow it to harden to a deep black sheen. The final touch is to use a heated machete placed on the lips in order to dry them enough to take the wooden pegs out and replace them with long jungle string.
Since no one Democrat is brave enough to take on barry and his Chicago boys, is there no way to stop the obama juggernaut?
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!!
Q012) What’s a shop you like in Japan?
I hold your name
It was funny as I searched through my stash of fabric to make these sample blocks only to realize that I pretty much gave everything in my fabric stash to my mother - I hope she's happy - so I had to run to the quilt store for some fabric. This fabric line screamed at me as I walked by, so I bought some yardage of each piece in the line they carried. The line is called "Bright Owl" by Alice Kennedy for Timeless Treasures Fabrics.
4.) Odyssey (Jeff Cannata - Philip Stoltie) - 7:10
We learned kelp is an algea that provides iodine, and iodine is responsible for regulating hormones in the thyroid. Asian cultures had almost no deficiency of iodine due to their sea-based diets, but Europeans had it so often, women were painted with goiters as a sign of beauty.
“I realize what life is all about. It’s hanging on when your heart has had enough. It’s giving more when you feel like giving up.”
117/365 days of blogging
For most people, this isn't a huge deal because they can spend the afternoons and nights with family. For me, a little bit bigger of a deal... I don't have family in Germany and most of my close friends are traveling back home on "break." When I actually think about it, I do get pretty upset knowing I'll be by myself on Christmas, because it's largely celebrated in my family. Usually, my mom makes a big brunch with a ham (that my cousin Maggie has a habit of dropping on the floor) and casseroles and desserts. We head over to my Aunt Katie's on Christmas Even for food and drinks. It's really a ton of fun, and something I have always looked forward to. The women stay in the living room drinking wine, dancing and singing our own renditions of Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas," and the family favorite "Midnight Train to Georgia," by Gladys Knight and the Pips, while the men all head downstairs into the "man cave" drinking too much whiskey or Vodka or whatever it is that they do down there...
without further ado.
It also mentions some books which are probably two of the "Bibles"
Mike Mage of the Montgomery County ACLU adds, “Congratulations to the Montgomery County Civil Rights Coalition for having the resolve to coordinate this extremely important resolution in defense of our most fundamental rights.“
Today my boss called me in for a "meeting", which meant I was in trouble. I quickly ran through all the things I've done wrong lately. It could be about being late every day. I really am about 7 minutes late every single day. Dropping Lucy off just adds time, and I'm not willing to drop her and run. I help her take off her shoes and make sure she's all settled before I go.
Sandy
We’re down
Halle Sellassie is just another take on the theme of false symbols and decadent belief. From there, the painters seem to want to take the viewer literally to the Edge of Oblivion (2004), an oil on view at the end of the show and at the top of the gallery’s staircase. The work is Davis and Langlois’ “rock and roll painting,” and it is an image of a cobra seemingly eating its cousin. This recalls primal, cultish myths of Saturn, Ouroboros, and savage primitivism. The black outlines of the serpent carve into the surface of the painting giving it the gritty look of a tattoo. In terms of spirituality, the image comes across as slightly crass and almost as a rude joke. It is as though the zenith of myth functions in America as the perfect iron-on patch for a biker jacket. Ozzy would approve.
Dear Dennis,
Cheese Plate
CYBERGREETINGS!
This Wednesday night service at church, our pastor spoke on what the Bible says about alcohol and getting drunk with alcohol. Personally, in some ways the message did not apply as I grew up away from the temptations of alcohol and even in my adult life, alcohol has never really tempted me. I have seen what alcohol, most specifically getting drunk with alcohol, can do to a person and to others around them and I just do not want to deal with the consequences. However, in the midst of listening to the message, I had a few thoughts.
This is what Sir John Betjeman called the Harmondsworth Barn near Heathrow. The largest timber-framed structure in England, dating from 1426, this amazing symphony in oak was being used as intended as recently as 1978. Quite remarkable. The barn measures 192 feet by 37 feet and is 39 feet high. As you enter, you appreciate immediately what Betjeman meant.
The steak I had on Friday from there was probably the best, tastiest, piece of beef I have ever eaten and knowing how well the animals are looked after, how much care goes into the production of organic, grass-fed beef just makes it taste even better. I also bought an organic free range chicken as well and in all honestly it looks nothing like the bland anaemic looking birds you see in the local supermarket – just writing this is making my mouth water!
1907 Waltham Ladies Pocketwatch I paid $6 for it at a consignment shop. Yeah, someone's grandmother is rolling over in her grave over that.
amen, aletha.
When I started walking up the stairs around 11:15 Nasty Girl by Vanity 6 was playing. What an intro, and the place was packed. I had on my Johnny Walker pin so you know I was drinking scotch for the evening. The idea behind the party was to play whatever would get the crowd moving. Baltimore Club, Oldies, Rare Grooves, Mash Ups, and a Cali set was all played.
There are three styles of wool diaper covers, four if you count wraps separately. Each of the styles fit over a prefold or fitted diaper. You can also put a folded pre-fold or pad inside and pull on the wool cover. Soakers look like underwear and cover just the diaper area. The second are called shorties and they have a longer leg that goes to just above the knee. Lastly there are longies, these look like wool pants. Because wool is a natural and breathable product your baby can wear it year round. It is just a preference as the style you want them to wear. Little Man is wearing these at night to start so I am choosing the middle of the road style to keep him warm but not too hot either.
I posted a long time ago about the jewelry that I put on everyday. Reminders of my family and friends, symbols of my marriage and my baby, little sparkly chains and charms that made me feel like I could make it through the day.
I think Hareton is slightly more mild as compared to Heathcliff. He doesn’t have the history of rejection that Heathcliff had. I think (for better or worse) the knowledge that Hareton is born to a family with a name and a history hold Hareton back from becoming as strictly hurtful as Heathcliff.
When a black is a ringleader of a brutal attack on white victims at an English-speaking school, the headmaster and parents want it covered up and handled internally. There is very little outcry in the liberal press.
As fate would have it, dad had a pile of building materials left over from a recent home improvement endeavor, ripe for the picking. An idea began to form in the back of my mind. One morning when mom sent us outside to play so she could clean house in peace, I set my plan into action. I convinced my younger brother to help me build my own roller coaster using concrete blocks and two-by-fours for a track and our trusty oversized Radio Flyer for the car. What could *possibly* go wrong?
But as always, today is a new day. The earth has turned, the sun has risen, a few good hours of sleep has dulled (but not completely erased) the sharp, twisted feelings of not being appreciated.
1 (12 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed
If you're moving around a kitchen, an art studio, a garden — or any number of other places — an apron can be a helpful organizing aid, making sure you have essential tools close at hand. And there are a wide range of aprons available to provide that aid!
Estimate Labor:
Release Date : 26 December 1981
for the New Year from all the DT
Clinton, a member of the Jesuit-controlled Bilderberg Group and the
it was for the pure pleasure of seeing someone die from just being his sort of kind
An industry study released Monday shows that nearly half of home sales activity last month involved distressed properties, a trend that is likely to continue as the backlog of foreclosures and mortgage defaults make their way through the pipeline.
Can you guess where I'm going with this?
I think MOG is the clear winner when it comes to creating play lists. Look at this:
He netted his first goal for the Catalan club on 1 May 2005 aged 17 years, 10 months and seven days in a La Liga game against Albacete at the Camp Nou after coming through the youth system with contemporaries Cesc Fábregas and Gerard Piqué.
On the subject of THE DEVIL’S ROCK, some rather nice new pix have come my way. The first one (right) ought to have you laughing, and maybe puking at the same time. It was taken on set during the actual shoot, and depicts make-up artist Dara Wakeley assessing Karlos Drinkwater on screen, oblivious to the dangling intestines all around her. But then it's a tough industry. You get hardened to that kind of thing.
“I wanted people to see the finished buildings before we talked about prices,” says Chris. “I could have set a budget but I love the building and wanted to make homes that I would want to live in myself. It’s probably not a very good developer way of looking at it but I hope when people see them, they feel the same way as I do.”
“Jacobs”
Alibaba’s Web-based trading platform, Taobao, is a great example of a product that emerged from deep insights into how customers were underserved and their inability to connect with suppliers, as well as a sophisticated understanding of the Chinese banking system. This dominant marketplace enables thousands of Chinese manufacturers to find and transact with potential customers directly. What looks like a straightforward eBay-like trading platform actually embeds numerous significant innovations to support these transactions, such as an ability to facilitate electronic fund transfers and to account for idiosyncrasies in the national banking system. Taobao wouldn’t have happened without Alibaba’s deep, analytically driven understanding of customers.
Scientists have jumped the gun before on proclaiming that planets outside our solar system were habitable only to have them turn out to be not quite so conducive to life. But this one is so clearly in the right zone that five outside astronomers told The Associated Press it seems to be the real thing.
Jack Hale - trombone, trumpet
Actually, that's not entirely true, I like mowing the lawn, especially with one of those groovy ride-on mowers! (I'm probably the only person who envied Forrest Gump his day job) I also don't mind pruning, I like to wear a big floppy straw hat and carry an elegant basket, pretending I'm the Lady of the manor as I delicately nip at rose stems and daydream about Pimms and cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off. That's my idea of gardening.
The bad event was, as most people reading this will know, my sister-in-law passing away Nov. 10th due to complications from a surgery she had. Saying its been hard on the family I think is an understatement even if we all look ok on the surface.
(Text Box comment Page 1)
Then, campaigns. During the 2004 presidential election, I worked for John Kerry. At every rally, and I mean EVERY rally, the song “No Surrender” played as soon as the candidate finished speaking. My dear friend Crystal will attest to this day it is impossible to hear the drum riff at the beginning of the song without thinking that it is time to move the press to the bus. Pavlov aside, that song was our anthem. At the end of the campaign, it had become a war cry.
John Coxon explains key points in designing and building a motorsports transmission – from the gear teeth to choice of differential
Maybe something like this:
nursing than we
What I take that to mean is striking in a non-conventionally pretty kind of way. Memorable, eye-catching, and just a little bit off looking. Being one of those women, I find owning that rather than hiding from it serves me best.
I love being your mom, even when you keep me holed up in a room for hours and change my sleep time from 11, I wouldn't change a thing.
08 Unknow 11:25
suit — Rafaella (Boscov's)
Large spoon
xx Suzi B xx
And when God made us in His image – guess what? – the devil – the evil one – beelzebub – whatever you call him – was jealous of US!
I normally don't require this, but for this blog candy, you must be a follower. I want to ensure that one of my followers gets rewarded with this prize since I am doing it for them! Just leave a comment on this post and I will pick a winner on May 1, 2012. Please leave a way for me to contact you. For this blog candy, I will try and contact you rather then have you contact me (what I normally do). Once the winner is chosen, you will have one week (end of day May 7) to send me your mailing information. If I don't receive a reply, then I will pick another winner on that Monday, May 8th and so on until the prize is given away.
They ride and take the tube
God was giving to Peter, something not before revealed, for him to go to Cornelius, a Gentile and uncircumcised. God, again, used a trance for communication. It was used to make known that which formerly had not been made known.
Showing brothers way as Colonel Riyadh with the Commission and showed the epitaxial relationship, which showed his arrogance and that we must create a collective leadership to ensure the smooth progress of work, where the actions of Colonel do not suggest to deal with him, and need to be in-depth study we do in the office next.
-2 tbsp chili powder
Watch for more. In the future I will show you more of my quilting space.
Mentem is Latin for Mind. So a writ of Habeus Mentem in this case is a writ to release the respondents from the prison in their minds.
I was investigating Heizo Takenaka – but they all go back to the same cabal.
Inn leaned forward and quickly pushed his rook forward two squares knocking over an enemy bishop. For him, the board is a playground, a space to move freely and dance with power, even while he’s caught in a bureaucratic maze.
There are a few settings already being developed for EABA v2.0 including an updated CORPS campaign.
On Sunday, 5 February, at the Divine Liturgy, Alexander Schmorell was named amongst the New Martyrs and Confessors of Russia, who are the heavenly patrons of the München Cathedral. Metropolitan Valentin Mishchuk of Orenburg and Saraktash, Metropolitan Onufry Berezovsky of Chernovtsy and all Bukovina, Archbishop Feofan Galinsky of Berlin and all Germany of the MP, and Bishop Michael Donskoff of Geneva and Western Europe, and Bishop Agapit Gorachek of Stuttgart (Vicar of the Diocese of Berlin and all Germany) of the ROCOR attended the services of the glorification. Archbishop Mark Arndt of Berlin and all Germany of the ROCOR led the services.
I think it’s supposed to be a reward for racing but it still tasted good.
2. I don’t always spend hours at the park when we go. Most times our park adventures run about 20-30 minutes.All they really need and all i want.Oh, I know that you’re scowling at me now. I wish that I could spend the day at the park with all the other moms/dads.Gallantly chasing after my two toddlers while they run in OPPOSITE directions, and looking good doing so.Unless its a small fenced in park, I just can’t relax.It’s impossible to see saw with my daughter, all the while my 3 year old little guy is trying desperately to climb up the slide. This is while I am getting the evil eye from the “helicopter moms”. So, just because we don’t hang at our local park, my kids get plenty of outdoor time, especially on nice days.We just do it at home, from our own backyard.
It was this combination of facts that was the foundation for Kelly’s assertion, and which led to the plaque at 426 Henry St.
14. ALLAN DONALD (RSA) Right Arm Fast (1985-2004)
it suitable for a formal occasion, almost like a Casanova feel.
But Tommy ain’t a bloomin’ fool – you bet that Tommy sees!
It started to rain a little, on and off, just a nice mist.
The school library fulfils these functions by developing policies and services, selecting and acquiring resources, providing physical and intellectual access to appropriate sources of information, providing instructional facilities, and employing trained staff.
Like most of you know, New York has a biiiig Subway system. Well, nice and stuff, but we kinda got scared in there hahaa
Here's a pretty card I created for Kim Hupke, Spellbinder's Educational Director, thanking her for the fabulous time we all had at the Design Team Retreat. I sneakily had the entire design team sign the card as well! Come back tomorrow to see what I created for Cathy, the DT Coordinator, then on Thursday I will show the card I made for Stacey, owner of Spellbinder's.
106. My Teacher Glows in the Dark: Bruce Coville
The Lord uses Ezekiel to deliver a very clear message to the house of Israel. “This says the Lord God: Will you defile yourselves after the manner of your fathers and go whoring after their detestable things?” (v 30). “What is in your mind shall never happen – the thought, ‘Let us be like the nations, like the tribes of the countries, and worship wood and stone.’ As I live, declared the Lord God, surely with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm and with wrath poured out I will be king over you… I will purge the rebels from among you, and those who transgress against me… Then you will know that I am the Lord” (v 33-38). The people are seeking to be like the other nations. Isn’t that exactly what we try to do sometime? We want so desperately to have everything the world offers, and be everything the world thinks we should be. For the Israelites, the Lord again says that He will purge those who rebel against His will. Here’s the part I really like. Refraining from truly, fully pouring out his wrath on Israel time after time, the Lord teaches of His mercy, reminding them, “you shall know that I am the Lord, when I deal with you for my name’s sake, not according to your evil ways, nor according to your corrupt deeds” (v 44).
Brand new podcast from Stones Throw Records people!
Juice of 1 lemon, plus 1 sliced lemon
Shoes - Payless
Mixed corn and seed is not good enough for the likes of those who visit my garden. Oh no. We all demand nuts. Peanuts. Almonds are not good enough, nor are walnuts. No, in the depths of winter when we all want fattening up, it is the peanut to which we turn. Which we fight over, squabble about and go to war.
I could go on and on and ON, but I'll stop there. Hope the new season is treating you kindly so far.
I will admit here that this ballet was only my second live ballet. I did drag my mum along, as she is a season ticket holder to the Australian Ballet and I wanted to make sure my opinion wasn’t too far away from a cultured follower.
Note: I linked to the new version of all of these things, but watch Craigslist for used options. I got several of the things on the list that way for way cheaper than new. Off the top of my head, I know I've seen the Rock N Play, tons of Pack N Plays, swings, bouncers, play mats, etc. listed all the time.
A heart filled with Jesus. That is, to Our Lord did St. Joseph consecrate all his solicitude, his energy, his resources, his time. Our dear Father, Protector and Patron reserved nothing for himself, but completely oblivious of any personal needs, desires, or views, devoted himself entirely to the interests and the needs of Jesus. Nothing existed for Joseph except Jesus and Mary, and he felt that his life on earth had no other raison d’etre than his care for them. Like St. Joseph, we must give ourselves generously and totally, without sparing, without reserve, but, at the same time, we must also give ourselves to the works of God with a heart filled with God, with a heart which lives with Him in an intimate union nourished by the assiduous exercise of prayer.
“The China factor is one of the most worrisome in the new debates over water in Africa,” said Peter Gleick, president of the Pacific Institute, a California-based environmental and economic research centre. “They are pursuing unilateral water development projects that are going to affect downstream countries and regional politics.”
My plan for the future is coming into view now. I am looking to the end of August (9 years since the first operation) as the point where I hope to be clear of all medication and back to as close to ‘full strength’ as possible. I start physiotherapy on Wednesday so that will help me with starting the journey of re-strengthening the muscles in my back and building my fitness levels back up. I hope that this time frame is not too ambitious but I do believe that if you don’t set a target there’s nothing to aim for and that motivation is a challenging thing to find for a vague goal!!!
of your wonderful heart.
1 musta
Good afternoon Ladies,
Some exciting news here (at least for me...LOL). There is a new challenge blog coming soon, Sweet Stamping Pixies Challenge. It is devoted to fairy/sprite/pixie images (stamps/digis). It is a monthly challenge--the 2nd Monday of each month. I am excited because I get to be one of the DT members...woo-hoo. Mark your calendar! Hope you will join us. The challenge starts on March 12, 2012.
Today, Argentina continues to assert that they own the Falklands. They point out Spain was the first European power to claim them, when Magellan sailed past in 1502. Although Englishmen erected a settlement in 1766, they argue Spanish forces evicted them in 1779, just four years later. While a 1771 treaty gave Britain a right to return, they note the English voluntarily gave up the place again in 1776. Argentina asserts Spain subsequently governed the islands, until Argentine independence was declared in 1811. Argentina alleges an unbroken chain of title flowing through Spain, their predecessor-in-interest, all the way back to Magellan.
Add in eggs, one at a time, then add flax-seed mixture and mix well
Understand what is known will never take hold
Looking back, I think I was rather a strange kid. Strange in a sense that I have my fair share of peculiarities. One of which falls under the ambitions category. Most kids dream of becoming a doctor, an astronaut, a teacher and all the other noble professions you could think of, but I wanted to become a businesswoman… in the gambling business (will post a separate entry about this)! I was very vocal about it, too.
The overall miscarriage rate is reported as 15-20%, which means 15-20% of recognized pregnancies result in miscarriage. That’s a lot when you figure there are over 4 million confirmed pregnancies in the U.S. every year. Have you had a miscarriage? How did you get through it? Why is the subject of miscarriage so taboo?
Just for fun, see if you can involve all five senses AND include these random words: "synbatec," "wastopaneer," and "tacise." (NB. these words are completely made up and are not intended to have any meaning other than the one you give them).
I honestly can't explain what happened yesterday. It all happened sooooo fast. In the blink of an eye it was over. I guess it was almost magical. I don't even know how to start this post. That is how unsure I am of what happened!!!
among the strong words,
- slowly add milk, stirring till smooth
-Of course rain barrels and composting can help you save money as well!
I casually asked my midwife if she would be willing to …….help, for lack of a better word………me go into labor when I was 38 weeks 2 days because I had been having contractions, was dilated to a 5 and effaced. (which is normal for me- I usually spend the last few weeks that way) I was truly terrified that my sweetheart wouldn’t make it if we didn’t get things going that weekend when he was in town.
location shape-shifting, helping as
6. Clean your closet
Artichoke, Lemon Rice Pilaf
Phyllis at Our Journey and All Things Beautiful: Phyllis is a faithful poster as part of the Outdoor Hour Challenge. She is the mom of many and yet she takes care to nourish each of her children in their own way. She always posts with substance.
In this blog entry that I posted while I was in San Francisco, I mentioned that I had visited the Mission Dolores, a historic religious settlement that was not only the city's oldest surviving structure, but was also one of many sites in the city featured in Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo. Well, I couldn't resist shooting some video while I was wandering around the Mission Dolores graveyard...and then later overlaying a bit of the Vertigo soundtrack onto it: the strangely ethereal music Bernard Herrmann wrote for the moment Scottie spies on the woman he knows as Madeleine Elster visiting the Mission Dolores graveyard and laying a flower on the grave of a Carlotta Valdés. You can hear those gorgeous strings steal into the video about a minute and 25 seconds into it.
I learnt that life isn't just about find out who you are but rather its about creating who you are. I plan on using this blog to express my feelings, and keep daily (try to keep daily) updates about anything that is going on in my life or something thats on my mind :)
The album begins with a storyline that you have to read (you don’t need to if you don’t want to follow the story the songs are telling and just want to relax and enjoy the music). I don’t want to get into the back story as it is long but you can find all the stories from the Christmas trilogy and the bands other releases here: http://trans-siberian.com/.
The gardening and canning halted when my husband changed careers and we moved to Atlanta (GA), where he attended seminary) for three years. We returned to Pennsylvania, but only now have we continued our gardening—and at a much smaller size. Meanwhile, my sdaughter and son-in-law, Sandy and Michael, have a perfect garden admired by everyone—even though they only have space for a small patch.
Please pledge a rosary for the cause of the Tridentine Latin Mass returning to West Wales and, in particular, for the Mass to return to the shrine of Our Lady of the Taper - we do not need money, just a pledge of your prayers
basil and cilantro, if you've got it
Since the Spring and Easter season is just around the corner, I thought that I would offer a special price for this original watercolor called, "Bunny Love". It's full of wonderful Spring colors and has lots of details and of course, it's made with love. I've had this painting for some time now and each day I've been going through my flat files and finding paintings hidden away. I figured that they need new homes and there is no reason for me to hold onto them any longer. It measures 7x9 inches and was created using watercolors and gesso on Arches 140lb hot press paper.
Al-Jazeera’s crew was roughed about and their camera damaged after they tried to film an officer beating up a protester.
While in voting for a temporary deferment of the judgment I was moved by the belief that the positive compliance with the Constitution by the other branches of the Government, which is our prime concern in all these cases, would be effected, and indefinite deferment will produce the opposite result because it would legitimize a prolonged or permanent evasion of our organic law. Executive orders which are, in our opinion, repugnant to the Constitution, would be given permanent life, opening the way to practices which may undermine our constitutional structure.
Consequently this has left us with a rather unique piece of Sell! Sell! memorabilia. A one-off. A 'special' pen, if you will.
But they're also fallacious. In the first place, Israel can consider itself exempt from humanitarian concerns and lack simple human decency even as other famous countries are worse offenders in either area. Even if Bank's and O'Toole's argument had been what Garrard claims it to be, there would be no contradiction.
said time and time again.
hush now don't you cry,
An essential travel skill, however, is being able to find convenient restroom facilities. This is especially important when exploring unfamiliar locations, being unable to access your current temporary residence (many hostels and inns close during the day), and on road trips.
Some of your past life karma is played out through astrology and issues such as oppositions, squares, and the like.
Living life through our projections assures us that our insecurities will be maintained. This is a world of danger, where our survival as a worthy being is always in doubt. In direct contrast with the world of the hunter-gatherer, in the world of projections, trust, if it manifests at all, is a very fragile and tenuous commodity. The mind needs to constantly survey its small world for enemies and threats to its flimsy security. For many of us, this is the only way we know how to live.
All the kids were engaged in playing for the whole period. Some of them asked "Can we play this again?" which blew my mind. I intended to do an exit assessment but didn't, so I'll give it to them at the beginning of class tomorrow and see what they retained. If I made new games, I would make the Statement Cards a different color from the T/F cards for easier sorting. It also needs an awesome, catchy name! But I haven't thought of anything worthy yet.
Baseball season has never been so long, my friend.
To conclude otherwise would mean that any broad hint, or “nudge and a wink” would fall outside the act, both in terms of asking for a bribe (Sec2) or offering one (Sec1)
Bingo: Scenes of Money and Death is a play written in 1973 and portrays an ageing, Shakespeare in his home in Warwickshire. Without giving much away, it shows Shakespeare engaging in land deals (sort of) and dealing with family trials and tribulations.
I know things weren’t the same after Chickie came along. You were the only child for so long and just didn’t understand why you weren’t the baby anymore. We still loved you though. You were still our Sade.
I don't think that she looks too thin at all, to me, she looks toned and healthy.
You know him as one of the most distinctive voices on one of the most gut-wrenching love songs ever written (“Cause I Love You”), and as the former lead singer for the legendary group Tower of Power. He is the legendary soul balladeer Lenny Williams. Over the past 3 decades Lenny has had such classic hits as, “So Very Hard to Go,” “Cause I Love You” and “Don’t Make Me Wait For Love,” his top Pop and R&B hit with Kenny G.
You will find a lot more writing like that in this book. Beautiful passages and deep character development. It's about the characters and their lives and the challenges they face. If it sounds like something you might like, I would highly recommend it to you.
to the assaultive bustle of Jerusalem today, not to mention the distressed agony
But it was still quite humid with a lot of low cloud around.
Just because the NT alludes to these writings does not mean that these writings are correct, they are certainly not the inspired Word of God (like the OT/NT).
We can see this in many places across the country for example in Birmingham Kings Norton Labour’s vote reduced from 2,762 in 2011 to 2047 in 2012 and in Sheffield Broomhill Labour’s vote reduced from 1741 in 2011 to 1303 in 2012 despite Labour gaining the seat. Clearly there are examples of areas where Labour has increased the number of votes but because the turnout was so low generally we saw a reduced number of people voting for all parties.
Some gold brads, and my Gold pilot marker.
I whip this up with hope in my heart that I may have made a new friend, distract all our kids with basic cookies or plain vanilla ice cream of their own, and then serve my Potential New Friend a steamy hot and gooey dessert with Haagen Dasz melting on top to see if she can fall in love with me through my dessert.
"Spi... sp... " I closed my mouth and swallowed a scream. "But there are so many!" I said.
"Phil Dick didn't need a vast invisible satellite to explain away the fact that he finally started paying his bills and chasing his agent for slipped royalties. But it helped to think so. He suddenly "knew", one day, that his son had some kind of undiagnosed physical defect and took him to get checked out. Which is either knowledge from beyond or the sudden paranoia of someone who was both a famed nutcase and drenched in amphetamines and also wrote some of the most paranoid fiction of the 20th century."
“Cleaning Up” Points Presenter: Dan Vayness
Sometimes, just sometimes, the little rabbit cooks rather than bakes. I always opt for a giant slice of chocolate cake over anything salty or fried, but sometimes it's important to rouse the salty taste buds from dormancy to ensure they haven't been overrun by their sweeter counterparts.
For a while now I have been encouraging my students and the teachers I work with to consider games for homework. Can you imagine what your view of math might be today if your teacher sent you home with a game instead of a worksheet with 50 problems? I'm a game player at heart and know that my problem solving skills and facility with numbers developed in part because I played board games of all kinds. With so many kids spending time on the computers, smart phones, Wii's and other electronic devices, I'm convinced they miss out on a great deal when they don't sit down with another human being and engage in simple conversation and a battle of wits over a game.
However, we only see koalas occasionally. Numbers are dwindling and they sleep high up in the trees well camouflaged during the day. They feed and move from tree to tree at night. Within the conservation park there is The Daisy Hill Koala Centre, which is an educational facility and it also cares for orphaned baby koalas, often taken from the pouches of mothers who have been hit by cars or mauled by dogs.
You'll need to use More Mustard first, then Close to Cocoa, then Chocolate Chip and then Whisper White.
supporters claim to have not seen BOLD action on your part.
“You want us to let ‘em fly off, Sarge?” the Ranger who had made the shot through the cargo hold of the Blackhawk responded.
“Ah, ‘different ball game’, that’s an expression I’d learned when I was away somewhere….”
Steam...
Please know I am grateful for you all, whether you're a regular subscriber here or you just stumbled on the blog by chance and decided to read a post or two. I am always open to your thoughts and suggestions on how to improve - what would you like to see more of? Less of? Want to suggest a band for an NW4NW post? Interested in writing a guest post? Let me know!
Out of the cold came a stooped and bent old woman--Loki in disguise--who also enjoyed the fun. As the festivities continued on, however, poor Hodr, Baldr's blind twin brother, kept trying to shoot arrows at Baldr but missed. Because he was blind, and couldn't see to shoot straight. Kind of like a Storm Trooper.
Once the wizard is submitted in some cases users are also given option look to see their submission (e.g. order) history. This information is presented on the confirmation page with a link to go to that page.
4 person
Either way, I love love love all the shades of green...I'm just not too sure about the leaves. What do you think?
An improvement on the chain rakes is the so-called “porcupine” machinery, which has, perhaps, been more extensively adopted than any other form of mashing apparatus. Of an example of this form of mashing machine we gave an engraving on page 532 of our number for the 29th of May last, our illustration representing a vertical section and plan of one of the cast-iron mash-tuns at Messrs. Truman’s brewery, which mash-tuns we may mention, are all, with one exception, also fitted with Steel’s masher, which we shall describe presently. The mashing apparatus of which we are now speaking, consists, as will be seen, of a series of rakes carried by curved arms fixed to a pair of horizontal shafts placed one above the other; the rakes being arranged so that, as the shafts revolve, they pass each other and thoroughly turn over the “goods” in the mash-tun. The inner ends of the horizontal shafts are carried by plummer blocks attached to brackets which encircle the central vertical, or driving, shaft, the lower end of which latter shaft rests upon a suitable bearing at the bottom of the mash-tun. The outer ends of the rake shafts rest in bearings carried by a kind of frame, which is connected by tie bars with the brackets encircling the central shaft, and which is supported by a pair of rollers which bear on the rim of the mash-tun. The upper part of this frame also carries bearings for a pair of shafts, which are geared together, and each of which has, running loose on it, a pinion which gears into a rack formed round the edge of the mash-tun. Each shaft, also, carries a sliding clutch for connectiug it to its pinion, and these clutches are both worked by one lever, arranged as shown in the plan, so that either can be thrown in gear at pleasure, but so that they cannot be engaged simultaneously. One of the pinion shafts extends inwards towards the centre of the mash-tun, and at its inner end it carries a bevel wheel, which gears into a bevel pinion on the central shaft, this pinion being about one-third the size of the wheel. The rake shafts also carry bevel wheels, which gear into equal sized wheels on the vertical shaft, the pairs of wheels being arranged so that the two rake shafts are both made to revolve in the same direction.
Not only is his collection impressive, the man himself is worthy of praise.
Saturday afternoon, we went on a date to every ethnic food store in Florence- pretty awesome adventure if you ask me! Clay bought some marinades and lots of curry spices at the Asian market, and I got veggie burgers and Indian ice cream. It was my first time trying Indian ice cream, which has a different texture than regular ice cream or frozen yogurt. I got the $1 cup since it was a new-to-me food, but it was pretty tasty- I’d certainly eat it again.
Non-Muslims are not welcome in Mecca. In fact, the Hajj exhibit acknowledges this fact by reproducing in a work of art the famous traffic sign in Saudi Arabia that directs non-Muslims away from the road to the holy shrines.
Tawnya giggled. She laughed at all of Taylor’s attempts at humor, even when they weren’t always that funny.
You sit there and tell this woman that she, in her former and her usual peace, is not truly healed… while recommending that she eventually see “the truth”… the truth as your friends have seen it, your truth which from our eyes only held anger and blame in a blanketing sweep. The angry truth. Is that better for her? Because my friend had her head on straight and was mad at no one until she was provoked. The pain she feels now is from whatever is inflicted on her by the blamers, the rage-addicts. In other words, she was fine until you all got to her to intentionally wound her. But she remains the villain in your story. As do I. I could assure you our noble intent, our heart, our truth, goodness and fairness in judgment… but I don’t think you could agree. Regardless, I would challenge you to reexamine, in humility, that none of you are fit to judge this woman, her calm method of accepting The Creator’s plan, nor are any of you properly trained or equipped to, from a distance, tell her who and what was responsible for her loss. An acknowledgment of these things would be nice, but we will not wait or expect.
After she’s done coating them, she lets the paper dry in a drawer. (Sorry, I forgot what it was called.)
It is an impressive-looking beer. A striking russet, and clear as a winter night. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it wasn't russet. It has a characteristically lager-y aroma, like a marzen, sweet with a touch of aromatic noble hopping.
The subsequent strikes around the country resulted, over the next 20 years, in an 8-hour workday for the majority of unionized trade workers. May 1st, 1886, is still looked upon as the date on which the movement truly found its feet, and the repercussions of the May 1st Chicago resolution gave the movement its first martyrs. International Workers’ Day commemorates their fight.
Even some of the Victorian novelists are a bit heavy-going nowadays.
If you haven’t already heard the news, you are in for a shock. In the wake of the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic and just weeks after a memorial cruise set sail to commemorate its journey, Australian billionaire Clive Palmer has announced plans to build an exact replica of the historic vessel.
"With the advent of the World Wide Web, there’s so much information out there for us to absorb and so little time to absorb it... that we really need to hit people over the fucking head more forcefully and relentlessly than ever."Most of these "relationship" goobers couldn't sell a nose ring to a barista. As George Tannenbaum brilliantly put it last week...
( don't read if you love mice!)
I am suffering serious Bead & Button show envy. I went to the Tucson shows a few months ago, but I really wish I could have gone to B&B too! Does anyone know if you have to be a wholesale buyer for B&B or can you go as a retail buyer? I don't have a wholesale license and I don't sell my stuff - it's just a hobby/obsession.
Fact is UbiSoft Quebec is a studio of roughly 300 employees technically the studio could be making both an MMO as well as a WiiU game. But lets look at the chances of that. How many staffers does it take to make a MMO? How much money? and the possibility they are actually making two games yet one and the same!
This series has mystery, intrigue, suspense, fantasy, and now romance contained inside. The author truly has you spell bound and once again I found myself late at night on Amazon purchasing the next two books. Only 3 more books left in the series... who knows what will happen next!﻿
Here are some pics:
Drik is in a position to make such statements because we’re financially independent. We’re not funded, so we don’t have to renew licenses every year like the NGOs in Bangladesh. Also, Drik is a media organisation with a huge public popularity. And we’re risk takers!
Why flash fiction? Did you gravitate naturally to it or was this something you tried and found it was a perfect fit. Do you also write longer fictions, or even contemplate a novel?
Writer : Ian Coughlan
I knocked on the door of the house the wall belonged to.
Speaking from his brimstone throne, the Dark Lord said that even he, in his eons of evil existence, has not gone down that low or shown such lack of humanity and mercy. Adding that it’s not often he’s ever been shocked by anything, he didn’t think humans were capable of abandoning 300 cats and kittens to a slow and painful death.
1. Sixteen Tons- Tennessee Ernie Ford
After getting our third choice for Embassy appointment, and then requesting a new appointment date after our appointment was already confirmed and then changing flights, and then changing them again - we finally have a plan.
Article By: Joel Brown
there with one score.
Dressing up
home and to keep your family safe.
After consulting a few Google search results, I started by scoring where the chair rail meets the wall with our handy utility knife. I did the top and bottom and all around where it met the window and the kitchen doorway trim. (I really need to paint my nails so you know it's me doing the work and not Aaron! Maybe on our next night off from home-work - maybe movie night.)
14. Most people don’t know Earth has almost exited third density or that the law of physics governing life in this universe holds that nothing with the low frequency vibrations of darkness can enter the high vibrations of fourth density. This includes physical bodies, activities, plans, dogmas, laws, customs, rituals — everything devised with dark intent to control the populace; everything that is harmful to body, mind and spirit; everything that for millennia kept your world mired in third density will be ending within months.
Locke is happy because "It worked". He has use of his legs again. When he moves his toes, memory of his "Island" experience floods him and he asks Dr. Jack, "Did you see that? You don't remember".
As we await Santa over at our human sister's house, our girl is waiting for Santa to make his way around the globe. She knows she has to be asleep before he can come to Texas and it is still too early for him.
(five, if you count the trunk)
go create oval and scallop oval dies
Chomu Press has released my new novel THE ORPHAN PALACE.
The following article provides more insights into this argument from a layman’s perspective.
I felt totally, sublimely HAPPY.
The Democratic Party leadership pretends to be interested in genuine class warfare. You hear President Obama talk about “taxing millionaires and billionaires” yet the very policies he and much of the Democratic leadership advocate do no such thing.
Also if you have any destination suggestions please post that in a comment as well, we need someplace fun to visit for February :)
from fire escapes!
It's so exciting and i know some of you have been waiting a while to hear the results, but don't be too disappointed if you haven't made it. We will be doing a Guest Designer Call very soon!
*How many televisions are in your house? 3
Then I told Olivia about Steven’s and my visit to Stella Maris on Saturday.
6. Kamla's Theme (Happy) (Santoor by Ulhas Bapat)
The former "Sat Peter Singh" here, now living in Portland, ME and still making music (www.peteralexander.us). I just found four copies of the LP in my basement, and one of them appears to be in near perfect condition. I'll make mp3 files and post them on my own website in the near future. Glad that these songs are still in circulation! --Peter Alexander 01/01/11
8:30pm: Make bed, tidy family room
That is the truth, not the huge lie now being told to excuse what some ex-colonies have done to their inheritance particularly in Africa, that Colonialism, especially British colonialism was the cause of the dire situations in which some ex-colonial countries now find themselves. A calumny which is easily exposed as the lie it is.
To my mind this sounds strange. But what I know is that I have found a peace inside that is dispelling the mental and emotional turmoil that has always invaded my happiness. There have been many personal experiences as well as healing techniques I have found that have temporarily connected me with this kind of peace, but immediately my mind in it's desperate attempt to regain control, would begin working overtime to convince me that I was crazy. What is different now, is that while I still listen to my mind, I don't let it possess me and become my identity as often. I am witness to miracles beginning to happen inside of me. I'm truly beginning to heal things I have been struggling with for years. There are still things and relationships that cause me to sink back into the illusions of my mind, but I accept that right now.
Contrary to what The Atlantic states that pre-crime screening is “doomed from the word go by a preponderance of false-positives,” terrorist screening is actually is vital and necessary part of a defense-in-depth strategy and is based on risk management principles. To secure the homeland with finite resources, we must continuously narrow in on the terrorist target by screening and refining results through validation testing, so that we can safeguard the nation as well as protect privacy and civil liberties of those who are not a threat to others.
Gulen states that his works are the subject of entire courses in schools throughout the country. Maybe they constitute the subject of classes in the Gulen charter schools that he has established throughout Central Asia, Europe, and the United States. But not one leading college or university offers a course on Gulen and his educational philosophy.
Here is a view from our hut, looking over to the next door one. Nothing is too close together or intrusive here, and the pathways meander amidst the indigenous vegetation, with the lovely scent of wild basil all around.
Horror
In addition to the passive methods implemented into the design of the house, the architects were also sensitive to using renewable sources of energy to provide for additional technical systems. Solar and photovoltaic systems are installed on the roof to provide hot water and electricity. An onsite micro waste-water-treatment plant provides rain water collection for yard irrigation.
Thirdly, keep proposing alternatives to present policies. Business may not necessarily see a direct role for itself here, but it is nevertheless essential that alternatives be put forward. Here is my list of a dozen:
In the meantime: suk san wan songkran (Happy Songkran Day!)
About the same things
The Upfronts are less than a month away and yet many pilots have yet to screen for their respective nets. In fact, a number aren’t even completed yet. Lots of pre upfront buzz on what new shows are looking hot has begun and there’s a lot of conjecture, even among people in the know. Many sure things at this point last year considerably cooled by the time it counted and vice versa. There’s really no way to make an accurate prediction, unless you’re lucky to be in those scheduling room meetings. But, there are a fair amount of things that would appear to be safe bets, in terms of each nets respective needs and where they might make some moves. I freely admit I am just (educated) guessing here, but hopefully I am not way off base in my thought process.
Die, Chameleon arrived on Saturday in good shape. Hopefully, the others will also show up in decent condition. Turns out that I also already have a beat up copy of #5, Galactica Discovers Earth, though it's in such bad shape I may want to try and find a replacement copy. Then I think I'll only need the following books: #6 The Living Legend, #8 Greetings From Earth, #10 The Long Patrol, and the final volume, #14 Surrender The Galactica.
19 Growing Up In Public
Littlest says that my voice best suits Islands in the Stream. How she became such an impresario I don't know. Neither do I know how I - the progeny of a music teacher and a highly talented former choirboy - was born with so little musical ability.
Richard Hooper from the IPO spoke next on his Digital Copyright Exchange feasibility study. You can see his Phase 1 report here. Phase 2 of his work is seeking solutions to the issues that he has identified.
This is far different from my experience. I can see mucking around a flax dam as something kids might set out to endure – kids love undergoing trials like that – or it might be that youngsters aren’t as offended by bad smells as are adults and the prize of the frogspawn was worth putting up with the malodorous pong. Certainly there were some reeds around my pond but I can’t recall any particular odours.
thy will be done,
longer than any lute’s neck but this short of dead,
Sandwiched between Paris' Japanese quarter and the exclusive shops of the Palais Royal is Télescope, a bright new cafe bringing a breath of fresh - and delicately coffee scented - air to the area.
Lord, give me ears to hear. Even when I don’t want to hear what You are saying. And even when I don’t realize I need to hear something.
Otro disco de esta gran banda de death metal tecnico grandiosos como siempre descargen
On Christmas Eve, we spent time with my father's side of the family. I didn't take many pictures, I'm afraid... My dad did take this one, however: a mostly complete, if rather blurry, group picture. ;-)
Dear Parents and students,
Peter Mullan (My Name Is Joe)
Which fight to breakthrough
If Spain refuses to comply with the demands of Bedlam’s inmates, Francois Hollande in France will be encouraged to do the same. Sarkozy is losing ground in the polls: but if Hollande is elected and finds himself surrounded by enemies while stepping over landmines left behind by the bastards, he too will buckle. That’s the way it is with the current crop of politicians.
I would type it out here, but I want to encourage you to watch the vid and see it for yourself ^^
Sweet Tooth #32
He took Janis and Dina’s order, then gazed at me. Oh, what a delectable boy he was!
"Let's call on our ancestors, lets ensure we hound Bees until he tells the truth," he said to angry shouts of agreement.
As before I will try to keep freshly picked strawberries on the stand from about 8:00AM until dusk Monday through Saturday. You can contact me and order berries for a particular day. In the event of limited quantities, I will fill orders instead of putting berries on the stand.
Rhapsody made early deals with MP3 players and phone companies to integrate it’s services, but it’s obvious that the TV, smartphone, tablet and computer are the standard devices people use every day, so as streaming music/video becomes better and common, we’ll probably see DVD/Blu-Ray players disappear, as well as dedicated MP3 players, so streaming music services need to target TVs/Computers/Tablets/Smartphones. This might also signal the end of streaming boxes like Roku and Sonos. So when you buy your next TV make sure it’s Internet ready with lots of streaming services.
The belief that freedom of expression is the fundamental requirement of an open society is based on the idea that grievances like those which animate racist and xenophobic political groups throughout Europe are better aired in the context of civilized debate rather than allowed to fester in private societies.
Avery Mitchell-Head Instructor
Despite that, Greeley's New Yorker was a very traditional publication, exhibiting none of the zest of the penny press, rows of staid columns of text, formal headlines and a very austere masthead. (You can read one volume of articles here.)
Level 9: Potions Recover 164%.
Roll out the dough on a floured surface until about 10 mm. I did them of about 8 mm but I think that the original ones were a little bit thicker. Try 10 or 12 mm. Make the cookies with either a round cookie cutter or a ¨shot glass¨, if you happen to have one...
Then it sells the information to the highest bidder. And sometimes to any bidder at all...
I moved this bench from the stairwell to this spot in the sun room when Mr. Savvy was home healing from his back surgery. He asked me what I was doing, playing house? Yes, dear, I am playing house. That is what he says every time I start moving things around. I will share wide shots of the sun room, with the blue and white plates and the new pillows that finally came, soon.
As a reader, I find choosing a good read sometimes a bit of a chore. I have high standards! I like romantic fiction, but I get stuck sometimes in a narrow genre because it delivers what I’m looking for. I want to dip my toe in the ocean of fabulousness that is romantic fiction, but I’m frightened of being disappointed.
I didn't have the recipe and I just never ever use enough buttermilk to justify purchasing it because I always end up throwing it out. So I adapted the recipe and here it is below.It's a great low budget recipe as well.
We can and should have our say in formulation and changes in the policies, we can and should have our say in the legislatures and we can and should have a say to right the wrongs, the injustices, the corruption, the abuses and wastages occasioned by the government.
Your CCTV camera always comes hand in hand with an LCD monitor the same way a pen can’t work without the right paper surface to write on. TV sets may be compatible with them, but they certainly can’t work 24/7 the way LCD monitors do and has to, considering the purpose of CCTV.
but when the sun goes down, I think this ensemble is just
to make more friends and read blogs of others who are beautiful on the inside.
This is my second year at this venue and I have to say I'm really looking forward to it. The fellas who run the show have kept the focus on original art, however I will have my art books and prints available as well original art. Last year there was so much amazing art my head was spinning.
If “diversity” isn’t forced, you describe the “diversity” my People and ONLY my White People are forced to accept?
The most impressive company there was definitely Kzoom. Beautiful work. Not just a video following you around all day. The use multiple cameramen, HS cameras, wireless microphones, they interview your bridal party, parents, etc and edit it all together into a neatly done little 60-90 minute (I can’t remember which) video. After we saw this, it really got me interested in possibly having somebody record our wedding. I shopped around and most people charge somewhere between $2000-$3000 for this service. After much thinking, neither of us is willing to pay that price tag. You can find someone on craigslist to do it for $700-900 but it won’t be anything fancy nor would it be very nicely edited. My friend Jeremy (from work, not fiance Jeremy) suggested that if you don’t really care so much about editing or quality, that you might just be better off buying a camera and finding a family member or friend to film the ceremony. I think he’s right. I’m still not certain I need/want a video. Pictures may be enough for me.
In many ways, I like The Revenge of Frankenstein better than The Curse of Frankenstein even though the original monster, whom I am usually the most intrigued by, is no where to be seen. It is a fine character study of Frankenstein well worth seeing. The cannibalism bit comes from out of left field, but there was a gore quota to be filled, I suppose.
Don't open it for at least 3 weeks.
The steps were:
month of: april
The friend that I traveled with, G, is like me, an aging party girl. There was a time, before she was a size 4, when she could probably drink as much as she thinks she can now. But now, like me, she survives on daily exercise and as many salads and lean proteins as she can stomach, to keep herself sane and strong while she manages her manic work life and her family. I, however, eat cheese and don’t have her commitment to looking hot in shorts, so I’m not a size 4. And I can drink as much as I used to in the glory days of Long Island Ice Teas and classes that start at noon.
We apparently missed a very special moment on Jennifer Flavin Stallone’s recent HSN appearance.
In one instance, the SWIFT program was used to capture a top Al Qaeda operative, Riduan Isamuddin, in Thailand in 2003.
Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant.
Do you know, I'm sitting here, beside my back door at 7pm at night. The door is open, the sun is streaming onto my back and warming it up lovely. All I can hear is birds singing. It's fabulous. After so much grey and rain. Just wonderful.
Damaged from the days of the storm
We have a full weekend ahead of us, travelling to Raleigh for the first part of the weekend and then back here for Sunday afternoon on the boat...busy, but fun and I am so glad it's Friday.
Letter writing seems to be a lost art. I remember my grandmother writing lots of letters to family and friends who lived far away. I remember my older sister buying scented stationary to send love letters to her boyfriend. All of which it seems, is becoming a lost art. I know that letter writing is still taught in schools. Yet in the real world, outside of school, how often are kids exposed to the fancy penmanship of a handwritten letter? Perhaps on occasion. Maybe not at all. Don't get me wrong, technology has it's place, and I can barely function when there's a problem with my computers, or there's a power outage, or the $300 bulb on my Smart Board goes out, in my classroom. However, I feel a bit of sadness at the idea that letter writing may become a thing of the past. So many boys and girls, will never know the thrill of running to the mailbox in anticipation of a letter J-u-s-t F-o-r T-h-e-m.
I should have known it would end badly, as did the speed bump, roller skating evening and escalator. And, while those other things happened a long time ago (and still proves my landlubber's ineptness), the fact that I was 35 and playing with a Skip-It makes this one instance even more monumentous. Just ask Anasatan who keeps threatening to buy me lemons as a present. I just turn it around and make lemonade and I stay away from any Lemon Twisters. They're evil, you know.
He is a very strong child. Imagine having to wake up everyday thinking about how the doctors opened up your head to see your brain. And he surpassed that, three times. He had chemotherapy. He lost weight, lost his hair, almost lost his vision. The most painful thing he lost was his school days, where he could have roamed the walls of our Alma Mater to continue to be the enthusiastic boy that he is. I’m sure he had a lot of dreams. His life is being in school and studying with his friends. My father was instantly moved to action, because the kid had to undergo radiation therapy like he did. This is a kid who have done nothing wrong to merit pain but had to be dragged up to the stairs because of weakness. I shivered at the thought that this wonderful, bright child is in bed finding answers to his life than wowing his teachers at school. This is one of those kids who would do EVERYTHING to be able to study again.
...I struggle with taking decent looking food photos.
Thank you for reading and I hope this helps someone set up there own server and also have fun with there own rules. If you have any problems with the tutorial or have any tips or information please leave a comment. leave me a Comment or contact me on twitter, YouTube and also Google+. Please like the Blog and also leave a comment and give me feed back.
My daughter, in typical little kid fashion, jumped up and down again and again and again this evening while saying, "Look at me! Mom, look at me! Look what I can do! Mom, look! Watch me!" I eagerly watched to see what she'd come up with this time. I absolutely love watching the kids' impromptu shows; watching them sing, dance, or otherwise perform. This time, it was a gymnastics exhibition. My daughter put her hands down on the floor and kicked her legs up. Right into my face. Oh well, why not have both cheeks hurt? At least I can say I'm balanced. ;)
favorite book in hand,
He started talking about something else. He really is very forgiving and cuts me a lot of slack especially when he can see that the best thing to do with two exhausted people is get them into bed. I was frustrated with myself and started crying, quietly...and as soon as I started I worked hard to stop. The tiniest sniffle gave me away.
Minimize choices.
I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not. And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day. Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire. Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee.
“God himself was once as we are now, and is an exalted man…. I say, if you were to see him today, you would see him like a man in a form—like yourselves in all the person, image, and very form as a man” (.Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 1973 ed., p. 345). “The Father has a body of flesh and bones as tangible as man’s; the Son also” (D&C 130:22).
The National Mother/Grandmother has failed.
DVD SRP: US - $229.99/Canada - $234.99
Day. You'll find an array of ideas throughout this
Actor, vegan, SoyStache Interview , Ed’s World, the official website for Ed Begley Jr.
He takes a deep, deep breath and opens his eyes. Mana is a shared resource, between witch and shaman. Were he a true shaman, he’d use the mana of his own–as it should be!– but even for the light around his fingers now, he’d used witchcraft instead, mana from his surroundings. He draws on that now.
What follows are a few notes. As said before, this entry is very much incomplete and unfinished.
Shepherds are seen as honest simple plain dealing men, used to hard work, totally and selflessly devoted to their cures.
4. Vin and Kelsier are the main characters of the novel, yet there are many characters. Is there a certain character who intrigues you more than the others?
This is not Love. Actual union did not take place. The other person will be regarded about the same as a drug addict would regard the used syringe after he is done injecting.
This series is a celebration of artists I admire on their birthdays. Each collage consists of a 2 x 3 ½ inch poly bag a selection of images and details of images by the artist, a note on the artist or their quotes, and specific colored sequins. On verso is the name of the artist, title of series, edition number, and address of the blog. The artists were born on the following December days - 1st Minoru Yamasaki, 2nd Georges Seurat, 3rd Gilbert Stuart, 4th Wassily Kandsinsky, 5th Walt Disney, 6th Alfred Eisenstaedt, 7th Gian Lorenzo Bernini, 8th Aristide Maillol, 9th Roy deCarava, 10 Roger Brown, 11th Mark Tobey, 12th Edvard Munch, 15th Ray Eames, 16th Edward Ruscha, 17th Paul Cadmus, 18th Paul Klee, 20th Calvert Vaux, 21st Tommaso di Ser Giovanni di Simone, 22nd Jean-Michel Basquiat, 23rd John Marin, 24th Joseph Cornell, 25th Paul Manship, 28th Stan Lee, 29th David Alfaro Siqueiros, 30th W. Eugene Smith, and 31st Henri Matisse. Did you see one? Tell me.
Or maybe the lie wasn’t actually a lie at all, but just a joke. Jokes are meant to be funny, and we should laugh at them. Then you’re at the crossroads, one road leading you to the decision to laugh at the joke, and the other road taking you toward righteousness, and reproving of the lie.
To Mom, From Faith:
I wanted to give each of you a little something as a thank you for everything you've given me this year. Well, it didn't arrive in time for Christmas. We're all moms here, so I know you'll understand.
What do you think? Have you used a hide rug in your home or a client project?
Machines, I tell you. That's the only word I can think of to describe Joseph's parents. They made another six hour trip up the road to help us tie up some loose ends around the house.
Talking about my guild as a community of like-minded people, family, and friends was easy, since I didn’t have to figure out ways to doctor up my statements. I just had to tell the plain ol’ truth. The progress was gradual, subtle, snail-paced slow. We spent months adding people one by one. Sometimes, we went through recruitment droughts where no one even looked at our recruitment post. And that’s perfectly okay, we said. It was a matter of quality over quantity. Turns out there were quite a few people out there who were looking for a community, where raiding and everything else were just perks, extras. We had people who looked for casual raiding, and people who could care less about raiding, like Jim.
