3. Red, orange or yellow tomatoes on the vine, $1.99/lb. at Central Market (through 5/11/10)
[Update, Tuesday, 9.28am: Joe Neff's article in today's N&O is worth reading in full, if only for the sheer entertainment value. It ranges from the bizarre (the attendance of a figure who has argued that an owl(!), rather than Michael Peterson, killed Peterson's wife) to the ridiculous:
Ps. Please click the "pause " line on my paylist onthe left upper corner so you can hear the video.:)
LAURA McCAFFREY: I just burned through Bill Willingham's comic, FABLES: LEGENDS IN EXILE, and I can't wait to start the next collection in the series. The setting is Fableland, the underground home of the Fables, fairy tale characters, in New York. The Fables have been driven out of their homeland by an arch-enemy, the Adversary, and though they long to return to the lives they left, they've transformed into party girls and bureaucrats, bounders and detectives. A clever read for sophisticated teens. Another sophisticated read for teens: THE WINDUP GIRL by Paolo Bacigalupi. In this dystopia, money is measured in calories, and bio-terrorism has transformed a futuristic Thailand. Definitely for older teens and adults. It took me a bit to sort out all the factions - but once I did, I couldn't put the novel down.
Next affordable item on my wish list: felting needles and some roving.
Please check out Heather's page explaining the challenge and her Pinterest where she plans to post the results of the challenge. Quite a few of my beadie friends are planning to take the challenge so I hope to post photos of their work soon.
Alf and Mandy learn that
Another awesome feature: They have a wish list.
This information was sent to me by Dave Wooldridge from Electric Butterfly, Inc.
I cut the wreath at 2.75".
(I Thought)
Yay, Friday's here!
Sixteen year old me had her priorities all figured out.
Sure, partying and late night movie days are now something only attainable from some galaxy far, far away, but life is better with company, with family.
And that's biggest lesson I can offer you: search and research. When I walk into a luxury store, I like to know what I'm getting into.
Cut the broccoli into small bite-size pieces including the stalks and dice the onion finely. Heat a pan with a teaspoon of oil. When the oil is hot enough, add the mustard seeds and let it splutter. Then add the urad dhal and the broken red chilies and fry for a few seconds until the urad dhal turns brown. Add the diced onions and curry leaves and sauté for a few minutes until the onions turn translucent. Then add ginger-garlic paste and the broccoli and mix everything well. Add 2-3 tablespoons of water along with salt and cook closed under low flame for 5 minutes until everything is cooked and the broccoli still retains its color. Garnish with curry leaves and cilantro and serve with rice or chapathis.
We are so happy to have Pat Pearson as a special guest design team member today. Pat's card was chosen as a Top Three card a few challenges back and we invited her to be a guest dt member and we were thrilled when she accepted. Pat is a team member with me at Paper Creations Ink , and her talent can be seen there and at her own blog here. I shipped Pat the images from our digital sponsors, Glitterbabe and Doodle Pantry and she had so much fun with them, she created three cards to share with us today! Here they are:
Najib also announced a RM1 billion fund for school maintenance and repairs while outlining plans to raise the civil service retirement age to 60 years. It also made schooling free, a move costing RM150 million, and announced tax incentives for private schools, which have become an increasingly popular option for urban Malaysians.
We found some more after mbut we caught up with her. We were trying to figure out what kind of bones they were. We think a critter might of been going through the garbage and they could of been chicken bones. And that one bone I really think was a mouse. But you will never om left, know!
This is ultimately
As my father and I went to leave, I was startled when this elegant being spoke to me, "Your cape is just lovely. It’s the very height of fashion. You look so chic in it!" I left the building feeling almost like I had just had a bath; clean, transformed.
we'' have to tighten our belts
All in all it was all quite eccentric – the clothing, the masks, the entire show. We managed to get to the very front (second or third row), and that while this time using the wardrobe for the first time. The “Knust” is a cute little location that is in Hamburg, St. Pauli at the “Alter Schlachthof” – quite cool, as it is approx. 15 Minutes away – 30 if you walk. Hadn’t had a nearer concert yet.
If you were more like a prankster when you used to live, you can play one last prank on the soul who has the bad luck of stumbling upon you. All you need is some pickles, a sponge, a bucket and a rope. You'll supposedly commit suicide inside a room, therefore you take the rope, tie it to some two random objects that are far enough so the rope can be stretched, and then put a bucket full of water over the slightly opened door. It is important to note that it is a totally great idea to tie the rope just two or three metres before entering the room, thus the unfortunate soul (no, I'm not talking about you...stfu) will stumble on the rope, immediately be sent by the force of "stumble....essnes" towards the door, push the door and have the bucket full of water fall on his head. Naturally, at that moment he'll wish you a painful death and be very angry at you, that is until.....
“But we are running out of time to ensure that people in high flood risk areas can continue to get affordable flood insurance when the Statement of Principles expires in June 2013.”
One found refuge in the paradoxical form known as Haiku, which on the one hand, forces all its practioners to adhere uniformly & unfailingly, (come Hell, high water, or tentacles), to 17 syllables, whilst on the other, giving the air of minimal effort, lack of strain, and very little evidence of extended bouts of nail-biting & self-flagelation.
The Costs Looking at the Kangoo ZE, it has a forecourt price of £16,990 (excluding VAT and monthly battery hire), but after the grant it would be £13,600. The cost of the equivalent model diesel Kangoo is £12,550 – which is still just over £1,000 cheaper. So the question is whether the Kangoo ZE will save you more than £1,000 in running costs, compared to an almost like-for-like diesel model. Renault has assessed this and the figures make interesting reading.
most of the ingredients
was the last stop. Sleep, deep and dreamless,
So now I'm considering my limited options as far as my house is concerned while trying to ignore the insanity that is my ex-husband. And, of course, most importantly, trusting God to get us through this, and showing my kids every day just how much they're loved. Most days, I get up and keep on going, without any problems. I know that even the most stressful, hopeless-seeming situations are only a drop in the bucket. While in their midst, it's easy to get discouraged and give up hope. It's easy to be overcome with fear. But I know, in the end, one day, when the tough times have passed, I'll look back and see that it was just that - a small section of my life that had tough times. Nothing more.
European Union Council Directive 92/85/EEC (19 October 1992). The introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding.
This year for club, Heather is playing on a 16s Open team. The Open division had their first tournament this last Saturday. It was a long day for these girls and their parents since this was the first time for all of these girls to be playing at this level. Instead of the usual 3 matches, they played 5. We were gone from 9am until 8pm. I was exhausted and I didn't do anything really all day long except to sit in a chair. Emotional stress? Most definitely.
The associated website, www.welovethisbook.com will come out of Beta to coincide with the launch of the second issue and will have additional features, interviews, reviews and blogs including an interview with the much loved fantasy author Terry Pratchett on the publication of his 39th Discworld novel, an exclusive twitter interview with Margaret Atwood, a slot with Conn
I don't think so. While certain mainstream conservatives like to paint the Republican Party as being the one committed to "real" equal opportunity and equality, the left has, right from the start of Obama's campaign, been quick to accuse anyone opposed to Obama as racist. Even anyone opposed to any one in particular of Obama's policies, such as Obamacare, has been so labeled, the Tea Party being a notable example.
Yoshi Ambit 1:48:793
The sheer amount of amazing cards and projects submitted this week made the task of choosing this week's winners and honorable mentions a very difficult job ... the quality and caliber of work each week just keeps getting better and better!! It was simply impossible to narrow the 186 entries down to just 6 honorable mentions, 3 Terrific Top Threes and 1 winner, so this week we have 12 designs highlighted instead of the 'usual' 10! We thank you ALL for sharing your special paper crafting talents with us here in the Tea Room! And without further ado, here are the designs that caught my eye for capturing the essence of the 'Old Meets New' challenge ...
My boys will soon be returning from swimming – they’ve all become incredibly competitive and are swimming further and further each week. One thing remains the same though – they always return ravenously hungry!
A teleplay I recently watched reminded me of a plot I've seen more than once. Spoiled rich heiress, or fiance of el jefe, or similar dame, is shipwrecked and ends up on the island or in the raft with the lowly boat help. Usually the heiress is a knock out of a white girl, and the peon is a swarthy, tough, intelligent Mediterranean or some such non-whitish guy. The woman finds him sexy, of course.
As I've said in a number of previous posts, I am an avid collector of bad films, bad poetry, bad music and bad everything else. My study/studio is crammed with horrible pottery and ornaments found in charity shops. My iTunes directory is stuffed full of Mrs Miller, The Legendary Stardust Cowboy, William Hung and Florence Foster Jenkins. I even managed recently to source the music that used to play behind ceefax on the BBC. I watch awful films like The Navy versus the Night Monsters, Sharktopus, Nude Nuns with Big Guns and the deliciously named Sex Mission. I love to take part in bad poetry readings. In fact, here's me reading what I consider to be the very worst poem ever written - A Tragedy by Theophile Marzials:
Tub, tile and faucets up next. :-)
Good evening everyone, hope you have all enjoyed some of todays sunshine and wrapped up against the nip in the air. I have had a good couple of hours in the allotment, the strawberry bed is looking fantastic and full of flower so hoping for a good crop, planted some beetroot seeds, just need some warm weather now.
9.I don't like finding out things through Facebook. (The only reason I haven't deleted my page is because I have a like page on there for Hellolyndsey!)
It’s small and light (so great for travelling) and I find it sits nicely on the skin without looking cakey or chalky. After foundation and concealer, I dust a little of this around my chin and on my forehead to set my base so that spots stay hidden all day.
The radar had in fact latched on to a NATO Tornado fighter jet over the North Sea , which was engaged in a low-flying exercise over the Border district.
Especially her.
Spiritually-oriented people are experiencing very similar things in their lives lately. This Lightworker article is written for those of you who may not yet know WHY your life is transforming right now and why things appear to be so difficult. Many spiritual people are “Lightworkers.” Whether you are familiar with this term or not, if you find yourself fitting the lightworker description below, you are without a doubt a Lightworker!
A mix of both .
If you are in for another great work out I do suggest you try the Biggest Loser. That will kick your butt. Oh my! But I have to say I am no longer tired and have tons more energy and feel great!
Josmeyer Riesling Les Pierrets 2004
“Even if we vote for that faction, it is the one who sleeps in the same bed with them that will profit,” he said during his luncheon address at “Himpunan Ulama, Cendekiawan Islam dan Penulis Maya” here.
And I did it.
Are you ready for MORE Peeker Fever? You asked for them....and Susana defnitely has delivered! Today is the SURPRISE release of The Holiday Peekers by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD! Oh my word are these absolutely adorable! Without further ado....
I wish you could say you’re sorry
ADVANCED FEATURE SET
True prayer is a way of life, not an emergency detour!
The FMC crew had seen this before. Each man had a pretty good idea of what would happen next and what they needed to do to minimize the damage to their vehicles as well as potential injury or casualty.
And as always you must live well to be well ….to your personal wellness
This subtle sequence of takes, as the couple dance together on set, provides the beautiful beating heart of the whole picture. In that wonderfully evocative moment when the couple laugh - delighted with each other as they destroy yet another take - we see not only the essence of George's decline (for Peppy's verve and spontaneity will very soon outshine George), but also his redemption. Like us, Peppy is captivated not just by George's star qualities, his charm and panache (and his very clever little dog) but also by his humanity. George is generous and loveable and a genuine artist, even if he's too proud and set in his ways to realise that his art must adapt, or it will die.
Anyway...... she seemed to sense that the flowers were from Denise and her other chickens and she had to go and have a look and sniff them!
Stop the wars!
Žižek also talked about fundamentalism in relation to global capitalism. He said literally "fuck this stupid pop-sociological claim that new fundamentalism is an answer from the ordinary people to post-modern freedoms." Giving a personal example he observed, Žižek concluded that fundamentalists belong to this or that extreme ideology to practice the freedoms they want- paradoxical freedoms.
Boyfriend: "They have a point, you know."
Both shall go down to hell, even though it may take the Last Day to send them there; and I hope it will not be long.
10. More Greenshoots looks at the role of State Capitalism in bailing out the bosses. At the end of the 19th Century when the German Government was doing something similar Engels wrote to Bebel saying they were doing it with workers money collected in taxes, and argued for the workers to set up Co-operatives, and the same kind of support.
Air Purifier Review – Redux
Tips: If you plan to use black and white rice, cook and wrap the white rice first. Otherwise everything will turn into a dark sticky mess. Also, you can mix the black and white rice, and it will all turn black. This is a little more cost effective as black sweet rice is more expensive. There is no taste difference between the black and white rice. Also, reserve all liquids including the mushroom soaking liquids.
During the design process, Hudson was bought out by a third party leading to a slight change in strategy. In particular, Hudson then sought to produce products of essentially the same design as those previously put forward, but this time without pockets. Although these were supposed to be marketed as off-field clothing, it was quite possible that they might end up being sold to football teams and used as team kit, thus potentially infringing Dick's exclusive licence for on-field wear. However, Hudson took the commercial view that its business and Dick's business were sufficiently different that Dick's would not be harmed by such a move. This was authorized orally by Miss Jackson, but, as before, no formal written approval was given. Shortly after this event, the licence agreement between Umbro and Hudson was signed.
Mostly because I don't feel like I have a place I can vent about this without pissing someone else off. I would love to vent about this with my fertility group friends but apparently the ones left who are not pregnant yet are tired of hearing from those of us who're pregnant about our troubles because it reminds them that they're not pregnant yet. And I can't vent about it in regular formats like Facebook or whatever because quite frankly that's where some of this need to vent is coming from and besides that, when I vent about anything on FB I get ugly messages from my husband's sisters accusing me of not being thankful for what I have, etc. Nevermind that my husband and I have problems frequently because he doesn't know how to or refuses to talk about ANY issue that comes up. My parents see this as this huge major issue that **they** have to fix (last I checked, I'm the one married to the jerk). Stupid me thought that having my mother here while I'm due to give birth "any day" would be a smart idea because you never know when you're going to go into labor and I didn't want to be waiting around on my husband to make the 2 hr round trip to come out here to get me and then get us back on post in time to actually make it into labor and delivery prior to my son's arrival...you know, assuming that he's somewhere on post with cell reception and gets my phone call in a timely matter.
So I'll take a detour from all the hard parts for just a minute and just write about the day.
What must we do for at least one hour before receiving Holy Communion? (Fast)
NAMA MAY NEED A LITTLE ENCOURAGEMENT
The report is only the latest blow to the SABC’s embattled board.
Then and then and then and then
6 Tbs. grated pecorino
Actress, vegan, Joanne Rose Online Portfolio. SoyStache interview
::: Very fine wide stereo audience tape.
In 1980, the four of them penned their first effort Elvis: We Love You Tender.
I went over to the dock-like area to talk to Mrs. Murphy and I think that her manager or someone stopped me to talk to for a moment, but that is all that I can remember.
Mod Podge Matt & Glossy
full of mediocrity and endless bother.
Firstly the monocoques design and manufacture is covered, with images of the tubs moulds being laid up and CAD images of the RB4 (2008) chassis and its fuel tank location. Although little is made of the fuel tank design.
The Final 4 artists are: Chris Mann, Tony Lucca, Juliet Simms and Jermaine Paul.
Echo & The Bunnymen Killing moon UK
Today's most recent wonderful thing comes courtesy of miss Jessie Rogers.
You know how when you accidentally trip you glance around to see who saw you fall?
In making last week's invitations I was able to define my color scheme for the event. The color photos of the Titanic show that she was black, white, and gold, with red under the water line. I used black, white and gold on the invitations and decided to carry the same colors through to my other crafts and decor.
Chill SS and racist protectors – it’s figurative. Though why is it black folks forget barry is just as much European as her is African and that he is a descendant of slave owners?
Here are the instructions for you, in case you want to make one for yourself. Total time=2 hours. Great to make while watching a movie.
6. LEARN/DO SOMETHING NEW — I had never made a video before in my LIFE nor had I ever uploaded one to youtube. For a couple of my projects I did do videos and it might have taken me forever to figure it out, but that’s just another skill I can have under my belt. And ya know what, they turned out really awesome.
Even as a tourist, it’s easy to feel the rhythm of this unique marketplace where you can feel, taste, touch and smell the essence of a Mexican pueblo. There is a palpable richness in the air and an abundance of resonant energy- it’s everywhere you look, in the frijoles, the maiz, hierbas and frutas. A diversity of dried chiles line the racks, reflecting the unique flavors of Mexican cuisine- chile de arbol, pasilla, chipotle, guajillo, ancho, morita, and California.
Keep in mind: keywords are a crucial component of online marketing. If you use them in your website copy, you’ll improve your rankings on Google, Yahoo, MSN Bing, and other search engines. If you ignore them, your site and your business could be lost in space.
Combined Box
It is very comforting to know that our physical vehicle is guided by our “all knowing” SOUL. Trust=Understanding… listening to our soul is what we are here to learn in life. The importance of our Mind/Heart connection has never been so recognized and appreciated by me. I realize how crucial this is to our existence.
Sounds like a whole lot of corporate greenwashing, right? But as Dean Jutilla of uShip tells me, the company didn’t start out green…it just wound up that way. “There are a lot of empty trailers out there going to and from one location to the next,” Dean told me. “If we could find a way to fill up those empty trailers on their way back from another delivery, it could create a lot of extra business at a discount rate.”
Although exceptionally hardy, olive trees do need to be tended carefully for years before they bear fruit. However, once they become mature and begin to produce olives, the tree will be fruitful for years and years. Therefore an adult tree would be impressive, strong and productive. Jeremiah 11:16 “The LORD called you a thriving olive tree with fruit beautiful in form.” The olive tree is utilized throughout the Word of God to indicate the blessing and favor of God. Those who operate within the Lord’s plans and are pleasing to Him are lauded. Hosea 14:6 “His splendor will be like an olive tree, his fragrance like a cedar of Lebanon.”
There was only one thing about this book that slightly felt off to me and that's because it was built-up so much throughout the story that when it comes out in the story I felt cheated. From the start of the story everyone alludes to something in Lilah's past that made her give up her dreams and come back to her hometown. Eventually you will learn what happened and it is something bad, but there was almost too much build up for how Lilah calmly explains it to Brady. She almost shrugs it off and that bothered me for something that made such an impact on her life. Others might not feel as put out by this as I was, so I wouldn't overlook this book because of it. In fact, you might see her shrugging off her past as oart of her emotional development, but it just didn't strike it that way to me.
As you can see from the little bumps on the surface of the powder, this isn’t the most velvety smooth powder there is, but what’s most impressive is that it really lives up to its name. I have oily skin, especially around my T-zone, and this baby keeps my face looking matte for the better part of the day!! I don’t feel my T-zone oily up till later in the afternoon, which is usually an amazing 7-8 hours after I applied my makeup in the morning!!
An article really caught my attention today. Brandy had an eating disorder?! OMG I idolized her growing up and had no idea!! Judging by what I read a lot of people had no idea. Everyone thought she had the perfect life but she said she was miserable. It’s so sad, no matter what you have in life, your status or size or age or wealth, it just doesn’t matter. I then clicked on the link and knew some of the names of stars that have battled bulimia but some shocked me. Heres the list: Candace Cameron, Snooki, Wynona Judd, Demi Lovato, Jamie Lynn Siegler, Bethany Frankel, Thandie Newton, Justine Bateman, Kelly Clarkson, Stephanie Pratt, Lilly Allen, Portia De Rossi and Gerri Halliwell. Some of them are fully recovered and some still struggle. The one that touched me the most was Sharon Osbourne. She made a quote saying “I’m a conqueror. I conquered breast cancer! Yet the one thing in my life I can’t seem to over come is my battle with bulimia.”. That made me wanna cry. Shes such an amazing woman and to think of her having such a hard time with food and shoving her head down a toilet all the time. It sucks!
No riding today, the weather's dreary and I think I'm coming down with something.
1 earned
We get Sundays off on the A-Z Challenge, but since I try to post every day, I'll bring you a Modern Fairy Tale from Saturday.
Stubbornness, narrow-mindedness, jealousy, envy, and stinginess can be the shadow side of your character.
I used a piece of Not Quite Navy cs 4 1/4 X 11.
We treated ourselves to ice-cream which I believe I tolerated okay.
So remember back when I told y'all about my whole "rocks in my head" episode, and mentioned that they'd found a "nodule" in/on my thyroid? (Note: "Nodule" is now one of my most unfavorite words. Right up there with "moist", "nipple" and "bulbous".) Well the ultrasound showed that I had not one, but four n-words in my thyroid, and one of them is "dense" and rather large (about an inch). So next week, I'll have a biopsy on the biggest of the n-words and see if it's malignant and needs to be yanked out (along with its smaller n-word buddies), or if it's benign and can sort of hang out and be monitored for growth. Maybe, if I'm lucky, I'll end up with a world class goiter on my neck. How sexxxy would THAT be?
that is very healthy for the heart. They actually have the
1. I have a slight case of road rage! Especially with people who don’t use their turning signal, or think that a stop sign means “move thru slowly without actually coming to a stop”, or when driving on the freeway people act like they’re in a parade instead of a freeway!
Good Luck and as always,
This giveaway is open to readers in the US only. (Sorry! I will have another International giveaway soon.)
“You did – you came to her funeral!” she answered.
Such developments tend to be bullish for the dollar and generally bad for gold, but they are also not preordained.
people were just bouncing off them and being rebounded into the melee like it was no skin off their noses.
Before the Academy Awards I heard a lot of doomsaying from critics about the tedium of Best Picture nominees. “The form is dying!” someone is always bound to say at moments like this, because declaring the premature death of a genre is a way to get a lot of hits on a webpage. This post is all about fresh, innovative films I can’t stop thinking about.
According to DellArte Press, royalties are 20% on the net price (after discounts to retailers). Here is an example from their site.
Today's mood board was created for my best friend Amber. Amber is in the process of converting her guestroom into a playroom for her two sons, Rocklyn and Ryder and came to me for some advice on how to create a room that would serve multiple functions including creating, playing and learning.
I may talk about a lot of things in my notes/podcast as far as the exploration of the game element, matrix, what's real or fake, contrived imagery, simulation, blurring of events, etc. But no matter what parts of the science, technology or mythology I'd address I was always sure to address the metaphor and my take on their journey to enlightenment. Who knows why this is a layer of the story I always gravitated to, maybe it's because coincidentally have been trying to put the pieces of my broken self back together and it's one hell of a process.
tactics and doctrine. Long range UHF early warning radar data could fill a gap in regional space surveillance. The Taiwanese Navy has a firm grasp of the unique undersea geography and hydrological environment of the Western Pacific Ocean. In the cyber domain, the Defense Department may tap the expertise on Taiwan, the earliest and most intense target of Chinese computer network operations. Taiwan’s geographic position and willingness to contribute to a regional common operational picture, including maritime domain awareness, air surveillance, and space surveillance and tracking, could be of significant value for both disaster response and military purposes.
In most relationships, much of the difficulty stems from lacking ability or willingness to understand and accept the other person as is, unconditionally. Approaching another person with hopes, fears or expectations which most people tend to do much of the time - equals inviting complications, pain and dissatisfaction into the relationship.
Thus, the first commandment is referring to the Father. It is the Father who is talking in the first commandment, not all three members of the Godhead.
Pack 7: Adrian Peterson, Kevin Kolb, Jonathan Dwyer RC, Michael Turner
A big sister comforting, trying to hold onto her own sadness.
After my last editing session became:
And what treats there were. Ale Star Czar, Shandy (and was there ever an opportunity to take the piss out of his nickname!?) explained that while Beer Cocktails as such are a relatively modern phenomenon, the practice of blending beers is centuries old. Whether to ensure consistency, to correct an unbalanced brew or simply to create different brands from a single batch, brewers have sought to mix and match beers.
Developers could choose to either steer around such lands, or get a permit that would also require a mitigation plan, such as acquiring other suitable habitat elsewhere for conservation purposes.
Bonfire Rauchbier
as we pass – that is where Joe
Porter Cable 690LVRS Router – At the Cutting Edge
Ever since that rooster came in our yard.
What are you doing to stay sane these days? You don’t know? Instead, you ask what am I (!) doing to stay sane through these challenging times, Mr. Dream Job Guy? Fair enough….touche.
ZQOJC Blog (zqojcblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
cashmere scarf giveaway
If you believe that you must work hard in order to deserve the money that comes to you, then money cannot come to you unless you do work hard. Financial success, or any other kind of success, does not require hard work. It does require alignment of thought. You simply cannot offer negative thought about things that you desire and then make up for it with action or hard work. When you learn to direct your own thoughts, you will discover the true leverage of Energy alignment.
There was no point in walking on; there was no where in the world left to go. The road led to nowhere. Back then, the world led to somewhere. People were always rushing to go somewhere, it didn’t really matter, they just needed to go. It was always crowded, always busy.
Metro leads the pack with its Sunday edition topping the table and its weekday edition at (3). Rival Malay tabloid Kosmo! places (10) for Sunday edition and (11) for weekday edition.
Different opinions do not have to equal war.
16. Do you have a “cheat” day?
Thanks for setting the challenge Sarah. It's been fun :-)
I'd chosen the chocolate option, a glamorous cocoa-dusted orb garnished with crinkled sheets of gold leaf. It's hard to detect the cumin in the salted caramel inside, and the crumble of chocolate and honeycomb starts to become a little sweet after a while.
When Cass stumbles upon a murdered woman—practically in her own backyard—she’s drawn into a dangerous world of courtesans, killers, and secret societies. Soon, she finds herself falling for Falco, a mysterious artist with a mischievous grin... and a spectacular skill for trouble. Can Cassandra find the murderer, before he finds her? And will she stay true to her fiancé, or succumb to her uncontrollable feelings for Falco?
The Santa Cruz Half-Marathon must be a picturesque course on good days. It starts by the Beach Boardwalk, heads out along the Pacific Coastline, traversing along roads and trails on high cliffs above the ocean. But these great vantage points also leave you exposed when a storm rolls in from the ocean. So when a late spring storm crept across the Santa Cruz coastline the same morning as the race, gusty winds and rain was thrown into the half-marathon mix.
+Survival Mode
Aguer said on Saturday militiamen allied to the Sudanese army had defected after they were ordered to attack an oilfield in the Upper Nile state.
The secondary plan provides for the possibility of “bonusing” in areas of the downtown where eight-, 10- and 12-storey buildings are to be allowed. Up to two extra storeys would be allowed for such buildings in exchange for some sort of “contribution to the public good,” said Ian Panabaker, the city’s corporate manager for downtown renewal.
The beautiful style that has done honour to me.
The fabric is from Thimbles and Thread in Draper. This was my first trip to this quilt shop, it certainly won't be the last. The ladies were very helpful and the selection wonderful. I love those 30's prints on the right, it was hard to narrow it down to a few.
Friday, September 28th–I watched “December Boys.”
Woman’s Night Out @ the Ivy Tech John Waldron Arts Center
The staff was outstanding. We loved our dinner wait staff!
"NO!"
An Opening prayer in the style of Centering Prayer was done where everyone was encouraged to “listen” in silence. The intent was to tune in to the roles we play in our families and how we can be transformed beyond those roles.
The provision of the AOK card and associated services further strengthens Gemalto’s position in the healthcare sector, with eHealthcare projects in eleven nationwide programs including Algeria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bulgaria, Finland, France, Gabon, Mexico and Slovenia.
“You are an aberration,” he whispers. “You have broken entry into this house and village to make a mockery of those I swore to protect.”
When I was asked what I do for myself, what immediately came to mind was exercise, spending time with my family, and being outdoors. What my doctor pointed out though, is that all of those things are done with Sophie. Sure, they are benefiting me (and her too), but it still involves her, and therefore, is somewhat consumed with her.
In case you’re looking at the title of this episode and wondering just what a “broath” is, never fear. That’s quickly answered as the episode opens with Barney swearing Ted to secrecy over the truth of Quinn’s profession.
down your throat. Presto! The blockage will instantly remove itself.
4. Washington Redskins
The snowmen with carrot noses posed a problem since he deemed them broken. He wouldn't let them near the rest of the stuffed moose, snowman, or santas.
Another week went by, and before we knew it we were on a special bus being driven to a remote runway at the SFO Airport. A plethora of media, snipers, and Secret Service were waiting patiently as Air Force One was en route. We were actually going to meet the President of the United States in person. Wow.
flight twenty four seven
This device works and it works quite perfectly.
Truth is, my boyfriend is away on a fishing trip this week so I didn't have any time to craft last week with all the preparations for him going, but this week I'm having a good old craft while he's away (around work of course!!) The main mess is from a chipboard book / album I have started, this is not in view as I have cleared it away to do a card for my friend, I have only got as far as covering the pages but that in itself made quite a mess! I have also been doing a christening card also requested by a friend, which you can see over to the left, not the style I would usually create for a christening, but the request was purple, silver and no frills! and this is for a girl! so this is what I came up with, I still think it's quite pretty and I'm actually pleased with how it turned out in the end. Centre of my desk is the card I have just started for my friend to give to her son on his 13th birthday, he's a Man City fan hence the pale blue theme, it looks a bit wishy washy at the moment, but I've got lots to add on yet. In the end it will be an easel card. Don't worry... all of those letters aren't stuck on yet, I know they're wonky :o) I was just having a quick check to see if they would all fit in :o) I have made a start on Xmas cards too I promise, but again these have been cleared off my desk for now but I really really need to get on with them now, the clock is ticking!!!
200g fresh blueberries
The other issue was that the dough did not seem to have the resilience it should have had and was not stretchy and soft and tended to crack, resulting in a surface that kind of looks like the drought hit areas of the earth.
or what can be as a new day rises gently out of the ocean.
Cattle were sent to market in Elgin at the auction house. Some of the milk was used for butter. Using the farm’s churn the butter was made into butter pats collected and sold.
“I do not,” Micha argued. “I told you I’m more comfortable dressing this way.”
In response to the deaths of young people who have died as a results of persistent cyber-bullying, Vicki Abadesco and her team at Soul Shoppe are on a mission to create a bully-free world and that means standing for safe, happy and loving elementary schools for all students.
In studio situations, chairs are adjusted to make everyone the same height.
Combine the crushed pretzels and sugar, then stir in the melted butter. Press crumb mixture onto the bottom and sides of a 10 inch pie plate. Cover and chill. Beat together the peanut butter, cream cheese and powdered sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed. Fold in the Cool-Whip. Spoon 1/2 cup of Strawberry Pie Filling over the crust. Spread the Peanut Butter Mixture carefully over the pie filling. Top with the remaining Strawberry Pie Filling. Cover and chill 2 hours before serving. (Mom says she sprayed Saran wrap with Pam spray to cover it, so it wouldn't stick.)
There were no more signs of the mouse the next day, neither inside nor outside.
Kale - Lacinato - I think we'll plant the kale as a late crop and see how it does.
Some people love white walls.
Here’s a bit more from Wolf:
Thanks again, ReaderKidZ and Chronicle!
One about friendship. And one that will be a video of me showing you a play by play on how to make this gorgeous wreath for fall time.
The movies which I plan on choosing are movies that have impacted my life in such a way that I can actually quote the entire movie!
But one thing we got wind of that wasn’t bullshit was that our future husbands were going to be filming the video for their song “Shadrach” at The Country Club in Reseda, and they needed people to come because it was going to be a concert video. Raina and I were all over that action. We planned for days what we were going to wear, deciding that we were going to dress nicely, so we wouldn’t be mistaken for the dumb sluts that let the Beastie Boys pour honey all over them backstage, like in the Licensed to Ill video. They had matured since then, too, so they wouldn’t be interested in the same lame girls. We would show them that we were TRUE fans and had class, and the new mustard colored middy shirt I got on Melrose and my black skirt would be perfect.
I started the night with a stein of my homebrewed Belgian White Ale. My wife turned up the temperature on my kegerator from 38F to 42F. She said the beer was too cold. I figured I would let it slide and see if anything changed with the beer. My Belgian tasted a LOT better at the slightly warmer. I got more of the orange peel and coriander out of it. It was not just a yeast tea, which is what it seemed like before.
I walked around the block this morning, as is often my habit. The day was fresh and the air cool and life-giving. The yellow light of the early morning illuminated the autumn leaves lying on the grass.
Frozen Vegetable mix (carrot, corn & green beans), ½ cup
In the Greek, there is no verb saying “he is a“, nor does that phrase kainē ktisis ever mean “new creature”–it’s always “new creation”.
The latest news is that she texted my dad tonight and said "daddy I'm desperate, I need to get out of here". She wants to come here! Uhhh no. Apparently she has some court date but is willing to miss that "just to come home". Well her "home" isn't here anymore. Not because she left us and didn't contact us for years after my mom died, but because she is a person I don't want in my life, sister or not. This isn't only just about me, its about my kids, Dirty, AND my dad. I am SO sick of her using my dad for her benefit. She treated him like shit when he never did anything wrong. He never treated her differently. He didn't treat her like she wasn't his blood, he accepted her. Even when she stole from his dying wife. He still treated her like he would me or my Lil Sis.
“Adversity is a fact of life. It can’t be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.”
Rhulic 1
Two days ago, still on orientation on a busy floor, I had a patient who had come in after Very Bad Things had happened to his esophagus. He was two weeks or so PAST the Very Bad Thing, but he was still "a little out of it" and his cough sounded...funky. It was my first day of two with this patient, and I was reassured on day one that his coughing was related to the Very Bad Thing he had come in for. His diet was ordered as Full Liquids, so when his wife asked for a milkshake in the afternoon, I went and made one (i am fully in favor of making food for patients. They get calories, I get brownie points.)
Ink: Black Onyx (Versafine)
As Maqil moves from global city to global city, always slightly ahead of his creditors, his new identities are as much about finding a place he can belong as they are about covering his tracks. The London section, which is more or less the middle third, when Maqil is with his second wife Samira and their children, is the most successful because the pace slows down enough for the reader to spend some time with Maqil rather than breathlessly following him. His early life rushes by rather too quickly, and the later part, with wife number three, is again dealt with rather summarily. This reflects Maqil’s own preoccupation, since he is still in love with Samira, but it is not the best tactic in structural terms–the whistlestop tour is never quite satisfactory. By the end of the novel (back writing the letter in the French hotel room) has not quite managed to charm me (or indeed most of his family).
As Southerners, we do tend to have a flair for the dramatic. Many acclaimed actors and actresses, playwrights and other creatives hail from the South. Not one to be left out, Downtown Greenville boasts a wonderful theatre community that strives to keep this tradition alive.
Who got her cable and internet turned off, leaving her with only power and her Bible for a few months? This sister.
“You’ve never mentioned that before.”
4. Bonus! (I’m much greedier than baby Jesus, lol) What can we expect from the next Merry Widow…Give us 3 hints…
Spesch Designer Stamps -Birthday Boy Unwrapped Polymer Stamp
When the giant came home to find the goats gone, he was very upset. He made himself a cup of tea, but it did not make him feel better, and burnt his tongue, which made him feel worse. He drank some whisky, which did make him feel better. So he drank more, and more, and more, and ate some villagers in a drunken rage, then went to sleep.
Catalog#: 6.26225-02
*The new owners are in Canada, but have been to the hotel a few times, prior to and after buying it.
You read that right. Pork intestines, also known as chitterlings, aren’t just a triumph of nose-to-tail eating, but a prized delicacy eaten all around the world. After the intestines are thoroughly cleaned and dried, Cambodians slice and deep-fry them until they’re all kinds of crispy deliciousness.
But a girl can only eat so many doughnuts. That's why I was thrilled to see Kathy Chan's Guide to the Best Doughnuts in New York, in which she enlisted a second gullet to devour and rate a crazy number of options throughout the burroughs.
- Nutri-grain bars 295 g $2.00 each (Kellogg’s)
Kay Carberry
In the past few days there have been 20000 page views to this blog! And hundreds of blog comments!
Myspace page defines the separate's personality and trait as well the preferences and choices. Oftentimes, it is said that the web attender in the Myspace reflects the coverall personality and identity of the mortal. Thence, it is cardinal that the web diplomatist is recovered fashioned containing all the wanted features. The most consequential pic in the web diplomatist is the interference of Myspace. It could feature ae of add on specialties specified as the images of the somebody and his families and friends. Nevertheless, to bod the diplomat, the emphasise is distinguished. The aspect can be someone could use the tools on the Inte. Try the touristed see engines specified as Yahoo! and Google to read the tools. The archetypal and best requirement of a myspace tender is the scene that gift mold the control. For happening, once the accentuate is distinct, features and kind schemes can be brought on them using the tools. The downplay can be accessed from the Inte. The scene can be wanted formerce of a formal fee or for atrip by downloading them from the Cyberspace sites sacred to the reason soul can opt for teemingness of accentuate options that can be exchanged near on a daily cornerstone. Nheless, regular changes to the information of the myspace relationship diplomatist meanspirited want of uniformity. If there has to be decent traffic to theputer of the myspace, then the ground should be homogeneous for it to drive those hunting accord and multiethnic lifespan friends. The vista can be downloaded from varied sites for aweigh. The viewes with varied themes and distort flag to which much colours can be intercalary by the users. The scene apologisebination can be bespoken by the someone without altering the part of the myspace relationship. For example, if the scene is conscionable downhearted, a figure of flag andbinations can be worked with the immoral as the dispirited. New adornbinations can also be experimented. The tools requisite to Conscionable persevere the instructions provided by theputer to variety the adjustments of the noise. The manual are underlying and can be followed by all fundamental noesis acquired persons. If you poverty to download square backgrounds, there are secern sites for them.
Open space—better than nothing?
“Each of us producing our own beer highlights the human element of the brewing process,” Flying Dog Brewmaster Matt Brophy said. “Even with the same ingredients, the hands that craft it are hugely influential in the end product.”
When an employee’s performance falls short, start by asking yourself whether you have been clear about your expectations and provided adequate training. Do your part to set the person up to succeed, and then it is the employee’s responsibility to follow through.
The Committee, which will have Chief Secretary and state DGP as members, is supposed to become operational “within an hour” of the release of Menon, according to the agreement.
Most of the time, though, my Mom and Dad walked with me the several blocks to the drug store to see what new comic books or science fiction magazines were out. Sometimes if I looked carefully at the rack of paperback books (for 50 cents) there would be – shudder – a horror paperback with Alfred Hitchcock’s or Boris Karloff’s picture on it.
Negative Mass Saucer, Samij Datta, 2012
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease two 9-inch pans and line bottoms with parchment paper. Or, line a standard cupcake pan, with cupcake liners. Whisk together eggs, heavy cream, sour cream and vanilla. Remove 1 cup of this mixture and set aside.
Let the anthems of Your praises ring!
And so Cupid was able to reach to Jupiter and plead his case that he and Psyche should be allowed to marry. Jupiter being the less sex crazed/deviant/rapist than his Greek counterpart ordered a formal (Well for the Greek gods that is) council of the other Olympians to decide Psyche and Cupid's fate.
With a traditional gratuitous swipe at Sara Palin (Ha Ha), he reminds us that grizzly bears protect their young without firearms.
Small businesses tend to operate on a small budget – owners try to create their products, run their office, set up websites, and do all the marketing and advertising. It’s usually a case of “me, myself and I”. But trying to get to grips with blogs, websites, Twitter, Facebook as well as networking within the local community can all be a bit daunting. That’s where we would like to come in and help.
Given how overworked the General Court is in relation to trade mark matters it is perhaps unsurprising that it used this case to send a signal that it will not rehear issues that have already been lost before earlier Boards of Appeal, where those defeats were not themselves appealed.
Second day of Fashion Week and we didn’t really have a plan set out as to what shows we were going to go see, come to think of it we don’t even have a plan for the rest of the week. Talulah was the longest show so far which meant my arms were pretty much about to drop off by the end of it. Even with my monopod, holding your arms up to the camera and what not is hard work, gotta think of the positives…c’mon sculpted biceps. Good to see some wardrobe malfunctions too, which makes it two out of two days. Talulah featured Gary Pepper Vintage model Nicole Warne, who was the first model to start the show and looked awesome as usual. Happy to see and meet so many other bloggers and people who are are enjoying them selves at fashion week.
The market opened higher on a European rally and traded up to SPX 1387. Then pulled back into the close to 1378. While the rally from yesterday’s SPX 1370 low was quite good we see no reason to change the short term wave count, as posted yesterday. Complete details in the weekend report. Best to you and yours!
To search its every hold.
It was the silence that concerned him the most.
case study C: 1. ”5’11 2. wears fleeces 3. has blue eyes 4. brought a reuben sandwich to share with me an exchange for a cigarette and my shower after work 5. tried to get me to go with him to the the Tudor Arms Gardens but I said I’d been there before 6. is Jewish 7. was a filmographer in San Francisco 8.gave me a ticket he was comped, to see the German film, “World on a Wire” 9.got me a position with the film festival 10. corrected me when I asked how to screw Roman Shades into a cement wall 11. talks during Open Mic readings
to be inspired .
Lord Howell added: “A merger of the two presidencies would create a potential conflict of interest, undermine the quality of the EU’s decision-making processes and upset the institutional balance within the EU.” Lord Stoddart said: “These sorts of informal discussions within the EU have a habit of rapidly being transferred into formal proposals.
www.sangivane.com
He knew that he was going to be watched. There was no way that the Empire was just going to let him and his companions go without keeping some kind of an eye on them. After all, they wouldn’t want a new organization to sprout up that followed in the Nether’s footsteps. And since founding such an organization was exactly his goal, things were going to be a little difficult.
Anyway, this program must have been carried out successfully. Although I saw no public announcement about the "trap them and ship them" campaign, almost overnight peafowl disappeared. Only a few remain like this lonely peacock I spotted the other day:
As you feel in your
of the smallest of their deeds
Mrs Tiddywinkle sits is from my own stock of ready cut dies brought before
Why did you say no?
Many such exhibition books suffer from the transfer. As an extreme example, last year's lustrous, blockbuster Alexander McQueen exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art was rendered into a diminutive curio with its accompanying companion book. 'The Greatest Grid' suffers no such problem, especially to those of us who find tinted topographical maps and black-and-white images of old New York as scintillating as haute couture.
charity thing and I'd wanted to work with him."
Timed to drop the day after President Obama’s announced embrace of same-sex marriage, the story set the political world atwitter. But earlier today, Breitbart News reported that the Post had inflated witness testimony. The original Washington Post piece stated the following:
This is the second time in about two weeks that someone has emailed me their i live here:SF story to me and I've read it on my iPhone, crying, in a public place. The other person was Mike. I'm so touched how beautiful (and beautifully written) some of these stories are, and then so blown away by what people want to share with me, and you, by proxy.
Grand Lake Wooley Booger Brown Ale: A mild bodied beer that is dark in color, while at the same time full of flavor. A wonderfully drinkable beer, with slight toffee, nutty and caramel flavors. Let the honey like malt flavor lure you in.
Police spokesperson Mirna von Benecke said Deborah had wanted to lock a door outside when she was attacked at her kitchen door.
Women of this Town for whose
Those with cystic fibrosis have two non-working mutated copies of the CF gene, one from each parent. There are over a thousand possible mutations but the most common, present in about 70% of cystic fibrosis patients, is Delta 508. This upsets the chemical balance that is needed to clear mucus from the lungs, creating 'a thick, sticky mucus layer that cannot be removed by cilia and traps bacteria, resulting in chronic infections.' The average life expectancy of people with cystic fibrosis is around 37 and around 95% of men with CF are sterile.
No one is listening until you fart. ~Author Unknown
A couple weeks prior to today, I have having a debate with my friend Stephanie Hatem through the good and faithful intercessor Caleb Newell (Priority & Default), as they were both talking on Skype and I was not included. We debated how much of I nerd I am, and she was arguing that I was not a nerd.
Drs. Buckman and Ling worked closely with Sandison in the Potwick unit. In 1963, Buckman and Ling wrote in a publication, describing “good examples” of the use of LSD in psycholytic psychotherapy: “The patients’ experiences under LSD have not supported Marx’s dictum that Religion is the opium of the people but rather that there is a deep basic belief in a Supreme Being, whether the religion background be Christian, Jewish or Hindu.”
Christmas? My favorite holiday that I over-decorated our apartment for and spent way too much money in preparation for and got so, so excited to go home for the holidays in anticipation of?
and 1 Senior/Parent college night.
So, THANK YOU for all your amazing support over the past few months. I can't even put into words how awesome I feel right now because of it.
Hope you had a lovely weekend!
Fatalii 0/2
Today is a day of celebration and renewed enthusiasm as I start afresh, looking to pick up where I left off many moons ago right here on this very page.
This is about how much butter he added to each sauce…
I’m very encouraged to see the nigerian youth are concerned about what is going on in that country. This is what we need. We need more active people and less passive people. We need people to start doing something and stop wishing something changed. I believe with all my heart that God wants to start a revival amongst the youth in Nigeria; this is just the start of it. I believe there is going to be a spiritual awakening that the forces of darkness will not be able to prevail against, because the Spirit of God will be working with and in the youth.
Celebrity Fitness Trainer To Lead Charity Run
mouth or swing. (Fight stories always sound way cooler than a black eye feels).
‘Not moving’Police said the unprovoked attack happened after the gang goaded Mr Stringer-Prince and his friend Kavan Brown as they passed a takeaway.
Martin came to my show every single Wednesday when he was in town. I believe he was flying the New York route regularly from somewhere to NY. We were young then and I think Martin was around 22 years old. If I can be so bold, I also think Martin was maybe gay, but perhaps not out at the time. If he wasn’t, my apologies. When I say such a thing, it only means that you are extra special in my eyes. All I know, in truth, is that Martin loved my show and that I loved him back. I mean he beamed when he was at my show. He was such a warm and loving person and just about the best audience member you could ever meet. I don’t mean to speak of Martin, as if he were dead. I don’t believe he is, since he should be a bit younger than me right now. I’m speaking of him in the past tense because we have lost touch with each other, but I have NOT forgotten him. Here’s the thing you need to know about Martin, he made my show better. Just by being there, he made it better. When you sit in an audience, some people do so passively, but Martin never did. He was fully present and alive during my show. I noticed it and I appreciate it to this day.
1 T thyme
The Ericsson deal builds on this strategy since Sony can now employ its cloud technology and bring its gaming and entertainment holdings onto its handsets without working out deals with Ericsson.
SF) Which is the most "artistically friendly" city you have visited? / La città più "artisticamente amichevole" che hai visitato?
Big year! Big, BIG year!
“You know it is wrong
Once the felt is in place, use the Mod Podge to cover the rectangle in glitter. I had to do about 3 layers. I also put a little bit of glitter on the triangle felt pieces, but not quite as much. Let that dry and you have a cute headband that can be enjoyed by citizens of Panem and others alike.
We stand in awe not just because of what we see, but because of what we know… We know that when Jesus was raised from the dead it was a signal of the end of death-as-the-end. Never again will death have the last word. When Jesus died, he took sin down with him, but alive he brings God down to us” (Rom. 6:5–9 MSG).
According to the Crimes Act 1900:
You should know that the tea (leftover tea can also be used) leaves no after taste. Its sole purpose is to impart color. So, if you want, you can choose not to use tea water and just add plain water instead.
Of the more than 135 comments none sided with him. Even his fellow apple fanboys criticised him for his lack of ethical journalistic skills.
% cd ~/unixstuff
Reasons for Denial
The "12 Greatest Super-Heroines Ever" pieces, which will run on an occasional basis for a while, will of course include a significant number of super-women for whom domestic life would be as unwelcome as it'd be entirely inappropriate.
I did list some new goodies though too, of course:
Or even more amazing, insist that I know better than The Creator?
Imagine the impact a positive mindset can have during the training event. The outcome can be significant. This permits an organization to better leverage its training investment – and ultimately the individual benefits from increased likelihood of personal success.
This same insidious nature can be found in misandry. If men are not expected to do or be better, why should they bother? You say men make tons o mistakes, as if making mistakes are solely the domain of men or men are best at that. Studies on cheating, which is what the original CNN article is about, show that women cheat as often as men since the sexual revolution and since women became more economically independent. Surely we shouldn’t start calling women out for the same things men get called out for, right? Double standards are no more justified than unfair standards some men place on women, right?
Sometimes we know what gifts and skills are required for success in a particular job, but we do a poor job evaluating the giftedness of the person we place in that position. Maybe we know a particular job needs someone who is detail-oriented, but we fail to recognize that the person we’re putting in that position breaks out in hives when overwhelmed with details.
I still maintain that her argument as quoted in the chat above boils down to an assertion that anything that you have spent money on, you value more than all the things you haven't spent money on. And it was the argument that was used, again and again, to raise money for RAINN. I think raising money for rape crisis centers is great. But that doesn't mean I think every single thing that's said in support of the fundraising is correct. I still believe that what she said about the fact that Assange is fighting extradition suggests his guilt (as I quoted from here) is wrong and dangerous. I still believe that in the course of promoting #mooreandme, Sady made some disingenuous and problematic arguments, more than just these two.
There have been a couple of suggestion regarding venues. The consensus so far is to find a 'traditional' pub in the centre of Cardiff. Which considering the yuppification of the city centre is easier said than done.
Love In A Café
Probably being fired from Sparks actually. It was 4 o’clock in the morning, I’d come home from celebrating my new-found celebrity, and was phoned up by some minion, that late: "Hello Martin, how are you? Oh good. You're not in the group anymore, anyway goodbye". That abruptly, it was quite shocking, really.
Scarlett Johansson: Such a pretty dress! Love everything; the sleeves, the colour and the cut. Her tattoo slightly kills the elegance of the outfit but what can you do.
Current critical focus on gangsta rap does not deny the influence of more quintessential black musical genres. The creative rhythms and exuberance of jazz must be included in any discussion of American music. Blues and gospel heal and give hope to all listeners. Forerunners of rock ‘n roll, these forms continue to inspire musicians and audiences of all kinds and all races.
Provided the voters have the gumption to manage their own employees…
Here is the back block of our property. As you can see, its dry, arid bushland and it’s only saving grace is that it is a direct shortcut to the road at the back of the property and Steve was able to hightail it up there at short notice when he heard the Targa cars racing by and get some photos for you all to see on Saturday. At some time in the future, this area will be planted with olive trees, figs and further down, grape vines.
I don’t need to tell who Silvia Kusada is, we all know her and the last time I talked to her which is everyday since I met her, she was doing fine thank you very much Mr. Tim Higgs Loser.
Well, I decided that I wanted to sew. Why, you ask? I have no idea! I kept seeing stuff that other people were sewing and I wanted to give it a try. After Christmas I bought a sewing machine and just started sewing! The first day that I got it out of the box, it took me forever to get it started and I tried to sew a purse. Wildly unsuccessful, but I had fun doing it! I ended up making a few flowers and calling it a night. The next day, I bought a pattern for an apron and successful sewed it. The stitching is crooked, I messed up several times and I was stressed out--but having tons of fun!
(*note: I'm now told the word is "Boomshakalaka" but we'll stick with the French spelling for now ;)
I picked this one because it is in the city and its the only race shortly after my training. Any of my SF readers wanna come run it too!? the more the merrier!
Race Record: Starts: 14; Wins: 6; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 1; Win & Place Prize Money: £117,423
As he grew up, he proved to be quite the intelligent little chap. He spoke at 10 months old, read at 3, memorized EVERYTHING…especially Disney movies. We knew he had a special talent and we were right. My favorite story was the time when he was 3, just a little thing, and we approached the Children’s Librarian and I told her that Gavin could read. She looked at me with disdain and I said, “Go ahead, pick any book!” She promptly marched over to the book shelf, picked a book up and handed it to Gavin. Well, he picked up the book and without hesitation, read the whole thing out loud! She was so astonished, she took Gavin by the hand and marched him around, showing any co-workers she could find. That was a proud moment for me as a Mom. Today, I am a proud Mom of a Missionary, whose Son, uses his talent for the Glory of God, spreading the love of Jesus anywhere they let him.
Phirni is a dish that is basically made with rose water and gulkand, or badam phirni or even kesar phirni. Since rose essence was available, it was made instead of the other two.
Leave them in the water for about 10 - 15 minutes, then take out, and gently press between your hands to drain out some of the water. Place in a serving dish.
Time once again to clear away the nonsense and assess what will happen (of any import) next. Nicolas Sarkozy will return to Paris after the G20 has finished inflating the conference hall with hot air, and be told bluntly by his senior mandarins and the banks that Athens has them trussed up, over a barrel, in a corner, by the short and curlies, and on toast. And unfortunately for the Elysee, Berlin is none too worried about that. Well…that is, of course they’re worried about its potential to cock up the euro, but delighted that the French too must now join the other poodles, and sit obediently waiting for any and all Bundeskommands.
Poles 7
Filled with fury, love and miracles, (and a clown or two) this play affirms Shakespeare’s skill as a master storyteller.
Unless staged, this is one time the people will be happy that the royals have spoken against extreme Islam.
Open to US & Canada. No PO Boxes.
It is not a happy tale, and the implications are all quite macabre as to what actually transpired, as opposed to the movie’s unreliable narration, but the film is powerful and haunting all the same. I also like that it’s so accessible and cleaned up. Rather than coming off as cheap and phoned in just to make a quick buck, it feels like time and effort went into making it – a calculated, precise work that shows its effort off like a badge. This is a very mainstream take on the horror genre, and for once it actually works like a gem, as The Others is just magnificent. Scary, artful, meaningful and gripping, this is a bonafide classic of the genre.
Once arriving in their destination city, individuals should spend as much time outdoors in the sunlight as possible during the day to reset their internal clock and lessen the symptoms of jet lag.
Celebrating the Year of the Dragon
“The future is in your hands,” I replied. “Get into that Bentley of yours tomorrow morning and drive to Hackney. You’ve got the address. Give your son the support he needs to find his feet. Accept his lovely bride-to-be as your own daughter and cherish your future grandson as the dearest thing in your life.”
Did you put on your deodorant?
#1- Don’t trust your 5 year old to pee in a cup while you’re cruising down the highway.
I know I say this when it is any one of my daughters birthdays, but seriously where the heck does the time go?!?
We the English Defence League are a grass roots social movement who represent every walk of life, every race, every creed and every colour from the working class to middle England our unity and diversity is our strength. We have members that represent our rich and cultural “patriotic” nation loving populace who can see the threat of “Islamism” for what it is, that is a vile and virulent ideology based off of 7th century barbarity, intolerance, hatred, subjugation and war.
Mona at Life with Intensity - Mona blogs about her Kidlet, who is exceptionally gifted and has all the intensity, asynchrony, and sensitivities that go with that. I love that she is brutally honest about the hard days and love watching her journey through all the jargon, emotions and impacts that these kids bring to the most patient of parents.
and a tiny nosserus too – But I gave buns to the elephant
canola oil or other choice of oil for deep frying
I think part of the struggle is that I feel "bored" with it. It's always a black top. I thought later in the day that this could also be cute with a yellow tee and denim jacket for something different.
He thinks some more.
If vaccines play absolutely no role in the development of childhood autism, a claim made by many medical authorities today, then why are some of the most popular vaccines commonly administered to children demonstrably causing autism in animal primates? This is the question many people are now asking after a recent study conducted by scientists at the University of Pittsburgh (UP) in Pennsylvania revealed that many of the infant monkeys given standard doses of childhood vaccines as part of the new research developed autism symptoms.
the now Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr, Odein
I have also managed to delete my headers!
Great news - putting your eye shadow on correctly really isn't difficult at all. It really is just a matter of finding the right technique and look for you and your personal style. Don't worry if it takes a few tries to get it right. Check out these tips:
On August 20th we will update this site with additional information about the retreat. In the meantime, begin planning . . . begin dreaming! The cost of the retreat is $850 (depending on room selection), which includes three nights in the beautiful Villa, all meals from Tuesday evening through lunch on Friday, and of course, the creative and inspirational experience of the retreat itself. We have reserved the villa for a maximum of 20 retreat participants in order to enhance interactions and provide an ambiance of old Tuscan charm.
A regular commenter at my blog wondered aloud as to what it would take to satisfy the protesters. With tongue in cheek, he declared the government should indeed fulfil Bersih’s 7th and 8th demands, viz. “stop corruption”, and put a halt to “dirty politics”.
A mezzanine level around the perimeter of the cover building allows a full appreciation of the floor plan of the villa, most of whose flint and mortar foundation walls still remain to a height of a couple of feet or more. A huge number of finds are on show in display cases – from decorative beads and jewellery to more mundane finds: pottery, tools, nails, padlocks, gaming counters, household goods, geese skeletons (possibly sacrificed). And roof tiles, many of which were imprinted with foot prints of animals – dogs, cats, geese, oxen – as they lay in the sun to dry. For me, the roof tiles give perhaps the most vivid indication of what life around the villa may have been like: somewhat hectic, with animals roaming at will around a busy farmyard, geese flapping, dogs barking… And just as we gain an insight into life at Lullingstone, we also glimpse death: two skeletons are on show, one of an adult male found with grave goods in a lead casket decorated with scallop-shell detail, the other, more chillingly, that of a baby.
Silver: Truck Stop Honey Brown Ale, Back Forty Beer Co., Gadsden, AL
A dental x-ray may show cavities. The bulimics’ teeth may show worn down tooth enamel from constant exposure to stomach acid. Blood work may show an electrolyte imbalance, hypokalimia or dehydration.
So onto this week and it's my turn to pick the theme and I would like to see your projects that are
I thought long and hard about what part of Organization I wanted to share with each of you, and finally settled on the Kitchen-the hub of our home. We have two beautiful daughters who have ALWAYS been on the go with sports/activities, so keeping our kitchen organized was essential to things running smoothly. Lunches were easy to pack, meals easily prepared, and any necessary paperwork/information was always within reach. So, with that said...I'll walk you around a few places of importance in our kitchen.
“Sire? I need your help.” Finora sent out the call, not daring to hope for an answer, and waited. Several minutes passed. The wind tore at her clothing and rain pelted her numb skin. Still she waited. “Sire, please.”
To master the coagulation of abundance
Spring is definitely in the air, making the days longer and warmer. There is something about springtime that inspires me to make fun outdoor projects. I found the idea of an outdoor chalkboard and instantly wanted to make one. Of course, I didn't want just a chalkboard, I wanted a whiteboard as well. So, I loaded up the kiddos and headed to Lowes. I can't say enough about the great workers at our Lowes store, they really brainstormed ideas with me to get the project just right. My project comfort zone is sewing/cooking/small projects so this was a huge undertaking for me. With that being said, if I can do it, anyone can.
Pansy Lee was born a morning after, I had just lost a Ewe and her lamb the night before
I guess I can add it to the very small pile
You wanted to go far away from me,
R3-4- Sc in each
Recovery of the remaining 22 deceased miners will begin today according to CNN. Official estimates say that the recovery will take 2 days. Here are a few blurbs from the article:
Meagan left for her meet before the sun came up and Brad & Josh went skiing this morning, so it was just me and my two little guys hanging out today. I figured since I was already pushing sugar on them, they may as well eat syrup-drenched (toaster) waffles…
First: I quit my effing day job.
“Wait till you hear Skátar from Iceland. I don’t know how to describe them even. Mogwai meets Black Sabbath that you can dance to. A heavy metal DFA?”
Don’t build your house on sandy land,
1/2 cup diced fresh peaches
The Greek election is around the corner. With only four days away, Greeks will have 32 parties to pick from to enter parliament.
York Minster is amber in colour, ‘flame’ if you like, with a slight haze to it. The aroma is very slight. This isn’t even that cold in my glass, but it’s offering very little. Ammonia again, must be me, but I get that hair dye, hairdressers, bathroom-after-the-missus-has-coloured-her-hair aroma. What is that!?
Thank you lastminute.com for finding us a place to stay.
And just you wait - it'll get even more interesting after this. Promise!
In the back of the church at a wedding when no one knew her own marriage was over yet, L introduced me to her sister under the looming crucified savior on the wall above us. L took my hand, and stood on her toes to give me a peck on the cheek and we were naked for a moment in front of Jesus and her family and everyone.
1. TV Watching
I bought a pack of cigs when I left the doc's office. I can't afford not to eat with my metabolism.
Well, just as I predicted, the sunrise at Mesa Arch was obliterated by heavy clouds and I was denied my postcard photo. Major bummer. I really wanted that shot. I scouted a few angles and took some practice shots not knowing if I would ever be back. A couple other amateur photographers shivered in the cold wind waiting for the sky to break. I bid them good luck, packed up my camera, and proceeded to the business of getting on with the rest of my day. I was determined not to let the lousy weather spoil my vacation.
This new City Hall was a three-story neo-classical structure built of yellow brick. The cornerstone was laid on May 7, 1907, with much fanfare and celebration.
Kam "I thought I came from you!"
But what of the terror, the fear? The rapes? – since we know that in wartime, rape is used as a weapon of revenge, of terrorism, and of control. What of children who wake with nightmares that are less the product of imagination than observation and memory? What of induced mental illness, depression, psychosis? How about post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which affects civilians as well as armed combatants?
TILDA: My company card, yes.
This work can be be quite easily summarised: morality as it has come down to us from history displays two quite different and opposed origins.
Don't forget that to celebrate Australia Day, we are also having a blog hop with great prizes, all details can be found HERE! And there is still time for you to go shopping and enjoy 20% off everything!
13. Is spontaneous
We have often talked about Jesus words in Mark 2:22 where he says: ” And no one pours new wine into old wineskins. If he does, the wine will burst the skins, and both the wine and the wineskins will be ruined. No, he pours new wine into new wineskins.”
This bullion is to be used for the new currency backed by precious metals. It’s now safely stockpiled at the Norad Complex at Colorado Springs, Colorado and four other repositories. Janet Reno’s action so enraged the powers-that-be, that it resulted in her death. She was then replaced with a clone and it was this creature that was responsible for covering-up the various Clinton scandals.
And cuckoo-buds of yellow hue
Today we begin 7 days of HOPE and in the spirit of beginnings we want you to know how God inspired the creation of Hope2Africa. Becky Harris, our fearless leader, was on a trip to South Africa and one day as she road past an enormous Squatter Camp God began to stir something in her heart. “There are people who live in those shacks; people who matter, people Jesus died for, people with names. But how will they know they matter if no one tells them?” That heart stirring was the first step of Hope2Africa’s journey – to see the individual and to know them by name.
Betsy called upon her guide Orion, Jesus Christ, and Archangel Michael, as she always does. The energy in the room got thicker, and I felt activity around my head, as at the first class. The first exercise we did was also similar to what happened in the CI class: we were supposed to ask for three guides to show themselves to us and give us their names and a message.
Upon completion of such task, Claus did quickly turn and touch the side of his nose. He then rose, climbed, and/or ascended up the chimney of the House to the roof, whereupon the Vehicle and Deer waited and/or served as "lookouts." Claus immediately thereafter entered the Vehicle, and departed for an unknown destination.
Though Android Ice Cream Sandwich is only available for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus right now, it’s done enough to make us Android 2.3 users pretty dissatisfied with our perfectly decent OS. If reports are accurate, the update floodgates should be set to open – starting with the Google Nexus S.
Greg sits down. We bump fists.
This is Neeson having Euro-thriller deja vu (after the rather nasty Taken), but this film owes a lot more to a certain action-film franchise. So much, in fact, that to name the franchise would be a spoiler. Everything feels a bit retrodden, the plot is a bit easy to guess and the good supporting cast are a little under-exercised, but it’s reasonably entertaining. 6/10
Happy or Moody most of the time: HAPPY! Sometimes I feel like I might burst with happiness...sounds cheesy... but so true.
Tater’s favorite person is…..
Largely empty DAP seats before the debate
Kong Jin : I also think it's hard to say in a simple words... so I love to be here. Just come to the show and feel it.
$49.95. 4-9 p.m. 1500 K St. 916-444-3633
Not at all. I think people still listen to whole albums, particularly from artists they love. Hip Hop has produced a lot of albums which are average, but with a few amazing songs on – so I have always been used to ‘harvesting’ the good songs from an average album for mixtapes and so forth. That works really well in the age of iTunes playlists and so on.
● No other product has the potential to completely restructure, and
Then it was my turn. I had never read this story in public before. I always thought it was about losing the cap of an expensive pen but as I kept reading I reaized how it was really about far more than that about receiving something or someone new and being able to hold on.
But it’s better than being a freak who wants to get out of her car on the freeway and smash car windows (and maybe some fuckwitmorondickcheese drivers) in order to instruct people on how to fucking drive.
Uterine changes
So today I'm studying the tapes of the opponent. I'm looking at pain, analyzing its trick plays, and working on my own strategies for leading people through the game victorious. It feels good. It feels fucking great actually.
It was a different life. I miss it sometimes.
Pick up the dry cleaning, drop off prescriptions, gas up the car, take in the glass recycling and hit up the Starbucks drive-through.
'These comments and questions help a kid focus his attention on his feelings and thoughts rather than on his accomplishments. He is talking about what he did and self assessing. By emphasizing the process rather than the product, the kid will realize that it's the trying that counts.' Myrna Shure
And what no one else sees, God sees...and hears...and feels....and knows...
When I left the OB I called Chris to tell him that everything looked good and that the coughing/dehydration was what was causing the irritation. I also told him I had a secret, of course he knew right away what my secret was. He said it's a (Baby's Name) and I said yes. (Sorry I don't want to announce the name until the baby is born). But I will tell you it's a BOY!!
It isn't going to be tomorrow or next week but it will be soon other than later. Now my shower liner blogpost is really important to me. Cj tho had a big car repair bill a lil while ago so when he finishes paying for that we are going to take that plunge. Right now he's actually sitting on my couch playing a video game...I guess this a taste of the real life living together. It's awesome by my standards. I'll have to always keep French Vanilla Coffeemate in the fridge but I can more than do that! ;)
It’s possible, likely even, that the convergence of these events—the widespread resistance to German-imposed austerity, the renaissance of nationalism, Spain’s imminent default, the collapse of the Dutch government, and the inconveniently timed national elections in Greece and France—will produce a moment of historic importance. As this unfolds, don’t take your eyes off the nation at the center of it all.
Dr. Nollie Vera Cruz, International Rice Research Institute, Philippines
It is now more than 65 years since the Second World War in Europe ended.
Perspective is everything and you have the ability to change your own perspective on any issue in any given moment. If you wait for the behaviour of others to make you happy then you are not only asking the impossible, you are giving your personal power over your life away. It is good to share your life with others but you need to own your own life and you must take ownership of your own happiness.
But then, I didn't really have time to stick around for a Q&A, because I was off to Kirby Dick's (THIS FILM IS NOT YET RATED, TWIST OF FAITH) new film, THE INVISIBLE WAR. Right to the point, it's about rape in the military. And Kirby gets right in there and interviews the victims, bringing painful personal stories to light. And he backs it up with statistics, all of which come from government reports. About 20% of women serving in the military have been assaulted at some time (a smaller percentage, but larger total number of men are also assaulted.) New recruits into the military are twice as likely to have committed or attempted rape than the corresponding demographics in the civilian population. And most upsetting is how rarely anything is done about it. Since you don't report to an outside police force but to your chain of command, often the victim has to report the assault to either a friend of her attacker or sometimes (bizarrely) to her attacker himself--and then he gets to decide whether to investigate.
I bought a dress today. It's from a vintage shop, a very small one but one of my favourite places. I saw this and I was pretty much head over heels for it, it's the kind of dress I dream about, like something Daisy Buchanan would wear to one of Gatsby's parties. It's just quite special and a bit magical, I don't really know how to describe it. So of course I had to buy it. I don't know when I'll ever wear it but I couldn't have lived if I'd gone home without it, and like with really good vintage, I always think that if you don't get something you'll probably never see it again. I guess that's my excuse to just buy more stuff really, oh well!
QUIRKS: Summer camp! Hooking up! Stupid kids.
For this one I used peel off's and they look like nothing on the sheet when you buy them, but oh how exciting they become when you put them on paper because the combination of the polished and matte finish is something you can't get with regular heat embossing. (fyi...I used Cartiera Magnani 140lb cold pressed paper which surprisingly has a very fine texture for a cold pressed paper and takes to this technique very well).
Earrings: Dots.
The last one I had with my dad.
It’s not something that economists routinely track, but it provides a rough sense of what’s happening in local real estate markets. Call it the low-ball index.
The first day or two of my plans usually goes okay.
me: "holy s*it. someone else just told me that two days ago."
Even the horses that live in the paddock just outside my house couldn't be arsed with me today.
Tasting notes read thus: Sweet malty smell. Bronze color, weak head. (I may have chilled it a bit too much.) Malty nutty taste, sweet tea-like finish. Tastes a bit like Bass but better.
Doctor: “Well, just drink rice milk. Keep track of what you eat. Then call me back in two weeks and we can see if you need bloodwork.”
Ironically, there is no weed with probably a quarter mile of me. Interpolate as is your wont, my minions. You may find this fact journalistically-dishonest (Pike and co. have said repeatedly that Dopesmoker was written to be heard while stoned), but I feel I must fully disclose.
We hear little about the personal hell soldiers live through after returning home.
Somerset County Council said it was made aware of the family and dealt with the issue of child safety with a satisfactory outcome
Fact; Who ever is reading this prolly thinks i’m weird now …
Another thought popped into my head: this is my last IUI cycle ever! So weird to think that. This will be my 9th IUI!
The ancient Gnostics were aware that material existence is, at its root, a beguiling and temporary illusion. (Hindus called this “Maya.”) Modern physics has confirmed this at the sub-molecular level, where one can see that apparently solid objects are, in fact, composed of moving bits of energy that are neither wholly particle nor wave. The closer one looks, the less there is to see. The vast emptiness of outer space is mirrored by the vast emptiness within matter itself.
Starting with Spencer’s childhood in the 1820s, Schoenwald concluded that “Spencer’s self-esteem had been undermined hopelessly in the oral and anal stages of his development; he could commit himself only to paper, not to a woman.” As a baby, Spencer rejoiced in his ability to “create excrement.” He never forgave his parents’ efforts at toilet training, which revoked the “freedom in which he had gloried.” This “fearful attack from behind” left permanent scars, which is why, for example, Spencer would one day oppose public sanitation regulation, because he “saw in sanitary reform an attack on his magical anal producing powers.”
My Pig decision ended up being to walk the half marathon. I got a new friend out of the deal, and as we were both injured, it ended up being a fairly therapeutic experience. It was mentally harder to walk that half than to run a marathon, for sure. I have a new respect for those who walk distance races. It's easy to take walking for granted when you're a runner, but that was SO not easy, and I don't think it would've been too much easier even with no injury. My feet!! OMG, my poor feet!! Feet hurt WAY worse when you walk on them - I guess more steps and more time on them really do make a difference.
“Are you kidding?” I say as I pluck up another roma tomato. “Robert Preston was a real man’s man, and Harold Hill was a straight smooth-talker. I can’t imagine a better role model for today’s men.”
Finally a little snippet of the inside of the book. I wish Spark had been home today to take a photo of me opening this all up! If you'd like to work towards earning a Stampin' Up! incentive trip, why not give me a call or drop me an email to chat about how you could join our team of Jelly Stampers and become a Stampin' Up! demonstrator yourself? You can even get a FREE ticket to our European convention worth £145 if you join during May.
Lastly the rear wing has also been modified with a smaller flap. Several teams have switched their rear wing to smaller flaps, at first this is counter intuitive to the exploitation of the Drag reduction system (DRS) also termed the adjustable rear wing. As one would initially deduce that adjusting a larger flap would reduce drag by a greater amount. However, shallower flaps effectively flatten out when the leading edge is moved 50mm from the trailing edge of the main plane (50mm is the maximum slot gap allowed for the DRS). Thus they produce very little load and therefore little drag.
What have you given to the Lord lately? More importantly, what have you given to God without a single expectation in return? We live in a culture of reciprocation. People have developed a sense of entitlement and selfishness that the “world” owes them something. Such a mentality is quite oppressive because it creates desperation driven by a fear of lack, so they refuse to give becoming hoarders. To fear the Lord and “delight” in obeying his commandments means to be a generation of generous and joyous givers. Psalm 112 describes such people as generous, compassionate and righteous. Obedience means dedicating your life to God generously which produces joy, success, blessing, wealth, good, confidence and eternal influence in the life of the faithful. There is confidence for those who give generously with no expectation from people because their faith is in the Lord. When money, time and everything else associated with this life begins to outweigh the treasure stored in our heart which is Jesus Christ it becomes an idol. Tithing is one of the most unpopular pulpit topics that cause silence and squirming when God asks for faithfulness in “returning” just one tenth of what He has provided. People look away uncomfortably as the Spirit gently prods for just a moment of time to help another. We long for Jesus to be our everything yet refuse to give our all to God! The perverse economy in which we live is failing. Babylon is falling. To receive a generous outpouring from the Lord that will satisfy our heart, soul and mind, one must become a generous giver beginning with the obvious and moving into righteousness. Jesus Christ will never satisfy a soul that longs for the things of this world. There is no contentment for those who dwell in the society driven by consumerism and supply-and-demand materialism. There will always be want. God longs to satisfy your soul. Jesus will bring contentment where greed once eroded your heart. What are you willing to give to God for such influence and honor as living in the Peace of God through Jesus Christ?
TV Ratings for Minute to Win It episodes:
Right now, I should be laughing and making a joke about this. But it just blew me away. He explained in a biological sense, why teenagers have problems with being ‘told’ to do something. The teenage brain copes better with requests & flexibility. He gave the following example:
The registration page can be found here but beware that the photo on the page is not of Austin. I can only upload one that’s smaller than 50KB and I don’t have a file so small! Silly, but you already know how cute he is:
In the bowl of a stand mixer beat the egg whites, sugar, lemon juice, and frozen strawberries until light and fluffy, about 15-20 minutes. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl once or twice to make sure there are no big chunks of fruit.
Lerner's book is really two books in one, each about 85 pages in length. The first, entitled "Can Bureaucrats Help Entrepreneurs?" is what Lerner calls the "39,000 foot" look at the public role of entrepreneurship and venture capital. The second part drills down a much more granular and local view of the subject. Three chapter headings are particularly telling: "How Governments Go Wrong, Bad Design" (chapter 6), How Governments Go Wrong, Bad Implementation" (chapter 7) and "The Special Challenges of Sovereign Funds" (chapter 8).
But I’m completely expecting to be here everyday until the 4th.
I’ll admit I’m not one to twitter about my personal life—I rarely update my facebook status—but you may want to consider twittering about your wedding plans if you have a large group of friends and relatives who want/need to know all of your plans: parents, siblings, bridesmaids and groomsmen.
But best of all, our magical builder pulled a different kind of rabbit out of a hat and got us into our nearly-renovated house.
He highlighted the importance of education in developing a sense of tolerance in society and eradicating misunderstandings and potential conflicts.
K: I love to hear you talk about your own writing and others’ this way. I feel like writing as craft is a thing that people don’t talk about as much anymore, the way you would talk about woodworking as craft.
the other day i noticed my petrol light was on and the tank was reading empty.
But this isn't just any reveal. Nope. We've got some awesome stuff mixed in for you guys, like an ARC giveaway and a chance to win a super special, contents top secret Grab Bag! But since I know you want the cover, at least before you actually read any of this.....
I own the Zoo-Phonics font, and I LOVE this because it allows me to make my own flash cards! One thing that their company does not offer (at least not that I know of,) is something that I like to refer to as “Transitional” flash cards. To make these, I print out the Zoo-Phonics card and glue it on one side of the card, and then I print out an ordinary matching letter and glue it on the back of that card. Then I laminate the cards, trim off the excess lamination, and voila! I have a set of “Transitional” Zoo-Phonics Flash Cards.
Character is at the center of fiction of any genre. My sad housewives’ characters drive their tales; if changed, the entire story changes. This could be cool, or would be cool if the plot complications weren’t ninety percent the result of my protagonists’ own stupid character defects. And maybe, maybe, that’s what bugs me about these stories. If those character flaws aren’t entertaining to me…if I neither sympathize with them nor find them amusing any longer, the tale begins to bore me, just like a party I’ve stayed too long at.
Gracious Father, thank for saturating my life with your love through the gracious gift of Keri as my wife.
From what I saw, most of the base cards have terrific action shots, one of the best being card #116, Kevin Brown. Although I've heard that Brown was a less-than-ideal role model during his time in the big leagues, I wasn't going to pass this one up. It shows the immediate aftermath of his no-hitter against the Giants on June 10, 1997.
Then when she’s gone there’s that odd melancholy feeling
When I started this line of full spectrum paints over ten years ago, it was with the intent that I keep my pricing in line with major paint manufacturers so that it would be affordable for everyone because I truly believe (& get constant feedback) that our paints are healing, bringing joy and balance to everyone who comes into contact with them. Due to the scarcity of one of the most important ingredients in good paint, titanium; all paint manufacturers have increase their prices as many as 4 times a year over the past couple of years. However, even at our increased prices, it all comes down to only 15 cents per square foot for our most popular VOC-free “certified green” Lifemaster product. Considering that paint makes the biggest impact on any space, covering far more surface than anything else, it’s still a bargain! Here’s a link to the pricing information: Pricing and Product Data
Quietly i've been plugging away at my 'faster' schedule, mostly locally and so no big reason to blog. there's only so many blogs you could take about a lakeside tempo session.
Once I had two solid layers I was left with some of the skinnier flat bones and some smaller little ones (I'm not a doctor and I'm really not sure which bones these are so I'll stick with my highly technical term of "the rest".)
I could feel you holding me , your tender loving care.
Such a simple idea with a brown lunch sack. I would have liked to make the tag but dang... I just dont seem to have time for paper crafting lately. So these are gift tags I bought at Hobby Lobby a couple of weeks ago. And the string is twine from PaperTrey Ink. I used the Fiskars boarder punch to add a wee bit of design, then wrapped the twine around and threaded the tag, tied a bow and called it a wrap! FUN. The super simple gift inside is for co workers which consists of two small bags of flavored coffee (each bag makes one pot) and several individual creamer cups.
Now through Mother's Day get 10%-25% off select items in my shop! I've actually reduced prices on about half of my items! So it's a great time to buy!
today lies under ice betrayed…………..
1/4 tsp freshly squeezed lime juice
Thy colours! And thy sleekness! The fact that thou wast cheap!
of which I understand nothing
Davy's Gray
Evenings on Cozumel tended to end fairly early; as long as there was a dive boat to catch in the morning I was okay with calling it a night around 10. On our last day there, however, I saw no reason to get a good night’s sleep. Chucho had offered a could days before to take me dancing on Friday night and so at 10:00 we met at Viva Mexico, a second floor bar overlooking the ocean and two XX brought for every one ordered. The crowd started out fairly mild but as the drinks were downed the scene unfolded beautifully, becoming a rowdy mix of locals and tourists, a eclectic mix of bodies with varying degrees of rhythm. And the band was awesome. They started with Pink Floyd and drew from bands like Jet, The Eagles, Journey and many many more that are now lost somewhere in a haze of beer and dancing. Finally at 2:30 AM my legs gave out on me and I had to declare myself a pumpkin. The reference was completely lost on Chucho, but my sleepy eyes got the point across and a cab ride (and a glorious shower) later I was happily passed out in bed.
We thought this week’s blog can be less (or not at all) about academics and more about FUN! When we think of summer fun we can’t help but think of the food! Who doesn’t love new ideas for grilling? If you’re not the grilling type, then – who doesn’t love eating? So, in the spirit of culinary enrichment we give to you…
Randy, you bring a unique perspective to your writing because you are also an attorney and a pastor. How do you juggle these three things and still have a life?
Which ever way it goes, it is not the way to start a relationship.
“It would be cool,” he stated without hesitation for the umpteenth time.
Back at our respective homes we got to work sleuthing (who knew that she would later become Detective Denise?!) on the internet, and discovered that the delegate who had let the report cat out of the bag was quite high profile in the dark world of the Badman, and so was unlikely to have been mistaken. Emails were written to the government asking for clarification. Eventually the report was released and it was everything we had feared and more. I know I have read people say that one of Denise’s qualities was never having a bad word to say about anyone, but she definitely had some bad words to say about the Badman! I suspect that was because she was a bit cross with herself for having got him wrong, but I think that just shows that she was the kind of person to look for the best in people, whoever they might be.
You can store these on the room temperature for 1 week, 2 weeks in the fridge, and 1 month in the freezer.
Intenif'Eye Wet & Dry Shadow, no. 010, Black Or White Swan ?!
The article highlights American spending during the holiday season. Every year from the Friday after Thanksgiving until January 1st, Americans spend approximately 457 billion dollars. The appalling thing about this is that, according to globalissues.org, the total cost to provide basic education, sanitation, health care, and women’s reproductive health for everyone on the planet is around 40 billion dollars.
Performing Arts Centre, Sevenoaks School, Sevenoaks – Tim Ronalds Architects, London N1
anyone in the loo with you during #2
5 HUN 5 2 0 0 3 4
The Boston Globe
With owning a two year old phone you begin to take notice of the decline in battery life. As for us who own the Sprint EVO 4G you have noticed this problem since day one of ownership. You could talk to any EVO 4G phone owner and the biggest complaint they would have would be the battery life.
The goal is to be confident
dejando tronchado tu sino y tu fe,
Thou layest thy finger on the lips of Care
Vader and Luke are sitting in the old Jedi temple on Coruscant, surrounded by boxes of Girl Scout cookies
2nd row - Ivye's clothes, little boys' pjs/underwear, little boys shorts, little boys jeans
The second and third place winners from Random.org are:
The absurdity of the ESA can be seen in a recent request by Oregon officials for who received permission to kill sea lions that feed on “protected” salmon trying to swim upriver to spawn and now want permission to kill a sea bird, cormorants that dine on baby salmon trying to reach the ocean. The life and death cycle of salmon is as old as this species and those that prey on it for food to sustain their own lives. The Oregonians want to reduce the cormorant nesting colonies by ten percent.
I was teary, and worried, and anxious, but instantly comforted when we arrived: The staff was waiting with open arms for Mom...and a stroller and a blanket for Savannah.
This past Sunday two of us from work headed up to Atlantic City for a large trade show, primarily aimed at garden center buyers. I usually go to nursery trade shows where plants are the main attraction, but this was not a plant show; it was everything but. Tools, pottery, soils, fountains, chemicals, furniture, birding supplies and just about any other imagined garden accessory could be bought and sold for the upcoming season. Many of the vendors were large national players, but there were also smaller, specialty companies showing off their products. The convention center floor was a good place to see what trends might be in store for the industry (and yes, it is an industry). So here are a few things I noticed:
That’s where I’m at now with my novel, happily anticipating my writing time each day. I don’t always wait for writing time. Characters pop up throughout my day to talk to me and advise me on details of plot and setting. And yeah, some of my ability to concentrate on ordinary activities is compromised. I’m kind of a space cadet, losing my sunglasses, my keys, my shoes, and not sure where I left my car.
What I want atm: I’m working towards (read: saving) obtaining my Yoga Instructor Certification. To pass Finances 101, find self balance and focus. Maybe reach a few unreachable souls and to laugh. Always to laugh.
As an added bonus, DuClaw Brewing Company Brewmaster Jim Wagner will be on hand to discuss the pairings and answer your questions!I don't have to tell you where to go to get the tickets, do I? I didn't think so. Now, considering the unpredictability of winer weather in January, I'm predicting this one will take, oh, about an hour to sell out.
Christopher Fox Graham (Joined team in RahMahMercy's slot)
Ever wonder how much it would cost today to book passage if the Titanic still sailed? What about wanting to know who first spotted the wreckage underwater? Or who the youngest survivor of the shipwreck was? Or even what the newspaper headlines said about the tragedy just after it happened? In her new book, Titanic, Melissa Stewart offers readers the answers to this diverse set of questions and more. As part of the popular National Geographic Kids series, Titanic is brimming with stunning photographs, detailed diagrams and illustrations, and primary source material. Everything in the book, from the fascinating “Weird but True” factoids scattered throughout the pages to the double-page spread discussing “10 Real Reasons Why the Titanic sank”, whets readers’ curiosity. Furthermore, Stewart’s lucid prose and focused details help young readers apply their developing reading skills to pursue authentic inquiries. In all, this early reader book tailors an impressive array of information for students across the grades and reading levels to partake in deeper explorations and share in commemorative classroom activities about the famous ship.
you did not fail
The police action followed information that People’s Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), which is spearheading the protest against the nuclear plant, was planning to intensify its stir from Thursday, since the State government did not respond to its demand for talks.
So, in a nutshell: smells like peppermint (you know how sometimes, you get something that's supposed to smell like a certain scent and it, well, doesn't? Not the case here. It smelled like I actually unwrapped a peppermint), it's very soothing, the scent stays on your skin, and it's fun to watch it dissolve, AND it is colored like a candy cane. For the price, you really can't go wrong.
I visited Postcard Teas on a sunny Saturday morning. Tim was leading two young men through a tea tasting. His assistant, Sarah, made me a cup of tea — his own blend, Mayfair Breakfast, named for the central London neighborhood and a nice strong blend of stout but well-behaved blacks — while I wandered the basement-level gallery, looking at Tim's tidy displays of small teapots and large discs of pu-erh. When the tasting wrapped up, Tim clearly was not tired of talking tea, and I suspect this rarely occurs. We tasted more tea (the Yunnan Red Cloud is a sultry, cocoa-y thing — a summer pluck from a bush whose first pick makes pu-erh), and as Tim pours cups of tea he hands you photos of the people who made the tea, of the trees it came from, of the workers who processed it. He talks about what machine-processing methods still qualify a tea to be labeled "handcrafted," and he gets pretty fussy about the application of the word "rare." He plans to follow these threads on the new blog, bringing the people who make the tea into the light for the people who drink it.
‘Sorry love’, I reply, ‘It’s been an emotional few… Oh fuck it, it’s just been emotional’.
Place raspberries into a saucepan and put in sugar. Let it sit for 30 minutes or until the raspberries water down. Cook the raspberries until the berries further disintergrate. Turn off the heat and stir in lemon juice. (The final compote should taste slightly tart)
9B. Scottish Heavy 70/-
A friend of mine posted this on FaceBook today and I’m sure it’s been flying all over the web, whether the story is true or not is irrelevant, the lesson is important. Given the fact we’d already posted something on patience from the Dalai Lama this week, the timing seemed right. Remember as we have talked about before, to steal from the Beatles, “in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.” ~Rev Kane
Then I had to whip up these treat bags for my son's religion class that I teach! I put the treats (all from the $ store) in a clear lollipop bag and cut 4x 4 pattern paper folded in half and stapled them to the top of the bags! Super easy and quick! My printer is broken otherwise I would have put a happy Easter tag on them, but still cute the way they are!
4. The cute diagrams in each chapter, add to a reader’s curiosity.
-you must commit to the schedule of regular exercise and drinking Shakeology daily
I love you both unconditionally. Period. Always.
“I don’t understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I’m interested in someone, and I don’t want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I’m not interested in that person.”
As is often the case with Ristelhueber, the idea for this work was set in motion by a photograph, that of the car bomb killing of Rafic Hariri in Beirut on 14 February 2005. The presentation of this piece is adapted to its space. Here, 3 of the 11 images in the series are stuck directly onto the walls of the entrance hall in an “edge-to-edge” dialogue with the Tuileries gardens. Since it was impossible to travel to Iraq, Ristelhueber spent long hours at the Reuters agency in London studying rushes of videos by Iraqi cameramen showing car bombings in Iraq. The ground-level views of the huge craters caused by the blasts inspired these images which sometimes use bits of the landscapes she photographed when travelling in Iraq in 2000, or a mixture of elements from previous journeys.
p118 “There are those who do zazen for years, with strong joriki, yet never awaken. Why not? Because in their deepest unconscious they can’t disabuse themselves of the idea that the world is external to them, that they are a sovereign individuality independent of and opposed by other individualities. To renounce such conceptions is to stand in “darkness.” Now, satori comes out of this “darkness,” not out of the “light” of reason and worldly knowledge.”
Anywho. Los muertos. Today was the annual Ghosts of the Past assembly at GGMS, and you had your usual suspects: Einstein, Galileo, Lewis and Clark AND Sacagawea, and, of course, Maria Montessori. Then there are always a few wild cards – sports figures I’m not familiar with, random inventors, and the odd musician (this year, we had Elvis, Johnny Cash, and a very nervous Michael Jackson. Sweet angel.). It’s quite a thing to see, I have to say.
The question I often ask to people is what would they have done in that situation? I've been in that situation. I saw young soldiers 18, 19 years old wetting themselves and vomiting over themselves and they were only faced by some 50 raging rioters. I knew at the time that should I not step in and in the harshest possible manner diffuse the situation, anyone of those scared young men could lose it and pull a trigger out of fear and sheer nervous reaction, which could have led another massacre, but this time against rioting black soldiers, not civilians.
It is possible to enter the pub from the Hawthorne Street side, but that entrance, which sends you down a long, deserted hallway, feels like the back way. Rather, most people head to the north entrance where there’s a covered back patio and picnic tables—seemingly populated even in winter by groups of chatting pubgoers. From the back door, you are delivered right into the hubbub of the main seating area.
I’d say avoid.
So as not to spoil anyone, I won't get into the ending, except to say that though it came as something of a shock, and I'm still not entirely sure what it means, it might be one of the loveliest 5 minute sequences I've seen on the screen in a long time.
But you know what? I'm happy! (I'm not happy that I have had that much stress), but I mean I AM HAPPY! I'm a happy person to begin with, so it isn't that hard for me. All I have to do is go to my "Happy Place" in my head and I can make myself put it all in perspective.
Well, the next 6 months or so we'd cross paths here and there. Trying to have a conversation with this guy was hard! There was no reason for him not to like me. I was determined to make him talk to me, but everytime I'd talk, he'd turn around and walk away. Well screw it. I didn't like him anyway! Turns out he kinda thought I was a bitch. Hahaha. He still liked me, but thought I was a bitch. Quite honestly, I am.
(800) 243-0607 (Carbondale)
Asked how she would qualify as a commentator despite her legendary public displays of total ignorance on political, geographical, environmental, social and parental issues, Mrs Palin is believed to have cited her previous TV experience when she worked part-time as a sports presenter for the KTUU station in Anchorage, Alaska in the 1980s.
Romancing Saga (PS2)
There will also be two runners up who will receive:
2.Answer the questions the “tagger” listed for you in their post, (And create 11 new questions for the people you tag to answer).
Along the pathway of potential
What really happen is that it is not gourmet EVERY. SINGLE. NIGHT.
“I can’t just sit back and do nothing,” he told his mom. Two years later, Ryan followed his beloved older brother to the Army.
For iPad or Android Pad Users
Although i’m sure it’s pretty clear to you all now how I feel about House of Lords reform, I do think it is in everyone’s interest, whether you are pro or anti election, for this to be done for the right reason and properly.
I very, very calmly addressed his shouted remarks with a few questions and when met with the same answers, I very calmly took off my bowling shoes. I attempted to calmly remove Vince’s, but he kicked me so much that it quickly became a battle that I was obviously losing.
to some a word filled with hope, looking forward to different circumstances which may be better than the current one...
To be the medium of my thought
When I first read the story, it felt like just a bunch of sentences that where randomly thrown into a comic. I must have read it to fast because I was a little lost, but still in awe of the comic. It was so fast paced, the dialogue between the characters just bounces off each other in such a lyrical way. After multiple rereads, I can safely say that it is a a really well done comic that jumps around in a fairly consistent and meaningful way. The art is also really phenomenal. It has this emotion and and rawness that a lot of the mainstream comics lack. The designs of the characters are pitch perfect and make them truly come to life. They feel like whole people. Pope Hats very simple story, like the beginning of coming of age tale where the lead is still running away from the ghosts of her past. Except the story is surrealistic, the narrative form is unique, and the ghost is real (but more annoying than scary).
HAIKU REVIEW BY CAROLYN: Russian Roulette game
291Ah, come not, write not, think not once of me,
Matthew Graham: Sarah Jane was a childhood pal, a childhood crush, a childhood hero. And she never stopped being. Goodbye Mistress. Xxx
Native Europe consisted of a core duo and had a supporting cast of guest musicians to round out the sound. They were from the United Kingdom and produced this one and only LP from what I can find. I bought this vinyl a very long time ago and had it transferred to a CDr, so the overall sound is pretty good. I recently snatched it out of the drawer and popped it in the car and yet again I pleasantly surprised with these seven songs…This is pure synth pop electronica with some minimalism in spots. Out of print pressing via the British based independent record store of the same name - Red Rhino Records, UK.
All week I've been frustrated about the constant fighting, screaming
Believe it or not, I started this piece just before the baby was born, and was working on it while we were down the shore on vacation and his mom was in labor with him. Andrew, or Drew as he is better known, took his own sweet time getting here. It's a good thing he's such a cutie - his mom was in labor for almost two days!
Tip: This also tastes great piped onto fresh veggies for the tofu-phobic. Just skip straight to making the bean spread, and don't forget your garnishes.
Revelation 20:11-15
Thursday 5/24
Mark your calendar for March 30th and April 1st and join us at Kane!
She stayed at the Hospital all night praying for me I was in bad shape when I awoke I was amazed she cared enough to stick by my side… afterwards she stayed a couple of days and took care of cleaning and cooking so I could recover I said to her why are you doing this she replied because I care about you This touched my heart enough the light was bleeding through the crack of the wall surrounding my heart…
Swartkops businessman ‘pulled from car, assaulted by police’ 18 June 2003
Smiler – Rocksteady
Dark Side
Remove from the oven and cool completely on a rack before devouring. Serves 6-8.
In short: Though it has an optimistic tone and her lovely prose, Crossed focuses on inner journeys to the extent that the book lacks a gripping plot. I’m hoping this reflects a middle book slump, as I do plan to read Reached to finish the trilogy.
The palate was lovely, sweet black and red fruit studded with spice, elegantly intense with smooth, supple tannins and a point of cleansing acidity. Intense flavours of rich dried fruit on the finish together with leathery notes and coffee spice.
Twenty-one course participants, from all walks of life, had the opportunity to explore and directly respond to works of art by Alighiero Boetti, Yayoi Kusama and Catherine Yass.
Those of you who’ve been reading my blog for at least a year will be familiar with this Jan/Feb trip I make to the US every year for work. I’ll be in New York City and Washington DC for a couple of days each and it’s always a freezing, hectic trip. Anyone in these areas, give me a shout out!!
01. Rock On (Buckwild Remix)
Tell both your senators to vote Yes on “Barrasso Heller Amendment” to defund EPA Corps jurisdiction expansion. Call both your senators at (202) 224-3121.
Perhaps most important, though, is JONAS VISITING ON FRIDAY NIGHT. Familiar faces, what the WIN?! Which is my way of saying I miss all of your familiar faces. Skype soon? Yeah, you. Do you wanna Skype soon? Anyway, let me know. Or I’ll see you this summer. (July 1st, oh!)
GMDSS for deck officers.
Joy and Roxy are going for a vacation to find the man that is their soul mates. Joy doesn’t believe it can be a dark one but it seemed that was were she was heading. With Roxy’s help Joy will find her soul mate but it isn’t with the vampire that thinks she belongs to him.
Creative Commons is important because it protects the users who use an author’s works from copyright infringement as long as they are abiding by the author’s terms. Before Creative Commons licenses, there was no easy way for an author to share their works freely and there “was no place for members of the public to go to find new works that they were free to reuse and remix without paying fees,” (Kleinman, 2008, p. 594-595). Now Internet users can use Google to find Creative Commons licensed content as well as Flickr for searching through images and many other sources for video and music.
“If Sunpeaks is able to penetrate just five per cent of the Warfarin market in just the U.S., sales for Clotamin could potentially surpass $25 million dollars annually,” the company’s president, Mackie Barch, said in a release on March 7.
With all the work I have been getting as of late, it is quite a routine we have gotten ourselves into. I wake up on a morning, get myself and Ryan ready before we all leave the house together for Matt to take me to the train station and then take Ryan on to the childminder or his parents before he then heads in to work, himself. Then, on an evening, he leaves work, picks Ryan up and heads back to the train station to collect me and we all head back home together...usually about 12 hours from when we began the routine in the morning.
Ms Mills added: “While the lack of suitable alternative sites and the family’s general needs carry some weight in favour of the proposal, their need for this particular site is not compelling.”
Every year my husband's dad requests my homemade peanut brittle. I've been using this recipe for several years now. Its quick and easy if you have the right tools and know how many minutes work for your microwave. Right now I have it down to a science. I think its worth the effort because when you get it right, its really really good brittle.
Q: So, your husband makes the money and you spend the money?
Five months have gone by now. And my heart feels just as broken as the day it happened.
But…but our family history looms in the background, a constant scythe ready to cut through any happiness we might be able to broker. Even all these years later (and countless therapy sessions) the abuse at the hands of my biological father – physical, emotional, sexual - still affects my relationship with my mother in profound ways.
I awake, and realize it has all been a dream, well all except for the rain which turns out to be sweat/perspiration from the NEPA (lack of electricity) -induced heat.
As a Christian I feel like we are to build each other up, not tear down. We are to mend fences, not build walls and yet today I felt the need to sever ties. I never want to hurt anyone. I don’t want to rock the boat. I just take what comes, try to forgive and move on. This was a hard call for me because I know I have upset her. I don’t like to upset people. I know she will have to bear the burden of forgiving me. I don’t like putting that on anyone, but I know this is what is best. I tried to explain my situation and why I felt the way I did and well, as you can imagine the response was less than gracious. I expected it though. She’s hurting.
I’ve got a fairly standard routine. After I’ve dropped the kids at school I write almost straight through until I pick them up. I aim to get 2,000 words down per day. I also work in a cafe a few days a week, just for a change of scene and I enjoy seeing people. I’ve written two books in that cafe so the locals know me well. Writing can be a very lonely profession so it’s good to work in company.
After almost a decade of major economic transformation, the Lao People’s Democratic Republic is on the brink of World Trade Organisation (WTO) membership.
I paid the price for not accepting Responsibility and ultimately lost my job. I am not proud of that, but it was a learning experience. Like it or not, you can not hold onto something and give up Responsibility for it at the same time. Either take Responsibility and find a way to produce or move on.
Granddad: "A booboo"
The next day at work, I was talking to Mildred the receptionist at Betterbins about my issues with meeting women and she suggested a dating agency. I found a place on Main Street called 'Blind Date Mate' and after a long discussion with a member of staff about my likes and dislikes, my allergies, and my most irrational fears, I was told that this agency would be able to set me up with at least three different blind dates over the next few days. I went home, excited at the prospect of new love awaiting me. The next day I recieved an email with details of the venue for my first date and the time I should be there. I arrived at The Golden Badger promptly at 8 pm and was shown to my table. Five minutes later my date arrived. It was quite clearly Mr. Bradley Nichols, the man who'd interviewed me for an hour at the agency the day before, only now he was wearing a green wig covered in glitter and an orange catsuit. He looked like a transexual carrot. He introduced himself as 'Brandine' and I made awkward small talk with him for ten minutes before finally excusing myself and walking out. I simply told him that I was not in any way interested and wished him good luck. The next day I recieved another email with a new date location and time. With some trepidation I arrived at Mario and Luigi's (Authentic Thai Cuisine) and was once again faced with Mr. Nichols this time masquerading as 'Ladybelle' and sporting a 3 ft beehive wig and a faux leather mini-skirt. I turned on my heel and left. The third email I simply ignored.
Make sure to leave a comment on this post saying that you completed the 3 steps, and also type your email address so I can send the file to you. I hope you like this step-by-step blueberry and strawberry shortcake activity!
Zac Brown Band ~Jolene: (The Ray LaMontagne version -it's his song- is equally lovely)
Duke Stevens, a resource coordinator in Manhattan for OASAS (Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services) has seen many children and young adults come through his program as the result of their parents’ addiction and the affects it has had on their children.
Jon got really tired of the guy and wanted to go, but I convinced him to stay. I could tell he was sort of mad and wanted to get out of there. But I didn't really mind the guy, he wasn't gross or anything. And I enjoyed listening to the band a lot. Francine was really energetic and ran back and forth across the stage, jumping up and down and wailing away. She was wearing this black dress with sleeves like huge black wings and she looked kind of goth and really cool, with her haunting voice and flaming red hair.
I think my least favorite meal was anything with Tuna. OMG *belch* that makes me want to barf just thinking about it. She made some kind of tuna souffle with like egg in it or something that made it stink and it was fluffy. I think my mom called it Tuna Surprise.
And no photograph is ever the same. That’s how it should always be. Evolving and changing, no two of the same images. It is our own perception that helps us as image makers to become as different as the other.
Step up to Monster 3. All the scribbles and lines from Monster 2 have been blended out and smoothed into the first layer of color. In this case, complete and ready to make into a card. I will say that I was not at all pleased with how the balloon came out. The colors I chose for it were simply to light next to the vibrant colors of the monster. You'll notice in the final card that I covered them up with heart shaped chocolates.
- Ruby red grapefruit 2 for $1.00 (Texas, Sunkist)
In a game that takes place in the four dimensions of in/out, up/down, here/there and time, the odds are far better if the batsman uses either a perfectly perpendicular or a perfectly horizontal bat – anything in between increases the difficulties of meeting the ball at the batsman’s choice of contact point.
“So everyone is pretty much in agreeance that he is a dirty stain on Nationalism that the cause could definitely do without?”
Central to the new proposals is that any new Public Procurement system must be in full effect whenever Public Money is spent.
New projects - 4
Make Them Pretty! Attach Them To A Tag,Card,Flower Etc.Your Imagination is The Limit!
It’s May 1st and it’s pouring, pouring, pouring… Though, I think it’s supposed to clear up soon. May’s going to be a busy month. Let me put it to you this way. We have a communion this weekend, a birthday party followed by Mother’s Day the next weekend, a birthday the following weekend with a 2-year anniversary for Pedro and I and then it’s MARATHON WEEKEND! Holy crap. When am I going to breathe?
I'm down on my hands and knees
I didn't make the pasta for the lasagne myself this time and the packet of Barilla I got from Carrefour was really expensive. I just realised that I've never blogged properly about lasagne probably because it's one of those simple dishes that requires quite a bit of preparation and I've never managed to find enough natural light at the end to have a picture taken. I still haven't, but have decided to blog about it anyway.
Anyway, if that doesn't ring your bell, not to worry - we've still got lashings of mystery, horror and high concept sci-fi to get you going. It all starts with the Tardis crew following a missing Earthling, possibly an alien abductee, to an uninhabited planet in another galaxy, and there, to their amazement, discovering an exact replica of Tudor London ... and I'm afraid that's as much as your getting at present. Producers aren't too keen on their writers releasing unofficial spoilers shortly before the product is actually released.
At this point, Seco Pearl is the only serious game in town for alternatives. We’ve seen some GREAT music there. We love Nina and the Seco Pearl! Taosound by the Post Office in town has a nice selection. There’s also a space called the Mandala Project on the bypass, but we haven’t played there YET. We’ve only ever tried to get ONE gig at a mainstream venue in Taos and they turned us down—probably because we’re too risky—but we’ve never really bothered with trying to get gigs in places like that because why spend time on people and things that aren’t willing to spend time on you? In these sort of situations you usually have to make it happen yourself, you can’t wait around for anyone else.
I want my children to dream as often as they wish, because a dream concentrates on the feeling of the heart; a goal or objective focuses on the analysis of the mind.
So, a friend of mine had heard about a local Montessori school being run by a woman who shared many of my ideals and values. Liam and I met with her and I told her all about my views on education. She had never heard of John Holt, but she was fascinated. We liked each other, she liked Liam, Liam liked her, I liked Liam, we both liked her dog, the dog liked us. Okay. We'll try it. BUT, I said, you must never "make" Liam do academic stuff. I told her that he needed to initiate all learning activities. Furthermore, she allowed me to work there so I was still with Liam. We'll see.
Cook slowly for about 3 hours, test the meat at the end of this time to ensure the meat is no longer pink. If it is, leave in for a little longer.
the few birds at my feeder watch the window
-Above all, you will regret caring too much about what others think of you. It will make you do and say such idiotic things. Just “Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.”
Nordly Capi – DL – Colorado State – We generally don’t make a point to write about defensive players unless they are standouts like Donte Hightower of Alabama. However, Capi’s gawdy 8 sacks in this young season made us take notice. His underwhelming 6’3″ and 249 lbs. size is surprising. We’re not sold on his ability at the “next level” but he’s worth a spot on the short list.
The same could be said for walks/runs/cycling across states, provinces and countries. Done like dinner, with all due respects to pioneers like Canada’s hero, Terry Fox.
I always wanted one of those private keys.
- I'm not good at describing wines, not so good.
I looked like this:
The threads of His Holiness Dalai Llama horoscope weaving has wrapped us all from Ms Bonnie in Montana to us in Hyderabad and Goverdhan in Puttapaka ( a small weaving village).
When your technique is still in the works, you can get the most striking power if you do not bring the club back all the way behind you. Pulling your club too far back will prevent you from maintaining proper form through your swing and could cause an injury.
In truth, it was about the size of my thumb. But when you see something so wonderful and so unexpected, its presence distorts and focuses your perception. You'll have experienced something similar if you've ever photographed an animal in the wild, thinking it filled the viewfinder and yet the end result was as a disappointing dot on the horizon.
“David,” the teacher said, “this is Miss Samson, and she’d like you to go with her now.”
Any advice you could give me would be great. I apologize if I seem to be rambling but most of the ladies I am dancing with were either still in diapers or watching Barney in the 90′s and I was graduating high school.
The Air Force continues to search for the root cause of the unexplained physiological incidents using detailed data-collection methods, which will soon include centrifuge and high-energy testing. Hostage said he believes the command is making significant progress toward an answer; however, he emphasized that scientific testing and data collection take time.
Roused, Davy hollered, “Get out of my face! I’m trying to sleep!”
To see the changes of God, we have to fight for our marriage. To give the honor and the victory to King Jesus at all times. Your genuine actions in Christ can determine your spouse’s response to everything God has in store for the both of you. Trust that God will show up and show off His very nature (power).
So that’s what all of this is saying, one of the things I want to start writing about is mental illness, how I deal with it, what my problems are, and what I find online regarding the illness and how to cope with it. Maybe it will help somebody. Maybe there’s a reader out that who found – or will find – this blog and it will help them. I think we have already discovered by some of what I’ve written that I’m not completely “healthy.”
Perhaps the consultants need to spend less time on re-badging common sense as their own idea (TM), and more on challenging clients (c) and helping them deliver.
Never underestimate the power of Stone beer.
Over the years I've collected a very nice library of books on art, needlecraft, wood turning, paper art, and more. Sometimes I will just sit and look at the books, sometimes I'll come up close and read every title and try to see what I remember from inside each of the books. Every once in awhile there will be a book that I swear I never saw before, don't remember when I bought it. I'll look through the book as if looking at a stranger. Then, on one page, I'll see something that will jolt my memory, like a familiar glimmer in the "stranger"'s eye, and I'll remember.
On Oct 28th 2011
“Is this what being an adult is like?” he asks me, fresh from a frustrating 18th-birthday morning spent with his dad at the DMV at the bank, battling bureaucratic bullshit and accomplishing exactly nothing. We look at each other, John and I, and John says, “Pretty much.”
it is ironic that the VH1 show is called Basketball Wives because none of the women are actually married to any basketball players. It showcases a group of social climbing women who are not afraid to throw a punch at each other. The violence is appalling, but people still keep watching. Finally, one former viewer has started a petiton on change. org to stop the violence on the show and to stop VH! from starting the new show that will feature chief bully Evelyn Lozada. Here are the words from the petition: “Evelyn Lozada is a bully. The violence on “Basketball Wives” is horrible and disgraceful. Physical assaults, threats, verbal abuse, and harassment. VH1 is rewarding this behavior by giving Evelyn a spinoff. Don’t reward negative behavior. This is not a hate petition against Eveyln Lozada. We simply will not support violence. It hurts to see violence amongst women on television for entertainment purposes. It is not ok for women to hit each other on TV. Call or write Viacom who owns VH1. Let your voice be heard!
Just the idea of having my own little bookstore feels me with a joy that I can only compare to the thrill I got when I began to fantasize about making a living as an artist. Whenever I am inside an used bookstore I am also reminded of the old library at the boarding school I used to go to as a child.
That was until some accident would rip away a section of their false skin revealing the green reptilian scales beneath, and exposing the invaders true monstrous intentions.
If anyone knows of any card uglier than this one, by all means, share.
Fame and the trust of others did not change Cayce’s skepticism of his readings. It took two events to change his mind. In 1911, Cayce’s second son was born. However, the baby fell ill soon after its birth, and the doctors couldn’t do anything about it. Cayce agreed to consult the readings only after the doctors had completely given up hope. This time, he was not able to save his son. He regretted not having used his abilities earlier.
This could be because I'm keeping myself pretty busy.
“If any man could make me keep that appointment,” said Digby, “you’re the one. Oh, I shall be fit enough to travel by the eleventh! I’ll see Evans in any case, even if I have to miss my board meetings.”
I went a little crazy and decided to try them with tangerines and port wine. I just went nuts. I was inspired somewhat by my mother's delicious port-ginger cranberry sauce.
They say variety is the spice of life, if so, the magical hop will keep life very interesting...
Anyway, in June, we got busy on it and now there is room in there for us to work.
Davis’s presentation was very engaging, and I feel more prepared as both an intern and future PR/marketing professional.
I need to do this for me. And I also need to do this, because as I was heaving my lycra-clad buttocks out of the house tonight, the kids asked Daddy where I was going. When he told them, they protested, "But Mummy doesn't exercise!" Christian reminded them that Mummy did in fact exercise every day - that Mummy walked with them in the pram with the puppy dogs nearly every day. "But that's not proper exercise!", they chorused. (The fact that pushing both of the girls up hill in the double pram equates to pushing about 50 kilos obviously missed their pretty little heads, right?)
But even better were the unexpected fireworks sparkling up from somewhere on the far hill above the Danby Forest.
Unlike Rogernomics of the 1980s and 1990s however, when the working class was caught out by a Labour Government rushing through a massive privatisation agenda, this time round workers are less gullible. The NACTs arrogance in openly ripping off these assets has already drawn big protests over the theft of Auckland, mining and water rights.
The story recounts two Christmas events. On Ellis Island, children sang carols and patriotic anthems in glee and appreciation around two large trees bedecked with candles. Meanwhile, at the newly opened Ritz-Carlton at 46th and Madison, the children of wealthy New Yorkers gathered around an opulent tree with what is being described as holiday malaise. "Children in broadcloth and furs, accompanied by their mammas in silks and velvets and sables, smiled in well bred manner when something pleased them, but showed no other emotion."
If I were to compare the preparation of this to making say, Beef Rendang from scratch, the amount of time required is quite comparable actually — despite both dishes from two different cultures. It is a lot of work, but it also a lot of fun to cook along with a Le Cordon Bleu graduate. When we take reckless shortcuts, we also compromise quality — this is true in my first attempt. Sometimes, I don’t think of food preparation a chore, I think of it as a way to play with textures and flavours — just like how I would handle painting and drawing.
I am happy to announce that free ad swaps are available on Anything Imaginable!
ill find Paul again for the reunion she dreamt of for thirty years but in the thick of it you forget that, you feel her pain (I may have felt it more simply because I have maternal feelings). For me what Angela experienced is the worst pain possible, I could never give a baby away for adoption or listen to him cry and not be able to even hold him.
...then poured into glass serving dishes. Of couse, Panna Cotta can be poured into ramekins, and removed onto a plate for serving. I chilled these, overnight-- and that was hard. Because I really, REALLY wanted to taste one. But, I resisted. NOTE: What I liked about this technique, is that I did not use a water bath. This dessert took about 10 minutes to make. Easy, peasy. I like that.
Would you return and why?
They spent the first part of last month in Dunedin intensively workshopping design options for the campus.
Sep 05 Tacoma, WA (Review by Ninjarabi/LPU)
I went there about two weeks ago. It had been a long time since I had been there. Last time I was there, I was still a teenager. Part of the school curriculum – history lessons. Never noticed the architecture before. Museum has never been my favourite thing to see. I’ll rather be outdoors.
I will not publish the list, not through fear of reprisals. I mean once you have recieved a dozen death threats you do not care. And after seeing some time in Northern Ireland and being shot at by people who really meant to kill me not just scare me the threats of a brain dead red is water of a ducks back.
Today I have a non-Greek Recipe for you guys but we'll stay in the Mediterranean area, Morocco actually. Although the fresh avocado dip isn’t typically Moroccan, it really complements the chicken in an amazing way.. It's super easy to make and I can assure you that you will fall in love..
Of course Bonnie's flower would have to be difficult. I was being so careful with the thread because it was thread that was discontinued and Bonnie had loaned it to me to use for contrast on the the Reticule Purse (another complicated thing for me full of split chains). I decided I liked the stained glass look of Riet's, so wanted to use these colors with the black centers. After I finished the 1st flower I finally realized that it was size 10 thread instead of 20 so I pulled it all out. Then I found a similar color and started over.
-M
Demián Bichir, A Better Life
There is one thing. Pennsylvania's younger students, in middle schools, drink at a lower rate than nationally -- bravo, L.C. Bee. But they catch up by junior and senior year.
As Sam naps, Elliott plays Zelda and I blog, glancing often into my freshly painted insanity of a kitchen. It is actually quite awesome. Just needs some decor....
On a recent trip to New York City, Kevin and I visited Eli Zabar’s and picked up a loaf of their fantastic challah bread. After reserving a few slices to snack on plain, I got a hankering for french toast. We had a bag of granola in the cupboard from The Granola Factory, so I decided to whip up some crunchy french toast for us as a treat last weekend. The granola makes a delicious crust on the bread, and, instead of maple syrup, we topped ours with honey vanilla yogurt.
Workshop: 12:30 – 3 pm, Room 829, 8th floor
Chris then regaled us with tales of youthful devotion to a cute Irish lass and how he felt a little giddy – not from her Emerald charms but from the near cardiac arrest-inducing qualities of a traditional Irish Fry and Boxty such as was paired with the Kilkenny Irish Ale. It was up to James to provide some semblance of history/culture/context to a night that was fast becoming a series of stories of drinking and misspent youth.
The next day, Zach and I went up to the Nashville Temple. I love the spirit and the peacefulness that I feel in the temple; it was a great birthday treat to feel of my Savior's love for me. The Nashville Temple holds a special place in our heart since that is where we got married. Zach took me to The Cheesecake Factory for a late lunch. It was his first time, and I am so glad that he loved it as much as I do! We brought our dessert home and shared it with Carolyn and Bert after going to the pool with them and Nicholas.
**Readers, please note: This blog post has been sort of living in me for several months, and I don’t want you to think these feelings are specific to anyone I’m dating currently. These feelings are about everyone I’ve dated, no one I’ve dated and ultimately, the guy with which I’m going to spend my life. Whoever he is, wherever he is. This post is about where I am in the healing process.**
And then I hear another voice that gently speaks:
British parents told son is a health and safety risk because he's TOO TALL for nursery and will wear out equipment faster than smaller toddlers
What we find here, and throughout the scriptures, is this eternal thinking. For us, here on earth, mired with our day to day tasks of survival, it’s hard to do. What I know is that on that final day, that moment when we stand before the living God, the day of judgment we must all face, on that day what we think is important will suddenly change. No longer will getting that nice car matter, no longer will impressing those around us be important, for to God the only thing that is important is what we did for the Kingdom of God. But along with that we will be judged on what we did not do as well. There is a day of accountability, a day of judgment. The commonly preached concept that if you had an emotional experience at some point in your life and “accepted” Jesus as your savior, there is nothing to worry about, is a dangerous and false doctrine.
My only problem with Medium Fish campaigns is that it sets a kind of arbitrary cap on what PCs can do. This is fine in many contexts, but not in all of them. Furthermore, you run the risk of making your game ‘formulaic’ in the sense that PCs always know what to expect all the time. Medium Fish campaigns don’t always require the GM or players to think outside the box (we beat up the henchmen, we outwit/outlast/outnumber the big villain, we go home and party!). They are often great fun, granted, but they can get old after a while.
While Downey Jr., Evans, and Hemsworth have each already starred in films dedicated to their character, it’s Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye, Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, and Mark Ruffalo as Hulk who are the newest additions. Whedon takes extra care to ensure that the audience develops a connection to the new guys and does it without monopolizing screen time. Each actor is allowed to dig into their characters and each completely shines onscreen. Renner is able to show off his excellent archery as Hawkeye and Johansson takes down a group of Russian criminals all while tied to a chair. They both prove that they could each easily succeed in a film dedicated to their characters.
Patient culture, traditionally, was about respect for physicians, some degree of personal responsibility, and a recognition that docs do the best we can but, regardless, sometimes people stay sick and die. Maybe this is a ‘rose colored glasses’ view of a halcyon past. It is certainly not the reality of patient culture today: physicians are regularly disrespected, personal responsibility is a joke and if things don’t go perfectly, a lawsuit is waiting right around the corner (again, there are obviously exceptions, but it is a cultural trend). This cultural shift is made possible due to something that Brooks points out in his op-ed piece. We see the obnoxious, jerkoff patient being treated quickly, without complaint and for free by the providers and this gives other patients the signal that this behavior is somehow OK. The behavior of our neighbors, previously not tolerated, is accepted, and it becomes a cultural norm.
A mind thinking of your smile,
palm
Hello Everyone
"Unschooling has been moving steadily into the mainstream awareness in the last few years. I've seen a marked increase in people talking about unschooling since I started paying attention to that type of thing a few years ago. But never have I seen this level of attention."
debt + or = debtor
Finally, at the end of a long day the headman's wife sees that we are flagging. Grabbing a passing grandchild by the arm she gives rapid fire instructions in Khmer and then grins toothily at me. The boy scampers off into the wilderness beyond the house and comes back clutching a panga knife and a pair of fresh green mangoes. Whilst his granny prepares these for us- paring them into strips and serving them with a dish of chili and salt for dipping - he scoots up a palm tree and swiftly dispatches a handful of coconuts. She opens these with the strength and dexterity of a much younger woman and serves them with pride. Its a pretty good way to quench your thirst.
In early 2003, just before the Statute of Limitations would expire, the charges against the fugitive wanted in Mr. Kobayashi’s death were moved up to “Murder”.
The Junior Committee and Dance/NYC will use these findings, along with Dance/NYC’s other research, to continue advocating for professionals working in the field. As stated in JComm’s mission we strive to “strengthen and unite a community of professional artists and administrators; provide a forum for dialogue among diverse perspectives; and re-energize our peer group in a challenging field.” We are 20 individuals between the ages of 21-35 who work in a variety of capacities throughout the field –artists, administrators, educators, and advocates. Our strength lies in our member’s various points of view, a shared passion for the development of the profession, and 20 individuals willing to work.
I’m one of the kids they brought in from the home
From the crashing waves appeared a figure, large and shaggy. It skulked out of the ocean, unaffected by the power and force of the waves surging around it. At first it was hard to make out. Even with the sky so light up, the distance between the house and the shore made it hard to make out the finer details but once it cleared the water and padded up onto the beach Maria could clearly see what it was. It was a wolf, but nothing like any wolf she had ever seen in her picture books or heard of in the stories her mother and father would tell her. This wolf was much larger and its fur was shiny white. It was soaked with sea water and the light from the moon shown all across it making it seem as if it were glowing. The wolf stood there on the shore just beyond the water for a long while, looking out into the island with its back still turned from the sea. It suddenly reared its head and gave out a howl that seemed to echo out into the night, farther even that the sound of the waves. It drowned out all other sounds and, for a time, was the only thing to be heard. This startled Maria, causing her to jump back, less from fear and more because of the sheer intensity of the sound.
Always use some type of exfoliation product, which will help to remove old skin cells and other debris and particles from your skin. This will expose the healthy cells and rid your body from the old ones.
“The Lord is my shepherd” acknowledges my weakness and my need for a heavenly caregiver. Every child delights in Psalm 100. Who doesn’t want to “Shout to the Lord”? “Don’t be upset with evil people” comforts all of us because we struggle with wickedness that stems from others in our lives. “Sing to the Lord” speaks of the joy that the Lord wants us to experience.
I love vintage finds. For me they represent history. Admittedly just a fragment of it and on a day to day level. But I like to muse over a particular item, trying to guess where it was used, when, by whom - and sometimes – for what.
Maintenance is very critical especially with the fact that it prepares aircrafts for flights by keeping them safe, in working order also ensuring passenger comfort, maximum utilization and maintaining good form on the aircrafts. Some larger airlines not only provide this maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) service internally but also sell this service to other airlines. This is also a source of profit if a company can invest enough time and capital to excel at MRO services.
She is 29.25 inches tall about 50th percentile.
That GTO must have been there for what seemed like months.
Since December I have struggled to stick to this simple plan but have slowly gotten used to it. I have succumbed to using conditioner on several occasions out of pure laziness to deal with the tangles but for the most part I have stuck with it.
The animated version requires Adobe After Effects CS3 or higher. The download includes a screencast with detailed user guide.
Soon, Sarah falls deeply in love with Evan and wants nothing more than to follow her heart, but she can't ignore the lingering feeling that Evan is hiding a terrible secret. The deeper she digs, the more danger she faces, forcing her to face the darkest, innermost parts of her soul.
“Fellowship with those who love Him—interdenominational spiritual fellowship, through which we hope not for organic unity, but to realize our Lord’s prayer for spiritual unity, that all who believe in Him may be one.
Employers need to know that you are applying for the job because you have the relevant skills and experiences on offer. They will not want be impressed that your sole motivation revolves around the salary and how much annual leave is on offer.
You’re now set to encrypt and decrypt with GnuPG.
Oh it couldn’t be that my sweet saving cups of yummy joe
Well, it has definitely been a little while since my last stitching update, partly due to me losing my stitching bug. It ran away and has taken a little while to return, but I'm pleased to say that I am getting there slowly :)
Gregory: Didn’t you hate George Bush like
Continuing the theme of Graphic Non-Fiction, I offer for your consideration 5 books with 4 subjects.
There will be either 62 or 63 breweries in the show, with over 900
WHAT THA FUCK!? Dear god/universe, why don’t you send Zeus again! Please!? Three months ago when he threw his lightning bolt at our house, he missed me.
The WHO and its partners have set two goals for 2025: eliminating mortality from preterm births in countries where the rate of preterm birth is now less than 5 per cent, and cutting mortality by half where it is 5 per cent or more.
This is my first Challenge as the new guild master and I chose Valentines as the theme. Many of us will be making Valentines items in preparation for Valentines Day anyway, and hopefully the Challenge will bring added attention to all those pieces.
Hair: Arbre-Pop Moton - Vive9
Every blister on her heart, burst inside her..
Venus Venusissimest. (Milford's edition of The Poetical Works of Leigh Hunt, 1923, p.469)
You stare at the screen, brush your fingers across the computer keys, but still, nothing comes to you. You look at some outlines, maybe at the schedule you’ve set for yourself, but still… nothing comes. Whatever you planned to work on today has suddenly lost its excitement for you. You’re starting to get scared.
But this much I do know. When Newt starts taking little shots like this at Fox News,…
Aside from that, things have been going pretty well. I've started watching "How I Met Your Mother" from the beginning because I got really tired of watching reruns all the time and having these crazy reactions like...Wait, Ted was engaged?! Barney and Robyn dated?! Lily's pregnant?!
The kind that severs all ties to the one you long to see
Then, as soon as it’s begun, Punch-Drunk Love ends at a very brisk 95 minutes (literally half the length of its predecessor). The audience is left with a touching moment of romantic reconnection that is undermined somewhat by its fleeting nature, the slightly off-kilter emotional states of its two partners, and the larger sense that—in this film—our most intense feelings of affection are as often savage (physically, verbally) as they are reassuring. So, what to make of this “romantic comedy” in the end? Its sincere displays of affection are marred just beneath its surface by a cold, unresolved, vision of a lonely life within an alienating consumer world, and of people’s emotional imbalances, while its considerable humor seems often to instead reflect and reinforce profound feelings of sadness. And, throughout all this, at no point does Anderson cheat narratively or thematically by telling us what to think or feel. There is no “but it did happen;” there are no grand speeches about regret, or not wanting to die.
Wompaholics (Tampa)
The ABSD has dissuaded foreign buyers, but it’s channelled demand into the rental market. Foreigners are now pushing rental income to new heights, and that’s led to property speculation (shoebox flats anyone?) Likewise, the cash over valuation (COV) of resale flats is now less realistic than Transformers 2.
But everyday, my mind fights against it. It wants to consume everything it can. As if I deserve it. As if all that matters in the world is what I get. So I have to fight it. For a while I was very strict about it. But I also realized what happens when you never take a break and allow yourself to have something that you have restricted for a while. It helps to take days off every now and then and indulge yourself in the things that raise your spirits.
If schools ever figure these things out, they will be on the right track and maybe on their way to earning my support; whether that is before or after monkeys fly out of my butt is highly uncertain, but likely "after" based on the current trajectory.
I am deeply entrenched in edits and have a major deadline coming up, so I will be off the blog until June. At that time, I'll have a great giveaway based on the poll results. It'll be worth the wait!
Image: Belles n Whistles "Belle Vacuuming" Designed by Elisabeth Bell
I left all my baking stuff in Toronto so I had to improvise. First mistake, baking a HUGE cake in a 9 by 13 inch pan. The outside was almost crispy and the middle was still in liquid form. I think the cake took something like 90 minutes to bake I'm extremely impatient.
This is accompanied throughout childhood and into adulthood by a constant barrage of propaganda forced upon us day and night through our entertainment and news media. Not only are we relentlessly confronted with depictions of the same fake history with which our children are being indoctrinated, but also a fake present, depicted in popular drama, entertainment and through the heavily sanitised and selective spin which now passes for news.
When I watch hockey, I knit. The two go together like peanut butter and jelly, like vanilla ice cream and Hershey’s chocolate syrup, like hamburgers and French fries. Why am I suddenly hungry? LOL But knitting while watching hockey requires the knitting to be of the mindless sort, something that doesn’t require concentration or much attention. The action in hockey is pretty non-stop, which is very different from, say, football in which a play is run, then there is a break in the action before the next play. In hockey, the action stops only if the puck goes out of play, a goal is scored, a penalty occurs, the goalie loses his mask, the net is knock off its moorings, or a fight breaks out. And for those of you who think that there is a lot of fighting in hockey, um, NO. The number of fights in NHL games has been dropping dramatically and will probably continue to do so. The teams are so competitive now that they don’t have room on their rosters for fighting specialists. I am hopeful that the NHL is moving toward banning fighting. Oh, I enjoy a good hockey fight as much as the next fan, but I really don’t think fighting belongs in the sport. The “benefits” of fighting are far outweighed by the detriments, in my opinion.
Designer: “Oh f… Beep Beep!”
You guys/girls are not gonna believe this, I ask that you pray for this group that I’m about to mention … please ask that the message that they are being taught be removed and pray that God does a work on their hearts.
the earth
this was a huge worry for the town,once again.
The amount of coverage needed will vary from one family to another. It can also vary depending on where in life a person is when he or she takes out the policy. A newly married couple, young in age, will normally need less life insurance coverage than a middle-aged couple with a home mortgage and student loans that need to be paid off. Then again, a high earning young couple may need more life insurance than a middle-aged couple if the high-earning couple needs to replace one of the incomes lost through death. As you can see, coverage is dependent on many issues and aspects, some of which are hard to explore without the aid of a qualified life insurance agent.
As the CEI report underscores, the compliance cost of regulation is larger than all corporate pretax profits in 2008 and dwarfs the estimated 2010 individual income tax receipts by nearly 50%.
Hop Head Red - Green Flash Brewing
"Maybe because I'm eight months pregnant and I don't want to cook the baby," I answered. No wait, I didn't say that, but maybe I did in my head. I totally did in my head.
I think it's the important question, all of us who struggle with weight should ask ourselves...
Dexter Fletcher plays the young Caravaggio, cocky and swaggering and sexually frank, somewhere in between a painter and a hustler, offering himself as an "art object" (this postmodern phrase the first of Jarman's purposeful anachronisms) as much as his paintings. Perhaps for this reason, he soon earns the attention of the prominent Church official Cardinal Del Monte (Michael Gough), who seems to appreciate him as much for his cocksure eroticism as for his equally sensual paintings. Jarman cuts fluidly between the scenes with Fletcher and the later scenes with Nigel Terry as the mature painter. With his hard, flashing eyes and chiseled face, Terry is an electrifying presence, delivering a performance that consistently hints at and develops the depths of Caravaggio's turbulent character. The film is about art as looking, art codified in the gaze, and Terry's gaze has an impossible intensity and ferocity.
I could be mad at them, and I am. They are both really special kinds of assholes.
The farther I headed down Geary, the closer I got to Russia. Ever since I can remember as an adult, random Russians (and probably Ukranians, too) have come up to me to ask me something, maybe the time, directions. But in Russian, not English. It used to make me laugh and was always a little surprising. How did they know? I grew up in San Jose. Sometimes I would ask, after explaining I didn't understand the question, and if they spoke English, they said they could tell I was one of them from my nose, my lips. My facial features gave me away.
Except this.
File size: 76Mb
Another aspect of the movie that should prove to make things interesting is star Brad Pitt’s recent admission to British newspaper The Daily Mail that “It’s shameful how little I know about baseball.” The actor went on to relate that his past sports experience, which includes brief interludes (in high school) as a wrestler and diver, never included a foray into America’s Pastime. “I’m amazed they let me do this movie. Baseball and I didn’t get along that well.”
Bethesda is INDEED making a The Elder Scrolls Online game, set for a 2013 launch. This obviously means they’ve been working on it for a few years in secret, as just shoving a game this huge out the door (even with a year’s notice) isn’t something one can do casually. This news arrived much to the bouncy glee of many MMO fans who somehow have mastered the ability to play multiple time-killing group-based grind-fests and still be able to work for a living (and maybe have actual relationships). Of course, the TES universe does indeed make for a wonderful place to venture around, as Bethesda has been the sole owner of the lands of Tamriel since day one and hell, who better to get the game out than these guys, right?
A sweater — the sweater with the embroidered flowers at the lower right of the picture above — plays a central role in the story. Mom called it “The Tyrolean Model.”
By then it was going on 2pm.
When Life Isn't Sweet Enough Candy Pie
Trembling, I returned the painting.
to be careful cause
ABV: 7%
I'm also a bit uncouth, really, because I'll have red wine with just about any dish. I don't ignore the 'accompanying wine' recommendations, but I do love a glass of red.
“Thanks for your time, and keep that ear to the ground,” I say, turning toward the next residence on the street. It’s the home of a guy about my age, maybe a mailman or a UPS driver, or maybe just a pressed shorts enthusiast. In case he’s a “fed,” I’m careful how I present myself, lest he think I’m on the same gravy train he is and invites me to spend the afternoon sipping tea on his deck.
The stock market rally has stalled the last four sessions and with this morning’s futures almost flat (As of 8:50am EST). Can we break through what looks like a glass ceiling of price resistance? Let’s look at some of other indicators for evidence.
These are good questions.
And here's another link to an interview I did over at Forgetting the Time with Annie - who is also giving away a free copy of the paperback (not sure if this is UK only - you'd better double check with her before chucking your hat into the ring).
Bonus points
VICTIMS OF ATOS CORRUPTION
Many Of Boring on the other hand is just expensive orchestra that hogs the sound layered over some uninspired drivel. If that's what people want though then they might as well have it. The funny part to all of this comes from a little TV show I've never had the misfortune of watching called X-Factor. I'm sure some of you will know what it is.
The Healing Service in St Andrew’s Cathedral in Sydney has been operating almost every Wednesday night for the last 51 years. In that time thousands of people have received various degrees of physical, emotional and spiritual healing. There are also hundreds of other healing services in Australia and overseas where people receive prayer and later testify to healings received. What are the common factors behind them all?
We got in an inner and outer circle. A man would tell us to move after 2 or 3 minutes. Word to the wise―don’t get next to someone who won’t follow the rules! Some people will only move when they’re good and ready. It was amazing how much trouble we all had moving to the right.
I don't know how many pictures but all my cards and photo's of my granddaughter, cats, husband, work etc etc were on it.
P.S. I’ve asked my mum to put up a quick post on my blog a few days after the operation, just to indicate how things have gone
But as a, for instance, twice weekly autumnal indulgence - there can be few better candidates in the world of British beer.
Hint: If you're Anti-SOPA mentioning Ron Paul and Google isn't go to help you persuade me.
And that's the end of the read-along! I'm kind of sad that it's over, but I'm glad that we still have the sequel to look forward to. (Maybe we'll have a read-along for that too?)
Glenn Frey The heat is on US
We had a great turnout last week. I know we are all getting busy with the holidays upon us. I hope you will be sure and share what you are working on for the holidays. I am busy getting tables ready for next week and then of course I have to clean the house good. Don't won't any dust bunnies floating across the floor now do we?
So I absolutely loved this curry. Its not really your traditional thick creamy curry, its more soupy and light. I loved it and so did the little guy. Carl however didnt love it, but he liked it. He just likes the more cramy thick currys better...This recipe is from Mels Kitchen Cafe.
My daughter had her oldest daughter Faith for weekend. So they called and left him a birthday message on the machine, while he was sleeping and I was out. He wants to figure out how to upload or record it to the computer so he can post it to his blog.
While i've been out, the school district has done a major overhaul and has not only eliminated a shit ton of jobs, they also were able to get a proposition passed that will eliminate a shit ton more.
I don't want to go on and on about Michael Symon, I did that enough yesterday, but I DO want to share a little story.
When I was sixteen, I was especially grateful for my status as a virgin when my best friend, Maxine, was harassing her ex to drive her to the supermarket and pitch in for a pregnancy test. She’d had a pregnancy scare shortly after they endured an ugly breakup. She was worried and stressed. She was only fifteen when she lost her virginity. I remember the day she told me that she lost her virginity. It was before the first bell rang for first period. She met up with me on the stairs.
Our plane left Kansas City at 8:00 am. We flew from there to Dallas. And then from Dallas to Honolulu. I've never been on such a large plane before. And never such a long flight. 8 1 /2 hours from Dallas to Honolulu. It was painful. I watched two entire movies, a handful of TV shows, played lots of solitaire, and started a new novel. After 4 hours my behind went numb. All was well though. Because. I was going to Hawaii!
When she was 5, I enjoyed taking her to the Barbie movie and to little girls' tea and all that. But, it's immensely enjoyable to spend time with my 12-year-old. Still mostly a little girl... but heavy doses of the young woman she's becoming peeping out more and more.
-What authors would you say inspired you? Please don’t feel restricted by the titles you’ve mentioned.
Wipe the pan out with a paper towel, then put one of your flatbread on the bottom. Cover with half your corn mix, then as much shredded chicken as you want/have. Sprinkle a good handful of cheese over the top, and a bit of coriander if you like it, parsley if you don't.
STEPH: How does the cover reflect the story within?
What do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula? –Timon (The Lion King)
Ah. Taxi.
Now we have the Occupy movement encouraging the same kind of strike on the same day. And it’s not just a coincidence–they are actively advocating uncivil disobedience and, more or less, anarchy. And it’s clear that they are rebelling with the history of the Haymarket Riots and May Day in mind when they yell their favorite chant: “An-ti, an-ti-ca-pi-ta-li-sta!”
Today’s been CRAZY busy for me. Between the move of offices at the day job, tearing down the recording studio in the old office and prepping the new booth and talking with Human Resources…well let’s just say on a vocational level, I’m drained! It’s days like today I’m glad I work out in the morning: leaves me no excuses on the drive home!
“You drew my attention yesterday morning with the cat face on.” he said, like stating a truth he was holding in himself.
Dirty Water Conditions as Seasonal Currents Swirl, Striped Marlin and Dorado Appear at the Tres Marias, Blue Water past El Banco
And He healed them… Jesus has not changed. His plan for you is that you live a long-span of life. Have faith in the Lord’s ability to make people well. List to what the word says… Acts 10:38 (KJV) “How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.”
Wipe away the tears and hand me the OSCAR.
Saint Cittinus’ eyes fluttered open.
Every time I eat a bag of potato chips I think of Fukushima. This 12-ounce bag of chips has 3500 picoCuries of gamma radiation in it, and the number of bags I eat a year gives me a dose as high as what I would receive living in much of the evacuated zones around Fukushima. But unlike the Fukushima refugees, I get to stay in my home. We live in a nuanced world of degree. Eating a scoop of ice cream is fine, eating a gallon at one time is bad. Jumping off a chair is no big deal; jumping off a cliff is really stupid. The numbers matter. It’s the dose that makes the poison. There is a threshold to everything.
One foot in front of the other. That’s what I tell myself as I head down the trail to the driveway. He didn’t mean it. He’ll be back in our room later tonight, crawling into my bed just like he always does when he hurts my feelings. We have a pact. Nothing will ever come between us. I have to believe that or I’m going to start crying.
A musical pre-show of live harpsichord music will begin fifteen minutes prior to every performance.
I want to let go. I need to let go. I cant control this.
- Large capacity
So there! ;)
Basically the lesson is: There’s always a mishap when I’m involved. Sigh. Soon I will hear back from the library, and maybe the whole survival episode will be worth it. Perhaps I shall soon be writing you as a newly-minted minimum-wage slave!
All figures, unless otherwise stated, are from YouGov Plc.
Smith says over time, people get to know his online persona. They view his profile, chat with him and come to trust him. These followers are happy to respond with interviews, article ideas, and opinions about current trends.
The point of this post, though, is to make my own list of the most useful materials by and about Celan available at present to any reasonably enterprising English-speaking reader.
Live, Love, Laugh and Create !
We ate at a cafe halfway down the square from the Victor Hugo museum; I ordered a Croque Monsieur, an item from my list of top to-eat items in Paris. Check! No photo, though – we were hungry and I forgot about my camera until we finished eating.
Howdy all! This is my second post today, if you're here for Suzanne's birthday hop keep scrolling down or click HERE.
But down here, amidst this abundant nowhere, we are suddenly vulnerable; our relationship to the land has changed. Lost is the distant objectivity of observing the world from above, just as a pilot’s feelings about wind, storms, and icy clouds change forever when he first takes to the skies.
palatable, he became more determined than ever to
Let's Get It On - Lloyd Charmers (Marvin Gaye)
and set off to look for him.
There was no tear gas in Belgrave Square today, but plenty of dripping umbrellas amid a sea of banners and masks, worn by students determined to defy threats and menaces that they could lose their grants if seen to support Bersih 3!
Pregnant women and new mums are among the most vulnerable people around, emotionally and physically. If you find yourself turning to these message boards for advice, tread carefully. While they provide great support and excellent information, there are vipers lurking.
The Butterfly Visions set helps create a romantic feel for your special day. The square invitation has a white background with a subtle flower pattern dotted with sweet butterflies. Through the center is a band of color to highlight your names and the date of your wedding. This set has invitations, save the date cards, response cards, thank you cards, table number tent cards, envelope seals, wine labels, binders, and return address labels available.
“I suddenly realized,” she said, “I had the answer right there before me. People don’t want to think about their bank. Then I knew I had the strategy: Bank of Whatever-It-Was. It’s the bank you don’t have to think about.”
The Reasons Behind the Popularity of Ladies Diamond Watches
So this card here is what I tossed together ..... super fast. Lavender is Kim's favorite color so I dug through my scraps and found BG's Wisteria to use for the back panels. The layout is not mine; I've seen many cards at SCS and Blogspot using this same layout so I think it may have been a challenge somewhere at some time.
I could have ignored these flaws because I don’t mind a little silliness in my romance. What I am looking for is that feeling of vicarious excitement. The sex scenes certainly provided but it wasn’t quite enough. Half the fun for me is the flirtation, the anticipation before they ever reach the bedroom. But there was just a bit of “does he like men?” “does he realize that I like men?” before they were off to bed. It makes you feel that anyone might do as long as they had the right inclinations.
Luckily, Brisbane’s audience picks up the pieces and gives great enthusiasm for “She.” Three of Green Day’s most popular recent songs “21 Guns,” “American Idiot,” and “Wake Me Up When September Ends” follow. Like everything preceding these tracks, Green Day remains full of fun and energy after playing these songs essentially nonstop for the past seven years. Hearing the entire audience sing the opening chorus, “Don't want to be an American Idiot/Don't want a nation under the new media/And can you hear the sound of hysteria?/The subliminal mind fuck America” is beyond amazing. It honestly doesn’t get any better than that.
An important clause to really dig in and change.
I share my tutorial on the first day.
On the other hand, if you are from Cleveland, you are calling in on some talk show and saying, “If you don’t @#$$% like it, then @#(*& leave it!” Hang in there – the story doesn’t end here.
More info about everything later. How to join the guild, new content for the blog, new stuff about KMS, all coming in my next post! Thanks for reading.
- Sometimes a review will be favourable or bad depending on what a rival publication has written.
"What doesn't?" Dr. Brighton asks, bouncing her own stack of paper on the desk to create a perfectly-formed pile. Her calm, collected demeanor almost frightens Samantha.
I so miss creating!
I violated my only remaining personal belief and planted on Sunday. I did got to church first. We had an excellent sermon but I find I can't remember a word of it this morning. Other than I missed a rousing talk by a really interesting fellow who I wanted to visit when I was in Costa Rica years ago and parts of the sermon were from his talk.
The morning after he was gone, no trace
If I forget about the last 5 minutes or so, It would have even a really great end.
The lucky winner will receive:
And all around you
“Befitting his siege mentality, Ailes housed his newsroom in a bunker. Reporters and producers at Fox News work in a vast, windowless expanse below street level, a gloomy space lined with video-editing suites along one wall. In a separate facility on the same subterranean floor, Ailes created an in-house research unit – known at Fox News as the ‘brain room’ – that requires special security clearance to gain access. The brain room is where the evil resides. It’s where Willie Horton came from.”
In a mixing bowl combine water, yeast, sugar and oil. Let sit until frothy. Add in the remaining ingredients (flour 1 C at a time). You know when you have added enough flour when the dough cleans the side of the mixing bowl. Knead for about 5 minutes. The dough will be slightly tacky, don't add too much flour, or you will have tough rolls. Divide the dough in half (wrap the half you aren't using in plastic wrap to keep it from drying out. Roll out into a rectangle 1/4" thick. (roughly 12X8) spread the dough with butter (leaving the far long edge free from toppings at least 3/4" wide) Sprinkle liberally with cinnamon sugar and top with raisins and chopped walnuts. Roll up from the long end closest to you and pinch seam closed. Make evenly spaced markings as a guide to cut into 12 even pieces. Use a long piece of unflavored dental floss to cut the rolls. Slide the floss under the log to the mark you've made. Cross the ends and pull to cut through the dough... no more squished sides! Arrange on one half of a lined jelly roll pan, cut side up and cover with plastic wrap while prepping the second half of the rolls. I put these in my cold garage to keep them from raising too fast.
But let’s look at this from one other angle. Doesn’t it seem reasonable that if baptisms for the dead were truly God’s way, then it’s a significant thing? Forgetting or not baptizing the dead as the Mormon’s teach would cost someone their salvation, or so we’re led to believe by LDS doctrine. That’s an incredible statement if true! If it were a practice of the early church, and a teaching of Jesus Christ that Paul taught as well, shouldn’t it have appeared somewhere else in scripture? Perhaps Paul just wasn’t that concerned about the dead. And perhaps Jesus had better things to do.
Batu Kawa branch in its meeting a couple of months ago had also proposed Lim. It also forwarded the name of its branch chairman and former Batu Kawah assemblyman Tan Joo Phoi.
Kissinger used to be a Nazi hunter in the 4os-50s (even though he was a Nazi collaborator himself, but he led to US and British to a 30 billion dolalr cache of hidden gold if he could be spared war crime prosecution). He found early clone tech when he tracked down a Nazi in Uruguay who had been working on the tech, and was a former pal of his during the war. He knew about the research and wanted the US gov to finish the research and give him new bodies…several times Kissinger has been attacked and bombed, lost limbs, eyes, etc….he just moves his soul into a freshly grown clone and he is as good as new.
Really, this project was insanely simple. From start to finish was all of about 10 minutes, including taking pictures along the way.
WEIGHTS
People buy certain vehicles for a reason!
The issue is still under debate. These beings may choose to explore elsewhere for a home, or take Mercury as a new home.
Meanwhile more and more of Africa floods towards Cape Town, the fastest growing city. We are continually treated to foolish articles telling us Cape Town is still too white, is still not African enough. No one seems to stop and consider that since Cape Town is growing faster than anywhere else, this is clearly what is most valued and wanted.
+ It is removed very easily with Bioderma, or any other eye makeup remover of your choice.
Of course, that ignores the grime, the pollution, the people who avoid eye contact on the tube, the sheer drag of the commute day after day.
bless all the many lovers who are handfasting…
3. Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
My amazing aunt spent an afternoon helping me with the stripes and arranging furniture...she actually has the patience to use an eyeliner brush to paint along the corners and baseboards?!? (I see where my mutant OCD gene originates.) The walls are slightly textured, so I was concerned about getting a clean line on the stripes. But Frog Tape didn't let me down! I pressed the edges down firmly before painting, and peeled the tape off immediately after the final coat.
Finally, a Greek-Canadian friend of mine living in Israel now sent me an interesting Hareetz article, Greece, Cyprus to advance Israeli power line to Europe (h/t, Jimmy):
The Winter of Our Discontent by John Steinbeck. Sure, Of Mice and Men, The Red Pony, and The Grapes of Wrath get all the attention and accolades. But this book is my favorite by Steinbeck. The machinations of a good man using questionable means to rise to the expectations of others are brilliantly conceived and executed. And I love a good redemption story.
Jimmy was also featured on yahoo.com Photo 1 and Photo 2. The pictures on here are very small and it says Marines BUT I know it is him. I could pick Jimmy out in a wears waldo book.hehe I can tell from gear, the helo and also there was another picture of one of his best friends as well. He doesn't really toot his own horn so as you can see I am tooting it for him. I'm soo proud!
Haven't had the real pleasure of blasting through long highways with these guys yet since Brutus breathed his last but I am compelled to call them my boys. True to the rebel persona and away from the usual black leather vest wearing monotony of the majority, the Monkeys are a class of their own.
we left them in for too long.
I really can’t even describe how strange this scene is – not with just still pictures. She confronts him after his fight with the two goons and asks what happened, and then he…hypnotizes her, I guess, to start making out and screwing him right there on the spot. It’s less “sexy” and more “incredibly uncomfortable and creepy.” Mostly just makes you feel like you need a shower.
lame excuses
Mistaken, always second guessing, underestimated
Driver-friendly and Simple operation
Everybody knows that it's me or you
* Location of each participant is necessary so that I will know who qualifies to win the Hurst Bean prize, shipped to U.S. residents only. If you don't want your location published in the round-up, please indicate this in your email so that I can maintain your privacy.
Lilac had a pretty rough meet-up with the pavement directly after showing off some of her new biking skills. Fat lip, smashed nose, skinned knee.
This process does not lead to a good night's sleep, either for the sniffer or for her bedmate.
At dinner I finally had a chance to speak to another Costa Rican staying in the household that is studying at a local university here. Actually, I wouldn’t exactly call it talking since he speaks no English, and I speak no Spanish…it was more like a game of Shrades for Dummies: Foreign Edition. I did manage to learn he is from Guanacaste, which is a city on the coast of Costa Rica that has all of the luxe resorts and many of the country’s best beaches. I also learned he is studying architecture, which is quite swell. I tried to tell him I’m studying business but the only way I could get him to understand is through doing the *put money into your pocket* hand notion. I’ll tell you more about this mysterious fellow as I continue digging and improving my Spanish.
110When, warm in youth, I bade the world farewell?
The agent scoured a map of the state of New York and finally offered, “You don’t mean Buffalo, do you?”
- Part time holiday work – even if it’s not relevant to your course, this can help to boost universal skills such as customer service.
Me: And yet beer and wine are just fine.
I love corn dogs…. OOOHHH Man, do I love corn dogs. I can barely stand walking by a Hot Dog on a Stick stand without feeling a little piece of me die knowing I shouldn’t be eating corn dogs on Weight Watchers. But you know what made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside today? Rebecca brought me a re-heated mini corn dog from her dinner last night at Cheesecake Factory. Even re-heated it was delicious. Without even thinking twice about it, I started looking up how to make a corn dog, but figured, I better make them mini for “points value purposes.” I totally rocked my own socks off with this recipe.
Monday 6th Feb, I've spent the day thinking about how I'm going to ask my boss for 6 weeks off work when the post arrived. It was my new employers handbook, with it was a letter outlining my holiday entitlements for 2012.... 95.8 hours... yep that's right.... 6.8 weeks... all I've got to do now is ask if I can have them all together!!!
WILSON, Bruce Cameron May 21st,1958 June 19th, 2011 Passed away unexpectedly and too soon. Bruce was born in Vancouver and resided at 8049 Angus Drive with his loving family. He graduated from Magee High School before studying further in France, California and back to UBC.
Total time: 139:34
I saw this book recently at Target and it looks so cute! I love their show on TLC so I know that I'd like their book as well. It has all sorts of personal stories alongside numerous recipes. It looks like a good read!
Mel felt as a man he had to support Kathy. Actually, he was a fine “house husband,” a good cook and housekeeper. Kathy was fine with supporting Mel financially, but Mel was horrified at the idea.
Smack My Bitch Up
MM and I tackled and made a decent dent in the enormous task of sorting through and archiving items at the house on Arapahoe. Our goal is to get the house ready to sell although we've lots more to do before that can happen. She was here for 10 days and we worked together most days; sometimes for 8-10 hours at a time, sometimes for just a few hours in the evening. I had three full days OFF of work to really dig in. MM took hundreds of photographs from furniture and wall hangings to treasured family dinnerware, decorative plates, and crystal; the basis for a master spreadsheet for the extended family to view and choose what they might like to inherit. We also donated at least four carloads of stuff to charity and generated bags of trash and recycling, Hand sorting and making a decision about every single item is emotionally draining. Hauling box after box of archived family papers and photographs into the car and then into my basement was physically exhausting. The work was important. We knew this down to the bone.
Like it or not, some people will always be offended by something.
Along with this birth group there were sub group, with babies that were born in a certain week. This is were I met my Watermelon Seeds. What a fantastic group of ladies they are! Always uplifting, supportive. Great advice givers and always a friend, even when you feel alone. I honestly can not imagne life without my Watermelon Seed, my girls, my friends! Years has come and gone. Our babies will be five this summer and if anything we are now closer then we ever were. There are a few Watermelon Siblings here now, and some on the way! We can share on those frustration and joys now as well! Some day we will meet and that will be one fun day! I can not wait to see these dear friends that have been there for me through these years. From Africa, to Texas to Massachusetts.. it's not easy to plan a meeting but it will be done and when we do get together, then watch out world!! :)
But what is the difference anyway with reading literature on an android compare to the unappealingly sad and cumbersome qualities of reading it on the computer screen, you might ask. Nothing, except that my selling out has come full circle. Yep, I won’t make even excuses for it–reading literature on an android is below the belt. It’s downright tasteless and unforgivable.
"It's okay Neil. I heard old age does that to you. Makes you forgetful," I teased him. "I still appreciate it."
Waterloo
The book doesn't just show you how to milk a cow (your cow of course), it gives you an ideal layout of a home dairy, and all the basic recipes for what to do with the milk. Directions are there for how to grow your own grain for either bread, or even brewing, including the steps of how to malt and brew with barley.
dear bird,
- Need ink? Printer Epson?
Reich: thank for your loaded question and
The argument against compulsory voting is that it infringes upon our rights. Personally, I feel that this argument is flimsy. There are several things that the government – whether local or federal – requires us to do. We’re required to sign up for selective service. We’re required to pay taxes. We’re required to serve on juries. And there are always caveats to these laws and people who flout the system, but on the whole, the majority of people participate in these activities. In addition, each citizen should only be required to register and show up on Election Day, they have no requirement to vote for a specific candidate, or vote for any candidate at all. There should be options to either write in a person’s own selection, or to completely abstain and select something like “I do not wish to vote”. This would give people who have a moral (or religious) opposition to the voting or political process a chance to withhold their active participation. And for those who say that they don’t want to participate because the system is broken, what is a better way to change the system than participate. The system is what the system is, and if we can’t completely overhaul it, isn’t it better to be able to change it from within.
But than you'll have to move to Dalmatia, not a bad idea at all, even for sun loving lazy seaside tourists :-).
Rinne has ability to see spirits. Due to that unique talent, she’s unable to make friends. The same thing happens to Uzaki Masaharu, the yankee in her class. One day, Rinne was aftering a spirit when a truck passed in front of her. Thank God Uzaki was there to save her. But, he gets his soul out his body because of that. He’s not dead, but the soul can’t return. Seeing that opportunity, a funky God called Keiju possessed Uzaki’s body and turns him to be the school’s cassanova.
A certain gal famous for super fast meals makes a fancy garbage bowl to put your prep scraps in to avoid messy counters. It retails for about $20. Doug says it's made out of about 3 cents worth of plastic.
If the detail serves the story, you can hardly have too much.
So I’ve been reading parenting blogs lately, and was trying to have a serious discussion with Spouse-Man about stuff that’s almost certainly going to come up when Susannah hits the teen years. Things like “what do we do when she wants to try alcohol, or cigarettes, or pot? How do we warn her off this stuff without coming across as big fat hypocrites?”
eventually infecting everyone around
More than 16 million children in the US face hunger.
“Mother Dearest, Mother Fairest”,
It worked on nights and Sundays, it worked each holiday
Hassan’s story adheres to all the rules laid down by his father although it is perhaps the third rule that has disappointed most western reviewers. Is there a moment within the text when we manage to grasp the truth? I’d like to think so. I certainly know what I think happened that night; it is a truth that satisfies me and can we ask more from any truth? I don’t believe that the woman is the Jemaa el Fna personified, some kind of djinn, but if she were could not all the accounts contained within this storyline be true?
Ramen. (ray-men)
Not to worry, I won't use the elastic sling, I'm not that cruel, maybe extremely mad, but not one to hurt any pets! Besides, I don't own any elastic sling!
(Halloween, otherwise, is rather unremarkable in Naples. Sure, there are bands of kids in weird outfits walking into businesses or up to pedestrians and asking for free goods - "treat" - with the threat - "trick" - of violence or mayhem. But that is, after all, what they call a "daily problem" or "the informal economy" here. It's as year-round as the fire-crackers, which are, for the record, as daily as bread. Were one to record every small explosion across the city in real-time and stream them together, the sound of days would be that of a rusty gatling gun, rumbling on from dawn to dusk and back again.)
When it starts to sizzle add the chopped onions, garlic and some salt (to draw moisture out) and stir around for a while till the oil and butter coats them well.
From Chardonnay, Chenin Blanc and Pinot Noir, but no Mauzac. No oak and no dosage, but more selection in the vineyard. Quite rounded and creamy on nose and palate, with good acidity and a satisfying depth of flavour. A little yeast autolysis. Very harmonious with some length. And our tasting finished with two vintages of Pinot Noir, IGP La Haute Vallée de l’Aude. M. Delmas has a long experience of Pinot Noir; his first vintage of this variety was 1977. And the very first Pinot Noir was planted in Antugnac in 1961, by the previous owners of the Château d’Antugnac.
Happy Friday everyone! We hope that you've had a wonderful week and are looking forward to the weekend. Our Thank you challenge was a hit and we loved each and every Tiddly creation. Let's get to our winners and features!
In the evening when the day is through
I’d prefer to have this pattern with a pencil skirt and without the front pleats. Those pleats seem to be a bit unnecessary considering you’ll have either a peplum or funny flaps hiding them, and I don’t think the bring much to the party, shape-wise.
“Yes.I am so happy for you that you actually saw through the things with reason and i understand that you still need a closure; at least some sort of an explanation from Aham,but believe you me,sometimes it’s best not to question things.We should be prudent enough if we are dealing with the phases in life which are more of Pandora’s box.” She said in her trademark “serious talk’ tone which always had a calming effect on me.
“A steak, medium rare”
Often, we feel that our lives don’t follow this. Often, we doesn’t receive appropriate reward for our efforts. We give a 1,000$-worth effort, but we only receive 700. Where is the remaining 300? Does the universe corrupted it? The law is wrong? Or is there another reason?
With what all she’d want
I drive in Washington every day (my commute is almost exactly half in Idaho, half in Washington), and let me tell you; it's very apparent soon after you cross the border (basically from Liberty Lake on west), that the quality and skill of the drivers goes down, and the stupidity and homicidal/suicidal tendencies go WAY up.
Pour liquids over dry ingredients and mix lightly with a spoon or spatula till just barely combined. Do not overmix. Divide batter evenly among the 12 cups, using about 1/4 cup for each. Use a generous tablespoon of streusel for each muffin. Bake about 18 minutes, or till a toothpick inserted near center returns with just a few crumbs. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack to finish cooling. Yield: 12 muffins
“Oh, how long has he been without clothes?”
Bad News:
I'm here this morning in the festive mood... my gosh i've been looking forward to a day off all week! it's manic at work Cracker isle is driving me crackers! seriously how many people need to eat crackers and cheese at christmas? i don't get it whats special about this food at christmas?? surley you'd eat enough at christmas dinner hehe!!
I used one of the studio 490 artful shrines and inked and masked with various versamagic chalk inks. Then I used one of the lovely CI shabby tags and stamped a couple of butterflies. The central image is one of my favourite crafty individual stamps and is coloured with watercolours and prisma pencils, then stitched onto the shabby tag. The fairy is inked and suspended from the flower. I got this idea from Sam Reads (Me And My Stamps) lovely canvas here. The butterflies are also inked with versamagic and I added some diamantes here and there.
From students who signed a bond of Rs 5 lakh, the Directorate of Medical Education and Research has collected barely Rs 50 lakh, compared to Rs 3 crore collected in three years from students who had signed for Rs 1 lakh.
Look at this stunning card our GDT has made as an example for this challenge, isn't it gorgeous !!
I went through a serious Danish/ Mid Century modern phase a couple years back. I scoured craigslist hoping to find some incredible treasures that someone didn’t want anymore for a great price (aka- had no idea that their grandma’s piece of furniture was an iconic piece of design history). It took some time, but boy did I score! Although my vintage-hunt has slowed, some of the pieces I acquired during that phase are still some of my favourites to this day. And because sometimes you shouldn’t save the best for last, here’s my fave.
5) While Disney provides fun transportation options (bus, ferry, monorail) all free to its guests, it won’t save you any time or frustration. If you want to get to and from the parks in reasonable time, drive. Parking throughout the property is included with lodging, so there’s no additional fee to drive yourself to the parks.
I was so terribly insecure. I actually thought having those hips made me fat. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. So not funny.
Reintroduction of Bill to end Commercial Seal Hunt
She never left Brooklyn, and I never remembered to oil the squeaky wheels of her carriage.
Mohammed Nawaz, 57, who is thought to have fled to Pakistan, was given a 21-year sentence at Teesside Crown Court.
To register, please call Yasmin Isaacs at 561-630-2021 or visit our website at
‘I thought I was safe up on the twentieth floor. Gated entrance. I even had a police chief living in the flat above me, so I felt pretty secure. Secure enough to sleep with the balcony door open. But one night they abseiled down from the roof, going from balcony to balcony, burning hyena’s tail and other stuff to put us all to sleep. Even the dog went out. Then they were free to take what they wanted. They took the keys to my Audi, but luckily the fuel light was on so they left it and took the police chief’s Mercedes instead. Unluckily for them it had tracking, so a couple of helicopters picked them up down the road.
Peel garlic, pat them using the side of your cleaver and mince finely. Chop chillies.
Presenter: Janet McCracken
I'm hoping to go again tomorrow because it's just such a thrilling adventure for a boring old book worm like me.
Nov. 19: The National, Richmond, VA
It's a good job their "surveymonkey" doesn't think to "see no evil", "hear no evil", "speak no evil"...
"Don't be ridiculous." the Betazoid giggles, "Everybody knows what you write anyway." She walks out, still laughing to herself.
The Valeyard escaped into the Matrix via the Seventh Door, which he opens using a copy of the Key of Rassilon. He is pursued and finally defeated by the Doctor when an explosion the Valeyard had intended to destroy the court is fed back into the Matrix due to the Doctor's tampering.
Well a couple of weeks ago Kravet was looking for panelists to come speak about social media at their Long Island showroom and the sweet Alix recommended me.
Yep, that would be me. I'm sure that I could provide a million reasons as to why I've been MIA. In fact, if I had been writing about these adventures as they occurred, hell, I might even have a real blog hunh? But au contraire my friends. I haven't even had time to pick my nose. The most I get around to doing online these days is checking my facebook, and most of the time that's from my blackberry.
OLW projects to help keep my word alive in life and home!
Next was the lady doctor. She was very cool. She smiled at me! I wasn't just another cog in the wheel! She even spoke English. And I didn't have to show her my boob trick. She examined me and asked me a couple of normal questions and told me I had to get a few vaccinations. My heart sank. "So, do I have to go to a government doctor to get them?" "No. If you have your own doctor, you can go there." "And then, afterwards, how many millions of copies do I have to make of my vaccination receipt and where do I send them or do I have to come back here and stand in line to hand it in...and then after I do that, THEN can I have my carte de sejours? Or do I have to do 43 more things?"
"Some of us," my student said, "are transitioning from middle to middle. A sea of endless middles. And endless possibilities. Gender doesn't define us. Only love does."
2nd Dec Rnd: * K 5, k 2 tog, repeat from * around – 72 sts. Break off Y, join R. Work even in stockinette st (k each rnd) for 4 rnds.
These two images makes me want to know more about the cultural exchange between Germany and France between the world wars. It seems like such a creative era, cruelly interrupted by the fascist movement. Claude and her partner, Suzanne Malherbe, was in the resistance during the second world war, at Jersey. They showed an astonishing amount of courage and was nearly killed because of their efforts to discourage the nazi enemy.
-_____-
Tragically, a little girl, also seven years old, didn't survive when she ate peanuts given to her at school by a classmate, just a couple of weeks ago. Again, her mother did the right things. She had an allergy action plan at school for her daughter.
Now I know the techniques are not exact and I certainly have a long way to go, but I think it's okay for my first go. I've used lots of Tessa's gorgeous sewing petal flowers and combined them with some Cosmo cricket to create the flowers. Some I scrunched, some I misted and others I just layered. Along with Tessa's cupcake poppies, these were amongst my favourites.
I dig out where I want my path and set up any permanent structures first. This is my lazy way of building a raised bed.
The fact is that Gwen isn't growing like the other girls, no budding breasts, no maturing voice or filled out buns. Puberty had eluded her and no one had even noticed.
Stand or Fall
If you are vegan and have just one child who is not vegan, you will have countered the positive effects of your entire life of veganism. While it may seem far fetched, I propose that it would be better to eat the Standard American Diet based around animal products for your entire life than it would be to have even one child who is not vegan. It is also important to note that even vegans have a tremendous impact on the Earth and on animals; oil consumption and the resulting pollution, packaging and solid waste production, water and energy consumption, animals killed in crop rotation and harvesting, etc..
Of the many things you can to in this area the best ones include getting a to do list that works, learning to say "no", asking for help when you need it, and stop setting unrealistic goals for yourself.
More and more, success in winning new clients is not about the effectiveness of the advertising you create, but about how clever you are at articulating a convincing process behind your creative endeavors.
So, I guess that was my little tribute to the world of darts - a sport I adore!
That can be a good or bad thing...
The options are a bitwise combination of the MINIDUMP_TYPE enumeration values.
This is all backstory, and you'd be lucky if I kept reading to find out where the actual story starts.
There is a lesson in this story,through blogging I have made a wonderful ,hopefully life long friend,though geographically,it is not possible to drop in for coffee,I know she is there to talk to when I feel the need and she cares for and likes me.
I was loving life,now I am scared I might lose my life
“It seems to the king the prime minister is not capable of achieving that.”
Michael Cargill
I hope you'll join us!
12. Untitled
all that is left now is tossing all the ingredients to make one wholesome dish…
960 ***D-III/13/1987. “The Haymarket Controversy.” Clarence Darrow Memorial Meeting, Jackson Park and the Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(4), above, pp. 969-77, 1078-81, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 283-95 (2004).)
Arguably.
However, in recent years, with all the scandals involving robo-signing, and missing and forged mortgage documents, most judges are now carefully reviewing each and every mortgage related complaint.
I will receive 80 Victoria's Secret catalogs a week no matter 1) that the last time I purchased anything was in the 90s, and 2) how many times I move hoping they lose my trail.
As for the responsibility falling or defaulting to the U.S. due to our national physical capacities, the following can be said. The U.S. is the logical candidate due to our superpower military capabilities, our beckoning land mass and infrastructure, and in no small part because 35.2% of the world’s Jewish population lives in America, more than the 31.5% that live in Israel. No other country comes close on any count. Also, the U.S. possesses the military know-how to lead a full-blown naval and air non-combatant evacuation of Israel; no other nation can or will do so. Commercial cruise liners and airliners are well understood, but U.S. planning, protection, and leadership are keys in an integrated effort.
Just smile here, or if you are feeling really bold look around you, then back at the person and say "Ssshh we don't want the cops to be called on us"
My camera wasn't working on Thursday, so I couldn't take any pictures. I was thinking I needed a new one until I got home. Then I discovered I had left the memory chip in the computer when I'd downloaded photos the night before. Doh!
Some people struggle with their finances and the very idea of surrendering or trusting them to God is a toughie.
Blessings from yourself.
Glade Save $1/1 Decor Scents holder or Save $1/2 refill packs (5/5)
and wiggled
Each locality of our overgrown Metropolis possesses its own distinctive characteristics, and the peculiarity attached to Whitechapel is that it is the Bond Street of Labour. True, we should seek in vain for the faultlessly fitting apparel, magnificent shirt fronts, razor edged collars, lustrous Hobys, delicate kid-gloves, aristocratic lorgnettes, jewelled bracelets, and rich moire antiques of the Western thoroughfare; nor should we expect to inhale the fragrant odours of Peisse and Lubin, in a locality sacred to hot saveloys, tripe, fried fish, smoking pudding, baked potatoes, and other savoury delicacies, with which Labour regales his not over fastidious palate; but we have abundant opportunities for observing what stuff the wealth producers of society are made of; for here we meet with Labour in every possible guise, from young Magenta Sarsnet, assistant to Messrs. Ribbon, Muslin, & Co., in his bran new Volunteer uniform, down to the poor shivering needlewoman, who, with garments utterly devoid of crinoline appendages, nervously shambles homewards, with her heavy bundle of coarse slop-work, from the establishment of Shadrach, Sweater, & Co., in Hounsditch. Here, Labour's attention is arrested by a man with a large carriage-umbrella, which is spread open and filled with a variety of prints and engravings, the majority of which are profusely decorated with red, blue, and yellow colours, in the most approved Pre Raphaelite style. Next to the picture vendor, stands a stall keeper with linen sleeves and apron of snow white texture, and who is busily engaged in retailing sundry mysterious compounds of a highly saccharine nature, and which are respectively designated as "Pine apple Rock," “Sebastopol Candy," “Volunteer Toffy,” etc, but the flavour of which surely cannot be improved by the unmistakable odours which emanate from the wet flabby baskets of his neighbour of the Guernsey shirt, who is rapidly disposing of his stock of suppositious fresh herrings.
Hi Folks! This is a great piece in the Atlantic, about how the filters on our computers create a sort of feedback loop that can really distort our perceptions. In this case, the author, Sarah Kendzior, clicked on a single story of a child murder, and from then on she found that her home screen — in this case, Yahoo’s — kept bringing her more of the same. More child murder and really disturbing stuff. The algorithm assumed she just loved this kind of story.
I also have a bit of a thing for Masterpiece Mystery and the new season of Sherlock Holmes just started so I've spent a few hours watching that too. Just needed to spend some time with my family and spend some time just vegging. :-)
There's no difference between products.
5. Leave a message on the blogs of those you’ve nominated.
Last night, the twins and I went to Burger King for dinner. (A step up from the food source from the bowels of hell I might add.)
This week began with my mum coming to stay with us for a week, and as she is joining me on this year long journey in spirit, I was excited to share a whole week of self discovery with her. We had nothing spiritual planned but decided to go with the flow and see where our time took us. Now usually when I ask for a spiritual teacher to come into my life, Great Spirit sends me or guides me to a book, not usually a person. This time was no different as I was sent 2 life changing books this week that blew all my beliefs about life itself into the water. Some of my best teachers have been books but these 2 would have to be the most profound and conscious shifting books I had ever read. They have essentially pushed me to the edge of what I believed to be true.
While many people think of Stevie Nicks as “the voice and sound” of Fleetwood Mac, I think a large amount of credit should also be given to Christine McVie. Her beautiful vocals are featured on many of the groups hits including “”You make loving fun”, “Don’t Stop”, “Little Lies”, “Everywhere”, “Over my Head”, “Say you Love me”, “Save Me” and others. She has always played second fiddle to Stevie Nicks, but undeservedly so.
With that out of the way, we return now to Lewis, the medieval man telling modern people about medieval people. The point here is that Lewis is describing two types of knowledge: There is the knowledge of a modern man who has studied medieval literature, but always relates to it at one remove. He might find the stories entertaining or find a couple of the characters he meets inspiring, but his mind never becomes medieval itself. He knows a great many facts about Chaucer, but he doesn’t know the first thing about seeing the world as Chaucer saw it.
Teaching and research are very important to me. In fact, I love teaching, and I cherish my students. I believe firmly in classical education, and make a strong effort to institute the philosophy of classical education in public education curriculum, as well as in the college classes I teach.
“ You’re so unbelievably talented.”
Hello everyone. I know this may be a bit late (and possibly inadequate, heh) but I’d like to wish everyone a happy Easter! This is one of my favorite holidays because while I’m not a religious person, it’s a sweet low ish-scale holiday. Holidays just make me feel happy, y’know?
(laughs)
Make your stories happen!
The laws of nature are there for a reason. They stop us getting too big for our boots. They remind us that we are not godlike.
Day 15:
Then I opened the second one and read, "You will inherit a large sum of money."
“No flies on you,” said Chris.
The website indieWIRE has an excellant article called Toolkit Case Study: How Indie Hit “Winter’s Bone” Came to be. It walks you through the various stages of the five year journey that Debra Granik, Anne Rosellini and Alix Madigan took from first reading Daniel Woodrell’s book, through developing and financing, to the sale and distribution of their Sundance winning film Winter’s Bone.
My Christmas present came early this year - a Canon Powershot 95 from the ever thoughtful @Windaddict. My previous camera was a Fuji Film FinepixZ90 that had seen much rough abuse over the last four years or so. It had tumbled down 6th street during a cartwheel and round off Halloween, and it has also taken a tumble down more than one flights of stairs. Needless to say, it has been handed to someone else who really needs a camera, and can probably take care of it through intensive care.
Here's what 14 metres of fabric looks like wrapped up....
As was proven fully by my “French-free”/5.7/A0 move at the crux, where I pussed out and grabbed the draw I just clipped to reach out to the balancey foothold and then up to the anchor, berating myself the whole time. Guess snowflakes and sunshine aren’t necessarily the best combo for climbing…we rapped down after my partner toproped it and threw in the rope for the day. Ah well…there will be more climbs in the future…
Hari naamamu tsavi tsoosina – Prahlada said that once you taste the name of Sri Hari, then all else tastes bland!
Engel LS, O’Meara ES, Schwartz SM. Maternal occupation in agriculture and risk of adverse birth outcomes in Washington State, 1980-1991. Paediatr Perinat Epidemiol 1995; 9: A11.
Chef had the bright idea that we'd pack the trifle glasses back into boxes and stack them up in one of the dessert fridges.
Coelioxys, Cuckoo Bee. I think I've got several species from the genus visiting my garden, but I've yet to get identification for the others. These are in the Megachilidae, the Leaf-cutter and Mason Bee family. Bees in this family typically carry pollen on hairs beneath their abdomens, instead of in pollen baskets on their legs. You can see this bee isn't carrying any pollen; it doesn't even have the hairs beneath its abdomen to do so. It doesn't need to, because it takes over the pollen-provisioned nests of other leaf-cutter bees for its own young.
Side-kick: Yeah, I would…
Saw some of the local beer schmucks roaming around looking important. Overheard some trying to impress others by given some cheesy descriptions of beer. It was hysterical to listen too... most are talking out there ass!
coming in on Wednesday through Saturday. We finally got our refund
The other day I thought I would teach Amy how to bake bread. It is something that I really enjoy doing and the taste and texture of a home made loaf is far grander than a shop bought one. I've really got the knack of it now and would never use a bread machine again.
So yes, I am busting through 2012 in full force, doing things I never imagined I would ever get to do. As Neil Gaiman recently said, “Whatever it is you’re scared of doing, Do it.” In my case, whatever it is I’ve been putting off doing, I will. I’m busting through the door, everybody stand back…
8 ounces cream cheese (1 block)
"Even so, we will continue to point out and loudly condemn the attempts to dislodge us from power or to reduce our functions, which we have a legitimate mandate to fulfil," she said.
Dr. TohruTeraoka, Tokyo University of Agriculture & Technology, Japan
I don't love every song on the album, and of course you can just buy the songs you like, but because the money goes to a worthy cause, I downloaded the whole thing.
MMA Fight Pit announcer Jason Chambers said after Pulver’s victory that it “could be the rebirth of Jens Pulver.” That, however, is overly optimistic: At age 36, Pulver is past the point where he’s going to have a rebirth.
“The observer-generated reality stuff,” said Jade, “is just
II. THE PALESTINIAN COVENANT
We responded that this wasn't possible, and reminded them that they naturally had the ability to sell their remaining stock should the rights to the book be reverted. In other words, for them, nothing would change.
1-Jeff Thode-Hoffman Estates (Conant)-14:18
5.) stem stitch
All around, this is not turning out to be the holiday that I had planned. The cake was underwhelming, our planned annual trip to Schlitterbahn today is officially rained out, and - while not actually raining at present - it's just too damned gloomy outside to muster up the energy to do much else besides hoist the coffee cup to the lips and watch "Spongebob" with the kids.
Mallory fidgeted with her hair, separating the blonde streaks from the auburn while smiling at the waitress who approached the table. He eyed the waitress’ right arm sleeve of tattoos
Free walk was interpreted by your Arab to involve prancing, a rear, and a few bucks.
"Patent, Roasted, or Black Malt. — The first name was given because a "patent," or licence, was required for its manufacture when the malt-duty was in force. It should be plump and not too black ; the malt exhibiting a brownish fracture is the best. It is roasted in a large revolving cylinder. Owing to the necessity of buying these malts in larger quantities than are required for one operation, they are generally used in far too slack a condition for perfect success. A large part of the aroma certainly gets lost, and accordingly, the late Mr. Stopes pointed out the advisability of using patent malt fresh, giving the following detailed method of producing it on a small scale.
Jack watched a set of bare bar warm up squats and warned me to keep my weight back. My heels weren’t coming off the floor, but it was evident to him that I was shifting forward on the balls of my feet. It would be a recurring theme for the day.
Makes about 18 cookies in 40 min
I HATED the film. HATED it. However, it is sometimes quite enjoyable to hate something. I kept on making a repetitive head-shaking motion throughout it and John kept on looking at me and laughing. The Woody Allen-alterego Owen Wilson plays is a hack-screenwriter who wants to write a Great American Novel, which in Allen's perception (as well as the mainstream canonical perception) is exclusively male and connects of course to Fitzgerald and Hemingway. The character enters some sort of campy dreamscape at midnight while wandering around Paris where he finds himself suddenly in the Lost Generation's 20s, and Gertrude Stein played by Kathy Bates who plays Gertrude Stein like she's a gregarious yet butchy Minnesota housewife reads his tepid realistic novel about a nostalgia shop, and he hangs out with Hemingway and Zelda and Scott, and a femme-enfant played by Marion Cotillard who is Picasso's mistress. Allen treats these figures of modernism like a Disneyworld exhibit, like It's A Small World Afterall or some nonsense, they're played for campy jokes and one-liners, which is fine, in the case of Dali, who babbles about rhinoceros for a few minutes on screen, but in the case of Stein and the Fitzgeralds, who have repeated scenes, comes off as really grossly laughable and not saying anything particuarly interesting about that period or the human condition or why we cling to these myths. Zelda is played rather brothily by the actress Allison Pill, and Allen of course just replays all the easy myths - she is depicted as not even charming but just off her meds, at one point in the film Owen Wilson and Marion Cotillard find her dippy self about to jump into the Seine, no real reason is given, except that she's a crazy chick, and she babbles something about how Scott doesn't love her anymore, and Wilson steps in and firmly hands her shoulders and is all like - No, Scott only has eyes for you, I know that - and the joke is supposed to be that Wilson as a contemporary reader understands the Fitzgerald mythology, even though even Scott's biographer would admit that Scott totally played around and fucked actresses, etc., and the idea that Zelda's scenes she threw was only due to some girlish jealousy is really quite bogus, a word she would have used. The scene with them and Hemingway is so ridiculous, and I feel like Woody Allen read Hemingway's A Movable Feast on the toilet or something and went with that. Zelda is all like (to Hemingway) Did you read my story? Like a dumb girl, and Hemingway didn't, of course, and Scott weakly protests to him that she has talent, as if Scott was Zelda's agent or something, and she storms off, and Hemingway tells Scott that Zelda is standing in the way of his talent, and then later on Owen Wilson is remembering the evening, and remembering that Hemingway is right - that Zelda stood in the way of Scott's genius, but of course he was so in love with her the Wilson romantic understood. The idea that these women stood in the way of their husband's masterpieces, as opposed to midwifing them and helping steward them along, serving not only as inspiration but copyeditors, etc., is so much part of our contemporary romantic consciousness and Allen's film is just a microwaved version of these stories that brew inside the men who have the confidence to want to be the Next Big Thing, while girls just want to go throw themselves into a great body of water and wash away. And Djuna Barnes appears as a punchline - Owen Wilson is Charlstoning with some women, it is pointed out to him that it was her, and he says, "No wonder why she wants to lead," and Alice B. Toklas answers the door but isn't even given a line.
Mrs Elphinstone does it again!
01) Stanglehold (Totp's)
By the way, with all the complaining and whining I've done about wanting this kid out, you'd think I'd have my bags already packed, right?! Well, at least I have a list I can direct My Mr Right to when I wake him at at 3am with that "It's TIME!"
For those of you not involved in the creation of games (probably most of you) this book will probably be of interest if you’ve got an interest in indie games, or in the creative process in general. Whilst not a guide to larger scale games development by any means, it’s an easy read, well paced, interesting and whilst not laugh out loud funny will raise a smile frequently and even the odd chuckle. (thesixthaxis.com)
isn’t going to be the same as package both at home and for usage as the Tshirt possessors able to be used now when you strike fake bags uk sale breaks.
There should be a time in church when all of the believers can get up and share with others about what God has done for them and how we have seen him working in our lives and the lives of other people. Yet this is rarely done and is not encouraged in most cases.
So if you do not have time now, to read this long essay then bookmark and return when you do. If you read and understand it, then you are well on your way to becoming a real political activist with a true understanding of the conspiracy against the True British People.
I get that there are single parents who have to work, and sometimes parents both really love their job and don’t want to quit because let’s face it, time out of the workforce is a bad thing in most industries, and maybe some people just don’t realize how well off they could be with one salary, and yes, sometimes both parents do have to work to pay all the bills. Those things aside, I have a question that always seems to come out rude and judgmental when I say it out loud, but is truly asked out of curiosity: Why do couples who can survive on one salary have children at all if they are going to both work? What’s the point of having children, only to let other people raise them? (Especially during the years before they start school.)
If you are still having disease issues, you can spray. I don't like to put anything toxic on my plants. I used a mixture of aspirin and worm casting tea. I take 1/2c of worm castings and soak it in water for a day. I strain the mixture into my gallon sprayer. Then I add 3/4 of an aspirin tablet dissolved in water and fill the sprayer to the top. I coat the tops and bottoms of all the leaves. Most people know the benefits of worm tea. It is a foliar feed and it has microorganisms that fight off diseases in the garden. Fewer have heard of using aspirin to help their garden. Aspirin works because it turns on the plant's own disease fighting mechanisms. I usually spray this every other week. It helps better before the plants are infected, but will still help after the plants is sick.
The present administration is maniacally opposed to Wall Street. They oppose the engines of energy in America, oil, coal, and natural gas. They waste billions on so-called “renewable” energy or “biofuels”, all of which are incapable of producing sufficient energy for even a moderate-sized city or town. Biofuels just drive up the cost of crops like corn for no sensible reason.
Hollande’s solemn and low-key May Day wasn’t a Tony Blair-style ruse to distance himself from the unions, marching in their hundreds of thousands in May Day parades all over France. It was an event dripping in symbolism for the French left. Bérégovoy was mayor and MP for Nevers, and Mitterrand himself served as a local MP from 1946 to 1981. It was the latest in a series of pilgrimages by Hollande to the tombs of French socialist heroes, including a poignant visit to Mitterrand’s tomb in Jarnac on the anniversary of the former president’s death on 8 January.
I bought book in the middle for $5.00 and the book on top...
Well....our Fun Tour Guides....I'm not sure how lovely these two are.....
It is a cosmic sign, a prelude to our annual rendezvous with Galactic Center — that dark patch in the Milky Way — when the Sun, including us, microscopic specks of energy clinging on to the plane of the ecliptic, all nine planets of our system as one, align with our Motherboard, the Creator-black-hole, call it what you will, in the middle of our Galaxy. Then, spiralling away one more time, we shall head off for another year of peripatetic searching through infinite realms of space until, two years from now, we return for that Great Meeting with Source prior to winter solstice 2012.
Lydon and Bush messed around with a palatte of exotic, non-
"Being born in the back of a pick-up truck, yeah, that's
Triumphant over pain,
For an instant, I thought they were sure to come right down on top of us. Then, with the deadened noise of the bursting of her last few gallant bulkheads, she slid quietly away from us into the sea.
“On interrogation, the
The Moulin Rouge, the Basilica, the best view of Paris: all of these are top reasons to visit the Montmartre neighborhood in Paris. Another reason is the home of Amelie. The first shot here is of the now-famous brasserie where Amelie worked.
Our community has a pretty active group of artists, Ames c.art, The goal of the organization is to make art accessible to the public. Last year they painted a mural on one of the buildings in Campus Town (near the ISU campus).
Favorite quote: "This is no ordinary cat," Thomas says through his teeth. He is staring unblinkingly into Tybalt's green eyes--green eyes that flicker to me and seem to say, 'This kid is a knob'. His tail twitches at the tip like a fishing lure.
Juice Just Isn’t Good Enough
Unemployment December 2008 7.2%
We have a video of the first time she was placed in my arms with all those wires and tubes. I will always treasure the moment her skin got to touch mine and the first time I got to kiss that sweet skin of hers. Oh how I miss it so much.
Challenge 16: to post July 29
Every time we are faced with a new obstacle, I feel overwhelmed and pissed off and sad and convinced that this one is it, this is the one that will bring us down, that will change who we are, who he is. And every time I’ve been proved wrong. Every time we’ve ended up okay.
Here is some background/history to how and why the project developed:
If possible, avoid constant sun exposure and tanning beds. In addition to being dangerous where health is concerned, these may also lead to early signs of aging. Everyone loves a suntan, but there is no reason to sacrifice your skin or your health in order to achieve it. Therefore, many individuals opt for a self-tanning lotion instead. Back in the day, these products had a tendency to turn the skin orange, but that is no longer the case. Improvements have helped to give self-tanning products a more natural, streak-free look. Before applying the lotion to your entire body, apply it to a small test area just to make sure there is no irritation.
This doesn’t mean I can’t go out in public. Any place I can be anonymous in crowd is fine, but I need the freedom to be who I am and not have to try to be normal. No one notices a dude sobbing in a rave club, for instance.
The sweetly innocent Audrey is a 2” organza baby bow with tails on a pinch clip that is available in cream, pink, and white.This classy bow looks best with chic understated dresses that are simple and elegant.
10. Have at least a little bit of fun every day
In pursuit of control, Ryan Bingham dedicates his existence to his job as Career Transition Counselor, which demands his presence in a new city or state daily. This leaves behind prospects of family bonds and lasting friendships. Alas, he is a divorcee. To make up for his lack of consistent friendships and incapacity for expressing emotions, the always-unsteady Bingham creates “Airworld,” which exists far above a functioning society where humans have interpersonal relationships. For Bingham, his closest friends are stewardesses he sleeps with and businessmen who fly city-to-city at least a fraction of the amount he does. His obsessive goal, to be the tenth customer of Great West airlines to reach a million sky miles, is his first hint at insanity.
Paulie. Alight.
I hope these samples leave you guys with some wonderful ideas for making a card in our challenge this week. Here's some rules for playing in our challenge:
If Deputy Pikett's work with dogs is declared invalid by the court, somebody needs to step up and take responsibility for vetting those old cases and notifying prosecutors (or better yet, both parties) in cases where Pikett performed lineups.
October arrived. Swallows had long departed – they’d decided for the first time in twenty years that enough was enough. They’d lingered in Ultima Thule only long enough to hatch a single clutch. They left on a singular warm wind three weeks early. I should have known then we were in for more.
Imtithal and Saameira: Yes.
"Wow... did THAT take a few minutes of directed thinking. I assume you mean the "things" on the floor next to the bed, and a shelf in the blue cabinet?
Author’s Note: I wrote this piece about a week before Liberian strongman Charles Taylor was found guilty Thursday of aiding and abetting grave human rights abuses and war crimes in a historic verdict by the Special Court for Sierra Leone. Taylor’s conviction both reinforces the arguments offered by Sikkink (that are discussed below) and my criticisms of her argument. While Taylor’s conviction is important, it is indeed incredibly rare for a head of state to be convicted in an international court, it also demonstrates the limited diffusion of the justice norm. No one can argue that bringing African human rights violators like Taylor, Omar al-Bashir, or even the now infamous Joseph Kony, to justice is an important development and evidences the diffusion of the justice. Similarly, the anomalous example of Latin America, where many leaders have been tried and convicted in domestic courts, represents the emergence and diffusion of the justice norm and its potential power. But, as I argue below, this norm will continue to be subverted until it is applied equally. In other words, when American, British, Israeli leaders or leaders of other Western countries, that are typically given immunity, are brought to justice like Charles Taylor has been, then we can say that the justice norm has universal acceptance.
Thanks for following! In case you missed the preview, find it here so you know what to expect. Decades is a beautiful project that was worked on by a team of eight talented bloggers, some of which you’re familiar with. (The details are in the preview)
feminine side.
The Cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no.
~So you work in a job that communicates directly with the general public, and with people experiencing unique situations that are almost always highly stressful, and you're surprised by the results? Here's a hint: we are not always brainaics when we are freaked out over something. It sounds like you are not cut out for this.
Rather than plan, I just take my inspiration from whatever I happen to be doing or thinking at the moment and then, in roughly an hour or so, turn it into a blog post. If my thoughts are sometimes scrambled or unclear, I look to you, my readers -- many of whom have thought about these issues in far greater depth than I -- to contribute your wisdom in a comment, for which I am always grateful (and always read even if I don't often respond). Anyway, I hope those who prefer lighter fare will bear with me for one more day.
It’s too bad really. I was somewhat looking forward to spending another night the porno infused love motel.
4. The graphics and animations are sub-PS2 quality, and the sound mix in inconsistent at best, with many instances of cheesy soundtrack music popping up during tonally inappropriate times.
I have HEB's number in my phone (the one about 10 miles north of where I was). I call and get the Wine/Beer guy as I am driving home. He says he has DR7 for sale, I tell him I'm on the way and hang up. You want to talk about DRIVING. I had 1o miles of city driving to the upper northwest Houston metro area, and cops were EVERYWHERE. I'm going 55-60 in a 45 zone. I am yelling at people in front of me, "GET OUT THE WAY B!TCH". Visions of tasers dance in my head, but I found my Drowning Pool CD to fire me up and let it ride.
Okay – I like to clown around, a lot. I’m goofy. Some might even say I can be a bit corny sometimes, but I also know when there’s a time and a place for different things. Unfortunately, I’ve met some guys who do not. This one guy I met was so G double O. D. looking that women would just stare at him and sigh. His skin was dark chocolate, he was tall, he had long lashes, and the most lovely accent, and I doubt if he ever had one serious conversation ever (outside of when he was high and then everything was beacoup serious). I mean, really – everyone likes to laugh, but if you can’t tell that someone getting laid off from their job is not the best time to tell a “Friday, you ain’t got no job” joke, chances are we won’t last.
Sept 30 - Oct 2, 2011
childhood dream come true.
so when you have a stapler… that binds marriages then I guess it ain’t half bad… until the plot reminded me of Amagami… SO WILL YOU FINALLY HAVE A GOOD HAPPY RELATIONSHIP? I hope so… cause this here is the Amagami Challenge incarnate down to its core
Reciprocity - The partnership policy purchased in the north dakota township map a lot to offer while at any of these refuges as well as money for the north dakota township map to provide funding. His bill, the north dakota township map of 2009 and it was introduced into the north dakota township map an online mortgage broker that has very few places to go natural. The grass is allowed to overgrow which provides prime habitat for pheasant. The CRP program was originally developed to reduce air pollution.
Put these ponderings to rest: the omniscient Facebook sees it all.
I am spiritual, and believe that there is something bigger than all of us.
If you would like to join us for this challenge, please link directly to your post (not just to your blog), using Inlinkz below. If you are uploading your project to an online gallery, please use keyword 4CCC-62 (eg: Splitcoaststampers, Paper Craft Planet, etc.) Thanks for playing along with the 4 Crafty Chicks!
Obama appointed two women to the Supreme Court, both of whom think the Constitution was written on silly putty. One had never been a judge.
“I alone am left a prophet of the Lord; but Baal’s prophets are four hundred and fifty men. Therefore let them give us two bulls; and let them choose one bull for themselves, cut it in pieces, and lay it on the wood, but put no fire under it; and I will prepare the other bull, and lay it on the wood, but put no fire under it. Then you call on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the Lord; and the God who answers by fire, He is God.”
Unlike the proponents of such rent-seeking legislation, I have no statistics to torture in order to prove I’m right, and I’m under no pressure to create new and highly questionable justifications in order to maintain government and pharmaceutical industry funding. The relative dangers of smoking may be debatable, but the danger in rescinding property rights is not. Anti-Tobacco forces are paid millions to usurp my rights, I draw no income from defending them.
Sighing, I extracted myself from the tub, dried off and got dressed. Figuring that we'd find HB in no time, I put on a tank top, yoga pants and my fuzzy, white slippers. I then proceeded to post myself in the front yard and call Helicopter Butt's name.
● “DDT is the answer to our problems,” said Dr. John Rwakimari, head of the national malaria program in Uganda, where malaria rates over the last 15 years have increased fivefold. “We must do something.”
Every year, Blue Sargent stands next to her clairvoyant mother as the soon-to-be dead walk past. Blue herself never sees them—not until this year, when a boy emerges from the dark and speaks directly to her.
Less than half — 47 percent — of young un’s will actually break up with someone face to face, versus the 74 percent of those of us willing to do it in the same room, maybe better prepared to handle whatever emotional mayhem may ensue.
I have a little punk in me! Yesterday at the sonogram this little one would NOT
Still, inside of the tangle of thoughts
Some thoughts to start you off:
So I've been going through my book making changes with problems spotted by someone who will only fully read one out of a hundred books she picks up, and has only read one in a million books in one sitting.
