When the objective is to change the world the only way is revolution.
Mia wants to trust the enigmatic and alluring Jeremy when he promises to protect her, but she fears he isn't who he claims to be. In the end, the passion and power that brought them together could be their downfall. When the final disaster strikes, Mia must risk unleashing the full horror of her strength to save the people she loves, or lose everything.(
We may never have to answer to our mistakes or the beliefs we followed.
Then, when I came home, it was such a gorgeous afternoon, we all went for a walk along the river and canal, down to a weir to try to watch the salmon leaping. We did see a couple of salmon attempting it, but they did not manage to get up whilst we were there.
It is actually very similar to the iphone app tweegram. It has quite a few similar backgrounds including the post, old school envelope, the yellow sticky, a pink not so hello kitty version, paper, chalkboard. I’d say its just as good. Here is the download link
However, the need to ensure that we have a clean judiciary shouldn’t just be relevant in the context of how it affects our country’s international standing as an investment destination. In other words it shouldn’t just be ’bout the money. At a very fundamental level the courts are intended to regulate the relationship between the government and the citizenry. If there are allegations that judgements are skewed through the granting of favours or money to judges then it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that those allegations need to be thoroughly investigated immediately.
I hope you all have a great weekend. I am hoping to catch up with life, work, and orders. I'll be back on Tuesday with my next challenge card and we start sneak peeks for our February release next week.
They say that the world was built for two
There are 3 hearts of decreasing size mounted on the front of the card using glue gel on top of foam tape, so they appear to 'float' on the front of the card - I really like the shadow effect that is achieved by raising the heart up, but not so great for postage!
This is my first travel to out of my county. Having fun and travel for fun, seeing other people life, eats and sweet sour memory is all in line.
Last night I made this Beef and Cabbage Tart. It was very easy and a hit with everyone. I got the idea from a post of Sweet Bee. Her recipe called for ground beef, mushrooms, and red onion. I didn't have any mushrooms, so I sautéed a pound of ground beef, along with some thinly sliced red onion wedges, some diced bell pepper, and about a quarter of a head of cabbage, thinly sliced. I seasoned the mixture with some pepper and Italian seasonings (although I think next time I may use seasonings of a more central or eastern European nature, like thyme and rosemary).
but the Father who sent me commanded me what to say and speak.
Together both of my parents freaked out as they drove home from the airport and recognized what was left of my car being hauled away.
The original trims are embroidered on white linen that's been hemmed top and bottom. I'd probably embroider them directly on a finished item rather than on something that needs to be attached. But, that will depend on your project. The flowers would be cute for a little girl's dress; the cherries for an apron, tea towel, or how about a row along the bottom of curtains in a cherry-themed kitchen?
This song likes to follow us around so I thought it would be fitting to play while reading.. It seems we have been living in a twilight zone episode for the last year. We keep working on the same projects day after day after day after day yet never finish. Our own personal hell of unfinished projects.....
1 victoria
The seeds of divorce are often sown and the problems of children begin when mother works outside the home. You mothers should carefully count the cost before you decide to share breadwinning responsibilities with your husbands. It is a truism that children need more of mother than of money.
If you approach every sale from a place of service you will win them over. Ask yourself, how can I best serve them? How can I shower them with love?
In other words, the census reports seemed to show that the vast majority of stay-at-home moms were not those who opted out – but more likely those who were never comfortably in. So case closed, right? But right after the report came out, several writers drilled down the numbers and found the snapshot to be a little more complex. WaPo blogger Brian Reid was one:
To enter the challenge, create your own step card using your Cricut and/or the SVGs you have already, go to Cher's Studio and link your project by 11:59 pm on 8/29/11. There will be 3 prizes up for grabs - gift certificates to The Digi Bistro store!!!
Stamps: Happy Moments, Outlined Occasions
Most of their canned goods and small appliances live on the other wall with ventilated shelving. Here's a floor to ceiling view. A nice low shelf holds all of her small appliances. No more straining to get them down! And because the elfa system is so flexible, she was able to space the shelves just right to accommodate them. No wasted space. Love that!
It was a little milky.
For most of my young adult life (using “young adult” in the loose sense of “since I was about fifteen”), I have struggled with this. I always put off the next big step as long as possible, because I think I ultimately see it as a loss: one more box checked off on the list of life ambitions, one less thing to look forward to. I remember being somewhat horrified (at the time I couldn’t explain why) when one of my dearest friends in college started a “countdown” to graduation at the beginning of our last semester. She put the number on her bedroom door, and every day I walked by and thought, not, “46 days to graduation” but “46 days closer to mediocrity.” I attend the weddings of friends and try not think, “They’re almost there.” I’m ashamed of myself for wanting to marry and settle down and raise a family because it seems like longing for the very constriction I dread.
1.Join us and link up once per month March 31st, April 28st, May 26th, and June 30th – sharing a post of your latest garden update . Include: 1 current photo, progress, lessons/resources being used, and homeschooler’s reaction / involvement!
To calculate your organization’s Net Promoter Score, take the percentage of people who are Promoters and subtract the percentage who are Detractors.
Now these Re-Gifts can get you something you might actually want. The salesmen at my work gave me a $15 AMC movie theater gift card. I am the mother of a 2 month old, a trip to the movies is not likely to be in my future for a while. So I want to re-gift it to one of you lucky readers. In order to enter the contest, all you need to do tell me your Re-Gift story. Did you pass something on? Were you the recipient of the used gift? I wanna know about it! It can be a funny story, a disgusting story, or even a frugal tip on the best way to re-gift. You have until 1/31/11 to post your story. After that, a winner will be chosen via Random.org.
Nothing like a second wind with a tasty beer I had wanted to try. We also had three more people join us, including long lost pal of mine, Billy from Critical Mass Interactive.
We've been doing a few things... and not just in my head either; that's just how I'm updating this god-forsaken offering to the lord of the internets.
I need a beta reader.
5. Take My Man to the movies at least once in every two months – Successful, so far. In truth, every month we get to see a movie, either at home or in the theaters, which is totally surprising. January: Reel Steel; February: Ghost Rider 2 and Puss ‘N Boots; March: The Three Musketeers; I forgot what we we watched during April; and May: The Avengers and Sherlock Holmes 2.
If you just picked up all the clothes on this floor, you could actually find something in your room. –MOM
Once both cakes were baked and cooled, I began making the filling. Since I knew that the brown sugar cake was going to be pretty sweet, I wanted the filling to be light. so I whipped up a batch of cream cheese frosting, and then lightened it with a batch of freshly whipped cream.
Originally coming to live in Christchurch via Los Angeles and Washington DC, Keinyo White now spends his time illustrating and travelling back and forth between New Zealand and his homeland of the United States.
Luke Kuechly is a three-year starter who immediately took over the reigns after Mark Herzlich (New York Giants) had informed his team and general public that he had been diagnosed with Ewing’s Sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. Kuechly went on to become the ACC Rookie of the Year for his play in 2009. In 2010 Kuechly moved inside and set school records for tackles in a season and was named a 1st team All-American, which was the first in Boston College History since 1998. This season Kuechly once again blew up the stat sheet by accounting for an astounding 191 tackles, which was good enough for most in the nation. For his career Kuechly accounted for an amazing 532 tackles breaking his school and conference records set by Stephen Boyd, who made 524 career stops in his illustrious career. Luke Kuechly also went on to receive numerous awards at the culmination of the 2011 season including The Butkus Award, Lombardi Award, LOTT Impact Trophy and Bronco Nagurski Trophy. Luke Kuechly has decided to skip his final year of eligibility to enter the 2012 NFL Draft where he is considered by many to be the best linebacker available. Let’s take a look at what makes Luke Kuechly so special.
Measurements are approximate...
Current Adult Workshops:
So what happens? Women then leave the theatres in their female posse packs shouting “awwww that was soooo sweet!!” and with more mixed and confused feelings on what it is she wants in a man and how to look for it. Often times women are guilted into liking the nice overly sensitive romantic guy who pursues her relentlessly – b/c “he understands her” “he’s nice” “he’s there for her”. And that internal struggle continues with women and thus why so many women cannot really express or say what it really is they want in a man – and will often end up in relationships with men more so out of feeling she “has” to be with that kind of guy rather than her raw feelings of wanting to be with him.
Ligeia loves Paris. The beautiful city with the vibrant street life, monuments and history is amazing, and it suits an open minded girl like Ligeia with her alternative style a lot better, then her hometown Rennes with more narrow minded and conventional population. But she recommends Rennes for a visit, to see a traditional French town with a combination of medieval streets and more modern buildings.
The lady is stamped with black Stayzon ink onto quick laminate, and gilding flakes put behind her hat band and flowers and attached to card inked in vintage stains, cut and layered and mounted. There is some random stamping using flourishes on the background card.
- a funny old bra hanger
Is this the result of the slashing of library budgets begun in the Reagan administration? Is your lack of information due to a lack of a library? Is this a result of the reduction in news holes in newspapers as that industry struggles to survive against electronic competition?
The following are some of the criteria that will be taken into account:
Then again, we feel like we have known you all of our lives, and you will be in our hearts forever and beyond.
There are really only two tips I ever pass out, both of which I think can easily apply to any of you in any stage of your writing career.
Wherever you live, pay attention to what is new in your market and what is on sale, and you will find it easier to eat locally throughout the year.
“During the past seven years, we’ve endured four combat deployments. As hard as they were and as unbearable as this is now, we would not have changed any of it. He loved his country and he did what he did so that fellow service members could safely return to their families.”
Dick Clark, at first glance, seems trivial and unimportant. Just a talking head introducing the latest teen idols. A pleasant voice, face, and demeanor calculated to not offend, unless of course you found that very inoffensiveness offensive. But this isn’t fair. Dick Clark cared about popular music. At a time when rock n’ roll was being derided by Frank Sinatra as a vile aphrodisiac Dick Clark showed that this new music wasn’t about crime and immorality, or at least, it didn’t have to be. Dick Clark saw that if teenage music was to survive it had to change, lest it be driven underground where it might just fade away into oblivion. He also loved rhythm and blues, and although he is remembered for Fabian, Frankie Avalon, Bobby Vee and other vanilla squishy soft rockers, he also contributed to the success of Sam Cooke, Smokie Robinson and the Miracles, Chubby Checker, and other black artists. If Dick Clark had been as conservative as some believe, he would have allowed rock n’ roll and r & b to die, leaving us with the rat pack. I think Dick Clark wanted to be hip, but he just couldn’t make it work. That actually added to his charm. He remained the upbeat dj with the perfect teeth, perpetually young until his death. His message was simple. Pop music is good clean fun. He was never taken seriously by anyone, and that is the way he liked it. You couldn’t really knock him because he had no pretensions. He knew he was just a familiar face introducing us to the imaginary world of pop music. That is the key thing to understand about Dick Clark, American Bandstand, and Rockin’ New Years Eve, it is all a show. It is a pop music version of Disneyland. None of it is serious. It is selling us the modern American myth of malt shops, drive-in’s, fast cars, and a sweet innocence. None of it was real and almost no one was fooled. Of course not all of it was imaginary. Teenagers had the opportunity on American Bandstand to watch teenagers just like themselves dancing to the same songs they listened to. You could root for the song you wanted to see make it to number one. It provided a shared experience which really doesn’t have a contemporary equivalent. Pop music today tends to be fragmented, and the whole idea is to celebrate decadence and irony. Innocence? It never really existed except in the imaginary universe of places like American Bandstand. It is true that by today’s standards Dick Clark seems bland, but his blandness made a revolutionary new trend in music acceptable to the parents, and the moguls of the music industry. Because of that, the way was prepared for the arrival of the Beatles and everything that followed. For that, we owe Dick Clark a debt.
June 12 - Laura Ziskin, film producer ("Spider-Man"), 61
79) I am very, very lonely, and I was wonderin’…
Have a Peachy Day! xo Angelica
Til her daddy takes the... minivan?... away.
Goncalo, J. A., & Staw, B. M. (2006). Individualism–collectivism and group creativity. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 100(1), 96-109. doi: 10.1016/j.obhdp.2005.11.003
WASHINGTON (AP) – During his presidential campaign in 2007, Republican candidate Mitt Romney promised that a trust overseeing his financial portfolio would shed any investments that conflicted with GOP positions toward Iran, China, stem cell research …
Here it is, PeaTalk:
Opalescent fabric is hard to stitch on at night with all those sparkle threads glaring back at me. Then I sought out and and found my $1.00 pink magnify glasses, which work far better than those expensive bi-focals. The glitter was getting to be just too much so I pulled out a project I worked on during a few winters except for 2009 and 10.
She was a plain jane. Faded yellow with raggedy little wings, windswept,sidewalk scuffed, Cinderellish. But Oh God, could she dance....swirly twirls in the air, and head first dip~dives straight from the sky, barely missing her nose on the upturn. And she's lived to be a 100 years old or more....in Storyland...
Share this blog with friends!
DK: Third-party oversight is important to ensure the integrity of and confidence in the methodology and the numbers. ABC has a long history as a trusted source and is also seen as an organization that identifies change and reacts to it.
Stop swerving!
The man gestured to the short wall of the courtyard and John nodded. The man stepped over the wall and said, “I am Malchus ben Levi and I am asking people about their encounters with Jesus the supposed Christ.”
This site is a representation of futility. Its circumstances mean that it is the definition of a catch-22, every positive assessment has a negative one to counteract it. Rendering any argument for saving the site as ultimately bollocks.
So then Sweet P decides to lean on the door and before I can say a peep the door SWINGS open just as someone walks into the restroom. Sweet P falls to her bottom and I grab the swinging door to close it (yet again) and squish poor Baby Blue in the process. Baby Blue squeaks and is done napping.
Juliexx
Week one went pretty well. Rhino knows that I am blogging our journey and I think she is thinking things through a little more before acting. Rhino while still challenging most of what I say, has kept her body under control (ie not being violent).
Free parking. Advance tickets cost $65. Tickets at the door cost $75.
With state TV and radio off the air, we turn to Africable TV for news. Their anchors describe having met some of the mutineers, who claim to be demanding only greater resources to fight the rebellion in northern Mali, and who say they are not trying to take over the government. Private radio stations are still broadcasting, but none of them seems to be airing any local news — perhaps fearing that troops will shut them down next? By 9 p.m. Africable TV too has gone dark.
2. You See A Broken Heart
It’s a fine line the line between success and failure, as I suspect Stuart Pearce told his underachieving bunch of overpaid wasters after the game.
I think I expected everything to change instantly: that I’d magically become more outgoing and make a ton of new friends in one fell swoop, and I was a bit disappointed when that didn’t happen. But I did really like the atmosphere of camp, and I did make some new, tentative friendships. And as I continued to make my way into the unschooling community by going to a couple of conferences with my mother and sister, and going to Not Back to School Camp again the next year, I started realizing that, slowly but surely, I was making quite a few friends. I found myself keeping in touch with those friends, even though they lived far away, and
So who helps you when the chips are down, when you want to give up and chuck your manuscript down the garbage chute?
Here is the blurb on the back:
He’d known that this day would eventually come and he knew what he had to do. He’d known for quite a while now, actually. But the knowing didn’t make it any easier. There was no possible way to ignore the fact that his heart was pleading with him to leave his house—to just leave it to the ghosts that had recently started residing with him and ignore their requests.
We were all on our way out to the garden.
Those shares have been sold to Genii and will be then taken by Lotus Cars, which is owned by Proton.
I questioned the originality, relevance and feasibility of the proposed policies and a frank discussion ensued. It seemed clear, from Hart’s reaction and subsequent behaviour, that he had indeed taken authorship of that misguided policy.
Well, I do.
As for David Eisler, who walked away from a $500K book deal to self-publish . . . We purposely don’t send you to the homepage because we think the tips to writers is more what you’re looking for, and we’re kind of G-rated operation at FAB.
Everybody likes to be the voice of opposition. We all want to be different. It just sounds so damn cool to be the guy who thinks the number one guy (Luck) sucks, and the number two guy (Griffin) is really better, but has gone unappreciated (I am being sarcastic with this statement). We have all basically become the sports-equivalent of hipsters with thick-rimmed black glasses, and t-shirts with cartoon characters on them. We all want to be just a little bit different.
to the Siberian forest
Now haven’t anything to grow
I got home and had to work with the kids on their homework for a little bit. After that, Heather came home and we watched “Dr. Phil” while she got dinner ready. We then sat down and ate dinner together. After dinner, I went into the basement and played some COD:BO before taking some more pictures of “Lord of the Rings” Miniatures to sell on Ebay. After working on that for about an hour and a half, I then started to watch some of my usual Wednesday night shows including “Survivor: South Pacific”, “Harry’s Law”, and “CSI” while I DVR’d “Criminal Minds”, “The New Girl”, and “Law and Order: SVU” before heading to bed.
Long Shot: Pedro Almodóvar and Agustín Almodóvar (Adapted Screenplay)
Loki - a bit of an unstable character - finds out about the mistletoe. He makes an arrow out of it and seeks out Balder's blind brother, Hod, to see if he wants to join in the game of Throw Stuff at The Invincible God. Loki guides Hod's arm, and Balder dies. A last, desperate attempt to bring Balder back from death fails because the condition given - that every living thing weeps for him - is not fulfilled because of Loki, now pretending to be a giantess living in a forest and refusing to cry a single tear. (I found suggestions on the internet that Frigga wept big fat tears which turned into the white berries of the mistletoe and thus brought Balder back, but the books say Nordic texts make no mention of a resurrection. Faced with a choice between trusting the web and the printed word, I will always come down on the side of the books.)
I don’t own any extra of the BVs and not too many of the Vs either, so I feel rather proud of how she turned out – smiles… I wish I had got a little extra high lights into her hair – but overall I’m pleased with my finished result here. I was going for a darker look and I feel this is what I achieved here. The main highlights on the dress and pleats I’m very happy with! :0)
This is mine; go away.
“It’s a spectacularly bizarre market, in terms of the way people consume music.”
Lesson: There can be worlds pressed into pages.
Fill the seemingly blank spaces about you with the thought of God, Infinite Good. Then remember the word God is a seed. It must grow.
But this time, people fell straight into this obviously absurd statement.
I hope they do this again next year, so when I've got a husband and all that good stuff I can pay it forward to someone else who might be having a tough Mother's Day.
From the bottom of my heart I'd like to say thank you to a fellow Malaysian Blogger zulkbo for promoting my humble blog in his posting today. I am touched and grateful for the honour. May Allah bless you and your family with baraqah and hidayah always and repay your kindness towards me.
Where do you write best? I write best with a legal pad and .9 pencil while lounging across my bed.
and have delivered us up to our guilt.
The shutter speed (exposure) is the amount of time that your camera’s shutter remains open allowing light to hit the sensor. With digital photography, the shutter speed is how long we expose the sensor to the scene allowing the camera to produce an image. Shutter speed is also referred to as exposure.
But Germany and Russia hold the #2 spot. And Canada comes in 3rd.
The soft muffled footsteps that Naida and he created served as the only noises to keep the surroundings as silent as a tomb. The soldier woman who accompanied him made considerably less noise than he did, despite wearing what looked to be armor.
I would love to read your comments.
Wells describes a 7-point story structure which BLEW MY MIND. You've heard of the three-act formula? This works the same way, except with seven points, because more is always better, right?
She's babbling like crazy, but hasn't said any actual words, aside from your typical "mama", "dada", "baba" stuff. Sometimes I think I hear her say, "Hi" and "yeah", but who knows!
Another contradiction in this book is how poetic and beautiful it could be. The encounter with the Virgin Mary is spectacularly gorgeous. I like that Hearne intermingles the deities and that he’s respectful in how he deals with them. In a book so full of humor and sarcasm, it is nice to see that some things are off limits.
with help from Brother Jeffery
2 check
Isn't this GORGEOUS !!!
for it, but he still doesn't get why I like it.
Ignore
Even though my side lost, I still had a ton of fun!
- Stand By Me. This movie, made from Stephen king's novella The Body, quite possibly ties for best adaptation.
It just clicked you have 3 boys,and 3 girls, does the order go boy, girl, boy, girl, boy, girl? - BBA
She also started making what she refers to as ‘boob chains’.
you to have your loins covered with truth, righteousness as your breastplate,
The two boys fell silent, just passing the joint as they stared out into the woods. The soft droning of insects drowned out the distant, blaring sounds of the city. Was it possible to escape the city and still be in it at the same time? Was it possible to forget all your problems in a puff of smoke? Marley really missed playing D&D. It had been his weekly escape from Washington Heights. Marley kicked at the crack vials and clenched his fists. He sighed, closed his eyes and let the monotonous buzz of the insects hijack his thoughts, the droning cleared his head, left it empty, clear of worry. Tranquil.
I almost agree with you but there have been reports from Glock that some model .40 can discharge when first chambering a round do to design issues of part of the extractor touching the primer. check it out.Hmmm....
Dear FIFA
I just thought I would share a couple of my favorite cocktails that we enjoy!
Colin is retiring next Friday the 11th so I downloaded a digi from Mo's pencil and printed it onto watercolour paper, I think this is Tom and Tilly coloured with promarkers (my hair is purple) someone said the image looked like us right down to the size of bum! I really enjoyed colouring this, I do adore her images. I backed it with papers and images from my craft studio printed onto matt photo paper.
Apparently, I'm far behind the times with my little Google follower icon up there.
With the hat out of the way, all I would need now is the jacket and pants. There where a few other pieces that sparked my interest but can wait since they would only help to enhance the full coordinate.
I think the loss of both Hamhuis and Rome has seriously hurt the Canucks ability to perform effectively. Henrik is obviously playing hurt, as is Kesler, and Luongo has lost his confidence or his focus, something is wrong. As a team, they seem intimidated. They’ve allowed the Bruins to get inside their heads, and allowed them to shake them off their game. Henrik and Daniel need to step up and be the leaders they can be, and Kesler has to find a way to get the magic back. Burrows, Torres, Bieksa, Maholtra, they all need to ‘bring it’, and in a huge way.
The Cinefest 2012 program can be found here:
And girls your biggest test is passed when you can control your emotions and see beyond your imagination. You show amazing grace and beauty when you won’t sell out your body for love. You become a woman of mystery when you don’t allow your emotions to lie to you about something you don’t have. The power of a woman is in her ability to manage her emotions and not let her emotions control her.
5. I am richly blessed.
There is also a growing movement towards the work/life balance philosophy. People have begun to realise that working their 10 and 12-hour day to impress the boss and climb the corporate ladder – or simply to get through the work that should be handled by two people – mostly leads to burnout, depression and broken families. Loads should be shared – and time given back to us to live our lives with greater fulfillment. In fact, I think that aspect should be added to the list of human rights.
Sound pretty bad doesn't it? But check out what other climateologists have to say. I suggest you read this
Talking of love, I sometimes wonder if it is indeed the most “loosely” used word in English dictionary… do we really mean it when we use it? Then how do people fall in and out of love with so much ease, as if just changing into a fresh piece of clothing!
I am not the kind of person that normally believes in conspiracy theories, but this one is different. The Obama administration has been one of the most corrupt, and there is already evidence of voter fraud. Barack Obama has documented ties to radical leftists (like Bill Ayers and his own mother) and professional racists (like Jeremiah Wright and Derrick Bell). These radicals have been waiting to elect a radical president, and now they have one. However, Obama hasn’t consistently governed like a radical. He doesn’t look like a president who has a very sinister ulterior motive based on his record (to me, he just looks like a misguided “social democrat”). That is why I think he is waiting for his second term, when he will have “more flexibility” to enact his radical agenda. That he hasn’t used the opportunity he had in his first term to do so tells me that he was confident that he would be re-elected, and he would have to be very confident. And the only way he could be very confident is if the upcoming election is to be rigged (or he is just a narcissist).
Where the book falls down though is (once again) the mere hint of the esoteric. I don’t mind fantasy elements in novels like this, but Auel is incredily half-arsed about it. There is a lot less of it in this than in the first but it does feel slightly out of place and superficial with no real point. Again, I would have preferred either the fantasy to play a bigger part than it actually does or that it is omitted entirely.
Just as Jesus struggled to carry the cross up the hill Golgotha, the struggles we face in following Christ are a burden. Usually these burdens are among the things most precious to us, but to be Jesus’ disciple we must be willing to pay any cost.
All I aim for each night I gig is that I learn something from the experience, even if nobody else does.
Cost breakdown for this project:
The change in the law, which was initiated by Labour and is now on the statute book, would cut both ways. Fathers who do not want to be named on a birth certificate would – like mothers who refuse to name a father – be breaking the law and be liable for a financial penalty.
So today, I want to thank all the Veteran's that currently serve and have served our Great Nation so that I can be FREE!! THANK YOU!!
Sometimes I wonder if the world would look more beautiful with graffiti everywhere, than without it.
“And this is life…life unfinished, noisy, as is. The very best we can hope for here and now” (p. 32-33)
What was not in the plans was infertility. Everyone around them was having children, both inside and outside of marriage, so how would they have known they had a different path to walk?
Weaver, playing the role of Lidia, transforms into a variety of different women, including the daughter of the captain of the Titanic. Critics proclaimed her the "principal attraction" of the unusual play. "She begins in pigtails and tiny skirt as a sexy Shirley Temple and ends as a predatory black widow in deep decolletage," said Times critic Mel Gussow.
Cowboy hats donned in crowded bars,
They say we teach best what we most need to learn. So true, friends, so true.
* Great American Beer Festival rules dictate that to be eligible for the Pro-Am, the home brewer MUST be an American Home Brewer Association member. Fortunately, Saint Arnold Brewing Company is hosting an AHA rally on 2/15/09, so if you are not a member, you can easily become one at this fun filled event. Check out further details at: www.SaintArnold.com
Dress: Wet Seal - $15 on sale
“I’m very happy that a lot of families have little children,“ she said, urging parents to hold on to their children, and bring them up right.
I live on a military base in a house up against an elementary school. Every day I hear the children playing in the school yard now that the new school year is started. I can hear the bell that rings every morning at eight thirty calling them to class. I can here the teacher's whistles as they line up their wards during physical education. I hear when the school day ends, but that is not all I hear.
Well it turns out its true. But I mean REALLY REALLY true. Like we planned to go over our budget and even had a “secret emergency budget” to pay for that but when we blew through that 6 months into the project and were still roofless we realised that yes renovating costs a lot of money and then some. I went back to work early (leaving my 11 week old son) after maternity leave because we couldn’t afford for me to be not earning any longer, I had to choose a roof or stay with my child who I felt deserved a roof! Every purchase for the house is carefully scrutinized for maximum efficiency, cost and quality. We try not to scrimp but try instead to spend carefully – making sure to buy the materials that can do a job right the first time and do it well but are as reasonable as possible. All of this is Jon – he research’s things for hours to make sure he’s getting the best possible deal and then he will still try to negotiate (he always been good at that whereas I suck at it!!).
P.S. As usual. I've really messed up this post. Nothing is where I want it to be and I don't know how to fix it. Maybe it's a good thing that I have not been able to blog on the soulful sparrow blog. Right Mary?
He rises
Blood and bruises,
Frost clings raw to the iron-clad earth. The sun rises, ruddied
Update:
Having my two eldest both in school at the Wonderful Catholic School which we are so incredibly blessed to have available has been a true mixed blessing. On the wonderful side, they are learning so much from an incredible faculty! And the focus that is required, the self-discipline and time management--that's all definitely fantastic.
But politicians tend to be timid in the face of democratic populism, and the will of the voter — no matter how uninstructed, how bigoted or biased — seems to hold sway over their own opinions. I have met politicians on both sides of the fence who have confided in me their fears and anxiety over where the nation-building process in Malaysia is heading, and who know that if this trend continues there will not be one Malaysia but several Malaysias, that live side by side but remain clueless about their neighbours. But these very same politicians seem captive to the ballot box and paralysed when it comes to doing what is necessary, albeit unpopular. They cannot speak out for fear of losing their so-called ‘natural vote bases’, that happen to be ethnic and linguistic vote bases, reflective of our fractured society. And so the charade continues, and we remain a nation that studies, and lives, apart.
I ignored Jim's eyeball glaring and very rude comments (something about scatter-brain-something) and got on the VHF in a desperate plea to borrow someone's radio mic so that my husband could at least test our new radio. Cruisers can be such nice people and someone did come to my rescue. And our Icom works!
We went to Max's birthday party this morning over at the Jay fire house, and Colden had such a blast!
I still remember the feel of a letter in my hand with the handwriting expressing personal feelings and information so simply with nothing more than a pen. In fact, the wait to receive a letter itself was so joyful. And, you would feel like reading the letter again and again. Today, does the email or SMS give us the same joy? When people personally write by hand from afar the letters remind us that somebody somewhere has made time for us to sit and patiently write to us. Today, it is the age of the computers, of technology ruling the lives of humanity. It is the era of web sites and emails, of chats online and portals. Be it a letter or an article, one makes use of the keyboard as it faster, easier and more convenient. One does not have to worry about anything else. Where does that leave the poor pens, those lovely long hand instruments?
and going swimming doesn't get his underwear wet - what?!
"Maybe it's a perfect storm," he said of the Trayvon Martin tragedy.
Author Barclay had a good concept with the romance of the novel, unfortunately he was not able to deliver.
Starting all over again, when I've come this far with DD....
Anyhow, on the night we shared a table with Bob and Jeanette, she told us that they had recently received a check from a customer for their purchase. The check was made out to the......
For thine was the promise, cast iron, and plighted. for ever and ever.
* Tunecore is now joining forces with Topspin, a tie-up that will feature cross-deals and promotions between the platforms, as well as the ability to automatically transfer materials across services.
"You see that part of the river there?" Jack said, pointing and checking his map. "That's called Funeral Range!"
While that’s happening, place the egg yolks and lime zest in a bowl and, using an electric hand mixer, whisk them for about 2 minutes, or until the egg has thickened, then add the condensed milk and whisk for another 4 minutes. Finally, add the lime juice and give it another quick whisk, then pour the whole lot on to the baked crust and return it to the oven for another 20 minutes, or until it feels just set when you lightly press the centre with your little finger. Now remove it from the oven and, when it’s completely cold, cover it with clingfilm and chill until needed. Serve cut in slices with crème fraîche and a twist of lime for decoration.
1) I am thrilled to have access to my friend's beautiful villa in a Florida coastal town. This weekend the children and I reveled in the quiet, the expansive space, the gorgeous surroundings, and the ability to focus with few distractions.
Drags me over to the bed and gets the little balsa wood paddle out. I was pulling and resisting and doing circles to get out of his grip. He was actually impressed with my maneuvering tactics although he wasn't all that impressed with my resisting. We were still kind of laughing though.
Quite clean; the herbal sweetness of the vermouth went well with the citrus, pine and earthiness of the gin, making this another clean cocktail with good balance.
This fine piece of mid-80's electro/funk/pop is called "Don't talk to strangers."
I look forward to your comments: As ever, I have probably missed an important point :)
Overall then Undead Nightmare is a must buy if you loved Red Dead Redemption. You will easily get your money’s worth from the campaign alone but the multiplayer additions are definitely worth checking out – killing Zombies has never been so much fun!
Area of expertise, a particular skill...
This is where we are.
And I never ran again.
As I'm driving up to the window, I am thinking about that darn penny.
20. Rocking Time (Original single mix)
Whorton MD. Male reproductive hazards. Occup Med 1986; 1: 375-379.
After Chronic City was published, Wikipedia had to lock down the Marlon Brando page because fans of the book were trying to revive him in keeping with the book’s plot.
My style is abstract, intuitive, and is based on my immediate responses to the piece as it develops. The minute I start to let my left brain get in the way of my work, I might as well leave the studio and do something else for the rest of the day. Here is a painting that I think shows how I work. (Ritual 23)
O'er the broad face of England creeps
For being the first answer MJ will receive, for her prize, on her next visit to Hollywood, a nice long walk. Walking tour, that is.
there are lesions – somewhere – and at some time i will find you & you will recognize me as a friend or imaginary love and regardless of your intentions i will never want to let you go.
Street Revenge
I hope all of my homeschool readers had a great start back to school too.
You don't realize this, but you've all helped me through a really difficult time.
May we all have peace and joy.
In my opinion, the lyrics explains the very first step of relationship
20 Ghost Ships
I am happy to say that I just got an email from the Canadian Scrapbook Magazine and they want this page to publish in their magazine!!!! With the letter I was asked to remove it from all online sites so that is why there is no picture of the layout here now.
The other thing I want to add is like, in this context of, you know, the article, though very good points and many people in the movement felt it was good because it sparked a conversation, it came at a time when it was—it almost derailed us. And we worked with each other, you know, on the issue of Trinity and Duarte Square, and it’s like, we would have appreciated a phone call, because we would have facilitated these conversations, which needed to happen. And because of—thanks to your article, we’ve overcome it, and we have a deeper sense, because we’ve talked about violence versus diversity of tactics back in August, and it was heated conversations. But many other people joined, and the conversation needed to be had again. And this is why we have Tidal, to always have these conversations.
I will do other events… if they qualify as life’s best moments. Marriage, birth, celebration, endeavor! Can you think of other ‘best’ moments?
I felt it. I didn’t know it ... and to be honest, I still have a hard time saying “I’m an author” because in my world, authors are pretty important people ... and I don’t know if I see myself that way.
For as long as I can remember (and I was born in 1953), the bright and gifted children in the standard classroom was the most neglected of all students, since academic standards were geared to the “norm,” also called “median” or “mediocre.” Slow learners and mentally challenged, after mainstreaming, consumed what little time and energy a teacher had left. The bright and gifted were pretty much “on their own,” which is why I believe that programs like KIPP can be useful if run properly.
Sewing this cushion together at the back (the last seam) was trickier than the first because I hadn't left much excess fabric to work with. After some help holding it properly from Z, a broken nail, and some severely sore and tired hands, the cushion was closed (but looked like crap on that back seam) and fitted to the chair. Shhh, don't tell anyone how bad the back seam was. :)
'Twas more than I could take, pity for pity's sake
6:00-- Lovely cold shower once again followed by beauty routine.
Jackson was born August 29, 1958, in Gary, Indiana, to an African-American working-class family. His father, Joseph Jackson, had been a guitarist but had put aside his musical aspirations to provide for his family as a crane operator. Believing his sons had talent, he molded them into a musical group in the early 1960s. At first, the Jackson Family performers consisted of Michael’s older brothers Tito, Jermaine, and Jackie. Michael joined his siblings when he was five, and emerged as the group’s lead vocalist. He showed remarkable range and depth for such a young performer, impressing audiences with his ability to convey complex emotions. Older brother Marlon also became a member of the group, which evolved into the The Jackson5.
For those readers who do not wish to read this article in its entirety, then the four links in the paragraph above will take you to all the relevant pages, but be sure to do the Christian test as well as the Islam test at the end of each revision section. A word of caution however: if you suffer from high blood pressure or have a dicky ticker I would advise you to steer well clear.
On my quest for social media knowledge and learning I continue to attend lots of social media events, most recently SMWF Europe. After attending many sessions it sprung to mind that although there is still a lot of buzz around social media, most businesses are not truly utilising this channel. I hope that the following piece on social business may resonate with you to take action within your organisation and start your own social business journey.
Usually when I make chicken strips I pan fry them. But that requires closely monitoring the frying process and if I am distracted by other things can lead to burned chicken strips. My family will still eat them slightly burned, but last night I didn’t want to take the chance because I was doing a bit of multi-tasking. So I made baked chicken strips instead. I’ve made these before, but I modified my usual recipe a bit and they turned out tender and better than usual.
It rains a lot in Washington. It’s not the torrential downpours of the southeast where the heavens seem to open from above, gutters overflow in seconds and you are literally soaked to the bone walking from sidewalk to doorstep. That kind of rain makes you begin to fully understand just what a “flash flood” refers to. In Washington it drizzles. There is a moist drip-drop-plop over an extended period of time. Think hours, days, maybe even weeks. The ground never dries out. The moss becomes thick and heavy. And, there is a moldy dampness that lingers from fall through winter and into spring. But, golly the summers are splendid. We wait all year for those days.
my father was a pathologist and I know that these standard blood tests are done by machines. Yes, they need the lab techs to put the blood in the vials or tubes or whatever and put them in the machines and push the start buttons, but these are basically automated actions. There is no legitimate reason for these common tests to cost so much. Judging by the fact that they charged me $9.25 for a pill we paid 80¢ for at the pharmacy and the almost $150 for the tetanus shot and the $337 for TSH (thyroid) that costs me less than half that and includes a cholesterol panel as well when I get it done at the doctor's office, I think I can say with certainty that these
- If you have used any products purchased from Crafty Boots add 'CB' after your name to get two entries into the prize draw!
By sending you my best smile
Bake for 13-15 minutes or until golden. Allow to cool on the tray for a minute then move to a wire rack to cool completely.
Although I didn’t achieve these 2 things I still looked after myself and maintained a happy glow.
Thanks to Geek Kish for recording the show live, and sending the original mp3s to me in 5 neatly organized parts. I removed all music and leveled out the volumes somewhat. Anyone wishing to get the original mp3s may go here: http://www.wolfspiritradio.com/archive/dl.php?id=Freedom_Reigns.
Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend
“Sir, there’s a call for you on the radio,” the comms guy was obviously nervous.
Capitol Records put out the Capitol Years Vols. 1 and 2 a few years back but Vol. 3 never saw the light of day. If you’re not familiar, these were updated re-issues of Capitol’s Beatles catalog available for the first time on CD. In essence these were the American albums through Rubber Soul. Speculation was that the Vol. 3 was never released because the Beatles, who prefer the British catalog (for good reason) were going to re-release those in updated format.
The U.S. could comply with the WTO ruling numerous ways. It could ignore a ruling by the organization which many believe is interference in U.S. public health efforts to reduce teen smoking. If the U.S. ignores the ruling, Indonesia could retaliate on U.S. exports for the amount it lost in trade. The U.S. could offer Indonesia new trade concessions without changing the current tobacco law. Or the U.S. could include menthol cigarettes in its ban of flavored tobacco products, which would resolve the ruling.
don’t worry, there’s enough police.
whipporwhills
7. Return the logs to the captain, who in turn will give you the rusty old compass, AND offer you a free nautical lesson!
Tulisa shot to the top of the charts yesterday with her single, topping off a stellar week which also saw her named the world’s sexiest woman by FHM magazine.
Some were pushing baby carriages and carrying young children on their shoulders. Many held clever homemade posters.
Intrinsic factor is essential for the absorption of cobalamin. A lack of intrinsic factor also leads to pernicious anemia, so called because it persists despite iron supplementation. Neurologic symptoms often precede anemia when cobalamin is deficient.
Embellished with paper flowers , buttons,safety pin die cut & mini rhinestones.
I've been having the strangest dreams lately! Last night I was making parrots on a hot head torch (they wear chubby little parrots, really cute) The last one kept getting bigger and bigger and ended up to be life sized.....huge! I was almost finished, just had to add the beak when my tank of gas started running out.
2. Tunic (Dorothy Perkins)
♥ Garnier Skin Naturals Miracle Skin Perfector B.B Cream.
As I played WoW, and learned more of the lore behind the Elven races, I realized, despite their outward appearances, the Blood Elves are more akin to the Drow then the Night Elves are.
Together. This should be a simple challenge for most of you – find a picture of people or things which are together in your picture.
This post was a draft written over a year ago. I decided to get back in the groove of writing with a bungy jump of courage by just pressing “publish” with no further editing. The past year has gone by so quickly. It was the best of times and the ‘worst’ of times. I have studied and travelled. My ankle has not fully recovered. I did wear an anklet and flaunt my scars last summer and then I stumbled on the stairs and loosened some screws in my inner hardware (ugh).
Back in New York, officers brought out kettling nets to cordon off any unruly protesters, while there were reports on Twitter of teargas being used along Broadway near Union Square.
In the coming weeks I'll review some of the ones that were a lot funnier.
Karen (Martin Sampson), thank you for your lovely instruction on how to try to paint like Billingsley. I'm going to make the effort next time I paint. I'm dealing with the fatigue this week again. Stress, extra running around after work, work itself, and family concerns (siblings and mom) are sucking the life out of me. I hope to find some peaceful time on Sunday to work on a piece.
“Say it again.”
*hugs*
The Meyer Lemon is not actually a real lemon but a cross between a lemon, a type of orange and a mandarin. While it retains most of the characteristics of a lemon, it has a bit less acidity, less bitterness, more sweetness and thinner skin. The skin of the Meyer Lemon lacks the typical zest of a real lemon. It has gained favor because it bears a heavy crop and it is a relatively hardy plant.Ignore the part about the zest. I used every molecule of that lemon I got and the zestiness of the skin was just fine. In fact, it's an advantage because you don't have to scrape the pith, which in itself has lots of bioflavanoids.
Zhao RP, Yang SQ, Huang L, Chang XX, Zhang X, Xu ZS, Liu RF. Analysis of sterile male semen of occupational drivers. (Chinese) Zhonghua Nan Ke Xue 2003; 9: 515-6, 519.
Category: Non-fiction: Medicine
I colored her with StampinUp markers
No price tag, ribbon, or wrap.
a) have a “she” in your life who wants to get slapped in order to have an orgasm
Barcelona did not actually play badly, I very much doubt that anyone is trying to argue this, but their play in the final third really let them down. That was plain to see by the glaring misses from Cesc Fabregas and Alexis Sanchez.
So maybe I actually made this particular counterattack up….
America Now cyber expert, Theresa Payton, says that “digital is forever. The Library of Congress collects information that might be vital to our Nation’s history. That mission extends to digital data, but they usually don’t collect everything digital and hold it forever. Tweets are the exception and Payton tells us why:
You must be a public follower of The Chocolate Cult. You can do this three ways -- follow this blog, follow us on Facebook, or connect through Networked Blogs. Please make sure you use the same name in your comment below so I can confirm. If you include a note saying which way you are following that will help me a lot. Any comment that does not address the question below for the contest will be removed so I have an accurate number for the giveaway.
S Thayaparan, a retired navy commander:
Dogtag Necklace Sale!
I think it happened this past Thursday evening when I went to a conference where the speaker was Graham Cooke and the worship that led up to the speaker was decidedly Pentecostal in flavor. I’m from a traditionally conservative (read: boring) worship tradition so being involved in a Pentecostal worship service was rather like leaving the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and entering a mosh pit at an Anthrax concert. I spent most of my time trying to worship, but mostly sitting slack-jawed and observing the worshipers.
The mighty German battle-cruiser lay silent in the Atlantic fog, waiting, her guns loaded and ready. And straight into this trap a convoy of heavily-laden merchant ships was sailing.
B) To make sure they are not alone with the child? Er, no.
The stolen loot should be returned and American museums should start acknowledging their debts to Germany's Jewish community and the German avant-garde of the 1920's and 30's.
The former police chief of Romulus, Mi., Michael St. Andre, and five officers from a special investigative division allegedly spent more than $100,000 in forfeited drug money to buy booze, marijuana, prostitutes, lavish trips, and a tanning salon for the ex-chief’s wife, reports the Detroit News. Prosecutor Kym Worthy said the officers falsified reports and misused city funds to deposit cash into personal bank accounts. More allegedly was spent on a rehearsal dinner for an informant and on false payments to informants.
If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head.
Angel Holocaust play a dirge black metal with death metal bits thrown in here and there (a common theme throughout the Day as you’ll see). The set wasn’t overly long, but I liked what I heard. If I had one complaint it’s that the band are pretty static on stage. But then again, maybe that’s the look they’re going for. 3 fists.
There are reports from Market News International that property developers are paying 6-10% a month for financing. The lower copper goes the more developers need to sell. Margin calls in markets are never pretty. This spiral in copper is spreading fear of a hard landing for China around the world.
But that hasn't stopped me from thinking about shopping for wedding dresses... Heh heh heh.
The optimism
After the spread of christianity, Vikings started erecting stave churches based on the techniques they already knew from boat construction and home building, a technique that combines art with wood work. The wood carvings is excellent examples of Viking art, which flourished in Scandinavia from about 800 to 1050.
Elsewhere, the women lay out their dead:
9. Jester King Thrash Metal
4 T. butter
It says much about the scale of the problem that, in its 10 year existence, in which it has dealt with hundreds of journalists, the DA has not resorted to such an action before. It is worth pointing out too that during this same period many negative stories have been written about the DA by a wide variety of journalists with which the DA has no argument.
For me, I LOVE having this information front & center by the door.
445290 Other specialty food stores
40So take care that these words of the prophets do not come true for you;
Happy (slow)
The Tolkien Society has declared this day to be “Tolkien Reading Day”, and encouraged any all Peoples to visit or revisit Middle Earth on March 25.
We also see Balarama delighted with the valour of Abhimanyu and saying that he is equal in valour to all the Pandavas.
domestic abuse is where I started this soapbox from but it has grown into so much more since that! (Check out my website) .... There must be an end to the madness we call inhumanity... the list goes on and on .... domestic abuse, child abuse, elder abuse, pet abuse, racism, prejudices of any kind! Why is it so easy for so many people to be mean? Seriously, it is just as easy to be nice as it is to be mean . . . don't you think?
--I added another medal to my half-marathon collection (bringing the total to two, don't be impressed)
A year ago, if you had asked me what the best thing that ever happened to me was I wouldn’t have hesitated to say “Sam”. I loved her and cherished every moment we spent together, despite the fact that I really had no idea how to show it. I’m sure it’s obvious now how my view of her impact on my life has changed.
A 732-year-old fairrier cat the size of a horse has killed his fair share of hunters. Driven to the brink of extinction for the supernatural powers of his coat, is he indeed the last of his kind?
and fall asleep, but
(If you've never had to bring a gift to a child's birthday party, you can answer with what you think you'd be likely to do.)
Falling from the sky
When you peruse the books, you will notice that they cover a multitude of math and language concepts. They give some suggestions for other summer activities, a suggested reading list, science experiments, social studies, and outdoor extension activities. Some of the books offer a free online companion with mobile apps, online games, and interactive family fun. Does that sound like a deal for $12? I think one real advantage is that this is a simple, easy to follow plan that can give you guidelines for the summer and not be disruptive to your family plans. It appears that much thought has gone into the production of this material. However, that will only prove as beneficial as your commitment is to following their guidelines.
But since probably 100% of people would rather wear wool-cotton shirts than pure wool, but less than 50% would rather have sex with their own gender than the opposite gender, that xenophobic rule stuck and the others got dismissed and forgotten.
The categories are:
3rd begets 4th (40,000 becomes 80,000)
So Friday's here and I have nothing to show for the week. It's been a week of blleeeuururrrgghhh. I have felt pretty rotten (well, not pretty at all - just rotten), had no energy or motivation and can see my to do list getting longer and the time to do it in shorter.
I have very many fine gauge cardigans that go well with skirts and boots.
My parents came to California from Mississippi. My mother arrived, along with her three sisters, during World War II. My father came after serving in the Army. My parents had been sweethearts in Mississippi. Though he always said he intended to move to Seattle, I know my father came to California for my mother. They were married shortly after his arrival.
You’ll about in actuality appetite to accumulate playing, because Advance of the Minis is such a abundant bit of fun. Stages rarely yield added than a minute or two at a time, but allegorical the Minis about anniversary stage’s assorted obstacles is in actuality an addictive endeavor. There are so abounding little abstracts to accumulate clue of, such as enemies you can ride or use to hop top distances, platforms and walls that can be removed and repurposed elsewhere, switches that abolish walls but actualize others, blaze traps, fasten pits, baptize spouts, and so on. There’s a abundant arrangement to the stages, even if the controls don’t absorb added than simple stylus swipes.
Not only do I have too much work stuff going on, now my personal life is, uh, hmmm. My boyfriend and I broke up. I'm not going to turn this into a woe-is-me-my-life-sucks-I'm-so-pitiful type of post, I promise. But that's how I felt for a couple of days. I wondered if he was thinking about me. I wondered if it was easy for him. I wondered what could've been different. I wondered a lot of things. But then I was slapped in the face with the realization that all of that wondering (obsessing? surely not) wouldn't change anything.
d) offensive or derogatory jokes, words, gestures, dialogues and subtitles are not broadcast or distributed
During the pitch, the author didn't label his work with either genre, so we were left to fight over it. In her more commercially inclined hands, she would find an urban fantasy angle and exploit it to publishers. My tastes run more literary, so my mind ran with ideas of magical realism comparison titles and where I'd place it. (Keep in mind, neither one of us has read this manuscript yet, but this is what an agent needs to think about when hearing a 3-minute pitch.)
Strange yet awesome royal blue wire belt: AA for $5. It's a hanger! It's a headband!-- no, it's a wire structured belt that you twist around in the front...? or anyway that's how I'm usin' it.
After six wonderful, hilarious months including a Jew dinner, a magical furniture producing alley, professional soirees, the acquisition of a hot tub, countless bottles of champagne and that one time we moved a couch with a Prius, last night marked the end of an era. A short era, albeit a significant one. Plus, I’m pretty sure I learned on Friends that an era can be any significant amount of time. I feel like a Rachel who’s losing her Monica. Who is going to keep the Phelton palace clean!?
Good morning, how are you?
“And what then“, I asked, “about your main suitcase. Surely we can leave that behind?”.
I have a lot of information to add to my blog but I will be doing it slowly as time, children and health allow so please continue to be patient, I have a number of book reviews to post and some writing exercise material which I completed while without the computer.
2. Meet Mary & Starr -- And Creating a Food Oasis by Sustainable Eats. It's been a joy to be a part of Annette's journey from an urban homesteader to a homesteader.
-After struggling in 1947 and putting things together in 1948, he truly flourished in 1949. Manager Leo Durocher switched him from catcher to first base, and Gil responded with a .285 average, 23 home runs, 115 RBI, and 94 runs scored in the first of his 8 All-Star seasons. He tied with Duke Snider for the team lead in homers, and trailed only Jackie Robinson's 124 runs batted in. He would top 20 home runs in 11 straight seasons.
To download the PDF files, simply click on the links above - then on the new webpage select the 'Download' button at the top right-hand side of the screen.
I know what you're thinking. "Yeah... right. Just like that time she said she would (fill in various blog promises here)."
Do you ever find your unfinished knitted and sewn garments getting oppressive?
The nineteenth century witnessed a flowering of this “pagan influence fallacy.” Publications such as The Two Babylons by Alexander Hislop (the classic English text charging the Catholic Church with paganism) paved the way for generations of antagonism towards the Church. During this time, entire new sects were created (Seventh-Day Adventists, Mormons, Jehovah’s Witnesses)—all considering traditional Catholicism and Protestantism as polluted by paganism. This era also saw atheistic “freethinkers” such as Robert Ingersoll writing books attacking Christianity and Judaism as pagan.
Okay until next time!
2119.***E-II/12/2003. On capital punishment in Texas and the campaign against Saddam Hussein. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-40.)
Level 6: MP Cost: 29, 44% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 10 seconds.
So a busy week this week which saw me purchase a gorgeous ring from my-wardrobe.....
One food you would never eat?
Again, I apologize for doing such a huge disservice to mentally challenged people.
Life just hasn't been very blog-worthy lately.
Flip when the cheese is starting to melt and the underside of the quesadilla is beginning to turn golden brown.
Sokolatopita-Sok-ola-t6pita
Yet what keeps us, makes us appealing for the young and old alike
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Who are these monsters? Who are their accomplices?
After picking up a couple other treats, we headed to the cashier. I asked if there was any way to make sure this wasn't left over from last year. She emphatically told me there was no way this could be left over from last year; they keep a very tight inventory and there's no way it would be old.
The nurse looked at me, eyebrows raised. I kinda shrugged. "At least he didn't try to skateboard off the top this time." Another nurse standing nearby, stopped what he was doing and looked up, an expression of half-shock, half-awe on his face. The medical professional in him was thinking how dangerous such an endeavour would be. But the guy in him was thinking, Oh yeah, wicked cool!
cover with tea towel. Leave to cool for 1½ hours.
Happy Tuesday, everyone! My little guy starts a new school year today, and since I always get emotional on the first day of school, I thought today would be a great day for a giveaway, don’t you?
A constant theme of late is the passage of time,
09-Victim
Excerpts from Asleep in the Light:
But, have you had your probiotics today?
"My story would bore you," the Captain replied, "and I have no silver to spare."
(Kyuhyun’s POV End)
HOLY CRAP!!!!! I suck at this lately! Soooo much has happened. I thought I had better get a move on catching everyone up before I forget the good stuff. The biggest thing is this last week Gary quit his job and started his own firm...Keller, Lapuma and Woodard...sorry if that isn't right, I am trying to hurry.. So it has been crazy and exciting. He is going to do great and I am mostly excited.
Then, at 12pm the crowd moved towards Jalan Silang then gathered with another crowd at Pudu near Menara Maybank. The crowd is huge. The biggest I ever saw since 21 September 1998 – the Reformasi rally at Masjid Negara. All are singing the Bersih song- the ole-ole football kinda song, Negaraku and also some chanting Reformasi and Hidup Rakyat.
Funnier still is when people email or text asking me what a certain word meant. If you can email you can look it up online people. Parting advice for anyone too lazy to crack open a dictionary, take 3 seconds to type it into Google. Geesh!
When I hear the angels singin’ in my ain countrie.
February was also wedding food tasting month for Tom and I! Our wedding food is going to be prepared by the same chef at Bacchus Restaurant in Buffalo, so we got to go there for our tasting. Having never been there before we were both extremely impressed. The food was to die for-I mean it was just absolutely delicious, the service was superb and the ambiance was romantic. We were saying that we didn’t feel like we were in Buffalo, we almost felt like we were on vacation it was so swanky and the food was so good. The best part was, they gave us so much that we had leftovers for the next day and if you know Tom, you know how much he absolutely loves leftovers.
before you ever leave the shop. Ruth Reichl in
I suppose I could have gone to Williams Sonoma to buy these ....$42 a dozen
My next project was to do something with kids hats and shoes. I use to have all the kids shoes in this basket...it was a nightmare you needed to pull out nearly every shoe to find the pair you were looking for.
Jung’s essay On the Relation of Analytical Psychology to Poetry can be found in The Portable Jung edited by Joseph Campbell published by Penguin Books or in The Spirit of Man, Art, and Literature. The Collected Works of C.G. Jung, Vol. 15 Princeton University Press.
I created six colorful binders that would hold information for each of my six(!) main hobbies. Let's take a look at each one. I'll do my best to mention what paper and embellishments I used to make 'em pretty.
kicking the pink shoes with white laces
Cost: Free (facebook link)
Thank you for the gifts, the conversation, the laughter, the conversation, the sight-seeing and the conversation. I loved every minute of it and I hope these meetings continue in some form or other for the rest of our lives. Deal?
That's all you need to do.
I had made myself a goal to complete at least 10 layouts, well I didn't make it. I got 7 completed. I think I visited just a little to much. So I just wanted to share with you what I got done. Enjoy!
It’s been a while since I bought the Mines of Moria set for the Lord of the Rings game. It’s also been a while since I played these battles, but somehow never found the time to make this report.
Ingredietns:
Before the nurse wrapped it, she put a giant pad on the top where the muscles ache. I stuck my fingers under the bandage this evening because it was starting to itch under there. Not only was it slimy, but it also smelled like chicken soup. Just like chicken soup. Woof.
I am always at a loss for an answer. ‘Er, not much really, doing some volunteering but that’s about it!’ I always say I am volunteering at the library or at the schools, never do I mention, I washed the kitchen floor, I cleaned two toilets, I made a four course Indian meal and then did the dishes, got the homework done and here I am sitting at the children’s sporting activity but what I really want to do is curl in my bed with a good book. But having said all that, I realize my counter parts, the working mothers or fathers are doing all that I am doing AND going to their jobs. Working parents, you truly are my heroes!
800g Sugar
Giffords are a traditional progressive circus, meaning their setup incorporates all the beauty of a traditional circus without the animal cruelty. The animals in the show were their own horses and birds, trained and loved and happy.
1957: Billy is more careful next time, grows up normal, goes to college, and becomes a successful businessman.
What kind of alien approaching them? I cant really tell more about this actually, because their alien is kind of scare the sunlight and wearing some armor suit all the time. When the alien launch the barrier, it become 3 Destroyer ship vs 4 Alien ship, which is kind of unfair for human side.
Then it's off to the compost pile to get a wheelbarrow load or two per bed. We buy our compost by the trailer load from a local mulch and compost supply place. My compost piles are not producing enough compost fast enough. Maybe after my soil is better I can use all of my own homemade compost.
The highlight of my day came as we neared Senga Bay. By now we had gotten very liberal at blasting away at the horn as we were firing off warnings left and right like it was no body’s business. As you drive from country to country you start noticing the different modes of transport that people engineer for themselves and Malawi has this unique hand-crank powered wheel chair that seems to be on the forefront of homemade innovation. It’s pretty fancy considering someone had to MacGyver this rig up with just metal, a couple of bicycle chains, and some welding ability. So as we drove we noticed a girl pushing what I’m sure was her dad or grandfather in this very sleek wheel chair, down the already congested and dangerous road (which is the last place that I think they should have been). Either way, as we picked up speed we just sent another warning hoooonnkk their way- like a bolt of lightning the girl shot off into a full sprint away from the road and left her poor father barreling down the road (who was looking back frantically) torquing his little hand crank wheel chair at a million miles per hour by himself ! My uncle and I almost grounded the vehicle from the intense laughter that erupted from the vehicle. We were squealing like little school girls at her inconsiderate sacrifice to save her own skin! I know that dinner table conversation was going to be an awkward one for that family.
Prop: God desires a repentant follower.
“Ha ha ha. You have a good sense of humour”, said the baker, “ha ha ha….”
Answer, smiling down the steep world very purely,
The go-to playlist is called “Hot Guitar,” and it’s jam-packed with my favorites. Mostly instrumental, and the few with vocals feature extended guitar improvisation.
Thanks for this wonderful plaque...and the beautiful new Ferrari, and the dollar off on the drink coupons.
I got a very exciting email today...it was from Tammy at First Grade at Klinger Cafe.
I’d forgotten many of Paul’s words to believer’s and the battle which we are waging. That we must remember the battle begins in the minds of believers, and this is the stronghold, which we must protect. It is where the those lies must be ‘crucified’ or they will become the basis of a belief system, which opposes faith.
“Until then we can only hope that local officials choose to act to prevent another tragedy,” the Agriculture Department said.
Let’s just sing it together…We must speak it to become it !!!
The slow morph of cool mornings (haw!) into warm (haw haw! Heat index of 102 tomorrow, bitches!) represents the most horrendous time of the year for me, work-wise. I'll attempt to blog here and there, but the next four weeks are going to completely murder me.
I created this fun doll suitcase for my oldest daughter and we love playing with it together. It has three interchangeable rooms, a secret clothes storage space under the floor, and it's portable! Would you like to make your own? I'll show you how!
Acting on our capacity as the international correspondent bank to the International Monetary Fund Organization, this is to officially notify you that we have received a confirmation advice from the International Monetary Funds External Auditors Committee, World Bank, United Nations Organization and the Federal Reserve Bank of America respectively via International Payment Voucher Number: IMF/FRBWDC/BOA-93WB82UN567-G requesting our bank to direct the HSBC BANK USA N.A, a subsidiary of the Federal Reserve Bank of America to disburse your due wining/inheritance and contract payment valued at Seven Million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US7.3M) in your favor via their branch in New York.
This is a picture of two of my cousins' girls. We had a very interesting chat about adoption. Kids are so funny!
(At our book club, on Thursday, Dot celebrated her 95th birthday! She reads a couple of books a week, belongs to The League of Women's Voters and many other groups active in the community!)
An ideal gift for yourself or others who aspire to be directors, producers, actors or actresses in their own productions.
2) Los Angeles Dodgers (17-7) C. Kershaw (2-0, 1.78) @ Colorado Rockies (11-12) D. Pomeranz (0-1, 5.40), 2:10 pm
While I’m writing this diatribe of whiningness, however, the television news reporters are giving updates on the storms that have hit us in Oklahoma the last few days. Five people died in the tornado that hit Woodward early this morning. Massive destruction of property.
1 minute
Hey, check it out. There's a roll of film inside. Costco develops film.
Why am I telling you all of this? Because as I have gotten older, I have had so many friends with the exact same problem. And, it is often a point of contention in their homes. As their husbands age they seem to want more sleep and as the women age they seem to need less and less - or at least in long stretches. Many of them find that a twenty minute nap in the afternoon seems to do wonders to refresh them if they are lagging. Is this abnormal, as our husbands say? Are we all sleep deprived as they think? Or is is just a part of aging that people who tend to be night owls become more so as they get older? I don't know, but I do know that lying in bed for hours and hours without going to sleep in not productive, nor does it contribute to a happy home. Staying up until I am tired, then going to bed and sleeping well until I wake up naturally (usually around 6 or 6:30 AM) works for me. And I know that my mother was the same way. She would go to bed, but was often still awake reading at 1 or 2 in the morning. Maybe it is hereditary!
Your boy Johnny cannot read.
Until the next time,take care everyone.
Originally, I was going to stop here, but, that would be a pretty boring chair. So, because ruffles are big right now and I'm a girl, I decided to keep it very similar to the original chair and attach a ruffle around the edge.
2. Houses outside of the big three are rarely built with earthquake resilience in mind. This means that if there is an earthquake, there is likely to be more damage to structures and property than there would be in California, Alaska, or Hawaii.
I was 13 when I became a woman. It was a shock, though I had heard of it, nevertheless I was unprepared. It was a painful period, with 6-7 days bleeding time. I hated to have it, I suffered a lot, at the same time as I was told to be a lucky, since my mum had a more painful period in her childhood. The period was a "bad" thing, it stopped me to enjoy the life, I had pains, meanwhile I had to hide it from my dad.
Before I get all philosophical about time, here are some recent happenings and reflections:
Scot Meacham Wood – There’s a few treasures - A great pair of custom-made Blackwatch tartan slippers from Crockett & Jones in London. I also have a copy of the works of Scottish poet Robert Burns with a Dress Stewart tartan binding from the late 1800’s.
Wednesday, 11 April 2012
“Hey Cees, I found the dress you wanted in fuschia! I’m coming in so you can try it on!”
At the funeral they had balloons for all the grandkids and great-grandkids to release in the air. It was a beautiful sight to such a sad day....
I did not see many to tell the truth. I did not connect to the indie acts that were on the main stage the day we played. I mostly spend my time at the 24 hour party place. I think we left for the bus to sleep at 11 Saturday morning.
Forum for African Women for Solidarity Economy, Senegal;
Pour in the Cognac or dry white wine. Stir it around and loosen up all the brown bits from your pan.
First of all, let me draw your attention to my third book Lia's Guide to Winning the Lottery. True, it is not obviously a 'boy' book, true it has both a handbag and a shoe on the cover. But I think that most people who liked WIWJ and AT would enjoy it. It is not just about money, sex and shopping - although those are elements - it also should make you think about about economics, and values (but in a good way) families, friendship and Facebook. There is some suspense and a twisty plot. The heroine gets nicer. Trust me.
'Cloaked' is unlike 'Beastly' in that it does not incorporate only one fairy tale into the plot. While I had heard of the story of The Frog Prince, there were six other stories weaved together which I was unfamiliar with. The way in which all these classic tales came together to make a new one was interesting, compelling and most of all, fun.
Tell me about the classical instrumental on the album. Have you thought the listeners needed a meditative break, or do you want to show another side of UNDEAD CREEP?
Here are a few pictures of the projects as well as our bracelets.....and YES she makes boy and men MAC bead bracelets too. If you want to check out her amazing creations, you can visit her on Facebook HERE.
Chamberlain, who had also worked as a correction officer, died in a nearby hospital on November 19.
Delftware tile - Titfer
It’s funny how getting a diagnosis of Borderline Personality Disorder leads to an intense heavy duty research fest. Maybe it is something to do with the lack of support following the diagnosis, I don’t really know but I had always suspected I was not alone in running out and buying every book I can find about the condition after my diagnosis and this book contains so much evidence that this is a natural reaction that it is reassuring.
This becomes a difficult time for those that have bought into the independent nature of Giant Bomb’s game coverage. Gamespot and Giant Bomb have been quick to reassure everyone that their money will be put towards a somewhat similar scheme that operates over on Gamespot. I find it hard to believe that Giant Bomb’s DIY attitude to game coverage will remain untouched throughout all of this, though I could be wrong and even hope that I am. The fans on Giant Bomb’s own chat and stream seem to be on a bit of a downer as well. Surprise, surprise, internet community up in arms about change. Shock horror, I know.
I realise some people don’t believe in cosmetic ‘rejuvenation’ and the like, but I am a firm believer that you should do whatever you want, if it makes you feel better.
The other day I was trying to take pictures of this bench we have in the garden, but it just wasn’t working. Yesterday I saw the shadow on the cement and felt like the pattern was interesting enough.
dream from a fisherman’s boat, barry yourgrau pp5
18. The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating its letters is uncopyrightable.
I posted at least one response, but it was blocked from ever being published. However, it is possible to vote for comments that were published, and then removed, which I did.
- longsleeved dress that has a low-ish neckline (again, cleavage only visitble from a particular angle)
That is the conclusion of a new report from the RAND Corporation that uses news-reading habits as an example to make a larger point. Efforts to reduce energy consumption often focus too narrowly on improving existing practices, the authors found, rather than on rethinking old habits from the ground up.
In WA, school started at grade one. I was excited about starting school. I really enjoyed school,learning to read and reading to the teacher before school. At my school, there was a junior and senior campus.
In 2011, parts of China experienced their worst drought in living memory, with rainfall averaging 50 percent of the normal, destroying crops and cutting hydroelectric power from dams, officials said.
We were seated in a somewhat awkward little window nook near the server station.
An eyewitness has come forward to reveal that a traffic police officer had pulled out his gun and aimed it at a protester during Bersih 3.0 last Saturday.
homeowner”. This led to an abundance of “colourful” family
Let A Tax Attorney Help You Get Your Taxes Sorted
How do you say goodbye to your Dad, knowing that you will never see him again? You tell him you love him, and mean it. With all your heart. Tell him he was the best Dad ever and that you are so grateful to have known him. You hug him, kiss his cheek, pat his face, look him in the eye while you say it.
Is that what happens when the magic dies?
He walked off shortly after that, and the party continued. We went back to one of our friends' houses for the after party, and douchebag ex showed up and passed out on the couch. I went downstairs to go to sleep around 4 (I think).
Tele-Columnist!
Busy this morning after chores in my blackberry patch. To multiply my vines last fall I layed rocks on the ends of some of the vines touching the ground. Today I clipped the parent vines loose from the new plant starts and some of the ones that had naturally rooted in not so good places I potted to be set out later. I grow a blackberry variety called Heritage which is a large very sweet berry but the vines are expensive so each year I try to propagate my vines with this "tip layering method".
"I can't accept I'm about to acquaint you what I'm about to acquaint you. I don't accept a bike."
0x09 seems to be the request.
gradually started entering challenges. This has been a real source
You know what the most used feature of a cellphone is today? Checking the time. Didn’t we used to have an article of clothing, an accesory, that did that once? Oh yeah, a watch! The Smartards figured we might as well over-haul those as well. And thank your imaginary higher power that they did! They have divers watches. Divers. Watches. Do you know what those do? Tell time UNDERWATER! Are you SHITTING ME! What the FUCK possible real life application could that have?! Divers dont need them. No diver is underwater and then goes “Oh shit, it’s almost 7 I better get out of the bottom of the ocean or I’ll miss Ugly Betty!” Alright, maybe a diver needs one so he can make sure he doesn’t run out of air or something. I guess I’ll let that slide, but…
Thus begins what can only be described as a nightmarish trek through the theater of the Vietnam war. I say nightmarish not as a descriptor of how horrible everything they come across is (though that is true) but because of how the film plays out. Apocalypse Now has all the lucidity of a long, bad dream, a nightmare in the literal sense that Willard drifts through towards his eventual goal.
Green Bay 27, Philadelphia 20
I have WAY too many samples and have set out to use them. I've put a bunch in a spot that I will see everyday and have vowed to use at least one a day. If I don't see stuff I won't use it. This is one of about 20 hair oil samples that I have. I'm nervous about hair oils as I worry I'll use too much and have greasy hair and ugh. I decided to buck up and just try one. Kerastase was the smallest sample so I went with it first. I applied it to damp hair and went about my business. I was amazed, hours later when I brushed my hair, at how amazingly soft and manageable my hair was. It isn't normally terrible (my hair that is) but this took away the slight fluffy almost frizz that I sometimes get and made my hair glowy and wow. Unfortunately the full size of this is a crazy price at $50 and there is most likely something that works just as well for a fraction of the price. Regardless, I will enjoy using this up.
You helped me remember how good it feels to face something I've been avoiding.
This is my favourite. The beer is one of my all time favourites as well but in this case I mean the element of cleverness that I have employed to squeeze this brew into the Movembeer Movement. Pilsner Urquell is the first pilsner. Ever. It was brewed in 1842 in the town of Plzen in what is now The Czech Republic. Back then the region was known as Bohemia – hence Matilda Bay’s Bohemian Pilsner – and it sat quietly in the kingdom of Morovia. The English translation of Urquell is ‘source’ as in the beginning, therefore Pilsner Urquell is the original. From Morovia. Morovian Original. How good’s THAT!?
Ultra ruffly gorgeous scarf :) Cracker Barrel
Silver Packages: An Appalachian Christmas Story by Cynthia Rylant--This story was inspired by the "Christmas Train" which rolls through the Appalachian Mountains each Christmas season. From this train, tons of toys are tossed to children who wait patiently by the tracks. Cynthia Rylant is one of my favorite children's offers. This is a very special book that helps remind us that Christmas time is not about receiving, but about giving.
5. I've always been curious about what human flesh tastes like. Damn those zombie movies.
The last chapter is a sort of "where are they now" of the characters from Kitchen Confidential. It would have been interesting as an updated epilogue in a new version of that book, but here, it's a lot to expect that we remember the ins and outs of each character that made a chapter appearance in his book from nearly ten years ago.
Please Mr tooth, make an appearance soon! Thank you.
After all, those attending mountain biking events had to pay out anything up to £45, while tickets at the BMX track went up to £125. But you thought that, as this took place on public roads, you’d be exempt. But you reckoned without the avarice of LOCOG, didn’t you?
This was one of my particular favorite quotes from BYU Women's Conference. I guess you could say that it speaks to my spirit. That sentence was so corny it almost hurt me to type, although it is true.
It’s so elegant
Anything good happen this year ? Yes. A few things. I finally got my driver’s license. That is the best thing I did this year. Second best is learning to drive forklifts. Then I can’t think of anything else I’ve done that has been any good.
Boehner: ‘The solution to this crisis is not complicated’: House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said in a prime-time address Monday night that he intends to continue pushing a short-term raise in the federal debt ceiling, despite President Obama’s objection that such a move does not solve the problem.
Matt Harrison (2-0, 0.64 ERA):
Vegetarian Spring Rolls
And he whacks you straight back down,
If you're a guacamole fan, you're going to be happy with what's served here. The Tres Carnales smash their avocados to a perfect consistency but they must smash them with love because the proof is in the taste. Divine.
Remember this part where Harry frees the boa constrictor and Parseltongues it up? Classic.
*I have a non-stick electric skillet that can cook all six pancakes at once. If you are using a regular pan, be sure not to crowd the pancakes, and lightly grease in between each batch.
Abraham Lincoln said, "If you look for the bad in people expecting to find it, you surely will". Every job has its ups and downs and, as artists, we are especially prone to getting frustrated and disillusioned. But within all of us there was once a younger, more idealized person who got into this business because we wanted to do good work and learn how to be a better artist. No matter how frustrated you are with your job, those things are still within your control and nobody can keep you from doing your best work or learning to be a better artist: that's entirely within your control.
The scale is entirely interactive, not only can you slide along the various scales of the Universe…from the ‘I can’t wrap my head around it’ tiniest, to the ‘wow, are you shitting me’ largest …but you can also click on the various images to get very cleverly written information on each. I could easily kill several days with this, and never stop being amazed. Also… I fully agree with Kyle in that you should turn the volume WAY up to get a full immersing effect! Enjoy!!!
Millrose - Men's Pole Vault
For the Sugar Doll Award, I’m supposed to tell you ten interesting things about myself. The main reason I write fiction is because my life, though I enjoy it immensely, is not all that interesting. I didn’t want to bore you to pieces so I reduced it to five somewhat out of the ordinary things.
The 1st random winner from the comments left on the Release post on the blog will receive 4 new release stamps: Trudy Osborn
Christmas Traditions
Where is this water
7) Even Distribution
The Conservative government is striking a sole-source deal with Lockheed Martin for 65 F-35 Lightning II jets worth $16 billion.
I just shred the bottom 2/3 of a hotdog, boil it and add some ketchup eyes.
So what is this accurate indicator telling us now?
This is my year to not go crazy in December. Come on, do it with me.
So here it is......sigh! LOL
And yes, sad but true, I was a college teacher back in the mid-90s and should know better.
Soon the indigenous Bigtrees would be able to compete with our niche competitor, that exotic invasive species of business, the World of Darkness.
There is a really good twist at the end and it gets a strong single thumbs up on the Furtheron-International-Thumbs-Up-Book-Rating-Scheme (FITUBRS) - not as strong as previous Mr Khoury novels. I'm also not sure using the main characters worked as it doesn't in anyway relate to the previous Templar novels - I'd have invented new protagonists... however I wonder if the Templar novels vastly outsold his other works and a pushy publisher was involved in that decision. By the way - his best book by a long long way is The Sign - brilliant book, read that in preference to this.
So now I have to keep an eye on me as well, because we tend to both like the same stuff, and I go to things to bid for him and then I see things and it's all downhill from there. I need that sign though, truly. It will keep me motivated to knock off the waterworks, suck it up and just get on with gettin' shit done. Everyone needs a sign to mentally kick them in the arse. Plus I like wartime stuff.
271When from the censer clouds of fragrance roll,
"snippets of my life .."
We meet, occasionally: she was with me when I admired the endless fields of spring wildflowers, reveling in the blues and reds and yellows that paint the land, she was with me on calm Sundays at sea when I breathed the salt air and held tiny writing creatures in my hand, she was with me on mountain summer nights when I watched a thousand joyous fireworks light the valley below. But, every time, I go back to normal life and she doesn't. Being away from the living world is too painful for her.
Liberty DeVitto – drums
Jesus is here
Now, I decided this week that I want to go back to school. I got my AA back in 2003, then transferred to a four-year college, did a couple G.E. classes and then dropped out – due to an unplanned pregnancy and postpartum depression from giving my son away for adoption. I was grieving and unable to focus on my classes. But when I’m not going through a crisis, I’m a straight A student. So I know I have what it takes to get my BA.
Return of the prodigal daughter (I am not very prodigal, am I?) is best celebrated with a simple hearty french dish that I have been making quite a lot. A simple chicken and veggie one pot wonder that h is perfect for spring. Has all the flavors of the retreating winter and the upcoming spring. But be aware, the wonder comes at a cost of no spices and and hence you would need the freshest vegetables in town (dig rabbits dig). Who needs a whole lot of stuff when ingredients are nice and juicy. Fresh and creamy :)
I really loved lots of their hair accessories and the shoe selection was right up my alley. Aesthetically, I loved all of their lingerie. It was a nice combination of sexy and feminine without being vampy. Most of it was very boudoir though, not a lot of shaping or supporting going on.
Once , this gentleman , he learned that one more Greek killed himself , he made this statement:
Schuster paid the ultimate price for being such a conscientious citizen. A few weeks after Sutton's arrest, Schuster was murdered in cold blood near his home in Borough Park, shot in each eye and in the groin, allegedly at the order of a mob boss who hated "squealers."
Strong as a rock,
-What do you get when you cross a crocodile and a rooster? Crocodoodle-doo.
1993 Hawaii Supreme Court finds that a statue limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples is unconstitutional
2. Now apply the protective coat with a small brush. You’ll need 2 coats so wait until the first coat is fully dry before applying the second coat. This process took me an entire day.
Waterboys Glastonbury song UK
My story began on November 26th, 1972 in a small town west of Atlanta called Austell. There, on a frigid night, the humid air biting like razor-tipped icicles....
Source: Crime Expo South Africa
probably one day you'd return, and we could have a conversation like before.
I hope you have a wonderful Easter with family and friends.
McMullan could be seen almost literally biting his tongue off after he said that, if you were investigating police corruption, the only way to find out the facts was to talk to other policemen. As they might lose their jobs by dishing the dirt on fellow officers, they could not be expected to do this for free or for a few pounds and it was not unreasonable to pay them £20,000 or £30,000.
Unfortunately during the marathon there was a tragedy, as 30 year old Claire Squires sadly passed away, not far from the finishing line. She had run the marathon once before and was in good health before she collapsed in the final stretch of the race. Paramedics were unfortunately unable to revive her.
Chanel Roses Ultimes de Chanel Collection is now available both online and at Nordstrom counters. I wasn't expecting these to be released until later this month so this was definitely a good surprise. All of the images were taken with the phone's camera but I did try to get the colors as accurately as possible. I also had to remove all of my current nail polish to try out the 4 new shades at the counter. Thus, my advance apologies for the less than stellar cuticles and paint job.
Peter Schiff: They are buying time so that they can have new elections and so that politicians can get re-elected without having to deal with the crisis.
We have had car troubles and I got pulled over and didn't know my license was cancelled for some reason. Not sure if it's a traffic ticket I didn't take care of from back when I was too high to care, or if it's related to my identity being stolen, also back when I was too high to care.
proving to him that no conspiracy was involved. And
Just take it easy, she thought to herself. Don’t want to start a wild fire or something, I Don’t think Brulee would like that. Though maybe a wildfire would be preferable than being killed by orcs.
Are fat – on the flesh of your kin.
* Everything else from my stash
May 14 – May 25 — Early Voting for Primary Elections
Solution? Engine trouble, and they were back in trouble and fighting bad guys as well as arguing among themselves.
as if a tool of perfect control
How do you write your songs? Is there a standard procedure?
always blaming something on me.
people disappear inside with police.
The Saints organization is fined $500,000.
Try stopping for lunch at places that look like they may be interesting. Stop at a few that don't look interesting (you may be surprised). In any case, get off the road, look around and ...
The next morning, I awoke to slightly tender breasts. Hmmmmm? Cycle day 14? Really??
That was great. Anne Bancroft and George C. Scott and E.G. Marshall and Margaret Leighton and Beau Richards – and that play is so brilliant. It was very exciting – and very tense again. All these experiences that I’ve been describing were very tense because the projects were very difficult. And also the people working on them were – I don’t want to say perfectionists exactly – but they were not easily satisfied. So it was all very tense – but I loved going to work.
and then triple that!
That you can't see, can't hear
And so it goes on. Bolaño does not just invent people and ideas, he invents complete schools of literature, including French ‘barbaric’ writing, lead by a retired Parisian concierge much given to urinating on the novels of Stendhal! The whole thing is a great pastiche. In the sense the subject matter is almost irrelevant, in that the real explorations here are into words and ideas, to the imaginative and creative use of language in a brilliantly playful fashion. It’s the work of a literary trickster, the Loki of the imagination. The real love, the inner love, is that of books and all they have to offer.
Can any of you charge me with sin?
Favorite Podcast: (tie) WTF/Indoor Kids
10/12 – The Pinkeye – Tulsa, OK
“Yeh, I think I will.”
Except for Amy, who made the interesting decision to drink real coffee this morning.
Soooooooooooo......
He and this other boy have a history. Josh got tired of being called “hippie” and getting jostled in the lunch room and playground and took to calling the other kid “large” and there are also allegations of “big fat redneck” (which he denies). The other kid shoved Josh into a pillar, Josh stumbled and reached out to catch his balance, the other boy though Josh was trying to shove him down the steps and turned on him, picked him up and threw him–down the steps. Name calling can hurt, and hurt feelings lead to anger which lead to regrettable action with injuries.
as it makes me smile.
On or about the same time Reni also was commissioned to carry out the same work for the Charterhouse of Saint Martin in Naples. It is still there. (See below)
We cannot understand the logic of the government’s arguments for closing Remploy. We wholeheartedly support the idea of integrated workplaces for people with disabilities and we have done for many years. We also, however, recognise that for some disabled people, and for many reasons, supported-employment sites like Remploy are more suitable and provide the best employment opportunities.
You can help. Focus your white light energy on all the men and women fighting the good battle against the Cabal, the Reptilians, the Illuminati, the Grays, and anyone else who wears the black robe. If only 10 or 25 or 100 of you do this, you are shielding us with a mighty armor.
Tea.
08. Metropolis – Poseidon (7:10)
Here are two songs that speak to my heart, funny they are both country songs, the last song I posted was country too. My husband listens to a lot of country and so I do by default. I've always been a beastie boys, Bob Marley and mazzy star kinda girl which I will post more of later...but for now two country songs.
But Mr. Obama’s drew praise from some GOP leaders for his Afghanistan strategy. Sen. Lindsay Graham (R., S.C.), a frequent critic, said the deal “will help secure our nation and allies from future attacks using Afghanistan as a staging area.” Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.), who has complained about Mr. Obama’s references to bin Laden, praised the president’s trip to Afghanistan and said he hoped the new agreement “will send a signal to friends and enemies in the region that the United States is committed to a secure and free Afghanistan.”
fresh water preset
I did have to replace the bladder and this year I went with one from Ospry. And I loved it. It has a stiff backing that made it easy to slide in and out of my pack and kept itself upright when filling.
After Harris and family were moved to a hotel, the NOI hit squad continued its fevered search for him.
I once asked a kid why he found using a "beer bong" so enjoyable. I have never used a "beer bong."
1 situated
"We heard Anglo (mining company) wants you to move... they said there's alternative land because they have discovered a mineral," Malema told the community in a packed hall on Sunday.
The stamp is from Layers of Color Art Stamps. The sparkling embellishments are from BoBunny and were sent to me by sweet Romy Veul.
It was a great way to spend time with my host-family and get out and about for Golden Week. (Thank you!)
bloody sea,
Defiance had his own wits for his attitude,
Oh wait... it worked that time. I'm a genious!
Thank you again to all of you that played along! We saw a lot of repeaters as well as first timers and we are thrilled to have you! If you haven't already, I encourage you to take a look at all the submissions here. There is a TON of inspiration to be found! And be sure to click on each of the winners names to be taken directly to their blogs so see more detailed information and photographs of their projects!
Well, come with me. I will show you around the cave. “Cave, the first time you said that, I actually thought it was a cave, or at least cave like!”, she laughs. I suggest I call it a cave because I am a troll or ogre or something, or that is how I see it. She just shakes her head a bit and smiles again. I show her the rest of the compartmentalized main room. It is a large round room in which I have placed room screens so as to produce stations or little rooms. There are five areas: the central are is for food consumption, relaxation, games, and such; the first outer area has my communication set up; the next area has my ammunition production, partial weapon storage and cleaning, and all associated tools; then is the general storage area where I keep all dry goods from rope to dry foods to seasonal clothing and bedding; the final area is unused. There is the front foyer, as I call it, for hanging coats, jackets, and dirty or wet clothes, leaving shoes, umbrellas, and hats, and I show her how to stow these things, and were I prefer them. I then take her to the closet in the storage area. In there I keep all functional bedding, towels, and toiletries.
3rd round with 15 candidates, late Romantic music and Last Century music.
Here is a picture of the second set of tags - I tried to mix it up a bit with have a cork background mixed in with some laced up twine around it (far right) and then sponged the lavender ink with the SEI papers to create the papers in the middle tag and went a bit crazy with sponging, punching out corners and adding some ribbon and buttons to the one on the far left. All the sentiments are from the Love Story stamp set:
Secretary of Agriculture and Energy: Rick Perry.
what I neglected is to mention is what you need if everything
three chocolate hazelnut tart
Morello: What?
Like I mentioned before, this card looks like it could be a Christmas card, I may just have to work these papers into a Christmas design! Thanks for fluttering by!
On top of that, Zuma has paid lobolo - a sort of tribal deposit on a future bride - to the families of at least two more potential wives.
The pie-shape of several “Circle sweeps/HAARP rings” is explained using the Fourier heat dissipation analysis. The square , rectangle, sawtooth, and circle sweeps are explained in the stanford VLF geometric modulation papers.
And some one called me by my name:
Unfortunately, this may still be in violation of my status as I’m producing materials that are of value to me. I am willing to make all my art for free, but I’m not willing to lose ownership over it, even if it means relinquishing all future funds generated through the distribution of these materials to make them have no monetary value whatsoever. If that’s not possible, then I’ll simply have to fund it myself without Kickstarter. This is a monumental task given that my predicted budget for Kickstarter is about $10,000. I don’t have that kind of money lying around. Maybe it is time to let go of any rights to everything and succumb to my hippie side. The scientist and businesswoman in me are not going to agree.
Dearest Momma, Fair and Gazing
At this point my Howard Hughes tendencies kicked in..'what if they decide they don't want it and send it back after THEY'VE BREATHED on it????'
Jack: Duhhh, you made me yell.
William, my little boy made me this,
But I can't deal with him making my son feel this way. He assures me it will never happen because he "actually cares about Nic" (awesome to know he doesn't give 2 shits about me) but I just dont think this is fair anymore. I can't deal with the stress... how am I supposed to deal with him in MY house for 15 days?
Many many more things. For those of you who have been around to experience her speech go from
Yesterday morning I was able to partake in a precious, priceless experience. Some friends from our local adoption group returned home from China with their new baby girl and I was at the airport to welcome them back to the Lone Star State. These friends have encouraged us through the paperchase, shared the joy of their referral with us, and have understood the frustrations that we've experienced...and vice versa. Seeing them HOME with their daughter was just such too cool. This was the first time that I ever got to share in the joy of "in real life" adoption friends coming home, and not just follow through pictures on a blog. I'll never forget it.
Terms to Know…
The rest of this week will likely be cray-cray, and it's not a good sign that my left eye has already been twitching, so I'll try to post my million and one pictures from Texas asap. There are some goodies, I promise!
New Hampshire state constitution Part I., Art. V. "Every individual has a natural and unalienable right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and reason; and no subject shall be hurt, molested, or restrained, in his person, liberty, or estate, for worshipping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience..."
As someone who belongs to a union and has seen contentious contract negotiations play out in the workplace, I find it fascinating the way public unions and government hash out contract deals so publicly. The media, in this case pretty much just me and the stories I write, can be seen as a problem or a tool by either side in getting what they want. Manchester teachers have long argued they have made concessions more than other city unions. More give-backs is not what the members are looking for. But school and city officials argue that holding out and forcing 160 or more layoffs could not only hurt schools and make teachers’ jobs nearly impossible, but it could also turn public sentiment against those who stand in front of the classroom.
I'm still here, trying to recover from all the madness that this summer has been full off. Right now I'm relaxing after hosting a bridal shower and stuffing way too many people in my little house. Which looks wayyyy different than the photos on my blog show.
-Fightingthetide
But why the fear and why now? Could it stem from the library book about a monster who turns out to be Dad? The Raging Bull was obsessed with it, and would beseech me to read the ‘ghost book’ every night. Could it be images on television? Could it be the international news, which frankly frightens me? Could it simply be her imagination coming to life?
"Now he is demanding that the U.S.-led coalition begin reducing its military operations and stop what the military believes is its most successful tactic—night raids against suspected Taliban commanders."
The plants go to seed readily, and benefit from deadheading. Snip back the plant to a height of 10 - 12 inches in the hottest part of summer, and scatter the seeds in a quarter inch of soil. A light watering at that point will generally get you a crop of fall cosmos, filled in and lower growing, with a rebloom of your original plants.
Just paint.
I had learning seasons
“Why not?” Aria asked, despite knowing the answer.
November kicked off with a fun weekend in Philly at Theresa's cousin Stacy's wedding. The ceremony was beautiful and the reception was a blast. It definitely turned into the heaviest drinking night of the month haha. Family get-togethers with Theresa's family are always a good time :-). The day pretty much consisted of the ceremony, drink a few beers with the family before the reception, cocktail hour, dinner/drinking/dancing/cigars at the reception, some more drinks at the hotel bar with the family, and finished the night off with an always-satisfying late-night Wawa run. It was nice to relax and do nothing the next day once we got home :-). The only downfall to the day was that we missed another wedding the same day for our friends Aubrey and Josh. Congratulations to both couples!
That really is the main problem I think.....I just have very little enthusiasm right now. Lack of sleep and a few things in life which I have to get my head round have left me feeling somewhat depleted, and sometimes after, or during a busy day, when my head feels in a whirl, the last thing I wish to do is to write this blog! Then I worry about the fact that I haven't got to others blogs, and then that just stresses me too! Does that make any sense to you at all?? Or is it just me?! Do you ever get the urge to press delete? Or have I stood up and blurted out the unspeakable in blogland?
This one is… it’s… it’s pretty scary! White Pink/Pasty Pink, that’s what I think. It looks like Nicki Minaj’s lipstick on her Stupid Hoe video. But that is more scary White Pink than this one. I don’t like it very much, it’s unnecessary. It’s not wearable, for me at least.
Me: "Sure."
There are about ~ 4 thousand families who live on the delta islands. Everything is done by boat. Even the schoolbus is a boat. All houses are built on stilts, because the river over flows its banks 4 -6 times per year. The river is brown with silt, but not heavily polluted. Birds, deer, water rats, fish and spiders flourish. We went down one canal that had hundreds of spiders. Webs everywhere with a spider guarding each. (Such fun.) We saw parts of the delta where new islands are being formed.
There is something I want to add here. I love stocking and tights, yet in my opinion a pair of Pigalles should be worn without any kind of legging. Stockings are extremely sexy, but not with Pigalles.
The court said that BB, had been found guilty of racial hatred when she wrote to Nicolas Sarkozy before he was President of France saying that the Moslems were destroying France. She also wrote;
As you would imagine, my profile mentions that I am a high school librarian and enjoy writing. It also contains complete sentences, proper spelling and grammar, and the fact that I’m a grammar nerd despite the fact that I can’t spell well and make frequent grammatical errors. (I write about fun things I do too.)
1 perpendicular
The next time your friends rag on you for using the web to find a potential mate, you can tell them that even the rich and famous are throwing their hats in the online dating ring. The newest sizzling single in the online dating market? None other than Two and Half Men star Ashton Kutcher.
My friend Harmony sent me Niamh's handmade skirt and matching headband...and the little guy's muscle shirt ( I added the long johns underneath cuz it is still a bit chilly here). I am so impressed by her fun take on kid's clothing! And those two goofballs up there-- they gave the thumbs up as well. But that's pretty obvious from the smiles:).
It’s not just the president who would be spared from protesters, either.
26. What type of snacks do you eat?
Jones
It was a so-so foodie experience, but I still enjoyed it because I was with my mom. She had spaghetti and regular yumburger, but I wasn't able to photograph it as her food was delivered first and she ate it right away.
As we come forward here now, I Albion come into this vibration so that we might share some thoughts that concern another type of angel that works with human beings. Perhaps there are those who do not understand our choice of the word “works” with human beings. What we mean to imply is that through their presence within the lives of humans, and through their companionship, so to speak, these angels can and do work out their own karmic responsibilities. Only a select few of angels have the well-being and evolution of humanity within their charge. In this particular lesson we wish to speak about a type of angel we shall call “Messenger Angels.”
Where you can download the Kindle app for FREE for your smartphones, ipods, ipads, macs, PCs, and more: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000493771
I wasn't too happy that she wasn't here for the big day, but I am glad she was with a lot
Time: 1pm – 5pm
“It was a lot of work that winter,” he says. “I had lost everything and had to get it all back. But I was ready to go when the season started.”
The boards are cut to a manageable length on my sliding compound mitre saw:
This is a real story. Joshua Bell playing incognito in the metro station was organized by the Washington Post as part of an social experiment about perception, taste and priorities of people. The outlines were: in a commonplace environment at an inappropriate hour: Do we perceive beauty? Do we stop to appreciate it? Do we recognize the talent in an unexpected context?
Create a project using only one manufacturer's pattern paper collection and you'll get an extra chance to win my RAK.
Rather than learn from his many mishaps and admit he made some mistakes, Rakofsky doubled down and went from dumb to dumber. He turned around and sued just about everyone who criticized him in a silly SLAPP suit, filed in a state where he can’t get jurisdiction over most of the defendants. Rakfosky even sued the American Bar Association for good measure.
Could I visit, as much as possible, indefinately? Hell yes. I don't ever want to tire of looking up at the struts of the harbour bridge while we drive over it. I don't want to lose that amazement of somanybuildings and so MUCH sandstone. I think I probably would if I was a "local".
at the top of the tree.
We were not a “huggy” family, but the day I left for college in Philadelphia, having seldom traveled farther than my home state of Virginia, I remember giving my mom a hug which she eagerly reciprocated. From then on it was hugs upon arriving home and hugs when leaving.
I never get tired of this Italian chandelier I have in my dinette,
The component that I think helps the MOST with our clip chart is our parent communication. They get to see where our students end up at the end of a day and they really do back it up! THAT is why it works so well-THANKS PARENTS!!!
We will be married for 39 years in June. We are finally throwing Murphy’s Law to the curb. No more will we allow Murphy in our lives. Mr. Murphy and his friend, the evil one have been eradicated; removed, eliminated and exterminated!
My doctor told me "all pregnant and post partum women swell". Riiiight.
As much as I enjoy getting to write about music, it's always a juggling act to handle the onslaught of SXSW-related writing assignments justice without grossly neglecting my duties to the people of Texas. I'm very thankful the people gave me a day off today so I could knock out a profile of local punk rock mayhem artists the Krum Bums.
Prepare two sets of the body. Turn the 2nd body inside out. This will be the interior of the bag. Line up the top openings and insert cotton belting handles in between the top portion of the bag. Pin all edges and sew bottom first and sew around at the top.
Don’t ask someone else to interpret your dreams for despite the websites, beliefs and books that litter library shelves there is only one that has a chance at understanding their symbology and true meaning and that is you.
Thankful that at last that he was almost done with his allotted time on Earth, he had lit a cigarette in an act of finality and called his lawyers to inform them about his last wishes and legal will. It was an act of acquiescence, of collected acceptance, of calm relegation to the inevitable shared fate of all Humankind. Everything was taken care of, except one thing.
So there you have it My Word.
These images were taken inside the church, hand-held, no image enhancements other than the HDR setting on the iPhone. Usually if you expose for the inside of the church, the windows go all white. If you expose for the windows, the church interior goes all black. With the HDR setting, you see detail in both the church interior and the windows.
"You sure?"
I introduced myself to his friend. We shook hands as he enthusiastically introduced himself back. Judging from the look on that guy’s face and his breath, I could tell they had had a couple of drinks before coming over. It also seemed like they had been at some seedy place first as the expat boyfriend muttered to him something like “And oh, they’re not really the kind of girls you had earlier” – referring to me and Work Friend A. Well, thank you.
Lord, cleanse me from my sins and make me a fit vessel for your presence. Permeate my entire being with your life and your love so that I can truly be your instrument in this world. Be my Lord, Be My God, Be my King to rule and to reign in me. In faith and by your grace I receive You and I receive Your word. Abide in me just as you abide in the Father and the Father in You! Thank You for giving Yourself for me. Amen!
“Good.”
Unfortunately Malvora snatched the schema and used a Dimension Door spell to escape while the heroes battled her skeleton minions. Unfortunately her boss was not so lucky...the fog was not enough to stop Glorin and Nolan from catching him and beating the tar out of him. After his death his body reverted to its true form...a doppleganger. Rushing after Malvora the Order made it outside just in time to see her boarding a brand new version of the Jade Fury...the airship began to lift off as they made it outside but they were forced to retreat due to heavy fire from the ship's crew and they could do nothing but watch as it rose into the air.
Traci Huskamp http://Ornamental.typepad.com by Nina Bagley. Nina's blog is a soothing balm about nature and life filled with rhythmic words strung together in a story telling fashion. She is a master of poetic prose.
Half a dozen hunters were later dispatched to kill the mother bear and her three cubs. Authorities have not yet commented on whether the hunt succeeded.
Can you believe it's made out of dog food bags? Well... Maybe it's obvious. She's going to show it off at our next ASG (American Sewing Guild) meeting and probably take it for sharing at school this fall. That is, if they still DO sharing in 6th grade...
Replacements - Let It Be - 1984
cowl-logo billboard letters
I can't believe I came home to find my car keyed
Were they banned? The District says they were just removed from the classroom but that students can still find them in the library. Hopefully that will happen. It sounds like a ban to me. If nothing else, I hope that it gives attention to these texts and motivates people to read them.
AH:I am currently working on a YA paranormal. Also, book 4 and 5 in the Drake Chronicles. Hopefully, people will be curious as to what happens next!
It started simply enough when she volunteered to create a poster for her group project. Now, nine years later, senior Kylie DeHart is a seasoned artist, focusing on drawing and sketching.
CJ also has a long tail. Articles I’ve published two years ago are still being read and have, over the months, accumulated hundreds of thousands of page-views cumulatively. When speaking about affecting the political landscape, it’s important to think of what that actually means.
So learn from my mistake. Get your holiday card planning done with now so you can cross that one big thing off your list.
They also called for all police - including support staff - to place their own DNA on the national database in a show of solidarity with a public being routinely placed under suspicion.
I don’t have any regrets they can talk about me plenty when I’m gone
4) Naty Ice
B lue-grey skies across the lane
My computer won't take these photos so I had to try saving them here on the blog. I need to stop locking horns with computers-I don't get enough sleep! BUT I WON!
small silk flower
screen name except for our names. haha. Awesome minds think alike is what I always say!
In spite of the engaging novel, my mind drifted towards blogging. I recollected the time when I used to post 4 recipes a day! I posted a recipe a day with so much commitment that mom was amazed at my 'sincerity'. Lil Angel needed to be taken care of and my dear maid who was literally a member of our family shifted base.So all the household work fell on my shoulder. Yet, I blogged each and every day without fail.Now, with two lil ones, I have taken it easy. I am tempted to post everyday but hardly find time.And when I do all I can think of is sit peacefully with a novel or catch up with my beauty sleep.
18 look
Abenobashi Il quartiere commerciale di magia (Italian)
As soon as Yale closes the doors of YIISA it will be – on another level, sure – as unimportant for criticism of the real threats to world peace (Islamic Jihad and Muslim antisemitism) as German universities like Humboldt-University Berlin, Free University Berlin, Technical University Berlin, like Columbia, or the University of California in LA, Berkeley, and elsewhere: just another place for postcolonialism, Area Studies, postorientalism, cultural relativism, Islamism (framed as „multiculturalism“ or “tolerance”), anti-Americanism, anti-Zionism (“criticism of Israel”) and the minimization of antisemitism.
The reason why I am ranting a bit about this is because last night my boyfriend and I spent our two-year anniversary watching a really excellent St. Louis Cardinals game at Busch Stadium and this guy several rows in front of us was determined to stand up during play and try to convince our section to start the wave. He was unsuccessful, but later in the game the wave inevitably started up somewhere and this kid turned to us with a smug look on his face as if to say, “See! Isn’t this fun?” No. It wasn’t.
And finally, this is a sweet layout that I did of my niece from our family egg hunt for Easter. She is such a beautiful little girl and I adore these pictures of her.
I took a sip, and to misuse a metaphor, the carpet matches the drapes. Good Lord Almighty, SUGAR RUSH. After the sugar, somewhere in there I tasted roasted coffee, and finished with a hell of a lot of booze. This is dessert in a bottle.
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided
Deep mahogany to black in color
Listen, all yuh think police does be smoking the contents of the evidence room?
Still, there are some monsters that we may have to live with the rest of our lives. Or not.
1.Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Prepare a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
The word “Easter” has some etymological baggage. Some Christians are wary of using the word because of its supposed pagan origin. The Venerable Bede (672-735) asserted that the word “Easter” derived from “Eostre”, the goddess of the Saxons (De Ratione Temporum). In modern times Alexander Hislop connected Easter to the Babylonian goddess Astarte (The Two Babylons, 1858). Apparently, there was indeed a goddess by the name “Eostre” (“Ostara” in German). Hence it seems that “Easter” and “Eostre” are etymologically related. However, it is foolish to take etymological relation as evidence of a “pagan connection” between “Easter” and “Eostre”. To see the foolishness of this, consider the following example: There was a Christian theologian in the third century by the name of “Lucian” of Antioch. There is also the name “Lucifer” ascribed to Satan (Isaiah 14:12). Both “Lucian” and “Lucifer” are derived from the Latin word for “light (lucis)”. This means that “Lucian” and “Lucifer” are etymologically related. However, neither is an etymological descendant of the other, which means neither name is derived from the other name. Each name is a separate etymological descendant of the root word for light, “lucis”. Thus it would be foolish to say, “A Christian should never call himself Lucian because the word is related to Lucifer!” Etymological relation between a negative word (i.e. Lucifer) and the impugned word (i.e. Lucian) does not mean anything. The issue is whether the impugned word is an etymological descendant of the negative word. As for “Lucian”, it is not an etymological descendant of “Lucifer”. Likewise, Easter is not an etymological descendant of Eostre but rather a separate etymological descendant of a common root word which in itself carries a neutral connotation.
2 tsp. extra-virgin olive oil
Only this time, I wanted to do something different.
as if it were a trist, a twist, a hurtful world of lover’s names.
Long, too long. I tried to get up several times but the wires were jumbled and eyes were crossed. I eventually simply shut off the alarms and let sleep happen. Sam and Sassy are never happy about this, though I think regular feedings are so passe. Of course I keep the bedroom closed, kicking the wild little natives on the far side because they think what poppo thinks is ka-put and would and do happily vandalize their own home-grown indigent as they see fit otherwise. I can see one cat looking at the other and saying something like... "Look at that bum! I bet he won't even notice if we attack him"! Bwats! Now, they have learned that sleeping giants can still toss kittehs like rag dolls, so their methods are smarter. Out of arms reach, or very quick and away, and avoid the feet. A size 12-13... well, that covers a lot of space on a kitteh. Still, they are little punk rockers with nothing else to do at times. So they have learned how to harry poppo safely, mostly. Hrmph!
Roberts, Michael 2004 Sinhala Consciousness in the Kandyan Period, 1590s to1818, Colombo: Vijitha Yapa Associates.
Fat Vampire by Adam Rex
More discussion of 33 & 1/3 Revolutions per Monkee can be found here and here. Here's the finale of the program, featuring the Monkees joined by The Buddy Miles Express, Paul Arnold and The Moon Express, Brian Auger, Julie Driscoll and the Trinity in a jam session. This is one of my favorite tv musical performances, even if it took forty years to realize that. Just once, almost by accident, this aired on network television:
03 - Cradle of Filth - Her Ghost in the Fog
1/2 cup fresh bread crumbs
With dew about my feet may I walk
In private interviews Roberts shows the decadence of those around Churchill: “A Minister closely involved in the decision-making process, ‘ In fact…we were just stalling and hoping for the best’… One of Mr. Churchill’s private secretaries, ‘at that time it seemed a very good idea to get bus conductors and stuff’ … a junior minister, ‘it was becoming hard to find somebody to carry your bags at the station’.’’(5)
2010.08.05 Pakistan Quetta 1 1 Islamic militants open fire on an oil tanker, killing the driver.
Place most of the milk, half of the sugar, and vanilla into a saucepan and bring to a low simmer. Meanwhile, whisk together the rest of the milk, eggs, yolks, the remaining sugar, and cornstarch. Temper the egg mixture with 1/3 of the hot milk, whisk well, and pour back into the saucepan. Over medium heat, continue to cook and whisk until the custard is thick and starts to bubble. Continue whisking and cooking for 10 more seconds. Strain the pastry cream through a sieve, pushing through with a spatula, into a clean mixing bowl. Immediately cover the entire custard surface with plastic wrap and cool before using.
We spent the rest of that snowy afternoon planting tulip bulbs in the snow. I had serious doubts about them surviving. Certainly the flowers wouldn't but who knows about the boys.
Hoping she learns to drop the rawring and keep the kale-eating by the time she goes to college.
It's tradition that when we hit NYC, Linda dresses as a certain Ms Kyle. One year she did state that she would do this in Grand Central Station or Times Square....albeit travelling there under a long coat and it would be a winter trip but it still sounds cool all the same.
Did you happen to see the comment my sister Lori left on Saturday's post about my mother falling off her Sketchers?
It was March, but the temperatures in the mountains around Reno were bone-chillingly cold. The rain in which the troops now marched was uncharacteristic, but seemingly unrelenting. The PLA cold-weather gear that had been issued leaked around the seams, inviting cold and moisture to soak through the flimsy insulated layer beneath the GoreTex knock-off shell. Xu Guan shivered uncontrollably as drops of cold rain trickled down his spine.
Here's the hard part:
Once I accompanied a group of students to a competition in which every participant received a small trophy. The sneerer in me regards those sorts of self-esteem gestures as empty, especially as their cost adds to the price of participating. Nonetheless, I found myself bristling when, in response to being congratulated for winning a real trophy in the competition—a big elaborate trophy—the victor said to another student…
No one else but you will be held responsible for who or what you become. I urge you to take steps in the right direction today. Take that risk, make that call, do that thing… And may the heavens bring you favour and strength; wisdom and pace. I pray over you today that lines will fall in pleasant places for you as you dig deep and rise above your challenges! Amen.
I had been feeling defeated and pulled in so many directions that I feared I might lose my mind. I prayed and prayed that God would give the clear direction, and I think He has. Yesterday I woke with some strong convictions. One about ME getting up early even if and especially if no one else does. A typical morning here has me getting up with Howard to send him off and make sure he has his coffee, breakfast, lunch, then I typically go back into my bed and read subsequently falling back asleep only to wake when Hope (who has yet to realize she can get out of her big girl bed herself) screams my name like the house is on fire. I have to admit...waking up to that doesn't set me up for success. Then Ben typically wakes to the alarm of hearing Hope yell MOOOOOOOMMMMMM! We snuggle and watch Dora and wait for Luke to get up and then we have breakfast, get dressed, brush teeth, make beds and begin school.
Homeopathic remedies that I usually have on hand include:
‘‘(ii) share such cyber threat information with any other entity designated by such protected entity, including, if specifically designated, the Federal Government.
Well... it hasn't snowed recently, but it's been gloriously sunny and cold. There is always a piece of February that is this way. And the 1st and the 2nd proved it already.
If you’ve watched horror movies then you’ve gotten a glimpse of it. The way your heart races and you scream at the character not to open the door, go into the room, look in the mirror. And you are only watching it. Imagine living it.
Wow! Talk about a crazy two weeks. I am just now starting to recover and will probably catch up on my sleep sometime around Christmas. :) In the mean time I am going to try and recap our wonderful trip home.
And purple promises
I spend much of each day, and often parts of the night too, paralyzed by fear. It's all just one long kick count - doppler check - nonstress test - check for more spotting - monitor the BH contractions cycle. This hyper-vigilance is exhausting. I can't focus on other things very well.
Treasure: Laleth's Magical Flute
On Saturday, I got a late start. So, I didn't end up packing until about 10am. Oops. It didn't take too long, and since I'm not really stressing about this trip, I just figured if I forgot anything, I'd buy it on the way. We took a long walk/run to get some exercise before starting out. Our goal was to leave at noon, but after the exercise, I decided a shower would be nice. So we set off clean and refreshed at about 1pm.
Of my one heart guitar
I am reminded of the scene in Midnight Cowboy where young Joe Buck is inexplicably unable to oblige a funky femme fatale who has hired him for that purpose. She then challenges him to a game of Scrabble and puts a suggestive word on the board, provoking him to pounce on her like a tomcat.
It is appropriate, therefore, to pray that our body and mind be sanctified, for the soul cannot be sanctified while it is held in slavery to sin.
As comfort was attained with small blank canvas pieces (sometimes cut in cute shapes, i.e. heart, cross, star), a simple design was added. To a small square canvas a heart outline, or such, was drawn with permanent marker giving the beginner the challenge of following a design.
31. Stanley Fish "How To Read A Sentence"
Not strictly true. There’s always another option...
The issue of Bride Trafficking is full of misconceptions. Mainstream media and academia see this as a result of declining sex ratio in north India. It is true that declining sex-ratio is a pushing factor for this but not a lone factor. We have eighty years old known history of this practice in India.
“...there were at most 120,000 serious readers—those who read every night—and that the number was dropping by half every decade.”
It would seem that I think quite differntly to alot of people and there always seemed to be a catch to the friendship.
It was a tense game, where fortunes kept shifting. Top of the third turn, the Predators looked like they might spoil things for everyone. Soon the Predators were all gone, and things were looking bad for the Marines, who had lost a squad and held no objectives. As Mike said, he thought the Marines would lose until things turned around for them in the fifth turn, when their firepower finally turned the tide. It was certainly a fun game to watch!
Drown out any ambient noise by installing a fountain that easily hooks up to a standard garden hose or one with a reservoir that will recirculate the water.
Dr James Flanagan, of Imperial College London, who led the new research, said: “We know that genetic variation contributes to a person’s risk of disease. With this new study we can now also say that epigenetic variation, or differences in how genes are modified, also has a role.
1.Sam McGee - Railroad Blues
For the Flounder crew, craft beer reaches beyond beverage. It's something metaphorically circular: It's living; it's conviviality and good times that create memories, and those memories create new reasons to get together and share beers in good company.
More Fort Hood: Brian explained that on the day you have to handle this concertina wire, "wear old clothes." It's razor-sharp, and while you get to wear special gloves, the army doesn't issue chain-link pants.
I wish I were in the Hawaiian Islands during my birthday month (February), but I'll just have to settle for dreaming of it while coloring! Hopefully, the wonderfully warm weather we are having is here to stay.
I can’t believe that we’ll have a moving truck in our driveway TOMORROW!!!!
The second brew day was inspired by the very unseasonal hot weather we were having. I went for a tweaked version of the summer favourite, Way to Amarillo, or in this case, Another Way to Amarillo.
My little family is away again this week. For ten days my husband is the young adult leader for our denomination's local camp meeting. It's an AWESOME time of faith, fellowship, and fun. I've come here since Dave and I were dating only one month and I fell in love with it and we've been going ever since. Since we live nearby, we've never stayed over night, just commuted back and forth for a couple of days. This is the first time we've actually stayed over and we're loving it as is little Bunny. It's great!
Thank you for submitting your story for consideration. Sadly, it does not meet the criteria for our list. One of the criteria is 'not written by Stroppy Author.' Please read our submission guidelines more carefully in future.
I'm the Only Hell My Mama Ever Raised by Eugene Chadbourne
The love I feel for you.
It's king and queen and we must go down
Cuban-Style Pork & Sweet Potato Crockpot Stew
I went to an all-girls school and then I started working when I was fifteen, so I'm not very socially apt when it comes to dating.
"Like being honest and keeping promises. You want someone who values promises, not someone who says things because it'll make you feel better or because it's what you want to hear. The promises are kept because they're promises and they mean something."
deeper into this topic, because intimacy requires us to go to a deeper level.
Next look for the dumbest smart phone apps. Yup. I am stooping that low! See y’all later!
In other words…this is how you can do your job… better and now….
And finally, dessert! How we love thee, dessert! We shared the Mexican Wedding Cookies and Homemade Dulce de Leche ice cream…. SWEETJESUSITWASHEAVEN!
I think that age group is really brutal anyway. I don't think anyone really gets out of junior high without being victimized by someone at some point... even the most "popular" kids have to deal with it.
VMware has just released VMware Fusion 4.1 and allowed installation of Mac OS X Leopard and Snow Leopard client in virtual machine.
Al because I want to see that glow on your face every day…just like the sunshine
Aldridge, then managed to put the first boot in…“Other lawyers to have used the medium cleverly include Ashley Connick, a Leeds University graduate who landed a plum trainee job at one of the prestigious “magic circle” law firms partly on the back of his tweets about life as a wannabe solicitor”….and then, the coup de grâce…“…Connick has found himself increasingly short of interesting things to tweet about now his hunt for a graduate job is over.”
783 **D-IX/30/1979. “The Orthodox Church and the Nicene Creed.” Symposium on Hellenic-American Identity, Hellenic Professional Society of Illinois, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 719-37.)
Level 28: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 19%.
After enduring the poorly implemented new features of PlayStation 3’s Yakuza: Dead Souls, one wonders if the popular gangster franchise is headed for a similar fate.
1 alive
Sailing free from white cliffs, ,
Having just written that first paragraph, sat back and reflected, I think I can pinpoint the cause of my slump. It's performance anxiety. It's that nagging little voice. You know the one - the annoying little nay-sayer that barges in, makes himself comfy in the back of your mind and sighs and shakes his head and occasionally comments "You're never going to make it, you know..." or "It's all going to fall down around your ears soon..." I often have this little bugger hanging around telling me that I'm never going to get my thesis finished on time. Unsatisfied with this, it seems he has moved on to my reading and blogging.
I’d have thee whipped.”
They told me if I voted Republican, we’d be plunged deep into a scary 1950s-style pre-nuclear-war “duck and cover” posture. And they were right!One thing that is constant is that we did do duck and cover drills under our school desks. So maybe this is home....
For now I still prefer Cedele’s carrot cake. Their cream cheese frosting is quite hard to beat!
turn a blind eye to the enormous
Ninety days ago the man who has a degree in Mechanical Engineering from Old Miss and is our mechanical and hydraulic instructor was seeming healthy and looking forward to the challenge of this new school year. Then bang, he starts putting on two pounds of weight a day and they run tests. The scans found a tumor that had taken one kidney, was intruding on his heart and liver and was deemed inoperable. He now is resting in a hospice in Jonesboro, AR. This guy is also a good hearted man and perhaps the most intellectual of our group. In addition he plays violin, was active in Civil War reenactments and period presentations, played all over NE Arkansas and was known by many. Now we shall lose him.
First Phase: “Honeymoon Phase:
What kind of resolution maker are you? The kind that has a list of 100's of things to do and gives up after item #2 isn't completed by January 4th? Or are you the type to make hair-brained goals that are absolutely nuts (I've read blogs that people are saying "I'll eat no sugar this entire year!" or "I'll make everything homemade- from every meal from scratch to every item I wear") and you drive everyone around you completely bonkers trying to preach your new found "awesome" life changing resolution? or are you the type that actually keeps your resolution in a sane and humane manner.?
I remember stumbling upon Smashing Pumpkins at the original Emo's in Houston and, thinking "Damn, this band is going to be big"...really this happened. I swear.
The lean and laughing whippet barks at me and runs off into a crowd of playing and excitable children.
This quote still rings true today. It is very possible that we block our own progress, by refusing to recognize the truths that we learn about ourselves. This could be because we are ashamed of what we have done or have not done. This could be because we don't feel ready to accomplish the task set before us. There are many flurries of brain activity, when one of these big epiphany moments takes place. It's our responsibility to learn to take a moment to breathe, and learn how to deal with what we have learned. Once we are able to process the news, we are then capable of reaching a more mature conclusion and growth can take place.
Entry guidelines:
We got invited to Cristian's Birthday party at Strike (Cristian is Dayami's sweet little boy). We all had a blast....that bowling alley was AWESOME!!! I also got to meet her amazing friends Monica and Sismay - wow what sweet girls.
I’ve noticed twice, in the past day, that I put on clothes that were too big for me. Not a shocker, since I’ve lost 136 pounds… but what’s pleasantly surprising is that these aren’t my fat clothes, from when I was my heaviest – they’re the first round of skinny clothes that I started buying in June.
The Settlement of Australia (1788 on)
01. Ghost on the Dance Floor
I created this mini album to put some of Austin's 1 year photos. My daughter paid for the "rights" to the photos and Grandma had to have each one printed. All photos taken by Molly Lyn Photography
that we all DO make a difference,
Wish me luck. No, wish me good learning experience. No, to me learning experience equates with mistakes. – Let’s see. I guess what we need here is, “May the force be with me.”
Bodies pile up quickly in The Deadly Dames – nine corpses in 160 pages – but our man Yates is not one of them. Dozens of shots are fired in his direction, but none find their mark. He's beaten senseless repeatedly, but bounces back with superhuman speed. Not even a broken nose slows him down. Good thing too, because the action in this novel clocks in at well under 72 hours.
Some might say that Pre will have the men’s 1500, and I would say that you’re right there – so perhaps we may get a few milers to town in Eugene. But the next noticeable slight is that neither meet will have the women’s 800 or 1500 meters – two middle distance events where the U.S. has really begun to shine in the past few seasons! So not only will distance mecca Eugene be without the African distance runners – and our own Ritzenhein, Rupp, Solinsky et al, - but they will also be without ” home” favorites Uceny, Rowbury, Wurth Thomas, Simpson, Wright, Gall, Montano and Vessey to name a few.
There is much that we still do not understand about soul contracts, yet the group says that even though it was the best potential at your birth, each contract can and should be re-evaluated at each of the four phases of the sexual energy.
Rift by Andrea Cremer
I like… so much… Gaga did it again… new theme song!!!
peppercorn mouthfuls.
My name is Martin Dangerfield Volare, and the story I'm about to tell is one of love found and love lost, of love born and love died, of love opened and love closed, of love created and love destroyed, of love bloomed and love withered, of love premiered and love canceled, of love invented and love made obsolete, and of love brand-new right out of the box and love left out on the curb to be taken away with the rest of the trash. It is an old story, as old as the sun and the moon and the sea and the ground and the redwoods and the bones of dinosaurs, but also a story of continual renewal, as new as a baby's laugh, a puppy's bark, a kitten's meow, a chick's chirp, and a lamb's baa. For this tale I tell is not meant to depress but inspire, that though love may burn to a crisp like a marshmallow left too long over a fire at a Labor Day picnic on that last sweet, sultry night of summer, its' smoke will nonetheless rise gently above the Metropark and the trees and the birds and up, up toward the clouds and the heavens and the stars and the galaxies and the extraterrestrials beyond.
Until she fell in love after my dad died, my 5'6" mom had never seriously considered any man who was shorter than her. A woman who was even a little taller than a romantic partner didn't match her image of an ideal couple.
Voice: You shall have good assurance. Can an evil spirit do this?
the process of liquidation of the revolution was completed. The collectivization decree of October 24 was rescinded and industries were "freed" from workers' control. Communist-led armies swept through Aragon, destroying many collectives and dismantling their organizations and, generally, bringing the area under the control of the central government. Throughout the Republican-held territories, the government, now under Communist domination, acted in accordance with the plan announced in Pravda on December 17, 1936: "So far as Catalonia is concerned, the cleaning up of Trotzkyist and Anarcho-Syndicalist elements there has already begun, and it will be carried out there with the same energy as in the U.S.S.R." -- and, we may add, in much the same manner.
and its
I had bought a box of Quinoa a while back and had been wanting to make it since I heard such great things about Quinoa like it has the most protein of any grain and is obviously much better for you than pasta or rice. Also, it’s a great source for minerals and vitamins and its gluten free.
Mokaba, who died in June 2002, was known for singing his socalled ‘ traditional struggle song’ with the words "kill the boer, kill the farmer" at ANCYL rallies. Mokaba was honoured by FIFA naming the World Cup stadium in the town of Pietersburg – now unilaterally renamed to Polokwane -- after him.
7) Product is ready for manufacturing.
Leave answers in the comments section below and you have till 24th March.
studying about other countries. What do you think?
If you've never had colcannon, or even if you had, I recommend you try this recipe. It is amazing and I will never again say I don't like colcannon! As someone once told me, "it's not that you don't like something, it's just that you've never had it made right!" Truer words have never been spoken.
As everyone knows who reads my blog regularly or just knows me, knows that I LOVE cucumbers! LOVE! I could eat them every day of my life and NEVER get sick of them ever! When we go to the store I usually by 3-6 cucumbers, never just 1 or 2 and if I do buy 2 we have to go back and get more cause I have eaten them all! My favorite ones are English Cucumbers! They are the BEST! Not bitter like the regular ones can get. So yep I am talking about cucumbers so I am going to share with you a cucumber recipe…
Now my close friends would tell you that I’m incredibly particular about my clothes. I don’t like having my make-up done and I am terribly fussy about people being at my hair. So up until this point I was really surprising myself.
Orange Picker Affiliated 2 Complete Orange Picker Affiliated 1 with 60 oranges in 30 seconds
So this post was really to abide by the deadline I set myself in the strawberry milk macarons post and I've been so swamped with work that I haven't had time to bake the things that I've wanted to bake. Times like these make me treasure my 'down time' even more - I promise I won't ever complain about having nothing to do! Anyway, last week I was busy bringing my brother's Japanese buddy around Singapore and Malaysia, so I didn't get to bake much, and this week was a busy week, so even mid-week bread plans have been put on hold. In fact, I'm typing this post in between doing work in the office. I'm considering this my rest and 'slack time'.
This was at a little shop owned by some locals on the side of the street. They did wood carving and it was awesome to watch them. I ended up buying a Tiki man which they autographed on the bottom. Then the head guy liked us so much that he gave us a coconut to share. I always thought that coconuts were brown and had all that stringy stuff on it. I had no idea that they had a skin that you had to pull off to get to that part and if it is brown it has been sitting a really long time. Anywho I guess we got one that wasn’t all that ripe and so it wasn’t that good, but we didn’t tell him that.
There's dancing
Some years ago (note I didn't say "many moons ago") I was at a children's literature conference. Illustrator James Ransome was a guest speaker. He was asked why he had not illustrated any books about American Indians. His reply was something like "I haven't held their babies."
Katie was only 3 years old when her father was killed in a car accident. That was 8 years ago today. She remembers the accident, and she still has nightmares about it sometimes, but she doesn't remember very much about her father. Jill always tried to keep his memory alive in her, and since taking her into our family, Jenny and I have tried our best to do the same. But time has taken its toll. To Katie, her father has become little more than a distant shadow of a man she once knew, and some faded pictures in an old photo album.
I hosed Max off and we headed to the church for grazing. Another perfect ride!
I am disappointed in where he is right now, and I am not sure I have the right to be. He says he is working his butt off, but I don't think he really understands what that means.. I just haven't seen, in attitude, input, or output signs of "working his butt off". But he's not right under my nose either. He's made some bad decisions
For example, the Terra Angeli were inspired by classical Sparta, the Irish myths of Cuchulainne, Finn and the Red Branch, the European feudal system, the Plains Indians of North America, and Great Britain’s Royal Air Force during World War Two.
-being a good friend, giving good advice
Negotiation Phase: How long this phase takes to kick in depends on the individual, but for many it is around the three-month mark. Stark and unfavourable differences between “home” and “host” countries develop and a sense of isolation occurs.
The Con is to be held at the Royal Albion Hotel, Brighton, and runs from September 30th until October 2nd.
skeletal
It seems like a minute ago
a while he literally disappeared …but when he came back to
The descriptions for each category has been provided by Jack Smith, who served as the workshop leader for a grant-writing class during one of the classes for Certificate in Nonprofit Leadership and Management in February of this year (2012) in Austin, Texas.
Silicone-gel filled breast implants are just one option for women seeking breast augmentation to have inserted into their breasts. Be sure to do your research before choosing which type of implant would be best for you.
As for outdoor bike art on the North Shore, for now, I have given up temporarily on even finding sufficient information on much outdoor public art in general, at the municipal web sites for the West Vancouver, District of North Vancouver, and City of North Vancouver. Odd– either less money and time is invested
Americans alone toss 138 billion straws and stirrers annually. Simply putting our sugar and cream in first and then pouring in the coffee will make it well-mixed (this is actually one for hubs who buys coffee every day at a local place near his shop) and we definitely don't need to be drinking from straws in restaurants.
As for the wild fruits- the loss of those is hard on wildlife. Serviceberry is a favorite food of many birds. Today, I found wild blueberries already in bloom. Lots of wild animals need the blueberries.
I enjoy the Prey series, although I didn't find this one as gritty as the other ones I've read.
Let's get baking!
My son Mason is the inspiration for this dream and I’m hoping and praying that it comes into fruition as I dream it…. for myself and especially for him.
The Polycotylidae was separately chosen as the most likely source for the modern sightings of the smaller "Marine saurians" of the Ambon SS type,which in turn seem to be related to the creature known from a carcass in West Africa known as "Gambo". And so it seems, as Tyler Stone suggests, the Plesiosaurs which survived into modern times are both related, but one type is from a long-necked (Dolichodeire) family with a medium-loong neck, generally similar to Cryptoclidus, but a surviving related line is a secondarily shorter-necked Plesiosaur type related to the Polycotylids.
Yes….Levi has released his “Spermapalozza” on his 20-year-old girlfriend Sunny Oglesby, a teacher who is living with Levi in, you guessed it folks, Wasilla, Alaska. How convenient. Wasilla, Alaska the home of Sarah, Todd and Bristol Palin. Can you think of another place better suited for another rising star to be christened.
“Always need more,” Lanigan kept his voice light but he squinted in the dark trying to make sure that this guy was the giant from Iraq.
Jason isn’t a werepanther – yet!
Overall I like Snow. If you're looking for a pure white polish, this might be the one for you.
cb out.
For more organized presentations of these ideas, see his essay "The Birth of the Big, Beautiful Art Market" and "Air Guitar" in his book Air Guitar Essays on Art and Democracy. Also see his short blurb in the current issue of frieze in the section on "what has happened to art?". Finally, Hickey will release Connoisseur of Waves More Essays on Art and Democracy in 2006. (Just when you thought it was safe to go back to school)
All three changes have resulted directly from deliberate social or economic engineering on the part of post war governments, and it is impossible to argue that a reduction in births was not a primary aim, at least of the first two or that a reduction in births has been a direct result of the third.
K: Exhilaration
Ace Gallery, Los Angeles
3. The male erotic dancer company Chipppendales has failed in its bid to copyright the bow tie and shirt cuff uniforms the dancers wear when performing, but it really shouldn’t impact them too much…they still have the market cornered on butt implants, body waxing and stuffing cucumbers in their spandex pants.
Lunch was kind of silly, and we have McDonalds’ to thank for that. Apparently we discovered that they have changed their packaging as far as fries goes. Basically the proportion resembled a free sample, only with a price tag.
8And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled.
Here's what it says on the sleeve blurb-
Get serious about smoothies. Man, we love our smoothies! So many of you wrote in to suggest smoothies as a great way to incorporate more vegetables into our diets.
7. Hobo Joe (Oberg, Christiansen, La Grand, Lamb) 4:42
as a Merchandising Specialist at Etsy, Christine likes to spend her time crafting, hiking in the woods, making people eat raw food, and she
Onerous? Or merely what you hoped employers would be doing anyway?
As you would expect, Windows is the dominant operating system accounting for 96.17% of visits to the site with 2.26% of visitors using OS X (Apple).
“Have a good time last night?” I asked.
Familiar faces surrounded us as the likes of Wes Williams, Anne-Marie Mediwake, Dwight Drummond, Zaib Shaikh and Sitara Hewitt strolled around, chatting and taking photos. It seemed that they were all fans of each other as Blackberries and iPhone flashed capturing this exclusive event for their individual twitters and face book pages!
Today we are looking at Acts 27:5-8. The apostle is on his way toRomeand it was proving to be a slow tedious trip.
Rarely. Writing erotic romance and erotica is part of my life. However, I won’t let my parents near my books, lol.
societies very different from our own. I’d love to see what is really in store for
Another perk of this renovation, was the added storage. Once the shower was ripped out, we discovered an open area behind the wall, which is now 9-feet of floor to ceiling cabinets. I left the door off the middle cabinet to create an alcove, and it became the perfect spot for pool and beach towels.
The problem was, during that entire two hours, almost nobody showed up. Maybe five or so customers, a few of whom did buy the book. But for the most part, I wandered the store, chatted books and music with the staff, got wired on caffeine and fat on cookies. The manager, bless her heart, was very gracious and offered that the weather probably played a factor (in Oregon, you take advantage of those rare sunny days when they arrive). And on a nice day, during a weekend, most of downtown was as devoid of people walking the sidewalks as an apocalyptic sci-fi movie.
WE took an in-depth look at the Declaration of Independence this week. In addition to the use of their textbook, and a terrific book called “The Signers: The 56 Stories Behind the Declaration of Independence“, my students used an app on the iPad called, Declaration.
I will continue to question, to do my best to live with honour. To those around, to my Lord and Lady, family and friends. To all of you who read my words. To those unknown, but who still form part of my life.
It is as if one does not know, as though a minor violation is being done to the Islamic teachings. A still more grave injustice is that these penalties are applied almost exclusively to women and the poor, the doubly victimized, never to the wealthy, the powerful, or the oppressors. Furthermore, hundreds of prisoners have no access to anything that could even remotely be called defense counsel. Death sentences are decided and carried out against women, men and even minors (political prisoners, traffickers, delinquents, etc.) without ever given a chance to obtain legal counsel. In resigning ourselves to having a superficial relationship to the scriptural sources, we betray the message of justice of Islam.
ever so alluring and mystical.
room with natural light. Enjoy your wood burning fireplace as you view your private fenced back yard. This home is spectacularly located just minutes to major commuter routes, VRE commuter lot, George Mason University, The Patriot Center also close proximity to Fairfax City and all it shopping, dining and entertainment choices.
William observes, "But if your daughter was the mother of the pilot who sank the Japanese battleship, his name wouldn't be Morrison," and Morrison replies, "That's right, only she married a man named Morrison from Battavia, a cousin of ours."
The rest of my treasure I picked up at our Habitat For Humanity Restore and I got my second FREE find. I actually didn’t know the price of this frame but the guy at the counter said “Free” so I said “I’ll take it!” Not sure what I’ll do with it yet or how I’ll refinish it but I’ll figure out something.
If you have spent a lot of time living in other countries or with cultures that are not the culture of your childhood, you will soon realize that no place satisfies you completely. Furthermore, it is easy to make generalizations about a place or its people, especially when something goes wrong. I am often guilty of this, as coming from a sociology background sometimes makes one prone to think in terms of categories or traits.
The 3by3 writing method is a step by step process to write a book and then get it published.
Ah well. Thagyou peoble four readig!
Oh, just one more thing. I highly reccomend that if you want to learn more about unschooling, you check out the marvelously inspiring book entitled The Teenage Liberation Handbook: How to Quit School and Get a Real Life and Education by Grace Llewellyn. Enjoy.
To enter all you have to do is leave a comment. However you can gain additional entries:
Talk about the origin of the title ORIGIN. How many titles did you go through and who suggested this one?
UPDATE (1): 11th April, 2012. The agent’s sales brochure and supplementary information are now available. The photographs tend to increase the bafflement at the price obtained, with a handsome apartment block and well-specced apartments, though there is still some refurbishment required.
What really impresses me is the creativity inherent in both. The ability of human beings to reveal their souls and illustrate the stripped-down essence of an idea in a few lines of prose, a single frame or a solitary piece of artwork is astonishing. I know it’s not new, but the sand reminded me because I had forgotten and become lost in the current idea that marketing is a substitute for good writing. The greatest amongst us can find that essence. The rest of us can simply try to discover the best we can be, with the tools at our disposal.
Only one thing on my list Santa, don’t disappoint
The body of Benjamin Franklin, Printer(Like the Cover of an Old Book Its Contents torn Out And Stript of its Lettering and Gilding) Lies Here, Food for Worms. But the Work shall not be Lost; For it will (as he Believ’d) Appear once More In a New and More Elegant Edition Revised and Corrected By the Author” borrowed from Ray Pritchard at keepbelieving.com).
Hubby is so agreeable, "you pack it, I'll move it" he says.
And I rise blessed
And I’m sure some reading this are curious as to why. Why have a job related to your spouse?
- There are hardship exemptions if individuals can’t afford health insurance
With more strength, you’re more capable of performing any sort of sport/activity, such as going on a hike with your family and friends, spontaneously participating in sports, etc.
Back in Granada later that evening - our last - we spent some time in the Parque Central taking in the architecture of the cathedral and palatial buildings while eating ice cream and enjoying some good old fashioned people-watching. Dinner that night, at a discretely located and dimly-lit restaurant we toasted to a trip with good company filled with near non-stop laughter and great conversation over ginger chicken, gumbo, and sangria.
Let us consider the biblical theological context.
Caresses, movements, positions, shifts, touches of this part to that part, pauses for sensation to rise, fall, rise again -- it's DIALOGUE.
Not only has Quaker joined forces with the popular Jo Bro, but also with the non-profit organization Little Kids Rock to make music education more accessible in schools across the nation. The Quaker Chewy Superstar Search is a win/win all around!
Just about a week after first hearing about Avery I have learned that she’s passed away after going into cardiac arrest unexpectedly on April 30. Born on 11-11-11, she was only 5 and a half months old.
Photos from Vassar Farm (click photos to enlarge)
Since this collaboration, Linkin Park has proceeded to go along with the mainstream flow and deviated from their nu-metal roots into more of the whiny-er shit that you hear on the radio today. It’s like they’ve become a heavier version of a boy band or something.
This one is on Sahara Sand card, whereas the others are on Crumb Cake. All images have been stamped with Stazon ink and then coloured. Firt of all I used Whisper White reinker - poured a little on a plastic lid and coloured all the images with the ink using a Blender Pen. Leave to dry and then colour over with various inks by squeezing the ink pads together to get residue in the lids. Pick this up with the Blender Pen and colour over the white base. You can do this without the white ink to start but it doesn't give such good coverage.
6 sprigs of thyme
It’s quiet today at the Machpelah Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. Harry Houdini, the son of a poor Hungarian rabbi, is buried in this American Jewish cemetery in a bronze casket. A statue placed here in his honor is missing the head, stolen long ago. Only pieces of the neck are left. Each year people come to the gravesite for a simple Jewish kaddish, or mourner’s prayer, for his soul. Harry died on October 31, 1926 but the magic never ends.
Poetry is something that’s just passed me by. I’ll read it but, honestly, unless it’s particularly clever with wordplay or it tells a rockin’ story, I just don’t understand the appeal.
Sugar = 14.8 g; Protein = 1 g (2% of daily recommended value)
“You’re wrong,” Schmidt stated flatly.
Tip #2 When Shooting People:
I realize that I owe a ton of updates, but I have had a really bad day today and so today is just not going to be that day. Today I am just thankful for....
It would take another ten years for Bebop to begin catching on with jazz aficionados world-wide, but it was an early hit with club owners of smaller venues who could draw the jazz form’s growing audiences in New York City at a fraction of the cost of hosting a big band, particularly one of Ellington’s caliber. Newer, smaller bands and splinter forms of music increasingly put pressure on the bigger clubs who paid out increasingly more to maintain their big bands. Ellington’s elite band was a costly enterprise that, along with his excessive personal spending, always teetered on the brink of break-even. The new music trends eventually pushed it over the edge and put Ellington out on the road in search of venues that could afford to showcase his music.
Swimming and cycling are my thing, and Yoga is perfect as it reduces tension and stress and focuses on stretching, breathing, and motion that release negative emotions in the body.
I added a new column on the right hand side that I plan on keeping updated as news related stuff comes flowing in. I am tempted to put it in the body...and I might eventually but in order to keep the noise down I will tuck it over there.
Lord Isambard Moolah invented the screw top salt shaker in this garret in 1846. Sir Ivor Permanent Backache invented skiving off from work in this bedsit in 1954. Captain Smartarse created the world’s first time machine in this domicile pod in 2539. Etc. Etc.
Turns out you DO NOT need cupboard doors to survive!
1 jar Korma simmer sauce
reading and making some of the gorgeous things..
8 ounces baked or poached salmon, flaked
“I’m not waiting around to find out.” His face was white and deadly serious. “Trust me on this, Julien. They are coming here and when they do, it’s better for you if I’m long gone.” I believe it is very dangerous to be a Jew in Germany. And soon—
- Provides loudspeaker support (such as administrative announcements and facility instructions when necessary).
Check out the official trailer below.
Philadelphia offers a lot in the way of music, be it stores or venues. Independent music stores like a.k.a. music and Repo Records are still thriving in and industry overrun by digital downloading, especially for those music nerds whose vinyl collections are the things music dreams are made of.
-Joe was born in San Pedro, CA and attended Loyola Marymount University before signing with the Giants for a $40,000 bonus in 1954.
Hello to you all! On this bright and beautiful day I thought that I’d gather you all round and have a little chin wag about death.
You’re right, dude, I TOTALLY should have cleared this with you to make sure it would be adequate justification for me missing out on the fucking Board of Directors raid we had scheduled!
Paragraph III – How Twain Makes a Social Criticism Through his Presentation of the Character
"It's MY Year" by OPI, part of the Miss Universe 2011 Collection, is the attitude to go into 2012 with, making this color perfect for bringin in the new year wearing! Fans of purple will love this twist on their classic fav because of the coppery reflects.
Easier:
This is the first question that springs to many people’s minds, as most would rather not believe that brain-damaging food additives are allowed on the market. The truth of the matter is the FDA rejected aspartame not once but multiple times. The scientific data just did not support it as a safe product. But the FDA is a federal agency subject to the political winds, and the people in charge of the agency have repeatedly and notoriously been accused of many conflicts of interest, both economically and ethically.
The kitchen can be an accidental prone area; ovens, stoves and a myriad of utensils that if we are not careful can be hazardous.
Make it yours. However churlish, childish, covetous or controversial, own it.
The Dodge got stuck between vehicles and couldn't make the fast exit.
or so I was smack dab in the middle of a hefty comic strip obsession and, perhaps spurred on by my dad's own recollections of the joy he used to have reading the funnies as well as that special on NBC that Carl Reiner hosted (aired at 10 PM which really bugged me since it was being shown on a school night and I really needed my beauty sleep!) I was transfixed on doing such things as studying the evolutionary developments in various cartoon styles as well as the entrances and exits of various characters ne'er to be seen again. Well, it sure was a lot more fun than sports or exercise, but you can imagine just what kinda chill thrills a kid like myself got outta not only the variety of comic strip reprints that were making their way to the local paperback racks but some old comic strip section that just happened to've been found in a box or wrapping some long-stored piece of china stashed in a box somewhere in my aunt's basement!
Life isn’t that serious. It is entirely too short to over-analyze everything. There isn’t anything about Valentine’s Day, as it stands today, that warrants such hate and bashing. The diamonds that are often associated with it? Sure. The kids in the sweatshops making the whatever for whomever? Maybe. The poor chocolate farmer not getting paid justly for this surge in business? A reach, but sure. But the holiday itself? No. People celebrating their love? No. People using it as an excuse to ask out that person they had their eye on? No. Get a grip. Take that energy and apply it to something that needs it.
Began with a luscious pear.
"My name's Ned. I'm about to move the goalposts. There's no telegram, no crisis in your affairs beyond the usual. No one's being hijacked. I'm from British Intelligence. So are the people waiting for you next door. You once applied to join us. Now's your chance to help."
Make no mistake. Go the electronic route by yourself and you still have a 99.9% chance of being delegated to oblivion. That is simply fact.
Now the nitrifying bacteria that work on nitrites go to work. These are generally Nitrobacter (freshwater and marine) or three other genuses in marine environments. They do the following:
I’m sticking to my idea of talking about a song. Today, if you haven’t read the title is Build God Then We’ll Talk, By Panic! At The Disco.
So today, I treated myself to things I have never done before. A manicure and a pedicure. Also, I got my eyebrows professionally done (which I have never done before either… and I have always hated my eyebrows!). And let me tell you… I do not know why it took me so long to get this done! Manicures and Pedicures are absolutely amazing. My hands are SO soft, and I seriously almost fell asleep in the massage chair when the amazing girl was doing my feet. It was so relaxing… and I think what made it even more awesome was the fact that I knew I deserved it. I have lost 44 pounds (I was down another pound this morning!). 44 pounds. On my own. No magical pill. No weight watchers (not against weight watchers WHATSOEVER… I am just stating I am doing it without it). That is a pretty amazing feat. I am running. I am working out. I am eating right. And I deserve to treat myself.
Step 7: Go back to work. Smack your coworkers on the behind because they decided they weren’t going to work very hard without you around to supervise.
have plans to do in the future.
Pacific Gas and Electric Completes Senior Notes Offerings Of $400 Million 24
And he knew that it was mine,
Let Bliss Tours Kenya be your faithful friend and a reliable Kenyan guide and planner for your wholesome safari or holiday to Kenya and beyond.
We are having great weather here lately. It is going to be 78 today and hitting 80 the next two days. I think we will all be spoiled by this weather and not want it to cool down at all. I know that I would love it to stay like this. The older I get, the warmer I like it!
Francisco Sandaza
Unlike the Belgians the Swiss always preferred to perfect their own little world rather than conquering the rest of it. Unfortunately, perfectionist Switzerland seldom turns out beers that deviate from the main. But when they actually do, their craft beers should feature high among enthusiasts worldwide. Finding the good stuff remains a challenge, though.
Not quite a ringing endorsement of your own product.
Big Government Exclusive: Delegate to Congress for the District of Columbia Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton leaves voice mail citing her seniority and stimulus-based projects in lobbyist’s “sector”.
And the lean track overhead;
“Waaaaaant stinky diaper!”
Needless to say, I was suffering from raging postnatal depression AND situational depression.
Between mover, cover, clover;
Today we enjoyed having local author Colleen Smith at the Denver store for a discussion and signing of her new book, The Laid-Back Skier. We are excited to have it on the shelves at Swoozie’s; the whimsical illustration is delightful, and the spirit is playful. Read below to learn a little bit more about Colleen and the inspiration behind her new book.
One fine morning, Mr. Munshi asked me whether I would like to meet Mr. Morarji Desai, Union Finance Minister, who was in Bombay at the time. I had heard and read much about Mr. Desai and the image that had stuck was that of a strict disciplinarian who did not know how to bend. Hailing from Bihar where discipline in those days was considered as good a virtue as chastity for womenfolk, I wrestled with the proposition till the urge to meet a man fired with messianic zeal prevailed over me. Used to the slow and sluggish ways of commuting in Bihar, I failed to keep my appointment with Mr. Desai on time and reported at Raj Bhavan situated in Malabar Hill where he was staying, about 15 minutes late. Once I was ushered into his presence, the dour-faced Desai cut me down to size by rubbing in the point that I was unpunctual. My enthusiasm ebbed when His Highness went on a long lecture on how time waited for none. Also, how even a novice in journalism like me should know that deadlines are meant to be met.
Your lips drop sweetness as the honeycomb, my bride;
When Power House Development, Inc. began building on a vacant lot at 1824 Diamond St. the company had no idea the lot was part of the Diamond Street Historic District or that it would have to build the house in accordance withPhiladelphia Historical Commission guidelines.
2. Put all the ingredients into a mixing bowl and blitz together with an electric whisk for a minute until combined.
2 ended
Not really competition, since there were twenty. Jobs. My chances of landing one of those seemed good. They scheduled all the categories at the same time, so I found a place to stretch in a quiet corner while the teenagers got up onstage to sing their sixteen bars.
He restores my soul.”
It was pouring when we went to the arch, but since we only had a couple days and wanted to actually go up the arch, we went anyway. The kids thought it was hilarious to be walking around in the rain =-) The arch itself is massive – 630 feet tall! It is actually the tallest US Monument. After going through security (like the airport) you will be in a large room. There is a ticket counter to get tickets to go up the arch (don’t miss that!) and see a movie about it’s construction (we wanted to see it, but thought the kids may not make it), gift shop, bathrooms (there are no bathrooms at the top of the arch so use them here first), and a small, but interesting museum about the westward expansion.
- letting her tell us when she had to go (as opposed to us bringing her - fit with her personality/mood better)
Ok, maybe I'm not selling this correctly. The truth is, if they had canned black beans in Europe readily available, maybe I would never have learned this "skill." But I still think people should try it once, because it can make a huge difference in the taste, and also, don't you want to know that you COULD make beans from dried if you needed to? If you were shipped off to war somewhere with no canned beans? And besides, you might find out that the taste is so much better that you always want to do it this way. And here's how!
“Oh Senor!” he said to the ringmaster. “You have the moustache of a revolucionario, like Pancho Villa or Zapata.”
While foreigners have been praising Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong sky-high on his Facebook page to please him, it continues to be inundated with numerous complaints and genuine feedback from native Singaporeans, including PAP supporters and grassroots leader.
-“I didn’t know that clouds can have names too. I thought clouds are clouds , just bearer of hope and life for barren lands.”
Jo Malone has long been synonymous with luxury, but only recently has become acceptable for men to openly admit to owning. Gay, Straight, Metro, Bi, Thai, men across the globe has finally embraced what thousands of satisfied female consumers have grown to love over the years and become not-so-closeted fans of the London apothecary staple.
I think I was born too early.
The plane touches down and I get a thrill of exhilaration knowing I'm on US soil, that before much longer I'll be one of the millions who throng this amazing city. The anonymity amongst the familiar. Precious irony!
Absence of breastfeeding when compared to breastfeeding for more than six months was significantly associated with an increase in the odds of having autistic disorder when all cases were considered (OR 2.48, 95% CI 1.42, 4.35) and after limiting cases to children with regression in development (OR 1.95, 95% CI 1.01, 3.78). Use of infant formula without docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid supplementation versus exclusive breastfeeding was associated with a significant increase in the odds of autistic disorder when all cases were considered (OR 4.41, 95% CI 1.24, 15.7) and after limiting cases to children with regression in development (OR 12.96, 95% CI 1.27, 132).Conclusion
The McLinkey will be live from 1:00 pm MST time Wednesday afternoon in an effort to assist our lovely "friends across the pond" and continue through 10:00 am MST time Friday morning!
My favorite day is finally here... FRIDAY. I don't know about you but it has been one long week and I am ready to unwind this weekend.
-"But the name on the marriage certificate is different."
‘Get me?’ he said. ‘But I haven’t done anything’.
The Predators had been watching the ongoing conflict on the planet with interest. Instead of nuking the site from orbit, Predators were dispatched to destroy these last specimens and purge any force which threatened their mission. The Predators started the game in Reserve.
The rest of the journey through Vermont followed the path of Hurricane Irene. It was shocking to see some of the damage caused. A mangled metal bridge lying in the river. Houses ripped apart and seemingly irreparable. Complete tracts of land washed away and changing the landscape. Lots of families seemed to be living in Recreation Vehicles (caravans). In Woodstock it was Wassailing Parade Day. Wassailing apparently has its roots in the middle Ages and seems very similar to the tradition of carol singing. Nevertheless, Woodstock is a very picturesque little town and not dissimilar to its counterpart in Oxfordshire.
in the Night underneath you
212.260.7103
We are come to thirty-five;
However, since this order is one from a customer to her dear friend who has never seen a Personalized Sketch piece before, and since the one receiving this gift does not yet know about my blog...and since it is almost March 10th...I went ahead and shared this one today. I have others to share, but will save them for future posts.
Giovana
71. Smoked pot? - Inhaling smoke just doesn't appeal to Asthma Girl. But I did get stoned one time at a post-theatre party in a small cottage where everyone else was smoking pot. After awhile of inhaling the secondhand smoke, I realized that fidgety me hadn't moved in a really long time. And that all the colors had gotten more brilliant. And that everything was so damn funny!!
Now for the best bit, all the lovely prizes on offer and this month we have a real star prize from a brand new sponsor HiFi Tower who are offering one of thier fabulous magnifying craft lamps as a prize.
All of this is to say I just don't have time to give this blog the time and energy it needs to thrive even at the middling levels of a year or two ago. Even if I did have time, I don't think I could actually grow a blog of this nature into something that would justify the time investment. I think we've gone about as far as we're going here.
The New World
The friendly cow all red and white,
Make sure you keep your appointment – Make it stand today – Don’t reschedule!
I had purchased the book a couple of years ago, never read it and sold it on half.com. About a month ago a friend recommended the DVD to me when he noticed how negative I was during a conversation we were having. You can read about what happened after I watched it on my first post here. In a nutshell it inspired me to be positive about my life. Believe that I deserve what I want and be Grateful for what I do have. Very few times do you see Science and Religion come together in unison, but in this platform it does and it's quite interesting. If nothing else, it will make you feel good and ITS FREE..what could be better than that???
It’s been years since I’ve done anything of the sort.
1/2 Tbsp Alkaline Water (1Tbsp)
Blue Scholar Blog: Why did you start Occupy Virginia Beach?
How does a $10 gift certificate on your next Waltzingmouse Stamps order sound? Pretty good, huh? Each week, a $10 credit is given to a lucky winner (we call them our BIG CHEESE) and all they had to do to earn this credit was to upload their Waltzingmouse Stamps projects into the WMS Gallery. Are you a BIG CHEESE? We have dedicated a special thread in the Waltzingmouse Forum (under ‘The Gallery’ topic) where you can let us know when you have uploaded a project to the WMS Gallery. One lucky BIG CHEESE selected from those gallery uploads will receive a promotional code giving them $10 off their next purchase from Waltzingmouse Stamps. In addition they will have their BIG CHEESE project posted in a special BIG CHEESE album in the WMS gallery for all to see and adore. Since you are creating wonderful WMS projects anyway, why not increase your chance of winning an extra special treat.
What he did was to ask for and accept bribes, AND THEN go on to falsify the DVLA records by not entering details of motoring convictions which was his job. It could even be argued that he was lucky to have escaped a consecutive sentence.
The top page, his favourite, a crude black and white drawing, pixelated, expanded to fill the page. A depiction of a woman impaled on a spit, impossibly still alive, a fire burning under her while a man, the ‘cook’ has his way with her helpless body.
I spend time texting/
I’ve always been an avid reader … I remember walking to the library as a child and returning with so many books that it’s a wonder that I didn’t drop a few along the way. But I cannot remember reading any books with animal characters … surely I did, but I certainly cannot remember any. But then are you surprised? After all
Okay, so Mom said I have to participate in her blog-thing. I'm not too sure I like her blogging so much, because if her laptop is in her lap, then there isn't room for me. Thus, I have to resort to just being cute.
One of their members is Bodegas Paso Robles, which I visited last year, and two of their wines made my list of 2010: Top Ten Wines Over $15. These wines included the fantastic 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Graciano and 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Pimenteiro. The owner and winemaker, Dorothy Schuler, is passionate and talented, and I strongly recommend her wines. She is concerned about protecting the Iberian grapes planted in California, and has done her part to promote these fine grapes. Thus, such winemakers, especially when they produce compelling wines, deserve our support.
"If I was a better teacher ___ wouldn't have happened."
Genre – Psychological thriller
The preacher shocked at the answer; dunks him into the water again for a little longer this time.
I’m only on day 4 yet so it may be a little too early to say, but so far I think this way of detoxing makes more sense. It is kinder on the body and more nurturing. And it makes the transition from one stage to the next seem less dramatic. It is also a model that doesn’t ask you to go out and buy a box of special remedies for half a fortune. You can do this without spending any extra money! I can already say I will be doing this detox again, but how soon remains to be seen.
Both stones are of a greenish hue, and are meant to stimulate the heart chakra (the color of which is green). Kelly read my aura as green. It makes sense; I’ve always been drawn to the color and I feel most comfortable in “green” forested zones. That’s really where I feel most relaxed. I think I just learned something about myself. The heart chakra corresponds to “Polarity”; part of what I need to learn is how to balance, to walk between the poles. They’re also meant to attract success and money. Shortly after I purchased them I got the text from Ricky saying he sold a pedal. I don’t know.
Today is Noah's birthday, he is now four years old. He is the funniest, craziest boy in our family. He asked for a Nintendo DS, which we didn't get for him, because I thought he was too little. So we bought these crazy chairs/hats/pool toys/scoops/step stools for the crazy boy!
I would not presume to tell others how to vote but in my excitement I guess I did just that! Please forgive me! I feel Dick Lugar needs to retire. Career politicians esp those who want to ban my guns or other freedoms PISSS me off !!! DICKY is an F rated (NRA) Senator. He is an Indiana Senator Yet doesn't reside in Indiana? How the Fuck can he Represent Hoosiers when he is no longer a Hoosier???
Sharpe RM. Falling sperm counts in men — Is there an endocrine cause? J Endocrinol 1993; 137: 357.
Why when we know that sin is a part of our lives do we act as though our brother’s sin is unforgivable? The Bible tells us repeatedly that if we repent from our sin, we will be forgiven by our Father (I am so grateful that He offers us this grace and understanding). 1 John 1:9 is a perfect example of this, If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Even knowing God’s word there are many out there who it would seem hold themselves in higher regard than my Father; they seem to feel they have a right to hold a grudge and treat ”sinners” as if they are less than a person because they messed up. Please understand that I am not judging them nor saying these are their thoughts, I am just using this to illustrate what comes across as self-righteousness. Please hear me out…
Position: Inside FONTA; runway 26-Left, KONT (Ontario, Ca.)
Hello! :) It's been a short time since I have been here. I have been scrapping, but just not blogging- life has been a bit hectic with Ashlyn. Unfortuanately the steroids weren't working as they should have and she ended up with a huge plunge in her weight. She dropped from 72 lbs to 66 in a week, so she ended up having to have a feeding tube placed back early last week. The good news is that she has gained a few pounds back, although she is not tolerating the feeds well. She was really not pleased about this, as you can tell. ;)
INITIAL FINAL EXPRESSION:
“I don’t know if that would have had the impact, the same meaning if it wasn’t tied into something visceral. The picture shows the consequences of the statement that the Bible makes.”
The music made my ears bleed.
Gently whisk ½ cup of the cream into the powdered sugar mixture, holding back the last 2 tablespoons see if you need it. If the mixture is dry and not coming together as a glaze, add more cream. Whisk the mixture well, until you have a shiny, thick liquid.
Samuel Smith's Oatmeal Stout
While I love watching numbers go down on the scale, I go orgasmic when I see sizes in clothing go down. THAT is my meter of success over everything. I should clarify something… just because the tag says it’s a lower size and it’s got 6% spandex and you KNOW it will stretch literally 5 inches in the waistband, that type of clothing is not a good measuring stick. I could also get into how some clothing manufacturers size clothing in order to appease you, but I’ll save that for another time. I’m talking about walking into the usual store you buy clothing and you can now fit into the next size down jeans (without the “paint it on me with spandex” look to them). Know what I mean?
"Two benign questions. The questions aren't important. The way people act when they answer them is," Sela said.
We smile, but, O great Christ, our cries
Anyways, have to run!
Opens April 23, 2012; applications must be received by 5:00 p.m. EDT on May 4, 2012. Expected start date is July 9, 2012.
The town still hasn't picked out a second effluent dump site (they simply name a few spots, all nearby; industrial park, airport, Stewarts Creek.
* 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander
Proud 16yearold Girl
“Aaah, thank god for that!” This was a new voice – disconcertingly familiar.
World Travelers/Gypsies
“The personal assistant… went
The question of health and wellness is a common one as many strive toward being more healthy and feeling better. There are a few fundamentals that are commonly recommended by health care practitioners across the board.
Very exciting news this morning, following a series of chats with the lovely Kirsten Miller (who incidentally makes the most adorable miniature creatures from Polymer Clay, do take a look at her website) I have been featured this morning on UK Handmade's "INSPIRE: The Road Less Travelled" spot.
199) coming home to find hubby cleaning up the entire kitchen without me even asking
The Flies - I'm Not Your Stepping Stone: I bought this when it first appeared back in 1966 in National Radio in St. John's Wood High Street. An absolutely fantastic slice of raw fuzzed up freakbeat from Ilford!
He speaks, and the sound of His voice is so sweet the birds hush their singing,
Over 70 percent of the indigenous people of Sabah and Sarawak are still poor after many years of independence. Over 65 percent of the Malays are still in the poor category despite the long years of NEP. The marginalised Indians constitute 58 percent of the poor within this community. The Chinese too are not spared by poverty. 35 percent are still under the poor category within this community. Building richness solely within a single racial group is not going to bring unity or harmony to the society.
drip
Packing for a family trip can be stressful. Whether the trip is for a weekend or a full week, every family must have basic essentials within reach. I am currently planing a short weekend trip to Florida. Although I’m not leaving the Gulf Coast area, I need to make sure I have certain items handy.
Today, while sitting at the Dan O'Connell listening to poems, I invented a new poetic form: the pooku. Its rules are as follows:
And the other nice thing about letting go of the lifestyle and just loving GOD and others is that it tends to eliminate the gray areas that we Christians run into. Rather than looking at something and struggling over whether it's right or wrong, black or white, you're faced with this question of if whatever it is you want to do will be loving to GOD and/or loving to others.
He luckily escaped with just a caution, meaning that his upcoming tour ‘Under the Influence of Music’ will continue – which starts July 26th!
Coloured with copics and prismacolor pencils
And the other day she started making sounds that I had never heard before. I eventually realised that her litter tray was full and once I had cleaned it out she used it shortly afterwards. We try to keep her tray clean so we don’t hear her complain about a dirty toilet very often which will make it harder to learn this particular miaoww. But there is no doubt that she is more than capable of communicating her feelings and needs to us; we just have to listen and learn her langauge and I am looking forwarding to that in the years ahead.
First thing I did was refresh my memory on SciFi themes. To make sure nothing popped out at me that I may have forgotten. I tend to lean toward more “hard” SciFi, and even though this is YA, I wanted to keep that aspect of my writing personality and run with it.
The English Empire (which predates the nation of Great Britain) was built on maritime power. Likewise was the Spanish Empire. The privateers who robbed and murdered on the high seas have been portrayed as European rogues. However in truth, many of the most bloodthirsty pirates were Jews. As the Imperial nations developed, the pirate bands were formed into navies. The Royal Navy of England was nothing more than a formalised organisation of pirate criminals. Famous pirates such as Francis Drake have been focused upon as 'gentlemen of the sea'. For the innocent Englishmen who were press-ganged into serving the Crown these tyrants were nothing like gentlemen.
And when I was getting a massage last week for my poor muscles that went straight from hauling luggage (over-packing is necessary when visiting the fashion capital of the world) to hauling harps, this conversation occurred.
W.A.R. or Waray Art Revolution is a movement that will set the stage for the growing talents and skills of Waraynons. The Revolution will start on May 14, 2012.
As with any garden, you plant the seeds and hope for the best; but until time goes by, you won’t know how successful you are until you can actually see the product of your work. Now that the kids are grown, I see that this was the right decision. No one is aware that Don isn’t my kids “biological” father unless I bother to tell them. The kids love him, and are downright offended if the term “stepfather” is used at all. Even school forms were filled out without differentiating between real parents and stepparents. Don earned his right to be called “Dad”.
Three years ago, almost by accident, I started this blog. My goodness, what a lot has happened since then. At first I wrote about movies I'd seen and then a lot about dancing tango.
I don’t want to be a slave to my job and to money. So I don’t want to work at a job I hate, then spend my weekends sleeping and spending all my $ on things I ‘deserve’ after all my ‘hard work’. I don’t want to work in an anonymous cubicle and be proud for nothing at the end of my time at that job. That may be a way to make more money, but it will (for me) come at the expense of other things which money cannot buy.
Balance £ 6.00 £10.19
There is plenty of function to go with this case's style. The snap closure makes for very fast opening and closing. Only one snap shows when the case is closed. At first, I thought that gave the case a somewhat off-balance look, but it serves a purpose: with the case closed, you still know "which way is up" — the nibs are at the same end of the case as the snap, so it's easy to know that you are placing the pens in your pocket nibs up. There is a flap that covers the top of the pens to keep them from sliding out. Curiously, almost none of the stock marketing photos I've seen for this case show the flap going over the pens.
Sergeant = 4-6 books
6/5 Phoenix, AZ - TBA
In Poo Hell, we have our own language. We chat about constipation, megacolon, motility, Bristol Stool Chart, PPI, PEG 3350, frequency, elimination, diarrhoea, all sorts of --cols and laxs , oh my lord what's that, I don't remember him eating that, no doctor I don't agree... you get the idea.
This is why the next 50 years will be nothing like the last 50. When the Muslim population doubled from 100,000 to 200,000 the only people really affected were the native British, living in the emerging Muslim enclaves. But when the 3 million of today become six million by 2020, become 12 million, become 24 million then everyone is affected, because at that point we will have lost our country.
For the level of importance most journalists assign to writing proper headlines, mainstream news sources often publish headlines that are misleading and incomprehensible.
Right - not much happened this last week in terms of creativity. I've either had no energy or health to craft or make a single card - plus I've been drooling at the talent on the 'I'm a Crafter's Companion' Face book page - looking at the colouring talents of the DT from CC on there using either the lovely SWALK stamps (need some), or the Humphrey stamps (already got some) or using the new Spectrum Noir pens (now nicknamed speccies) - or using both stamps and pens... if you can - hop over there and have a look at some of the colouring in by these guys... if you look on there - you'll also find a tutorial and even a comparison of Speccies V's Copics - interesting.
So anyways, Pearl has seen a black duck on a green planet on her extra-terrestrial tarot cards, or something, which obviously means that Oriana’s uncle, the Duke of Zill has gotten through some intergalactic impasse and has returned to their kingdom with an army of robots. Don't you just hate when family shows up unannounced? So inconvenient.
You can also view it one page at a time or two pages at a time like in the pictures shown below:
I just got an email a few minutes ago that Paul Squires, who I always called GingaPaul, has passed away.
Masekela was a co-founder of Chisa Records, 1965 and leader/member of numerous musical groups.
The Fair Maid of Perth, by Walter Scott, tells of an English-speaking Perth only thirteen miles from Dunkeld, the edge of the Highlands. Gaelic-speaking despised savages threaten the town. As Scott says, Perthshire is Scotland’s most beautiful county: Blairgowrie, east of Dunkeld, lies on the line between the highlands and the flat arable lands to the south and east.
Maybe tomorrow, the good lord will take you away
Luzern was one of the stops in the trip. A city of music it seems. There were bands, singers and instrument players on every street. The weather was fantastic and the town had a very relaxed feel, which the melodious sounds added to. There was a wooden bridge that traversed the river which runs through it. It was lined with flowers and covered in written messages, they mostly were on the lines of ‘so and so loves so and so forever’… I wonder how soon many of them split up after writing those? There was also a world war memorial there too, which was peaceful and serene. It was nice to go there, and see how respectful everyone was at the area.
I learned that Jewish days go from three star rise at sundown to three star rise at sundown the day after to make sure that you are observing the proper amount of time, that there are two sets of "ten commandments," that all Jewish firstborns need to be bought from a member of the Levi tribe (someone whose last name is Cohen), that a lefthander can performed learned tasks with a right hand but performs self-taught tasks with a left hand, that most people naturally slant their paper when they write, that hydrogen bonds sometimes are more like 3.4 Ångstroms when the hydrogens don't show up in the program (see, I was actually working!), and much much more.
I haven't tasted the beer yet, since I'm in the process of finishing a sixer of Rogue's dry-hopped red. But that's not the point.
If it is a question of where my solidarity lies, and the options are M&S and Footlocker versus young people in the streets, then there is only one answer. The following evening, Brixton erupted in similar disturbances. Footlocker, which is located roughly 150 metres away from Brixton police station, was the first to be raided. For the first 25 minutes of looting, the police chose not to respond.
25. Do you like sleeping on satin sheets?
I'll have a little something stamping related to post later today.
He was so cute and excited too (and perhaps a little jealous) and insisted I try out making a page - perfect timing for the new releases coming out at Design House Digital tomorrow! YAY! SO, I used Robyn's new "madison" kit along with Tiffany's Scrappable Template (collection 6) to come up with this page....
Behind Victoria's seat at the table is a propped up (and very conspicuous) portrait of some dried-up de Lesseps ancestor. I bet LuAnn makes them all kiss it before they sit down.
The other book I have started but am still in the first chapter is:
I’ve made a point to work on my emotional connections to food and my size. Like I’ve said in the past I don’t really recognize what weight I have lost unless I look at the size of my pants or the scale. I know that may sound a bit crazy but it’s true. I didn’t have a bad self image before letting go of my weight but I also didn’t see who I really physically was. I look and look and can see that I feel better and I get a lot of compliments of how much I’ve lost, but for me I’ve lost and gained much more than weight.
Age: 50
We didn't look up or down and rhythmically stepped to the top. I walked right behind him. He made it! Once on top A and I hugged the center railing while G had no qualms about skipping to the very edge (!). I about passed out, but I surely wasn't going to stand at the bottom for something like a palm sweating world spinning anxiety producing fear of heights. ;)
I can't believe it, it went by so fast, my little man just turned one!! I know, it sounds so cliche but somehow we all say it!
What bachelorette could be nervous for her nuptials if she survived a shark encounter?
If you had asked me that a few years ago, I would have looked at you like you had three legs and told you OF COURSE NOT.
But with Chad’s history, is he really willing to risk loving and losing again?
Cheap lager appreciation is all about hunting out the bargains and finding a decent neckable drop for the cheapest you can. There can, however, be disappointment. Inaccurate information can send you on wild goose chases and it’s a bugger but pointless trips will occasionally occur. I’d like to have a moan about popping in ASDA for a 3 for £18 offer, and not finding it actually on but that’s part of the game. Duff information occurs.
Delighting in Your Company
But then, what if K was not very keen on me going too?
It wasn't that much, a spot on my pants, but it was enought and it felt like everyone in the store knew what had just happened. "Is this really happening" I asked myself. Yes, It was.
Times of experiencing amazing resurrection power, do not mean the cancellation of suffering in this life. Neither do times of suffering, cancel out being able to know resurrection power.
Following the reading of the letter, which aroused some derision from certain townfolk, the Alderman, Steve Zodi, tried to lay out the need to appoint persons to assist and join in the work of administration which has been left in his hands. This was greeted by much protest, and much criticism of the queen, minister and guards, which was not well received by certain others present. As the Alderman tried to make progress, arguments broke out and tempers ran high, as certain people made it clear that they had no confidence in the guards or Alderman and sought to elect a council. However, agreement could not be reached over how or indeed whether this should be done, and the meeting broke up with much rancour from the protestors, while the Alderman kept a calm composure and a cool temper in the face of his critics. His final statement, missed by those who left early in anger, was to the effect that:
I would like to take a moment and thank my parents for all their help and time. I know the last thing in the world they want is for their daughter, son-in-law and their only grandchildren to move 1200 miles away. They have been gracious and giving, and we really appreciate it.
The picture at the top of this page was taken nearly two years ago, and it’s not even the same beach. It is, however, hilarious.
Send this praise to flailing, illusory devils
That is really all that needs to be said.
But alas, I shall grace you with my presence on one of the happiest days of the week.
‘hope they’ll be careful with it –
I sold a lot of my art pieces, which really surprised me at this show--this is more of a crowd looking for Christmas decor which I had, but I think I sold more of my regular art--go figure. I'll blog more about the show next week. We had the most perfect weather, and I'm hoping for at least no rain for the upcoming weekend. I don't think that we can top the most beautiful Fall weather we had last weekend.
“Well, the hands.” He says.
I have some special dreams for you, dear teapot.
Biggie: Where are we going?
Because there are no chupacabras in the restroom, she is relaxed and at one. This glaring absence of chupacabras makes it easy to open the door and walk in and even to be alone in there. They simply don’t exist, you see. And let’s say they did…
ROMNEY: I haven’t seen the ad, so I’m sorry. I don’t get to see all the TV ads. Did he say that?
Friday….
In the word searches that I have done I have not found the word “culture” in the NIV Bible. In spite of that fact, I believe that much of the Bible is about culture, the culture that Father established. Culture is very similar to values, it is the values that you hold dear and that are important to you. These are the values that you live by whether you are at work or not. And when you think about it, isn’t much of the Bible about the things that God holds dear and the values that HE treasures. Consider the Ten Commandments. These are the values of God put into “law” form. The value of loving the Lord, the value of worship, the value of family, the value of honesty, the value of honoring your neighbor, the value of love. Jesus said the most important commandments were to “love the Lord your God with all your heart and to love your neighbor as yourself.” In today’s business terms, this is most certainly culture.
Not wanting My French Corner to turn into a home renovation blog, I've refrained from posting about the house plans. As always, I wanted to stay on message, to retain the original intent of my blog.
The link gadget will close on November 15th at 11.59pm CST.
Embattled PAP MP for Tampines GRC Baey Yam Keng has ‘condemned’ the 30 year old PRC man who caused a fatal accident at the Budget Terminal on Saturday morning this time instead of asking Singaporeans to ‘reflect’ on themselves as in Sun Xu case.
We are as dumb as animals.
We watch what’s left in you
But I have found myself, whenever I’m given a choice, opting for the adventurous. I tend to do that myself...or I did. Now I find myself shying away from the huge palate wreckers -- mostly, I still grab one occasionally, and it's probably a 'vacation' -- and seeing what's offered 'on the left side of the dial.' Can a brewer make interesting low alcohol beers? That's a talent, a skill, and I'm curious to find it.
No, I’m not going to give you wise words by Confucius or a thought from Eleanor Roosevelt. Both are fabulous people you see quoted every day on the bottom of people’s e-mails, and gracing Twitter and Facebook. Personally, I am fan all of uplifting quotes, but those aren’t the kinds of quotes I’m thinking about right now. This week I embarked upon my least favorite authorial task-soliciting cover quotes from other authors.
I was struggling with pain in my lower back and started going to the doctors. My GP kept giving me various painkillers and anti-inflammatorys including Tramadol and Diazepam. Nothing worked though. I had blood tests every few weeks as my ESR and CRP markers were up. I had an X-Ray on my spine and it was noted that the discs at the base of my spine had started to wear down. It took them three months to refer me to see a specialist as they didn’t know what the problem was, all I kept hearing was “there’s something up, but we don’t know what it is,” very reassuring.
The acting is all very good, from the stars to the side characters. The characters each have their own personalities and are vastly different despite having common goals and/or common threats.
So what is the big issues with Freaks? There are several, actually. First, Browning cast actual deformed people to play the sideshows freaks. While the film makes an effort to humanize the deformed people, often by showing how they deal with slice of life situations, there is a highly exploitive vibe running throughout. Second, there are no redeeming characters. The general plot is that normal people are ugly on the inside, but the freaks are good. But by the end, we learn that everyone is unspeakably cruel. Finally, the ending is insanely violent even by today’s standards. I can only imagine what audiences thought in 1932.
While in her mother's garden, A.J. stumbles-literally-on the body of her mother's current beau. Now A.J. is going to have to find her balance and solve the murder without getting tied up in knots.
