Gave up 3 Earned Runs, One homer But had 15 Strikeouts.
A black-and-grey spiral pattern with one line of dark red and a curly white ribbon
The fashion business is a funny one. High fashion (couture) is the bit that gets everyone excited. The press lap up London Fashion Week, New York Fashion week, Dolce E Gabbana. It gets column inches, it gets the press and fashionistas worked up into a lather, but it is about as far remover from what people wear on the street as it is possible to get.
So, last night, I did something fun.
In the Band, lead vocals changed from song to song and sometimes within songs, and harmonies were elaborately communal. But particularly when lyrics turned to myths and tall tales of the American South — like “The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,” “Ophelia” and “Rag Mama Rag” — the lead went to Mr. Helm, with his Arkansas twang and a voice that could sound desperate, ornery and amused at the same time.
I swear they multiply. Go after them. Get yourself down to – say – no more than two adverbs to a page and an exclamation mark only once every three pages. Leave it a few days, go back, and you’ll find more.
Having knowledge in project management
The true knowers of the blackness.”
The recent rise in single motherhood has set off few alarms, unlike in past eras…
After Stanley Market we headed to a Hot Pot restaurant. This was my first time, but Liz had already been expounding the amazingness of Hot Pot for months! It was delicious! Basically, the table you sit at has two holes in the top where you put two large pots of boiling broth (one of ours was spicy! Yes!) down onto a burner where they are heated up. Then you order a bunch of raw ingredients that you cook in the broth. You also got to mix your own choice of sauce together to dip everything in. Of course Asta ordered an INCREDIBLE amount of food and we were all stuffed.
-He enjoys pressing all the buttons on our phones and remote controls
“States, regions and cities are where the rubber hits the road in terms of practical action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” wrote States and Regions Alliance co-chair and Quebec Premier Charest, along with his fellow co-chair, South Australia Premier Mike Rann.
Moving in marches upon the heavenly plain,
After a bit, though, we were in the suburban, and on our way to the church. A tad late. And once we pulled up and unloaded the vehicle, I realized that I'd forgotten to pick up Kari's kid, Leo!!! Oh crap!!! I texted her to let her know. I'M SO SORRY!!!
Curious about this new challenge? It's really quite easy and I know you'll love it. Each Saturday a new "Dynamic Duo" colour combination will be announced and the team will give you their take as inspiration. You are welcome to enter any type of project...cards, scrapbook pages, digital projects, crafts...sounds like fun huh!
It surely has been a crazy week. The short version is my husband didn't have his operation on Friday after all. He was told while on the operating table, they had decided not to operate as he had milk in his coffee four hours before and that is considered food. Who knew! My lung infection is still playing havoc and I am now on antibiotic course number two.
“From the sale of the 102.6 acres the state government of Penang got RM1.07 billion,” said Chong.
Tickers are also noted for writing full and detailed reviews of beers from the smallest of samples. Gatherings are specifically planned for new and rare beers, and bottles are passed around so that every person can taste just a few ounces of a new beer. These activities are only fueled by online rating websites like Rate Beer and Beer Advocate and their competitive point systems.
After a half-hour or so, the large black officer finally got up. She walked over to Olivia and stood directly in front of her. She was a large, imposing figure with a look of authority. She held some papers in her hand, which she kept looking at. After a moment she asked, “Your name?”
"The shirt itself is a very simple device that allows the 1960s dystopian inhabitant to obtain a hexagram that can be looked up in the Book of Changes. It also works as an active agent of randomness by publicly displaying the hexagram, thus giving onlookers an unsolicited random answer to a question that possibly hasn’t been asked yet."
It is thought that James the Just was a half-brother of Jesus either through Mary and Joseph or Joseph and a previous wife. We do not know for certain. Another theory exists, whereby Joseph died, and Mary — Jesus’s mother — married Cleophas (Clophas, Mary of Clopas’s husband) and had children with him. However, this seems unlikely, as Mary of Clopas was alive when Mary the mother of Jesus was.
Then, it becomes a little more irritating when you open your mailbox and see an even larger stack including three (differently disguised) letters from Mountaintop. These letters all seem to say the same thing -- except YOUR SON’s NAME is cleverly placed on each one. If you don’t open these IMPORTANT and DATED letters every day, your kitchen counter could start looking like the top of your kid’s dresser. So, what to do with this plethora of paper?
Hey, Wildchild, you're prettier than sunshine
Taylor Swift – “Safe & Sound”
So far doing relly good. we will see if i can hold it up for a whole year?
Nope, not me.
I will also send the list of winners to our vendors. If we haven't heard from you in two days, then Random.org will pick another winning entry.
As I will say in the next post, Singer points out that one of the economic miracles of Israel is that it has created a vibrant high-tech economy even without waiting for the benefits of peace. A sustainable peace with its Arab citizens, with Palestinians who will be living in a separate Palestine (I still don’t see viable alternatives to the two state solution.) and with its Arab neighbors will obviously make economic progress even more vibrant.
Waiting for Doris to get ready Grace reminded herself not to be pushy with her mother. “I’m taking my breathing treatment.” Doris said as she took in a gasping breath. “I can see your blood pressure ain’t up today, Grace. You’re face isn’t red like usual.” Doris remarked after another deep breath. Absorbing her breathing medication into her weak lungs, Doris took another breath and held it as she said, “But you’re white around your mouth. Are you getting enough oxygen?” Doris continued “Grace, I think you need to be wormed. Have you been chewing on your hair?” Grace knew she had walked in on a good day for her mother because she was sitting there trying to breathe through her diseased lungs while telling Grace how ill she looked. “Mom. I‘m not five years old anymore.” Grace declared. “Old habits die-hard Grace.” Doris proclaimed. “Did you check the mail, Grace?” Grace replied, ”Bubba brought it to you over an hour ago.”
What's going on in your neck of the woods?
For the next fifteen years, Gobat devoted his time and energy to the law. He began his practice in Bern and, at the same time, lectured on French civil law at Bern University. He then opened an office in Delémont in the canton of Bern, which soon became the leading legal firm of the district.
I’m not waiting for a better place
And it is with this spirit that I bid each one a Happy Independence Day, and in solemn gratitude I say:
To the farthest
Have you seen these?? I love them! Of course I have already made these myself too. Saved a pretty penny :) I will show you mine in a later post. It made it so I can store the dog and cat food out in the open and so opened a drawer where it was before to store things I can’t store in such pretty containers for everyone to see
Popara serves a Don Corleone like role in this novel in relation to the issue of Spice. I really enjoyed the expansion on Spice. We get lots of detail about Hard Spice, medicinal spice, and normal recreational level spice. The concept that the Hutts would turn to Spice as medicine instead of the more commonly used Bacta is interesting and adds depth to their culture.
Heterosexual. Lesbian. Gay. Bisexual. Transgender. We all identify as one of those. The common thread is that we are all human beings. It saddens me to think there are forces out there that want to deny many of us our humanity. Those forces must be opposed.
~ Go outside around sunset or sunrise and notice the location of the sun on the horizon with respect to familiar landmarks. If you do this, you’ll be able to use those landmarks to find those cardinal directions in the weeks and months ahead, long after Earth has moved on in its orbit around the sun, carrying the sunrise and sunset points southward.
A cantankerous driver greets me and I hop in with my bags. Gliding over a double yellow line my commute to the airport begins. I hold my stomach. He slips over a few more lanes of city roadway and a hundred backlights come into view. “This looks like a good spot for tofu,” I think as we sit idly in traffic. A group of passers-by peer in at the restaurant window. They give the impression they want to taste every dish imaginable.
The basement room is cool and dark, and it’s whitewashed walls are bare. The only light in the room comes from the passage leading to the room and an overhead lamp, hung directly above a marble sarcophagus placed in the centre of the chamber. The simplicity of the sarcophagus, and the bare unadorned room belies the achievements and greatness of the person buried there—Jalal-ud-din Mohammad Akbar, the third Mughal Emperor.
Everyone knows that using big words makes you look really impressive and intelligent.
And done is done, under beautiful brilliant skies and frolicking winds… but that’s all you really get to hear about that…
A gag gift
A festive favourite that involves two men fucking up the life of an employee over a one dollar bet. It's a great film, though; pretty much perfectly cast and blessed with Eddie Murphy at his peak. The story is entertaining, fast moving and often very funny. So yeah, the central plot may not be that festive, but if you ever want something light yet absorbing for a post-Christmas dinner film, then you could do far worse than this one.
Sandals - Clarks
What's more, we've moved to a (hopefully) faster file sharing provider and all the downloads are now in a .zip format for those of you not working from a MS Windows platform.
You may know of the Bermuda Couch Opera, only probably you don't because it's an inside joke between me and J von Wellsung*. Anyway what you almost definitely don't know is that it is the BCO's policy not to perform any operas ending in -elio. To this bylaw was added a rider (I don't actually know what either of those words means) stating that in such operas as exclusively do not end in "-elio", no tenor shall be cast whose name terminates in "-ura."**
On the left you have a necklace straight onto the pattern- it's looking a bit cluttered. By adding the blank page underneath and keeping the pattern just as a border, the necklace stands out more. This is a great way of adding that shabby cluttered look to your shop that pattern will give without losing the showcasing properties. below the detail of the earrings is showcased by having a plain background under them, but the image remains opulent due to the pattern and texture around it.
The past year has been beyond life-altering for Meghan Chase. Suddenly thrust into the world of Faerie and the rivalries between the Seelie and Unseelie Courts, Meghan realizes her importance in this beautiful yet cruel world, a world that has silently existed alongside hers ever since she was born. To complicate matters further, the Seelie and Unseelie have become threatened by a new kind of Faerie—the Iron Fey, brought to life by the ever-increasing reliance humans have of technology. Meghan, with the aid of the Unseelie prince Ash and childhood friend, the Faerie Puck, has already defeated the first Iron King and successfully retrieved a stolen scepter in time to stop a Faerie war. Meghan thought she was never going back, especially since she and Ash had been banished from the Faerie world together—a punishment for their forbidden love. But the rise of a second Iron King changes all that, and Meghan finds herself once again in the complicated world of Faerie, on a quest to save the entire Faerie race.
"What were your intentions in speaking to me sir?" she asked.
I do. You may call it different things depending on your outlook – coincidence, synchronicity, serendipity, chance, intuition, ‘the universe’, flow, fate or grace. Whichever, it exists for me just as surely as the material world does.
That’s what I was thinking as I slunk back to my car.
In the 'Rocky Horror' service books of 1962 the feast of the Invention of the Holy Cross has been abolished as its observance in the West only dated to the seventh century (it appears on May 3rd in Martyrologium Hieronymianum. Today becomes a ferial day with a commemoration of SS Alexander etc at Lauds and low Mass. The Paschaltide Doxology (and tone) is not sung at the Horae Minores. In sung Masses there is one collect. Vespers are of the ferial day without a commemoration of St. Monica. In contrast even Cranmer's Book of Common Prayer preserved the feast of the Invention of the Holy Cross in the Kalendar. Thank God for the abrogation of the 1962 Missale Romanum by Paul VI!
I'm also getting my applique BOMs organized to take away on VACATION !!!! next week !!!
Bersih must be more aggressive: Think of the protesters’ sacrifice and don’t be ‘kiasu’
A few small changes: I will be teaching the Phoenix Intermediate class coming up next month, and Sherrie will be teaching the Columbus OH classes.
Erin - 11
3.- Never punish when the child has not intentionally done wrong.
1. Waverider — Nothing Left
When you ask people it's important to quickly building rapport with your subject. Most of that is done through body language, expression and gestures - not words. It's a subtle art and absolutely essential to getting the most out of the few shared moments on the street.
Alexis continues to struggle with a college choice, torn between Oxford and Stanford. Ultimately she picks Columbia because she realizes that while she wants independence she doesn’t want to be too far away. I have to say I’m happy about this. We need her around for the family centered scenes and case solving eureka moments.
(Mama Chin uses unbleached when she wants a bit of fluff, or whole wheat when she wants a nuttier flavor, or half and half when she’s in an indecisive mood. Note: whole wheat will make these rolls a touch drier and more crumbly and people will use their fingers to catch every crumb.)
* Sour cream
Interested parties are asked to respond to the announcement by Aug. 29.
Lietaer, B.(1999). The Future of Money: A New Way to Create Wealth, Work, and a Wiser World. Unpublished book. www.transaction.net/money .
The most eagerly awaited Norway Tamil Film Festival awards are officially announced last night at Oslo.
I realise this country’s economy is up the Suwannee and we’re in hock to the IMF, the ECB and anyone else we can wrangle a few shillings out of. Regardless, surely there is a case for tax-relief for childcare at source. Surely it is in this State’s interest to offer me more than €5/day to go out to work, pay taxes, pay PRSI and this new Universal Social Fund Levy, not to mention employ two local childcare businesses; than if I were to stay at home, take my kids out of childcare and claim benefit.
So I broke out my old Spring Moss pigment ink and inked up my Houndstooth to create my patterned paper for my border strip. As dry as it is, I still managed to get some decent coverage. That strip started off much larger, but after adhering a sticker border from my kit and then not liking it, I trimmed it off. I am also glad that I waited to work on this page, because I was able to use my new Studio Calico cloud image which was a perfect addition to the page.
anyway, in english class, I received my journals back and got a pretty decent grade. My journal, says someone very close, resembles the kinds of topics that I usually write in this blog. So here I am to share it with you:
GCCF is located on Point Mackenzie in Alaska’s Matanuska Susitna Valley approximately an hour drive from Wasilla and two to two and a half hours from Anchorage. A bridge that will connect the Mat-Su Valley (Port Mackenzie) to Anchorage is in the works with construction being completed in 2015 (estimate). GCCF is in a remote location and while the roads are well maintained, in the winter months it will still be a difficult drive to the facility for friends and family as well as GCCF staff.
Thankfully, I have been tracking our utility bills since we moved into the house so we can see exactly how much we have improved the energy efficiency.
I am hoping though that the weather fines up as I have a fence to paint today. We got a new back fence put in early in the week and as the posts are untreated needs to be painted quick smart (photos soon).
To the left, just beyond the edge of the woods, Xu Guan spotted what appeared to be a maintenance building. Not much bigger than the shack in which Xu Guan had grown up, the building was, nonetheless, of solid construction. The roof was covered in heavy, green corrugated metal. The walls were constructed of concrete block painted a pleasant tan color.
kept me busy...
- 1 c. of apricot jam
Exactly one week ago, I decided to accept a new position that will take my husband and I from a quiet Nebraska town of six thousand-some souls to Austin, Texas. The fun part is, they want me in Austin by July 1.
Total Carbohydrates Minus Fiber with nuts: 29.93
Verizon Connected Solutions
And while that’s going on, I’m turning up the heat on “And Then One Night, All Hell Broke Loose,” my script for HG World. I had to set it aside while I finished the Vanguard novella, but I’m hoping to fit it into this sortakinda “lull period” when I can multi-task a bit. Besides, writing about zombies is therapeutic, in an odd sort of way.
Foothills Seeing Double
Friday, Aug 10th
Circle sweeps, Sawtooth sweeps, also square wave, and rectangle wave modulation at play.
Superficially
It's not true. It's never been true. She knows that, though she doesn’t have proof. Her wallet has fallen out somewhere. The hands of her watch spin without pause, as if waiting for someone to tell them the time. And with each step, memories – of passing time, of daylight, of chocolate cupcakes – unspool and wind into the dust. Still, she knows, even if there's no explaining that to the whispers. They're very persistent.
100/- Ale 1076
Saturday- we had to be at a Destination Imagination Instant Challenge Day at 8:45, and I felt pretty rough around the edges. We came home and had lunch, and I had a hair appointment that I thought would be from 2:30 - 3:30, but instead ended up being from 3:00 - 4:30. I had a couple of friends pick up The Boys and meet me at the salon and we all went to the nearby Christmas Parade. We then rode around looking at light displays, and discovered many were not yet up.We were out until about 8:30 and The Boys were obnoxious and fighting the entire time.
Who visits them daily, briefly,
Buy
A motley crew of struggling Internet companies have found an unlikely inspirational coach: Steve Ballmer.
"Here?" David whispered.
The hatred of women goes deep in Egyptian society. Those of us who have marched and protested have had to navigate a minefield of sexual assaults by both the regime and its lackeys, and, sadly, at times by our fellow revolutionaries. On the November day I was sexually assaulted on Mohamed Mahmoud Street near Tahrir Square, by at least four Egyptian riot police, I was first groped by a man in the square itself. While we are eager to expose assaults by the regime, when we’re violated by our fellow civilians we immediately assume they’re agents of the regime or thugs because we don’t want to taint the revolution.
In lso museums of Sao Pablo, cultural capital of Brazil, sexisten European insospechables art collections that give of envying to muchso museums of the old continent. Also in River of Janeiro there is cultural ocaciones for not losing.
But, by using a bit of imagination and a touch of Beer Blokery, you can make any beer fit. Previous examples have included Red Hill Golden Ale (MOrnington Peninsula), a six pack of Outback beers (Multiple Outbacks) and some Chimay, Orval and Westmalle Tripel (MOnastery Beers).
You excuse yourself to go to the bathroom, located towards the back of the bar. You find a rear exit and leave. Without any goodbyes. You walk home, to the house occupied by the wife you adore, now sleeping.
In other news, the airline revealed a series of major enhancements to its facilities at Sydney Airport’s Domestic terminal (T2) and Melbourne Airports’ Domestic Terminal 3.
Comment #1142 - Kara Sceviour (confirmed)
The team, led by dermatologist Professor Richard Gallo, found that common bacteria called staphylococci, can reduce inflammation after injury, when they are present on the skin’s surface.
The process for obtaining permanent residence based on marriage to a U.S. citizen when the foreign spouse is overseas is composed of two phases: (1) the I-130 visa petition; and (2) the immigrant visa application and consular interview.
There are no sales minimums to maintain status as a Stella & Dot Stylist. However, in order to receive coaching commission, you must be ACTIVE, with 500 in PCV in that month (about $770 retail). This is the minimum amount to earn coaching commissions at the Stylist pay level. To increase your pay level, you will need to achieve and maintain a higher monthly PCV.
and the theatre of sighs,
The weather is beautiful this time of year—perfect for an outdoor family session. You can choose from any of our area’s most stunning parks, open spaces, or a location that has a special significance to your family. These sessions are always a lot of fun and the portraits are truly breathtaking. Availability is limited, so call to reserve your session today.
And all I lov'd — I lov'd alone —
My passion for equality and fairness isn't just about laws and civil justice. My passion is based in my faith. My beliefs are founded in my Christianity. I have a friend- who is gay and came out as an adult and had a bad experience with his church when he came out- who has given me one of the best compliments of my life. He's told me that he wishes every gay youth could have me as a mom or have me as someone in their lives that they could turn to for love and acceptance.
It’s also nice to know I’m not putting myself at risk for toxic shock syndrome.
So, Ma...What's for dinner?
Most restaurants serve Atlantic salmon (farmed) and most grocery stores carry farmed Atlantic salmon, depending on the season.
Next on the list of essential matters was the consumption of six hundred milligrams of ibuprofen, which I washed down with my breakfast drink, hoping to mitigate the aching in my body, although even as I consumed the analgesic I knew that the ache in my heart and soul was far more formidable, and far less likely to be susceptible to the effects of the ibuprofen, but there was no pill I could take for that.
3) When you accidentally cook for a family of five– or don’t want to cook at all.
Best series - With the aforementioned increased in series books, which series is best overall? So many have great introductory books and then seem to flatten out as the series drags on. This battle will determine a winner where the book stay strong and finish strong. This battle will have lots of reading for our judges, and so it will greatly increase the timeline for the battle, and the lag between bracket winner announcements.
“Dr. Borden?”
Bring him joy
8) The reversing camera on the car is dirty. Guess I’ll just have to rely on the three mirrors like some regular hobo.
I put on my leather gloves, and my dish washing gloves on top of them. Clever huh huh . Admit it , that bit was brilliant. Suitably clothed, and with my bucket of water I stride out and give the car a good sloshing. It's at the exact point when I ran out of water and went in for a refill ( I haven't bought a hose/ power washer yet), its at that point, when the utter newbie-ness of what I had done set in.
This was actually my second visit there and it was eye opening on both occasions. First, there's the contrast between the house and the neighborhood. The quartier, in the 10th arrondissement, may once have been elegant, but now it's working class and a mix of cultures, from the Eastern European grocer to the Afro-Brazilian hairdressers. The streetscape is loud with garish signs and busy with people both going about their business and hanging out on the corner. And yet there behind that giant wooden door and a somewhat sterile courtyard are exquisitely painted period rooms and a lush private garden.
For this reason, I suggest either making your own condiments, or at least being educated enough to make healthy choices for yourself at the shop.
only up
Like Switzerland, France has carved a name for herself as a protector and supporter of corrupt African dictators and a beneficiary of their illicit activities. However, unlike Switzerland which has embarked on a journey of image rehabilitation by repatriating some of the money deposited in her crook banks, France has shown no interest in doing such a thing. The military support France usually provide her client dictators in Africa has not only promoted dictatorships, human rights abuse, conflicts and corruption but has also undermined democracy, good governance, rule of law, economic development, food security and poverty reduction. Thus France’s obscure and deadly African policies have produced a situation where the people of Africa have been deprived of resources that could have enabled the citizens to enjoy good standard of living.
Tonight at soccer, I was happily watching Cooper behead dandelions and Jack play some elaborate game that involved 2 other younger siblings and most of the practice cones when a sweaty Harry came running up to me screaming, "I need to go pee RIGHT NOW!"
I did think about blogging and as I was racking my brain on how to make a window water tight in a 1 foot thick wall I really missed it! Throughout the week numerous things crossed my mind as post worthy. Rather than save them, here is what crossed my mind this week.
* Pour into prepared pan and bake for 35-45 minutes or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.
Increasingly, ordinary people get prosecuted for trifles, while politically connected people get a pass for the exact same crime, or far worse behavior.
Apparently, it doesn't end there.
That’s a tough question to answer. When you think your actions are admirable, different perspectives from loved ones may rescale and redefine what you think is admirable. In other words, it may seem admirable to sacrifice your time and energy, but in their eyes, it may be foolish to the point of wasting time.
Now that I’m graduating from college, I’ve gotten some joking (I hope) comments from friends and family that I’m going to grad school far, far away on the East coast in order to find some rich WASP-y law student to marry. Because that’s why people get PhDs. Seven years hunched over books in a library carrel just screams “Marry me!”
Pay to Cum – Bad Brains
We also chatted about what her favorite social media apps are. She divulged that she loves to use the obvious ones, Twitter and Facebook. She also said that she has help in that department because there are interns that help out with the social media aspects of Her Campus’s daily tweets and posts. She explained that search engine optimization (SEO) is a huge part of their social media presence. Each status update or tweet has to have the right words that will get you to not just pass right by it on your feed but actually take the minute or two to click on the link and then eventually read the story. Chartier said this is huge for their audience. “With young girls from high school onto college and even recent grads viewing our content daily, we have to interest them in taking a few minutes out of their busy days to want to read an article about spring clothing trends or Angelina and Brad’s engagement,” she said.
Cuts. Fed up of them. As the only people who are really paying for them are you and me. Well, you. As I live in France.
The main six points raised by Tenaganita during today’s MACC interview pertained to the following:
And now back to the narrative…
As I sat by myself in the packed Nuart Theater in Santa Monica, following the end of Melancholia, two striking things occurred to me. First of all, almost everyone in the audience (mostly college-aged young adults) was dumb-founded: “this wasn’t the thrilling drama I expected” and “what were Kirsten Dunst and True Blood’s Alexander Skarsgård doing in this film”. During the film, a young woman in front of me even turned to her companion sitting next to her and asked “what did you bring me to?”. The second thing I realized after the film was that Melancholia was a hauntingly beautiful masterpiece and one of the best films I had seen that year, creating a gulf between me and a majority of those sitting in the theater around me.
(For modern spellings, hold your mouse pointer over unfamiliar words.)
And now I’m really pissed.
We start driving to Denver and not even 5 minutes into the trip the bitch says she wants to stop and eat. I look over to my buddy and he can tell this is something she should not have said. He tells her that we just left and she would have to wait. About 5 minutes after that he and his girl both get on their cell phones and check voice mails. Not a problem again. Next I hear are both of them returning messages. Do you know what it is like listening to two people in a confined space fighting over who can talk louder on the cell phone? This is not going to be a fun trip. I look at my wife and she looks more pissed than I do. I turn on the radio and start hauling ass. I'm hoping that the further I can get the more likely their calls will get disconnected. Sure enough it does. I smile little.
A last-minute break from snow's routine to Cairo,
Timing
Listening to her every sigh
Every lonely heart finds the one true love
So, I was right, you see. Every writer needs a critic! And every writer (and editor) enjoys poking harmless fun at the mistakes of others, so it’s all in good fun, folks. Join the party and leave a comment with the funniest (or most disastrous) mistake you’ve seen recently!
Here was my reaction when I first visited the store years ago:
He was not given any treatment the whole day and his fever stayed on. When we enquired, he was given antibiotics intravenously around midnight.
Hi everyone! This is Dakota and I am pleased to introduce you to a new friend of mine. Meet Julie Lancaster, the creator, owner and brilliant designer of Off The Cuff Stuff For Pets a site that features one-of-a-kind, handmade -by- Julie accessories and clothes for pets!
Us TOO Board Chairman, prostate cancer warrior and support group leader Jim Kiefert says “Early diagnosis is essential. When I was 50-years-old a PSA test was the first step in my successful battle with prostate cancer. We envision Pints for Prostates will help reach millions of men with the PSA testing message. It is anticipated that many of Us TOO’s 325 local chapters will get involved with special events held around the country as part of the effort.”
Sadly though the new Keel album, ‘Streets Of Rock ‘N’ Roll’ is not so good. The opening trio of songs are classic 80′s styled hard rock/hair metal but sadly the quality dips after this and there are only a couple of other stand out songs on the album.
On any given weekend day, there are easily a hundred thousand little league soccer games being played all across America. A standard soccer game will have 11 players on each team. Only one team can win – there are no ties in mini-van commercials, so we’ll eliminate the 11 players on the losing team. One of the players on the winning team is the goalie, and unless they make an incredible kick, the goalie is highly unlikely to score the winning goal. The goalie, especially in little league soccer, would be much more likely to score the winning goal for the other team, however this would probably not result in his or her being carried off the field a hero.
If, on the other hand, you like more natural alternatives to that oddly colored beverage, but enjoy the flavor of it, then I think maybe you’ll like my more natural sports drink.
Which is dumb. Male metaphors can be crap.
Some are mixed. As a purportedly heterosexual male, I was expected to gawk when an attractive woman walked by. I understand women do not gawk so obviously, but at the same time end up staring because I want to see what she’s wearing to decide if it’s something that might look good on me. This is an impression I need to unwind, modify, and wind back in the right direction. It’s ok to glance to see what she is wearing, but cisgender women hardly ever do the bug eyed stare.
****That’s four.
What do you have planned for the Summer?
1 stupidity
Paul Blart:Mall Cop
This sketch was a doozy to wrap my mind around! After batting around a few ideas, I decided to go with a masculine card and make my brother a birthday card as the fun design was a great fit.
“Fine with me,” said Hank. “Sorry,Dee. You’re stuck with the annoying winner.” Chris shook his head slightly and sipped more wine. Mandy went to the adjacent living room and tuned the stereo to WMMR, a rock station from across the river in Philadelphia.
The weather is cool and crisp but not yet the biting cold of winter. It kisses your cheeks that perfect shade of pink which you can never quite achieve with blush. The cold coaxes the leaves to change from generic green to vibrant hues of red, yellow and orange; so that when the sun hits them the canopy becomes ablaze with a riot of color. The mixture of competing scents from the fresh clean air, to the earthy damp leaves is both comforting and invigorating. Piles of leaves are just waiting… taunting someone to jump into their colorful depths, and scatter them from their neat mounds. The crunch, crunch of leaves that punctuates every fall footstep, is like a song that has been stuck in my head all year, that I finally get to hear. The weather makes everything more cozy inside and out.
That’s a partial solution at best. In the future, smart retailers will be more transparent about their data-gathering efforts and use the results more appropriately. They’ll give customers more options for controlling how much they share and how that information gets applied. Regardless of who gathered it, customers still see it as their data. They expect to be treated like the owners.
All around, if the first issue is any indication, we're in for a dark ride.
1 tsp ground cumin
Still settling in and seeing how things work. Getting to know people very slowly because of the language barrier. It’s pretty difficult. The care workers that come and visit us in the apartment every day are telling people to not speak to me in English! They say that I should learn the language of the country, which I agree with, but still, it’s tough. My level is pretty basic so when it comes to trying to have a conversation with someone, we don’t get very far!
Level 1: STR: +3, Increases your attack speed.
Anyways, we hope that you have had a great weekend and we would like to thank you once again to everyone who participated with us from our last week's sketch. You guys just rocked our world!
Q: What do you prefer to record with and why?
"Up until the last century, hops and barley, as with most crops were grown organically, without chemical fertilizers and pesticides. It is only appropriate that the historical beer styles revived by the craft brewing movement be brewed organically."
What a different Christmas this is for me.
We didn’t have any normal punishment, when we got in trouble we had to kneel with our arms out and usually outside in the front yard so your friends or anyone else who happened to pass by could see you ~ so you’ll learn. It seemed like hours, but it was probably only a couple of minutes! We like to add that we were kneeling on gravel, stickers, hot pavement ~ you know like when your parents would say they walked barefoot in the rain, sleet, snow 5 hours to school or something ~ it makes it sound like you were surviving something! Sometimes I think Mom was just egging us on, I mean why tell us not to look in her bedroom closet right before Christmas. Did she really think we wouldn’t! Oh, did I mention one house we lived in was on a steep slant ~ try kneeling on that, one wrong move and you could eat the ground.
Here is an example of one that I found on Artful Affirmations blog :)
-- Pennsylvania Station is ceremoniously demolished. The fate of the treasured train station has been the subject of prior episodes. Could its final destruction represent something more for the troubled ad agency?
You now have a list of who to trust. How hard was that?
When we meet Angel, she is being raked over the coals by her English teacher because an essay she has written seems suddenly, suspiciously fluent. Plagiarism is suspected. “She doesn’t believe I wrote it, she thought, glancing with contempt at the flustered little woman…. Who does she think wrote it if I didn’t? Who does she think could?” Thus Angel begins and thus she goes on for the entire book — a character like this one doesn’t develop. She just exists, and lets life break around her like waves around a rock (a simile Angel herself might have used). Angel, it turns out, doesn’t read. Has no friends. Lives in a pokey industrial town, above a grocery store. And to rescue herself from the inevitable humiliation of life as a working-class teenage girl at the turn of the 20th century, she resorts to writing fiction.
Reading the symptoms of Swine Flu in that email, I now know I certainly had the ish. And for a couple days, it kicked my ass. Luckily the wife and baby did not get sick, and I healed up in time to where I could consume many litres of beer at Amsterdam and Oktoberfest with no affect other than nearly ruining my marriage.
some advancements already.
Erin Leigh Harty
This is the design I used for this example. I also made the ‘vid’ column (field) in both the Interests and Committee tables a foreign key. In this way when I delete Don Howard from the Volunteer table all entries for that ‘id’ (6) will be deleted from the Interests and the Committee tables. For an explanation of foreign keys see the Session ‘How to create a foreign key’.
Where: The old apartment
However, the cloud doesn’t come without its own problems. As the solution is hosted on the web, bandwidths on broadband lines have to be increased to cater for the additional load of users accessing their applications over the net. This also creates a significant problem with data disconnect due to data being segregated into data silos, which in turn inhibits business intelligence tools. Finally, there is the issue of data nationalisation with opinions of governments ranging from openly hostile to storing their data outside of their jurisdiction to simply expressing a reservation. This of course has an impact on not only government department but also the suppliers, partners and service provides who wish to work with government departments.
I almost always will send snail mail to thank them for their time and let them know how nice it was to meet them. I say (if I believe it to be to true) what a nice environment they created for the interview/audition. And I say simply at the end, “I hope to see you again soon.”
The late spring breeze off of the sea felt great against my face. Of course, anything mildly refreshing would seem as a paradise compared to the oppressing landscape and “weather” of Occipitus. As we approached, the approach to the city was easy to make and just as easy to walk through. It was pleasant to see a prime city again after our last adventure and I must admit, prime women are just as beautiful. The estate of Ashton’s was a large, expensive place and I must make a note to visit this place in the future. Upon entering, Ashton mentioned it was his family’s estate, though no servants came to great us nor carry our belongings. Clearly the estate has fallen to the side. I wonder where the master of the estate is?
...Major Maya Nguyen...
When your child is young, you are the only one with a choice in the relationship. You have choices about how to parent. You can parent with fear, constantly trying to manipulate your child to be exactly who you want her to be. You can use shame and guilt to attempt to control your child. Or you can parent with trust, trying to allow your child to be and to love who she already is. You can use love and support and control yourself. Either way you choose, your child has to stick with you while she is young.
The park also has several miles of hiking trails and a couple of nice waterfalls. So you can understand why we enjoy going there so much.
Sun. We’ve done sunset before, but what about when the sun, in its full glory, is the feature of your photo? Here’s a picture of a Roman alleyway, and the sun transforms this normal scene into something magical with its rays.
Thanks for stopping by :) I would like to enter this into the following challenges:
Santorum: Obama should never have
Here's what I did for this month's challenge!! I used Crissy's image called "Bunny With Flowers" from Whimsy Stamps. This is #2 for my cards for an upcoming fundraiser for my daughter's old elementary school!
And just as every other person I have my flaws as well..
This three year old leopard had killed an impala and then struggled with wild dogs and hyenas over the carcass. Eventually the leopard dragged the impala into this tree so the other predators couldn't steal it.
And we finish with this week's winner who, by happy coincidence, is Finnish...
The very deed that enrages you, the very act that all whites must suffer for you now do to us, yet we are not all guilty, we have a right to our country as do you, yet whites are never permitted victim status, never realised for what they are, what they have achieved and could still do so. So you come, all of you, from all places to this tiny place, you lay our hope to waste and desecrate all we have ever been and then you tell us, quiet!, let us kill you softly, take you smoothly with not a murmur, just a muted convulsion as we expire. We have no right you see, no right to be as we always have been, we deserve this, deserve this fate but who tells you this, informs you and what is their agenda, when we are gone what then, will joy sweep away sorrow, will babes laugh upon entry to this world, leaving the womb joyous, or will you all in some way, somehow be simply murderers, killers of a bound people, a people gagged by a creed, by a dogma unto death.
As Rick Bylina says, we have to do it all. Draft, write, edit, polish, edit, and then, if that were not daunting enough, find an agent. Or, today, maybe not. The brass ring calls. Does it mean I can write the book and then design the cover, proofread the bloody thing at least two or three more times, (by this time, wouldn't I hate nearly every word?), and evaluate which company could best 'publish' my book? And then, as if the next book were not calling me back to my computer, then, wouldn't I need to worry about distribution, marketing, and perhaps the most difficult of all -- self-promotion? And not just worry but actually (sigh) treat my writing as a business? When most days I'm thrilled to just keep writing?
Revelation 17
18. Adjusted to life out of the fast lane of full-time employment. That was a challenge.
People in Leeds still waiting for postal ballot forms for this week’s elections are urged to contact the council after reports some voting packs have not yet been delivered.
- Lucky 13 American amber with duo of butternut squash & patty pan soup
We love you lots!!!
Anyone can compete in the ChiliBrew, and anyone can judge! Just looking for a good time with good food/brews/all of the above? Come on out! Got a killer family chili recipe or brew your own beer? Bring it on! Involved with some other hobby or organization that Does It Together, here in Baltimore? Share the love! We want to bring people interested in all aspects of local lifestyles together to cross-pollinate and build community.
I envy those people who are organized about their Christmas shopping. I really do. I never even start mine until December…
On a personal note my Golden Retriever ‘Honey’ had a dog version of a stroke on Sunday afternoon and poor Honey is at the Veterinary Specialist Centre with hope for rehabilitation, only time will tell. Here is the technical stuff off the internet. In Honey’s case it’s one rear leg. I’m spending as much time as I can at the hospital with her as possible, and went twice yesterday. It’s such a shock to see her so unwell, she is only 7.5yrs old and the words spinal injury are never words you want to hear. She was just playing on the grass when it happened casually sniffing around and then yelped about 20 times, just like that… fine one minute and her life changed the next.
7. Colton – Cyndi Lauper – “Time After Time”
At the diner, Caroline thinks she may have gotten herpes from the lip gloss. Sophie comes by and Max tells Caroline she invited her for a free meal so they could work things out. Sophie compliments the girls’ outfits, tells them the food is horrible, and says she’ll take them to a nicer place tomorrow. She also mentions that all the girls in her apartment worked for her. At the restaurant, Sophie notes that the waiters there make $300-350 a night and Caroline tells her they only make $60-80. Sophie asks them how they expect to accomplish their cupcake business with so little money. She then takes out a model of the house she’s having built in Poland. She says she keeps it around to remember where she’s going.
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
- You will find yourself unable to relax easily. When your baby is sleeping or quiet, you will be 'on edge' waiting for those cries.
Thank you for all your support these past 3 years. For listening to my crazy rants, for watching me paint everything in my entire fucking house-twice, maybe three times, and for just being there. I have no idea what is to come, or where this blog will take me, but I do know I am so glad I stuck with it-(with a few breaks here and there, not gonna lie, I need a break sometimes).
It's been quite the hectic weekend! Here's an old outfit for you from a month or so ago that features one of my favorite Anthropologie pieces, the Raining Pouring blouse. It was a miracle I got it in the first place! I missed out on it the first time and somehow, magically, it showed up, IN MY SIZE, on pop-back a few weeks ago. So freaking exciting and full of whimsy.
Just in at Georgie Emerson Vintage!
James B. Duke would not necessarily have thought so far of the small growers as even to hold them in contempt. The Duke trust exerted an oppression that was purely economic, involving a mechanical indifference, the indifference of a grinder to what it grinds. It was not, that is to say, a political oppression. It did not intend to victimize its victims. It simply followed its single purpose of the highest possible profit, and ignored the “side effects.” Confronting that purpose, any small farmer is only one, and one lost, among a great multitude of others, whose work can be quickly transformed into a great multitude of dollars.
On “dreaming big”: 7:58 – 8:26
december 1! how does it happen? that means there's only a little over 3 weeks until christmas. i'm not ready. we got our tree last friday. it's still bare of ornaments. we were going to decorate it last night and then got sidetrack by this...
I am a busy woman !
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the broccoli florets from the thick stalks, leaving an inch or two of stalk attached to the florets, discarding the rest of the stalks. Cut the larger pieces through the base of the head with a small knife, pulling the florets apart. You should have about 8 cups of florets.
1 Rollo, 164; 186.
So I’ve set the date for publication of Stained. It’s October 14th. But the universe seems to be against me. I’ve dotted all my i’s and crossed my t’s and still it will be delayed a few days. How many I’m still not sure. My book is ready, it’s just the technical issues now. All the behind the scenes machinations that are slowing things down. I thought I was prepared. I had a timeline, a to-do list. But alas, The Man says otherwise. I’m just waiting on the IRS. UGH!
DETROIT—Auto-industry marketers are stepping up efforts to tout electric cars and plug-in hybrids to regulators and consumers, but at a gathering of industry technologists here, senior auto-company executives offered a sharply skeptical view of electric cars, predicting they will remain a marginal part of the U.S. market well into the next decade.
This video was posted online to The Quilt Show blog. Even if you don't sew, quilt, or create in some media, this video is amazing to watch. The pouring paint colors provide such a work of art. I love just seeing the pattern it forms with each additional color.
You know the feeling; you walk by a cemetery, glance over the tombstones, maybe have a creepy thought about one of the stones toppling over and a shambling minion of the undead arising and lunging for you.
Project Manager
using painted bondaweb on canvas
There was some American space thing going on; and Perth decided to turn on lots of lights so the astronauts could see them...from space? Or maybe just from really high up.
James A. Haran, 41, Malverne, N.Y.
Why is this important to remember when it comes to perceptions? Because we need to be aware of them, need to know if they are really true for us or something we took on without thinking.
3b) Create an enterprise zone to encourange re-development of the area that will be in place for a minimum of 5 years.
1/4c granulated stevia, plus some for sprinkling (if you don't mind the carbs, you may use 2T honey instead, but please reduce baking temp to 325, and add 1t baking powder as well)
This particular image was recently a submission in the EditMe challenge I take part in each week and had some fabulous edits. This edited version was what I came up with.
My uncle introduced me to zombies when I was just six years old, when we used to watch Dawn of the Dead and those old movies together. I've loved zombies ever since (well, after I realised that there weren't any waiting in the bathroom for me!) and I love that zombies have become a recurring theme in YA. This sounded like the perfect read for me.
EATING OUT.
The reason people laugh at Ma and Pa in the movies is because they are pure yokel. We laugh at their ignorance and naïveté, but never at who they are as people: dirt-poor, unschooled, simple country folk who make do with what they have.
Breytenbach clearly views Mandela as a demi-god, a kind of elderly holy man, who can do no wrong and who, according to Breytenbach, almost single-handedly halted a possible revolution. The former is of course complete hogwash; the monumentally incompetent Mkhonto we Sizwe, the ANC's so-called military wing (primary targets: defenseless civilians) couldn't defeat a girls' soccer team, let alone liberate one square inch of South African territory when faced with the then mightiest army on the continent.
credit: missA @ youtube (official channel MissA)
So what’s the answer to the question, “is it worth it to advertise in your local newspaper?” For many small businesses that sell to consumers, yes it is — provided you think of your local newspaper as not being the major-metro newspaper but the local community or suburban newspaper, where the audience is targeted, the ad rates lower, and the staff motivated to place your marketing message with more of a personal touch. And you may also want to consider more online hyperlocal advertising alternatives, too.
supplied the ilustration.
through my eyes
The authors apparently violated good scientific practice by redundant publication almost 10 years ago. They presumably benefited from this (undeserved?) inflation of their lists of publications. It is desirable to inform the scientific public in the most transparent way without waiting for reluctant authors to reply to forbearing editors despite obvious preponderance of evidence.
But I don't think it is going to work for the archbishop. Are people going to flock to church to hear sermons against miners and banks? Bank-bashers are a dime a dozen. You don't have to wait until Sunday to get an earful of that.
So, here’s what I’ve compiled for gayby so far:
4. When the space is entirely empty, give it a good clean over with soapy water (I do this first then spray over again using Vanilla fridge wipe - it leaves a lovely scent)
When the mixtures have cooled whip the cream to form peaks and divide into the 3 bowls, folding into the mixtures. Churn the blackberry mixture in an ice cream maker, once the ice cream forms press into your prepared terrine, let freeze for two hours. Keep the other two mixtures in the fridge.
Red-handed, you caught us dreaming again
Illustration of Perception
Arms: OOH OOH OOH, HONEY
Initial police inspections showed she was strangled and had other bruises on her body.
We don’t break laws in pretense of dissent.
Turbo & Lily
#159 experiencing enjoyment
sounds divine right?
All badminton double players need to have their form and fee into Mr.
In 1967 the Mystic Moods Orchestra released their 3rd found-sound infused Easy Listening record, with the theme of the record being the sounds of Mexican beaches, villages and town squares, all mixed in with a Latin-esque orchestral pop sound ala Herb Alpert. Gorgeous strings, luxuriant flamenco guitars, mariachi trumpets setting the stage a midst a backdrop of the sounds of crashing waves and the bustle of Mexican city life indeed make this an easy, and fun, listen. The material here is a mix between traditional Mexican music and Mystic Moods originals, written by the Orchestra's conductor and arranger Don Ralke. Is it a bit cheeseball at times? You bet your ass it is. But it's a fun concept, and immaculately arranged and performed. A must have for fans of the Mystic Moods material and the A&M Latin pop acts like Alpert and the Baja Marimba Band.
I have my places.
When we walked in, a young girl handed us a laminated menu with several exotic selections for our foot baths. We both chose the Chinese Medicine bath. Not only did we get foot baths and foot and leg massages, but that $25 entitled us to entire body massages. The man beating The Boy was the one in charge. He pointed at The Boy after our massages and said bluntly, "Too fat." To which we both stood silently, with big eyes. I did not tell the massage man that we had a grocery bag full of melting ice cream, a big bag of marshmallows for cocoa, and some other things that aren't super healthy.
my bf and i are splitting up again. I decided to give him another chance but a few days after I got home I found a notebook of reasons why he should get custody of ranibow.
In the OWN television program Unfaithful: True Stories of Betrayal, it is evident that being the strong silent type usually leads to something unpleasant and in these cases sexual infidelity. The funny thing is the results of avoidance only compound and supercede the original problem. For example, it could be something as simple as a man is grieving, he then starts to feeling vulnerable, and he naturally questions his identity as a man (everything seems to be tied to their manhood), he withdraws from his wife and family, refuses to talk to his wife even when asked if there is a problem. He repeatedly goes out to some social arena in order to get away from the problems at home, have some alcohol and regains his identity when some hussy, who notices the ring, pays him a bit of attention, and suddenly bam he finds his manhood in another female’s womanhood. So the initial feelings of grief has led to infidelity, which leads to lying, wife finding out (assuming he did not impregnate lover or contracted a STI that was passed on to his wife etc), anger, betrayal, loss of trust, marriage in trouble, separation, tears, regret, and so on and so on. Umm… that’s quite a bit of crap to deal with for simply avoiding.
Every year we head to the Texas Gulf coast for a long weekend. I seem to have yearly posts on the trip (although we've been going many more years than I've been blogging!) and it's fun to look back. I was shocked, however, to realize how easily Sammy took to the sand and the water the past couple of years because this year, from the very first step off the end of the boardwalk, he had an absolute phobia of sand.
Returning to New Scientist, we read that, "with more than 1 million computers on the planet, the global IT sector is responsible for about 2% of human carbon dioxide emissions each year – a similar figure to the global airline industry."
But notice that obedience to the commands of Jesus is not a burden but brings joy. It requires effort to remain in the commands of Jesus just as it requires a great deal of effort to remain in his love by loving one another. He told us these things so that our joy would be complete. So even our completed joy is tied tightly to our obedience to Christ and to our love for Christ and to our love for one another. How can we be in Christ apart from our willingness to obey?
Light is shone through you,
Plunged in the battery-smoke
Used with permission from the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association.
StudioScapes is the third project and Chapter 6 starts right now! All artists participating in The Pulse were asked to submit a photograph of a favorite art-related vignette from their home or studio.
Till the heavens burst and
I wanted a bright Orange Colour Lipstick for a while now~~~so when i saw this one, i was like its a good colour and its on sale~~~so why not~~~as for the liner i though the olive green colour is very nice~~~
Adds 15% ATT at max level.
Joey doesn’t know any better. He doesn’t mean to make it worse, only I know he’s just thrown me into a bucketful of shit.
2 sourced from PolyGram Canada CD single 874 079-2
Very good today and felt full all day. Lunch was tricky as I went out to celebrate a milestone with colleagues. I ate before we went (well, more grazed on nuts all morning) so only had tea, but it wasn’t unpleasant. People were supportive and asking all about the cleanse. We then had cake back at the office, but I did not have a piece.
“I dont like it when i see someone take a step that distances them from what they really want.
He also worked with Lacho Rivero in carnavales, and even worked as a music therapist in a psychiatric hospital.
“On the Feast Day of Bride
The brace areas I played were familiar, based on my play-through of the 360 version, but acutely beneath abundant and a bit truncated. Layouts are afflicted in some areas; abnormally the firehouse, which is not about as accurately reproduced as the Terminal Absoluteness versions'. A lot of of the differences, however, would abandoned be apparent if you had played both versions.
But I finally had time to write a press release...:)
Marina Mist used for card base .White card embossed for background . Small panel of striped paper mounted on Marina Mist with Clip Art food bowl image attached. Sentiment is also computer generated .
I give these few particulars, as I know you will be as interested in the scheme as I am proud of it. The money, I can assure you, will be well spent and not lightly squandered. A portion of it has already been invested in War Saving Certificates.
@FoolishReporter in Seattle
You'll be blessed
2) Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum (I need to read 6)
As for other preparation details to take care of before the show, it is important to be ready well in advance and to maintain healthy hair, skin, nails and teeth year-round. Regular self-manicures/pedicures, exfoliations, hair trims, bleaching, etc. The general upkeep is not only important for health and appearances, but also for day-to-day self-esteem. So if you are new competitor, what are you doing to prepare yourself for the stage and for life and what plans do you have in place afterwards? I would love to hear about it! Send me a message on my Facebook page or post any questions you may have here on the comments section of my blog. Thanks for reading!
He acknowledges attempts at “knockoff” automobiles, but says, “the reality is they really haven’t done that well … The Chinese are very brand conscious.”
And now it's a great spot for riding. I got a small group of friends together yesterday and did a 30-mile loop through Chileno Valley and back along Spring Hill. (And yes, the hills are just as bad -- if not slightly worse -- on a bike. At one point, I really wanted to get off and walk, but I was worried that if I stopped, I'd topple over into the road and get hit by a car. So I just kept pedaling. And grunting. And pedaling.)
Each tower has several levels of upgrades, then a specialty choice (i.e. marksman or rangers for the arrow towers, mage or sorcerer for the magic tower). Once you choose a specialty, then you get to pick from special powers made available from picking your specialty - yes, you can choose poorly.
Before I knew it, I was in the dressing room with a dozen pairs of jeans to try. I decided to start out with something called “jeggings”.. which are basically a lightweight jean that can be worn almost as a legging. Sounds pretty amazing, right? Well, as soon as I put them on, I thought so too. I felt like I was wearing pajamas. In heaven. And they looked great, too…….. from the front. Unfortunately, as soon as I turned around… well let’s just say they took the expression “business in the front, party in the back” to a whole new, unwanted level.
Iris Johansen, WHAT DOESN’T KILL YOU
That said … to my parents: one week a year of 8 hours a day is not intervention-worthy. I realize that by Thursday of Covellifest Beach Week, my skin matches the dinner table. But I have started using sunscreen (yes, SPF 8 counts) and I NEVER look as scary as this woman.
c/o JGA Ltd
There are many bad effects from the recession/debt hangover but people drinking and smoking less is not one of them.
After uncertainty in the opening sequence the audience have realised that their talk of the weather and items from their newspapers is not the small talk of casual acquaintances, but the careful avoidance of subjects too painful to face by two inmates of another institution, a mental hospital, the Home of the title.
I hadn't until I started seeing them pop up on some of the blogs I read. I got a chance to check out their website recently. I was almost overwhelmed at the number of products they have! CSN stores has over 200 different online stores where you can find almost anything you would want or need! They have everything from baby gear to furniture like extra tall bar stools, to accessories for your car. I am completely amazed!
We are an offering to You, Jesus
Bake pie for about 50-60 minutes until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbling. If the edges begin to look too brown before the pie is ready, cover with foil and continue baking. Let stand about two hours to set before serving. Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream both make excellent toppings.
Have you not checked out his stamps, then do it.
- James A. Dukes, Ph D., Dr. Duke’s Essential Herbs
1086. Pizza @ Whitney & Joey’s (Charlotte, NC) 1:10 p.m.
New PA music video for kids glorifies terrorism Ystrdy 2,502 tons of goods&gas (including 52 tons of fruit) entered #Gaza from #Israel via Kerem Shalom crossing IDF’s Anti-Missile Defense Systems: A 360° Look Catherine Ashton makes war inevitable
Many people think that prices in Japan are extravagantly high…but, just like anywhere, “locals” know where to go to get the best deals.
3. Make sure you have all your ingredients out and measured, ready for use.
I use the tripod handle to pivot up and down; it turns side-to-side easily. Ease of rapid movement with stability is critical, as the insect subjects move rapidly over each inflorescence, and from bloom to bloom. Still, the tripod only steadies my own shaky hands. The insects, of course, are moving, but so are the plants, which sway with the slightest breezes. A fast auto-focus helps; a quick hand is still needed when automation fails.
It was hard to be at home, knowing Kendra was here suffering. Each Caring Bridge post or text from her sister brought tears to my eyes. But it was nothing like being here in the middle of it. To watch her discouragement, to hear her silence, to agonize with her through disappointment, broken promises, fevers that won't go down, legs that won't move.....It hurts to see, but hurt brings action. Hurt makes you move and change and deal. Why are we so afraid to allow the pain of others cause us pain too? Why are we so afraid to be touched? Are we really that afraid that God might put us in action? Make us join the fight?
water melons” in the excited boys’ opinions – but the village idiot Giuseppe wrecks their intended session of sordid voyeurism. Instead they turn their attention on him and start verbally bullying him, as he too was planning to watch the two men shag the prostitutes. As they boys taunt Giuseppe, he screams that he will get they, he will get them…
There is not much to separate, this new breed from the neo-con, and should one take the time, one can discern a strong “anti-nazi” perspective to all they do.
Simon Cowell who believes that BBC have ‘declared war’ on him and ITV by launching The Voice, he said: “It is 100 per cent a declaration of war. They launched The Voice because they don’t like BGT and X Factor being successful.”
Questa ragazza e' la mia figlia, Pia. Il ragazzo e' il suo marito, Jason.
We need to show equal respect to all young adults.
so the silver tape
Justine Graykin is a writer and free-lance philosopher sustained by her deep, abiding faith in Science and Humanity — well, Science, anyway –- and the belief that humor is the best anti-gravity device. Find her work and bloggings at justinegraykin.com
the night before the BIG day
A friend currently pointed out that my weekly blog has turned into a biweekly, maybe kind of post place.
casks once we get back on the Last Wednesday schedule.
Well, we still have just over 3 more months. I'm just used to having a set name by now!
I certainly don’t need it:
Just like I would not accept a bottle cap for one of my printed & framed custom beach writings, I would not even think of trading a beach writing for someone's hard earned web design skills.
And the joy of seeing that little bubble in the center of the level window is so worth it. The joy of raking earth into spirals starting from the center of each dome circle and working my way out. The joy of standing on the ground of my one-day house and seeing it now flat and round, looking like Owen's construction drawings.
Look #3: Citrus Twist (it's hard to name these damn things, okay?)
In my opinion, Windows Phone had a great potential. Innovative interface gave huge possibilities to show off for both Microsoft and apps developers. Corporation from Redmond made a big contribution to fail of WP7 as it limited opportunities for developers to do something with this platform. Many issues with Windows Phone could be easily solved with simple solutions like letting users to change the way menu works or approving others browsers than crappy Internet Explorer.
When two shady fellows show up to take Leila, Finch’s paternal instincts kick in and he kidnaps her himself. So not only does Uncle Finch have to provide day care for Leila back at his hideout, he also has to go out shopping for food and diapers under the shadow of an AMBER Alert (which includes a hilarious police sketch of Finch that makes him look like a weirder version of the guy in Munch’s The Scream.
The report further said there were “conflicting reports about the shared intelligence.” One unnamed participant of a meeting said CIA Deputy Director Michael Morrell had presented a dossier to Pakistani officials while another claimed the US had provided “just a tip about what al-Qaida had been planning to do in Pakistan” without related details that could help put the jigsaw together.
In its role as the abstract representation of value, money has done its job almost too well. For us it has become another form of mana, another form of life-blood. Its flow in and out of our lives seems to determine so many aspects of our quality of life. Is it any wonder that we cling to it so?
Planting all kinds of containers for the perfect gift for Mom, shutters, galvanized items... and a few items that have been NFS, but since we're "re-blooming"shall we say, I'm letting go of a few gems.
We'll see how THAT goes. . . .
4) Boston Celtics (20-18) @ Los Angeles Lakers (23-16), Sunday/2:30 pm, ABC
I read and reviewed the original version of this book and loved its snarky nature. This version of it keeps the snarkiness but leaves out the bad words so that it’s a fun book to actually read to the kids you wish would just go to sleep!!! I think kids of all ages will get the humor if their parents read the story to them in the right manner. (It could really go the wrong way with an angry voice!) The pictures will be appreciated by both the children and whoever is reading to them before bed. It’s short, it’s sweet in a not so normal way, and it’s fun – what more do you need?
Innovation – absolutely! In one fell swoop not only did they re-energize their rewards program by making it more valuable for existing card members, but also tapped into the heart of a younger generation, filled with future card members.
Jorrie turned and visibly checked his wife. When he turned back, the man was moving away and into the crowds of milling people to stand against the outside wall. He would have to think fast.
With my first two babies, I was at home with them by myself for the first three months and then I went back to work and they went to daycare. This time, the whole family is home and it sure feels like a big load of people. My husband (who luckily works at home -for now), a five year old, and a terrible two year old plus new baby. It also doesn't help that the 5- and 2-year olds are strange beings that may not be related to me at all because they like to wake up at six o'clock in the morning -a time which I consider sacrilegious to be awake.
Public institutions must act independently and impartially in upholding the rule of law and democracy. Public institutions such as the Judiciary, Attorney-General, Malaysian Anti-Corruption Agency (MACC), Police and the EC must be reformed to act independently, uphold laws and protect human rights.
gang terrorising the
Robert Hood – Wasting Matilda
So what I have decided to do is to start a ‘Grateful Journal’… how very ‘Dawson’s Creek’ of me! I’ll aim to add three things each day that I am grateful for.. it can be as simple as a stunning sunrise, a sleepy smile from my children or a task made easier in work. I think it will be a good exercise for me to start seeing the positive things in my life rather than getting bogged down on the negatives.
Shows a lot about how you see me…and yourself.
Male-dominated as it may seem, the film is paean of a man for his dead wife, an object of love even in death. He is so broken in spirit that he rushes out of his car in remorse to kick a birch tree. Director Fedorchenko stated in his press conference at the Venice film festival: “The slogan of the film was tenderness. We wanted tenderness to be transformed into nostalgia; tenderness and nostalgia were to become synonymous with love. This feeling, this representation of the Merjan, was something we felt the whole time we were staying in that region. Also the names of the rivers bring us back to the Merjan people, and the expression on the women’s faces us reminds us of that people, that there was something different. We wanted to recreate this world that didn’t exist any longer, but was constantly present with us.”
Intermittent depression, hoarding and borderline alchoholism are all
All would be equal and everything would be read. No opinions on quality would be arrived at outside of the media itself. Of course, if an editor happened to be biased, well, that would throw a spanner in the works somewhat. Perhaps I will leave the FXI to sort out that conundrum.
I love working without a chart and making up the pattern as I go along. This is a bug filled excerpt from a sampler I made years ago in that style. There are moths, butterflies, beetles, ladybugs and caterpillars among the flowers. I especially love the caterpillar, but today I'd use different colors.
I think independence is a great quality for a military spouse to possess but sometimes, something’s got to give. We can’t do it all, all of the time. We’re not superwomen even though sometimes we feel we have to be. I’m just a fumbling 26- year old teacher who happens to be married to a man who leaves her a lot because of his job. It’s a lonely, stressful, and tiring lifestyle, but it’s nothing I can’t handle. You know why? I don’t have to handle it alone.
“Only tell me what it is”, Hachiyemon answered; “and if it be in my power to do, I shall be more than glad to do it.”
And don’t think Bill Donohue doesn’t know exactly what he just heard! He’s so mad he’s about to go full-Nuge!
Once that document had been signed and sworn by Nancy and Alice there would be no reason for anyone to question it or to ask for sight of any other documentation. There is no requirement for the candidate to identify himself, he has already been identified and his eligibility verified by Nancy and Alice. Also, everyone knows who he is, or thinks they do.
I submitted a very rough draft of the first chapter of my PhD this week. Most of the work was done last year, but still it feels that I am making progress so now to keep up the momentum.
"The strike has led to some retail sites experiencing fuel shortages," Shell said in a statement. Drivers themselves say that they refuse to go into any townships, because they are being threatened there the most.
Wearing: Jumper: Forever 21, leggings: Manila, hat: H&M, shoes: ShoesbySaraVee, rings: everywhere
Well, I do want to cum... I thought. "Nah, I'll catch them in the morning."
Dear Superintendent Gent and Fellow School District Members,
“A piece of paper?”
3. In a pan add 1 tsp of oil , add jeera,mustard seeds,dry red chilly and just when it starts to splutter add onions ,curry leaves and saute till it turns slightly transparent.
When Mr Slipper returned to his office, Mr Pyne promptly left.
Sibongile Ndashe
Render settings.
A sweeping and suspenseful tale of secrets, intrigue, and lovers separated by time, all connected through the mystical qualities of a perfume created in the days of Cleopatra–and lost for 2,000 years.
9. The report quotes an Israeli scholar who puts “Political Judaism” on par with “Political Islam.” It is a key principle of Likud propaganda that no movement in Israel may ever be compared to movements in the Muslim world.
Accompanying these DIY and Feminist focused ideals, was the rejection of Machismo; an over-masculine, testosterone fuelled attitude adopted by males. Fugazi performances were devoid of any security staff and were operated by venue workers and Fugazi techs (Azerrad, 2001). Ian MacKaye and co discouraged the expressive displays of overt masculinity (Sammut, 2010). The physical appreciation of MacKaye’s former band, Minor Threat was deemed inappropriate for the art-focused and thought provoking Fugazi. This meant the acts of slam dancing; stage diving and moshing were prohibited. This also confronted the actions of the apolitical punks who found solace and escape through the actions of inebriation and slamdancing; actions they could practice and identify with other ‘hardcore’ shows (Tsitsos, 1999). Any persons that practiced these displays would be handed an envelope containing the ticket cost and would be escorted from the venue (Sammut, 2010). MacKaye would often stop performances and single out any perpetrators in polite debate. “They have one form of communication; violence. So to disorient them, you say, “Excuse me, Sir, could you cut that crap out?”” (Azerrad, 2001). These band/audiences discussions are highlighted in “Having Fun Onstage With Fugazi”; a collage of recordings from the band’s live performances (Burns, 2011). In the group’s DVD, Instrument, MacKaye once roared at the crowd,
Their Tempranillo wines
I wanted to get out of there so badly, I can't even explain it. Leaving before the game would look intentional - and even though I can be a big twat, I didn't want to hurt his feelings too much...I mean, the guy was nice and all. There had to be a way to let him down nicely. The whole nerd posse and I took our seats right in front of the glass in the arena. I was flanked between the semi-decent looking nerd and the laughing Accountant and kind of ended up positioning myself so that I was leaning towards the semi-decent looking nerd. Lucky for me, the laughing Accountant noticed that I was out of beer again (sometimes I think I may have a drinking problem), and jumped up to get me a refill. Um...thanks. At this rate, I'll be wasted by the end of the first period. I took that opportunity to think about my get-a-way plan and to flirt a little with the semi-decent nerd, who admitted that he hated hockey and was dragged to the game so that he could meet the laughing Accountant's new girlfriend. Seriously. That pretty much solidified the need for an escape plan...and the need was urgent.
The "Dicionário Houaiss da língua portuguesa" defines saudade (or saudades) as "A somewhat melancholic feeling of incompleteness. It is related to thinking back on situations of privation due to the absence of someone or something, to move away from a place or thing, or to the absence of a set of particular and desirable experiences and pleasures once lived."
Shining.
Yesterday afternoon, we took Linda to Centennial Park to see our super talented friend Ashley work her booth at TACA. Linda had a blast. Everyone loves her, especially kids, although not so much geese as it turns out....
is headed by our Friend and Guide
Locally-made veal Weisswurst sausages poached in a spiced Mikkeller Christmas ale broth, served with braised red cabbage, Brussels sprouts, smoked bacon & hops-infused apple-mustard. This dish was the wurst! Actually, it was really damn good.
-AK
Prison warden: Goo do you have any final words before we hang you by your lying scrawny little neck?
I go through phases with desserts and lately I've been all about caramel. Not too long ago that's something you probably wouldn't have heard me say; I feared making caramel and rarely had good results. It still doesn't always turn out on the first try for me, but I'm more confident in the process and actually think it's pretty fun. After I made these salted caramel cheesecake bars recently, I had a ton of leftover caramel in my fridge and started digging through my bookmarked recipes for ways to use it up. Without realizing it, I'd saved these brownies from 3 different blogs so it only made sense to give them a try.
The wren is he, with his maiden face.
The emphasis during the ministry of Jesus was far and away on personal time and attention given directly to people He and His disciples could touch. It was not dependent on shekels to finance large, impersonal evangelistic efforts or other marketing strategies. I doubt Peter understood the full significance of his words when he said to the crippled man at the entrance to the temple, “Silver and gold I do not have, but what I do have I give you . . . “ What did Peter have? “In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk,” Acts 3:6.
I’ll be like this till the end of days
Vodka and the labels peel off so they can double
Facebook. But there are many more I never did read, and I apologise upfront for leaving out anyone
Demographically and ethnically then, Ireland is changing. In 2006 there were over 52,000 non-Irish children under the age of 14, 6% of the total age group, with up to 30,000 of these non English speaking. Other countries have had to face the issues raised, and the problems posed, of assimilation, of integration, or of simply coping with new arrivals. Now it is Ireland’s turn. It was complained of mediaeval arrivals from England that in time they became “more Irish than the Irish themselves”. Could this happen again? The numbers then were minute. Could History be repeated with the current sizeable and diverse inflow?
The scape is naturally beautiful. I am in love with its whimsical style. I love how they curl around into a double helix, the long thin closed blossom, how they looked bunched and how they bloom. I save one bunch for a vase just to watch them bloom. Eventually the snaking scape stands up completely straight and opens up to a myriad of small balls, much like it’s cousin the onion.
Further Evidence
Today, it pretty much snowed all day. It is January in Ottawa. I probably shouldn't be surprised. Yet even after all that snow, somehow there was only a thin layer of snow for me to brush off my car at going home time. So, all in all, not too shabby.
1 Banana, sliced then cut in half
By this time I was in pain from my stomach and could hardly walk the last few steps to the entrance of the building. When I got inside the door, I found an empty chair and sat down.
When Lupus took everything away from me I obviously was worried about more things rather than just my looks.
Now comes Transformers: The Ride 3D, another motion simulator ride akin to the re-engineered Amazing Spiderman Ride 3D at Islands of Adventure.
I started yesterday morning with a foray into songwriting with Terry Rielly, a well known entertainer from Newfoundland. With absolutely no musical ability, that right there is proof that anything is possible! But that's a post all on it's own.
Read and annotate “Love,” “Spin,” and “On The Rainy River.” Write responses to all of the thematic questions included on the slideshow, which is linked here.
Since the junta’s brutal crackdown of protesters in 1988, the United States and the European Union have imposed increasingly robust economic sanctions against the regime. China also faced international condemnation over the repression of demonstrators …
“There you go, mate,’ says the barman, ‘that’ll be ten cents.”
Judith Hallett, Classics Professor at the University of Maryland, describes the Matronalia as a love devotional from husband to wife. “On that day husbands would pray for the health of their wives and give them presents, and wives would dress up….” Wives dressed up by dressing down: undoing their belts, leaving not a single knot in their robes, and loosening their braided hair, thereby encouraging Juno to loosen their wombs and bring forth their “children into the light” — a phrase attributed to Juno as the patron goddess of childbirth.
I had fun playing with the Eco Green Acrylic Paint and Gesso to make my bird canvas this week ... but before I touched any paint I added lots of texture to the canvas! A strip of old book page ... a piece of Claudine Hellmuth's Sticky Backed Canvas pleated; some Gesso through a Sequin Waste Stencil ... and then I started painting!
Yes...yes...no.
6. You have a bachelor’s degree in creative writing, which seems like a great foundation. How did that training change you as a writer? Feel free to mention any mentors or any authors you read in class that influenced your creative growth.
I’m going to share the story of Goliath’s illness because I’m hoping someone might learn. Goliath was born here on the farm, and he was always a snuggler and a hugger. He was so sweet! I decided to keep him. I even went out and bought three lovely boer nannies so he would have some girls of his own.
People buy high-line luxury vehicles for a status symbol.
gingerly walking on the small sharp rocks
In Atlantic Highlands, NJ.
Reduce heat to medium and cook until onions are soft and caramelized, about 15 minutes. Add:
I have no idea what this means but apparently he powers his big crab using his void energy or something, how that’s supposed to work and any precedent for that isn’t given so basically fuck you.
Bring on 2012 : )
Feet - I cut the little flower from itty bitty punch pack - but I should have just used the owl feet
Bus Daydreaming
Memory
To me personally, the word “slut” means, “A woman who is willing to openly pursue her sexual desires without fear of judgement”
Yesterday was so much fun with PTI's February blog hop. Fabulous inspiration, I tell ya. I had a blast!
if you were farther away
Liam Cooper walks down a street in Boston’s financial district, hot dog in hand, eating as he goes. The woman next to him has no food and despite the summer season, wears a dark suit coat and slacks. She is plain, her hair pulled back in an efficient bun. She is neat corners and clean cut. Liam hasn’t shaved in several days, his hair is unkempt, and even though he wears sunglasses, he winces in the sunlight. He takes a bite of his hot dog. Some violently green relish falls onto the ground.
Coat a bundt cake pan or fluted tube pan with baking spray with flour.
We're running a little tight on green stuff, so I decided to try to make something. I got this idea from Pinterest (theirs was much MUCH cuter). I forgot to print out a cover page so I had to improvise at the last minute.
As many as five million Americans suffer some form of heart failure, but only about 2,000 hearts a year become available for transplant. The obvious solution to that scarcity is to build an artificial heart, and how hard could that be? The heart’s just a pump, after all, and people have been making pumps since the Mesopotamians invented the shadoof to raise river water 3,000 years before the birth of Christ. Doctors started thinking seriously about replacing the heart with a machine around the time Harry Truman was president.
Because within their hearts the clang
This past summer, however, a couple of his comments rubbed me the wrong way.
Home-made decal sentiment
And so the Slender Western Lake receives its given name.
Nails In Your Hands (Mercy Me)
The checklist is probably only 20% filled. But the closet is significant and probably represents a good 40% of what we need to do.
Side effects of decreased appetite and nausea were tolerable for those the herb helped. The researchers planned to move on to a more scientifically controlled clinical trial phase to further test the herb’s effectiveness.
Warning: Shameless Self Promotion to follow...
I’m a Recovering Job Gypsy. What Are You? by Debra Kristi – This post hit home for me. Debra recounts the journey she has taken on her search to discover what job and career were the right fit.
Meal 1: A lunch using linguine. Stir fried linguine with Tom Yam paste with lots of vegetable, chicken strips and an egg.
Dissemination is in our own hands now. I usually check the arXiv every day, but it’s been years since I last bothered with the current journals in the library, other than to look up published versions of papers that I’d already seen as preprints. Of course we will want to take ownership of the rest of the publishing process: the record-keeping, the peer review with its twin goals of debugging papers and evaluating their merit. These are functions that are worth keeping. I do use the library on a regular basis for older articles; I’d rather cite a stable, debugged journal article (where possible) than a preprint that could get replaced or pulled down tomorrow; and, as inaccurate as it can be to judge papers by the journals they appear in, I’d rather have such (approximate) marks of the quality of my work in place than leave it to each year’s departmental committee on merit pay increases to try to figure out all over again what I’m doing and why it’s supposed to be important.
Half a century later in 2001, a group of adventurers were exploring the forest and were surprised to find the elderly couple and the over 6,000 hand-carved steps. Liu Ming Sheng, one of their seven children said, “My parents loved each other so much, they have lived in seclusion for over 50 years and never been apart a single day. He hand carved more than 6,000 steps over the years for my mother’s convenience, although she doesn’t go down the mountain that much.”
Keith Richburg is a native of Detroit, Michigan. He attended the University Liggett School, the University of Michigan (BA, 1980) and the London School of Economics (MSc. 1985).
Sprinkle with a little S&P
I dunno, you tell me: anyone who knows me, am I the kind of guy who seems to cry out, you know, stone carver?
Don't you just love the butterflies? As the base, I've used a Maya Road chipboard butterfly. Then I gave it a coat of gesso. After that was dry, I mixed together LuminArte' Stargazer (mica) with multi-medium to make paint. I did the same with Snap Dragon (mica) and made more paint : ) To give it even more shimmer, I added a bit more dry mica on top of each color. The multi-medium can be used as a glue, so the mica is stuck on there good and tight! I've tried to rub it off, but it doesn't : ) AND... it's not sticky. This is cool stuff!!!
Listen to your coach
But somehow I still love running. I love seeing how far I can push myself and how fast I can go. When will I reach my plateau of speed? Or have I already peaked?
866. Delicious, delicious White Carrot & Potato Soup and Super Veggie Wrap @ Kimberton Whole Foods (Kimberton, PA) 1:29 p.m.
Note: I entered the sympathy card I made for Maureen into the Saturated Canary doily challenge. My number was drawn to win three digis of my choice from Saturated Canary! Woohoo! I love those digis! :^)
The kinds of items offered for sale are trivial: a $10 leather jacket; a $5 hair dryer dating from the first Bush administration; a $2.50 bullfrog tadpole. But the people selling these wares have fascinating stories to tell, all the more so when the author finds a rapport with them.
A personal friend of this writer who works for the police, and who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the first cop then frisked the woman and insisted the woman gave him a below job, again threatening her and her son with harm if she refused.
-Better platform to incorporate advertising.
Well Done Cheryl!!!!....Please can you email me (Joanne) and I will pass on your email to Annette over at Stamp Fairy who'll than be in contact with you on how to claim your $10 gift cerificate.
I'm still waiting for something to be done about my ceiling. The last time I phoned about it, I was promised that it would be sorted by Friday the 8th. Well Friday the 8th came and went. Phoned again and was told that someone would be here on Monday without fail. Not sure if that is just to look at what needs doing or if the job is going to get done. Can't see the latter really as no one has been to see it. Well I do know that if it isn't done very soon, I might just tell them that if it isn't done I will have to get someone in to do it, and send them the bill. Perhaps that will give'em a kick up the proverbial. I'm totally p****d off now.
- Hotel Particulier: You have to reserve, but once there you, you’re completely removed from the hustle and bustle of hectic Paris life and hidden away in an idyllic little garden.
3) Zimmerman's attorney and close black friend.
You won’t believe what I found…
There was this queue, and I was so blur that I didn't even realised people were all queueing up to get an autograph signed book from Chef Tyler Florence. By the time I went to queue up, I was told by one of the staff from Alexia and I quote after her "Sorry Miss! Am afraid the queue up to the line has ended". Do you know, to hear that remark and she couldn't even make an exception for me since I did fly half way across the world to attend this event was really heartbreaking and painful to my ears. What a bummer right? I could feel my eyes tearing up, but I remained calm and composed and walked away like any lady would. So I told myself in my mind, okay it's just Chef Tyler Florence, but who am I kidding right?
Ink used is a memento dew drop....
Until next week …
Jeff said when he came to Huntsville, he took his first step and admitted his faults, tonight, he is here at The Impact Zone to address the boys. Nobody knows what he has been through since Victory Road, so he has to do this for himself.
Another wonderful, ingredients straight-out-of-the-fridge quick bread recipe, these scones are perfect for mornings when you aim to please but are short on time. The dough was noticeably more wet than the Maple Cornmeal Biscuits from last week, so cutting them into triangles and transferring them to the baking sheet was a bit messy (flouring a dough-cutter before each cut helps), but the resulting product was tender, buttery, and aromatic. The oatmeal added some heft to the pastry, so a couple of these would definitely hold me over until lunchtime, and they were a satisfying vehicle for rich, Kerrygold butter and vibrant, apricot jam as well. Oatmeal, nutmeg, apricot jam? substitute the buttermilk for almond milk, throw a handful of nuts in the dough and I think I've got my new breakfast of champions...
Time of Ja’s life: Grade three
These spiral little mooncake is really tasty . Unbelievably tasty . Once you started eating you won't be able to stop. Heehee .... at least thats what my mom said. My little Ryan loves it too . Thats the best part of all.
No I don’t wanna cuddle you after sex. Yes, it was great… But now you’re all sweaty and I just really wanna go to sleep. Having your big sweaty heavy and hairy legs wrapped around me and you breathing in my ear is not going to help me fall asleep quickly.
Mile 4 - 10:08
Okay, so while these next few shots are technically shops and not stalls, they are located at Borough Market, and for me, they are an absolutely essential part of any trip there. I so hope you're not lactose intolerant, because you simply must try these gorgeous British artisanal cheeses. The original Neal's Yard Dairy is in, you guessed it, the wonderfully quirky Neal's Yard, and I love that one, too, but this one has the added bonus of being next door to Monmouth Coffee. There's a reason so many people are waiting in line for coffee. This stuff is fabulous. Seriously. I don't drink coffee anymore, but I always break down and have just one small cappuccino when I'm in London, and this is the place where I get it.
In the giraffe's tummy was a picture frame, and in the giraffe's tummy picture frame were two photos -- one of my nice boy wearing a tuxedo (at a homecoming dance he had attended with someone else, before we'd met) and one of my nice boy when he was a nice little boy.
I hadn't been to the cinema for ages, and I love films. But not having a tv or radio I rather relied on Bob (womb fruit) to keep me informed of what was on. Now he's gone off to become himself without parental interference I have no clue. However, when I logged on to Twitter for the Foyles Friday book game my eyes fell on a tweet from TED about Hugo. I can't remember what it said but whatever it was diverted my attention from the game and sent me off to find out more. And yesterday we went to see it.
A little bit more about Wildflower Linen....
Story #4:
1 import
The discussion is being furthered in the thread The Quiet Game, where Zenster brings up the question of which has to be defeated first, Islam or political correctness / multiculturalism / etc.?
Using an immersion blender puree the soup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Uloma's Rape
Essential facts about Christian Zionism
(skirt/blouse: thrifted; scarf: tjmaxx; shoes: seychelles)
6.North Coco Plum Island, Belize
Derek Lowe, in my opinion, was the best move made by the Indians in the off-season. When discussing Lowe, I keep referring back to 2005 when the Indians had Kevin Millwood and in 2007 when they had Paul Byrd. Both guys brought invaluable experience to the rotation and both were beyond solid all year. Millwood suffered from a bit of the Masterson curse of poor run support, yet he was still a big reason why they were in playoff contention up until the final couple games of the season. Paul Byrd was a 15 game winner in 2007 and even got a postseason win. I believe if the Indians contend this year, Derek Lowe will have a big part in that. He can get, what I call, a “veteran’s out” when you need it most. He can get a few guys on base, either by walk or hit, yet limit the damage almost every time. Millwood was a master at that in ’05.
I also taught my budgie to say, "Hello, baby"
HOWEVER! This last time I made it, I took the leftovers and made BBQ pulled pork nachos.
Reply to this post if you are interested!
It was not uncommon for young Jewish girls to be dedicated solely to God from a very young age, having taken a perpetual vow of virginity that would permit marriage, but not sexual relations.
After the splashy big-budget (by Hammer standards) production of FRANKENSTEIN MUST BE DESTROYED, with it’s actual night-for-night photography and fiery denouement, F.A.T.M.F.H. is something of a chamber piece, confined after its first scenes (featuring the beloved Patrick Troughton as a grave-robber) to a lunatic asylum (The Ingolstadt Booby Hatch for Stereotypical Nutters), where the Baron has been confined, before basically taking over the place by means of blackmail.
Over the course of the film, they suffer the same loss of sexuality, but their very non-sitcom marriage cannot survive it (“Once, she gave me a blow job on the Taconic,” Hamm shouts angrily in an uncomfortable dinner-table scene, “Now look at us!”)
For our grandmas a couple of years ago, I did a handprint with paint on one side and let my son color the other side with markers–all scribbles. They turned out adorable and the grandmas love them! (see above)
The personal advocacy is one aspect I really liked about private adoption. A friend or family member would be talking to a mother, specifically about our family. Not to mention the fact that if we were to do a private adoption, we currently have enough money to pay for it- right now. I would not have to worry about pulling an additional $16,000 out of thin air.
In their own words, "we responsibly create products, architecture, and other fun things around the world."
The show opens tonight at 7 p.m. and will remain open in the evenings on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday until 8 p.m., Friday until 3p.m.
Coauthor Roy Haggerty, a professor in OSU’s College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences, said warming temperatures can create more rapid or earlier snowmelt and affect stream temperatures in some locations. Another explanation for the lack of warming in many streams can be a time lag that can occur between precipitation entering underground aquifers and entering the stream.
Stay tuned for the details.
President Obama hastily shelved his EPA's plans to implement harsh regulations to force companies to comply with new regulations designed to penalize businesses to supposedly force reductions in ozone and lessen global warming.
It all came together about a month out from the race. I not only felt strong on every run that I did...I felt bullet-proof. I was thinking I had a pretty good chance to beat my old 2006 P.R. on the course, which was 22 hours, and four minutes. But I also knew that race performance is always hinged on how you feel on the given race day, and that fact is amplified significantly for the 100-mile distance. It can come down to a matter of survival, rather than worrying about some ego-induced pie-in-the-sky finish time. So my thoughts of glory are always tempered by the thought that “just finishing in one piece” should be the first rule to consider on any 100-mile race day. And if you’re feeling good from mile sixty onward, hit it hard and go for broke.
Is all at once soothed by him
More party food! The easiest possible party food, really. Four ingredients, one of which comes out of a can. Make at least a double recipe, or you’ll regret it. That is all. :)
I’m not a prude and the show handles sex elsewhere in an adult manner, but the whole immortal/angel screw-and-die stuff just doesn’t work.
Scratch that. Enjoy.
Tom sprints across the room to stop whatever train wreck may or may not be about to occur. Closes drawer.
Fish sales must skyrocket during the Lenten season since people don't eat meat on Fridays. I love fish anytime and these Asian Salmon Burgers are a quick and budget friendly because I used canned salmon. I try to only buy wild salmon because farm raised salmon does not have the same health benefits from what I have read. I accented these salmon burgers with sesame seeds and topped it off with a spicy tartar sauce. Everyone in my family (including the picky eaters) loved the salmon burgers. I can't wait to make these burgers again next week. :)
I have over thirty years of training and experience in every aspect of this vision: I have ten years’ experience with top-echelon hospitality businesses; I have been an educator, program and curriculum developer for twenty years; I have been the Executive Director of an NGO based in California for ten years; I have planted schools, training programs and houses of prayer. My wife and I have developed supportive communities in three countries. I am now Professor of Education at Shingu University, Korea. We’ve seen the idea work in various configurations. We want to take it now to the next level. Join us as we take this exciting step! The reality is beginning to take shape in Fiji! For more information you can get a copy of my book from the publisher here. Or you can go to the online project plan at: gust.com/c/ring_of_fire .
Bennett in a disappointed voice, "Oohhhh, but why did he make mosquitoes to eat people?"
The bottom shelf is everyday dishes, just inexpensive bits of this and that, that I love.
5. You're at a party and see a gorgeous girl.. She walks up to you and says: 'You are very rich! Will you marry me?' - That's Brand Recognition
Why do we hide behind our masks? Why do we only feel the confidence to bare our souls to the universe when our faces our hidden?
I have been reading everyones blog posts, just not commenting like I normally do, rest assured I am reading though!
So I sit here every day and blog, read blogs and email friends.
A sturdy lass with a string of children herded them all into the loo. The loo can take wheelchairs or families with half a dozen children. It’s why there’s only one. And a queue. Tena Lady Seniors formed an orderly line, edging in silent panic from sensibly clad foot to sensibly clad foot, pretending to ignore the stifled cries within as Shayne, Wayne and Dwayne peed somewhere near the lavatory. I know, I know, the SnobGod will get me.
3 – Hydrate – Nothing will sap your energy and enthusiasm than lack of H20.
As part of its ongoing commitment to extending its culture and arts programs for the Latino community in Los Angeles, California, the University of Guadalajara is organizing one of the most ambitious events ever held to promote Spanish: LéaLA, Feria del Libro en Español de Los Ángeles.
As Napoleon pursues his plans for the invasion of England, English operative Augustus Whittlesby gets wind of a top secret device, to be demonstrated over the course of a house party at Malmaison. The catch? The only way in is to join forces with that annoying American socialite, Emma Morris Delagardie, who has been commissioned to write a masque for the weekend’s entertainment. Even so, it should leave plenty of alone time with Augustus’ colleague (and goddess), Jane Wooliston, who has been tapped to play the heroine. Or so Augustus tells himself. In this complicated masque within a masque, nothing seems to go quite as scripted… especially Emma
One thing I’ve honestly found myself wondering, though, is why no one has attempted to make the case against gay marriage in pure economic terms. The closest I’ve ever heard is the one that argues that it somehow “cheapens” straight marriage or that it’s a counterfeit to the real marriage that can happen between a man and a woman. They have yet to explain how it might cheapen straight marriage and I don’t really understand what makes my marriage (to a woman) any different from the marriages of any of my gay friends and acquaintances. I’d almost argue that their relationships are stronger than my own, but I digress.
- Semen flying through the air
14. San Diego Natural History Museum
“He must be a hunter,” Xu Guan tried to quiet his breathing and slow his heartbeat. He had spent many of the hours of his youth in a similar position looking for food to feed his family.
A silver medal winner in the Moonbeam Children’s Book Awards, Beehive Reader 1 is the first in a new series of readers that correlates with All About Spelling. It is also the first peek into a new curriculum slated to be released this year called All About Reading. By the end of 2010, All About Learning expects to have published four more readers and a teacher’s manual. In fact, they’re being illustrated right now!
Keep up the good work!!!!! I know it's tough at times. However, your love, understanding, and commitment is appreciated!!!!!!
I am hooked! Literally. I had a couple of 3M Command Hooks staring at me, begging to be put to good use. And since I am such a big fan of using ALL real estate in an small area, like I did here, when I used the inside of my spice cabinet door to store my spices, I got to thinkin', where else can I use the same thought process? Inside cabinet doors and hooks. BINGO!
Minute to Win It
Granny's fresh rolls or biscuits. They are actually a bit of both and we love them and her. She is responsible for many, many, many Sunday dinners supplied by my Poppy's garden when I was growing up. I only now know how seriously amazing all that was. Her influence is always at my T-day table (and every other dinner I have ever made).
A saving place to run, a hope unshakeable
I have been reading books about breweing and breweries for the past year or so. First up was "Brewing Up a Business" by my hero, Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head. By the time I was finished reading that, I had my mind made up. I wanted to be the next Sam. Then I read "Beer School, Bottling Success at the Brookly Brewery" by the owners Steve Hindy and Tom Potter. A truely fascinating and educational book for the beer and business alike. Now I'm on to "The Complete Joy of Home Brewing" by Charlie Papazian. I love it. I just can't get enough.
Maybe? I am not saying for certain that she is fronting another in a long line of AstroTurf groups for the GOP and corporate interests... But take a look and decide for yourself. For all I know, she may just be as crazy as her movement implies?
Nov 13 Inverness Ironworks
Peter Keller, if there was a prize for failing, you'd win it, posthumously, of course.
Why? The Bell and the Hammer are an ancient memory, an archetype. There was an identical bell in the dead city of Charn, in the Hall of Images. It's a test. A trap.
I finished my class this morning, and I'm so excited to have the rest of the day free! Well, besides doing homework. I have to write a news story about a really cool event I visited yesterday: an art exhibit. It made me realize that I'm very interested in art and how there are so many different forms of it out there. To get into the specifics, I went to a fiber art show, which displayed fabrics and other types of art. I almost signed up for a fiber art class for this winter, but now I'm definitely interested in signing up for it next year! For now, I can stick with writing about it.
It’s my first and only surprise birthday party. I feel like a princess. Crepe paper flowers and steamers hide the carpet that day.
57. Do you want to come over? My mom wants to be the first one to meet the girl of my dreams! +
Although I knew that the profile would be published in this issue, I did not know until very recently that my artwork would be on the cover. And I did not know until the moment I read through the issue that a review of my book The Pulse of Mixed Media is also included. Let's just say I am Grateful with a Capital G.
pencils
And it makes me sad, and I wonder if it's true. As a mega-fan of the genre who will continue to read (and write) dystopian novels, I'm wondering how you feel.
Cavemen. They didn't have toilets, so I'm guessing they just took a dump wherever they wanted. No issue.
-Life in general
As I get this experiment to the point where I am only collecting data, I can continue to blog about the wonderful native plants that we have growing around us here in the United States that not only look and smell good but also provide food and shelter to our native fauna. For the next set of blogs, I want to leave the woody 'domain' and concentrate on the herbaceous plants that are native to the US and are also beautiful and easy to grow!
“Every time a policeman gets a look at me I can see the wheels starting to turn in his head. He’s positive that I’m on his ‘wanted’ list for at least three major crimes.”
it a little more than usual. You see, Colin is going away to
Race remains one of the various "third rail" topics in American politics. Anyone who dares to deviate from the accepted "Black victim narrative" risks being labeled a racist; jobs and livelihoods have been lost over such transgressions. For a non-Black American the temptation is strong to ignore the whole issue; if the Black community wants to persist in damaging themselves with their behavior, why should I intervene? Worse, many members of my parents' generation risked bodily injury to stand and walk beside our Black brethren in the days of the Civil Rights Struggle. The brother of a close colleague of my father was murdered in the 1960s for trying to organize Black voters in Mississippi, yet many White civil rights activists felt their "thanks" was to be castigated by a younger generation of more radical Black activists in the 1970s.
Dave and Emma are busy folks...you might know of their folk/punk accordion/guitar duo Chicken Little. Check them out here.
WHY WASN’T JAPAN USING ITS MONEY TO HEAL THE PLANET?
Hanoi Cafe was greatly disappointing, the food lacked the freshness and punch that good Vietnamese should have. The sauces were weird and bad. The staff were nice enough and it is BYO but forget this place and go to Viet Grill instead.
and the music. oh, the music.
Wilson himself, it is true, had at best only a vague idea of how the principle of self-determination would be practically implemented even in Europe, and he devoted little attention to its implications elsewhere. Nevertheless, the president’s talk about the right to self-determination and his advocacy of the League of Nations implied a new and more equitable model of international relations, and they took on a life of their own, independent of Wilson and his intentions. For colonial nationalists, the acceptance of these principles as a basis for the armistice and their establishment as central tenets of the coming peace settlement were sufficient reasons to expect great changes in their own positions in international affairs. Wilson, in his wartime addresses, especially those that he delivered in the final months of the war, had couched his principles explicitly in sweeping, universal terms. Egyptians, Indians, Chinese, Koreans, and other colonial nationalists saw little reason that they should not apply outside Europe as well as within it.
- Prospect Heights Patch reported that Classon Avenue will soon be a one-lane thoroughfare, as part of a city effort to curb accidents. As anyone who's biked or driven on Classon knows, it's only a two-lane road if you're willing to drive like a maniac and risk taking mirrors off parked cars, so the change is a welcome improvement. Let's hope similar measures (and a bike lane) are in store for almost-as-narrow Franklin.
He acted out of “pure vindictiveness”, said company director Rodney Sharp.
First the intent is to shield the team from the storms that run down from above. This means as a supervisor you need to deal with the organizational issues and pass on what your team needs. Protecting the team from the whims of bosses is a critical element of creating effective teams. It also means exposing them to what they need to know. Just like an umbrella you can’t shelter them from everything, just the worst of it all.
worship. We have a program at our churches, but at any time and in any
well, maybe it is their detail and pattern, too.
Next, this bottle marks the oldest vintage of Wine that I have purchased to date.
Director George Miller delivered a visually spectacular and heart warming story, the kind of thing that parents should take the time to watch with their children.
Empty Days
1960: 1037.4 OG
07. Paradise stars 1:30
"Spiritual Warfare . . . hm. That's exactly what I think I'm going through" I note to myself. "I think it's about time I muster up some courage and begin reading," I tell myself.
*I am continuing to work on this paper but feel an unction in the Spirit to release it right now. Please come back to review it to see how I “finish it up”. I have more to write.
And the night of death was past.
My baby is two years old today! Moms always tell me time with kids flies by. I believe them, and it seems to be so much more true as adoptive parents. Even though we met Zane when he was 16 months old, we feel like we've been his parents forever. In some ways it's like he's always been here, but in other ways, like today, it feels like I've only had him for a few short weeks. I'm not ready for him to be two already. It still seems like we just came home with him.
We will be creating large quirky tags in Dyan's quintessential eclectic style.
Family and friends will want you to bring these to every party and family get together!!
Irenaeus played a key role in determining what it meant to be orthodox in doctrine, thus establishing himself as one of the first to contribute to the emergence of catholic Christianity (pp. 77, 79). Irenaeus was also one of the first patristic writers to understand human history as the story of God’s redemption. Irenaeus also blessed the church with the “Rule of Faith.” The Rule is the basic synopsis of the Bible (pp. 90-91), and it helps believers to remember that, above all else, the Bible centers on what God has done in Jesus Christ to bring about salvation to sinful men and women.
It's good to take a step back every now and again and think about what you value most in your life. Sometimes we get so bogged down in our day to day lives that we forget the most important things. The things that make sense and give meaning to our lives.
Technique: Sponging, Reverse Masking
Now, after some months of tepid correction, copper sentiment is down to levels that have usually marked significant lows. The Bloomberg Sentiment which I pointed to previously is not yet down to abysmal levels. Its 4 week moving average has fallen from a spike of 76% to 62% (chart can be seen here). But an aggregate measure of copper sentiment which takes into account several surveys, including the Bloomberg one, from the always sharp mind of Jason Goepfert (of SentimenTrader) is showing an exhaustion of the bullishness that was prevalent back in Febuary:
Have a go: Rovers to win 2-1 is 8/1 with Stan James. If Rovers don’t turn up on Friday then they could be very easily bumped off the top by a confident Shelbourne side. Nod is for the Hoops, just.
Finally, I gave in and used my doppler after I thought I felt a movement. As soon as I ran it across my belly, Jude kicked it. He seems to like doing that every time I use the doppler. It didn't take me long to find his heartbeat. Daniel timed it at 140 bpm. After that, he seemed to wake up a bit more, and then he got the hiccups. :) I love his hiccups.
Answer: first check out www.thehuntingchannelonline.com resource center and use the mapping tools or google earth if you have it. Look at 3d and arial photos of the areas try to distinguish lanscape features that typically hold deer like, benches, water sheds, saddles and edges within these areas look for funnels, inside corners fence lines and anything you think will alter deer movement. mark those areas then locate thme in the filed and inspect for deer sign like: dropping signs of feeding, rubs and scrapes and deer beds. i areas of high potential useage place trail cameras up if you have them if not set up a stand in th eoff season far off the the areas an observe from a distance with binos. try to pattern what th edeer are doing, what type of deer you are getting etc. then pick a stand site accordingly. good luck
I kept a journal all through high school and college, but it wasn't until after I graduated from college that it actually occurred to me to try writing books. I was reading WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP by John Irving, and with the arrogance only an early twenty-something recent college grad can muster, I said, "I could do that!"
A huge obstacle to this technology is the cost. Each billboard costs an estimated £30,000 ($47,000). There also is a less than desirable success rate: The billboards determine gender with a 90% success rate.
Ah. Not sure which part I can give up. I definitely feel I could give up my brother. In any situation he finds a way to make it worse. I try to avoid, him he claims to want to see me (I am beginning to believe he wants to see me so that he can make me miserable) and my mum conspires to spring him on me.
Are you ready for Week 3 of daily challenges? Let's go ...
Once again the increasingly overpowering dominance Touhou worshippers and creepy fujoshi exert over Comiket is the subject of much discussion, thanks to the release of the latest circle numbers for the upcoming C81 – and so pronounced is their dominance that some are now calling for them to be forcibly hived off into their own events.
If you just came through a horrible bout of sickness and you were up for days unable to sleep. People would expect you to go off the grid for a while. To rest. To recover.
Āhuka is Ugrasena, whose “son” was wicked Kaṁsa. Kaṁsa’s true father was a demon who violated Ugrasena’s wife. Thus there was no question of Āhuka being “happy.” Yudhiṣṭhira merely asks if he is still living. Hṛdīka was the grandfather of Kṛṣṇa’s father, Vasudeva. The list of persons headed by Śatrujit are very close associates of Kṛṣṇa who help significantly in administering and protecting the city. Rāma refers to Bālarāma, Kṛṣṇa’s elder brother.
In talking to building owners and managers, I’ve learned many are reluctant to engage tenants on any proactive matter (unless it’s something like fire or other safety issues) for fear of “stirring things up.” Even with Chicago absorption returning to pre-recession levels, I think this is a mistake.
It wants to talk to you about politics.
He who comes to Me will never go hungry,
If you subtract Sundays from April, you then have 26 days--one day for each letter of the alphabet. Using this premise, you would start this Thursday April First with a topic themed on something with the letter A, then Friday the second a topic with the letter B as the theme, and so on until you finish on Friday April thirtieth with the theme based on the letter Z. It doesn't even have to be a word--it can be a proper noun, the letter used as a symbol, or the letter itself. The theme of the day is the letter scheduled for that day.
2) Last night Sweet Pea had to sleep in the guest room with nobody snuggling her to sleep, etc. I know this is not a good thing, but earlier in the day when she didn't beat the timer getting dressed I had told her she would have to sleep in a different room by herself that night so I had to stick with the prescribed punishment. Even though it was something I shouldn't have used as a punishment because it's something I do want her to learn to do ANYway, as a growing kid. I thought she was going to beat the timer. And I couldn't think of a better idea at the moment that I uttered what the punishment would be.
‘Ha hah!’ Petro called out, ‘it’s good to be back!’ And he jumped forward, spinning in the air to land seemingly heavily on his back in the middle of the cumulus. White wisps burst up and out in all directions and the entire surface of the cloud wobbled like jelly. Felicity lost her balance and collapsed onto the cloud next to Petro, and was relieved to see the other young man- David, she presumed- do the same. Once down, the squishy and fluffy feeling all over her body, Felicity couldn’t help but smile; and that smile became a giggle, which became infectious, and in only a few moments all three youths were laughing and giggling as the cloud trembled underneath them. Whenever the laugh died down, Felicity would inevitably be unable to stop another chuckle from escaping her euphoric lungs; this would cause the cloud surface to vibrate a little, which would in turn set off the other two again.
½ grated tonka bean, or seeds from ½ a vanilla pod, or ¼ tsp vanilla essence
James Cameron, who condemns American technology for destroying the planet, sees no irony in the fact that he spent hundreds of millions of dollars on American technology in order to make a 3-hour movie about the evils of American technology. Being as intellectually myopic as he obviously is helps explain why there is not even a glimmer of humor in any of his films.
The kind of Portrait photography I like to do is all about the connection between the sitter, the camera and me. It’s why observational photography – wildlife, sports, documentary, architectural etc, has never really appealed to me: I don’t just want to look at something and record it; I want it to interact with me.
Could there be any difficulty for Mr Wight here? It seems unlikely. Even if he had got the name from Mr Coulson, for example, the particular issue, subject of course to what else might be alleged, is not really relevant to the case. Whilst witnesses swear to tell the truth about all matters, big and small, it would be highly unlikely that perjury case in respect of a side issue like this would be pursued.
Sol vingt de taurus si fortterretrembler.
But today I found myself giggling at random (which has been VERY rare this winter) and thought I'd share one of the sources of the giggles....
What a wild ride. Seriously. This has been a year. Looking back - Oh My Goodness. What an unbelievably wild ride.
I applaud Angie Sage for the wonderful, magical world she has populated with quirky, lovable characters. Even thought the books are written for a 9 to 14 year old audience they held the interest of this 60 year old. I enjoyed the writing, the suspense, the humor, the setting and, most of all, the characters.
reflectively thinking of wrongs I may
“I wonder how quickly I could smash the window to throw myself out?”
I’ve been struggling more than usual with this plan that I have to be a writer. It got far worse when I started on a book a few weeks ago.
Picture 3: river coming out of mountain. The river starts on the other side; it was diverted by tunneling through the mountain and channeling the river through it. It runs down to a small lake in Spanish Valley.
We are to do Jesus' work on earth. To show the world the wonder of his presence through love and grace, not through condemnation and judgment. That is how most non-believers see the church. Jesus didn't hang out with religious people. He was friends with the broken and needy - the unloveables. That's who we are called to love, not ourselves. A former pastor always said he wanted a t-shirt that said "Jesus-A Friend of Sinners."
Make them dream?
Between the valley sides the air feels cold, but way up above my head the sun’s rays are beautifully gilding the foliage of the yew trees on the higher ground. And, despite it still technically being winter, there is a surprising amount of colour to be seen: the green shades of yew, and of the bluebell foliage just emerging beneath the beech trees; the creaminess of birch bark and the chalk; the pale yellows of last year’s grasses; the gold catkins of Hazel, like rain caught by a slow shuttered camera; the bright crimson stems of Dogwood (so named because the slender stems were used for making ‘dags’ or skewers); the wonderfully vivid orange of Xanthoria lichen on the Ash and Beech stems.
The ACLU’s press release notes that “The Ten Commandments are posted on a main hallway at the high school, near the trophy case and on the way to the cafeteria, where it is seen by students every day.”
-Punk rocking the jeans too.
Hello everyone and a warm welcome to the Penny Black Saturday Challenge.
SJR-8206 involves the "rainy day fund", which is money put aside from the budget for times when the economy craters (like, um, now). This measure makes it possible to jack up the amount deposited in boom years ("extraordinary revenue growth"), and provides rules about taking it out ("Budgetary emergency", State employment growth below 1 percent, or we get too much money in the account). It's all not bad, but it really is a bandaid. Washington State relies on its sales tax, so in good times we boom and in bad times we have to make those hard budgetary decisions that result in bad roads and crappy schools. What we SHOULD be voting on is a more stable form of revenue, some sort of TAX on the INCOME, perhaps,and ditching the state sales tax entirely. Still, I'm going with YES on this one.
I admit it, I’m not the best at being on time for things. Sometimes I think time conspires against me. I swear there have been times when victory is at hand and then out of nowhere the clock skips ahead like 10 minutes. I’ve never been what you would call “punctual.” I’ve managed to squeak by with close enough more times than I can count, especially when it’s a work appointment, meeting, or even (gasp!) speaking engagement. Yes, when I am the speaker.
- Well designed Trails
In summary, as a medium for "engagement" Facebook doesn't seem to be very engaging, and for paid advertising its effectiveness is mostly a rumor. So how in the world can it be worth $100 billion?
It is really scary how quickly time has gone....and yes it has been about seven months since I have actually done any crafting....don't know how I managed that lol.....
Real food: When my creativity is running low, I often reach for the obvious - real food. One of my easiest go-to snacks is to boil a bunch of frozen peas and throw them at them. (Not literally, of course, although the other day they found flinging raw peas to be jolly good fun.) I love that they will still eat plain peas like candy. I will also give them plain green beans (from frozen) or sometimes vegetable pasta. These 'snacks' often turn into lunch, which is fine by me, but if I can't give them fruit or if they've had a sufficient amount for the day, I turn to vegetables.
One bearded man with fierce eyes stared at us, his face dark with fury.
We grilled hot dogs, ate watermelon and lots of other yummy food. Then we watched a "girly" movie, Enchanted, as we chatted. It was more like, we chatted while the movie played softly in the background. The little girls ran around the house, played with toys, they even had a "pillow" fight (what's a girls night with out a pillow fight?) Then at the end of the movie we got out nail polish and we painted the girls' finger and toe nails and then did our own.
Oh my beautiful target hey
So having my blood pressure be in the normal range for two weeks in a row is just fabulous. Regardless of smaller clothes, less weight to carry around, etc. just having this change in my blood pressure makes the program worthwhile. I’m ecstatic!
Stella
Before a land is opened up to Islam the inhabitants must be invited to Islam. Without this call the fight is not allowed. This call may take a variety of forms: direct invitation, conferences, via the media and so on and so forth. The Prophet (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) for example sent letters to the leaders, like the following letter sent to Heraclius of Rome:
4- When placing the batter inside the mold make sure you add half of it so it doen't go out of it.
On a day when I was feeling particularly stir-crazy,
“A former comanchero. She met him one night in Nuevo Laredo at a party. Not long after that, he made advances toward her. He became obsessed with being with her. I faced him down inside her house the first night I arrived and sent him away. It was a nasty ordeal. She still hasn’t fully recovered. Hell, you’ve been around her. It’s no wonder she’s been so irritable since we left Laredo. She’s been hiding her fear that he’d follow her here. Now that I look back, I’m sure that’s why she secluded herself in her room once we checked into the hotel. Only recently has she felt safe enough to start leading a normal life again.”
‘They began to climb. As the track wound and the hedges bowed beneath the weight of snow, Bonnie caught glimpses of Highholly House below the brow of the hill, with a light in a window that beckoned to her like an advent star. Her legs began to ache. She pulled them out of the deep snow, one after another. There was a wonderful stillness everywhere. They both climbed quietly. The only sound was the crunch of their feet.
Finally it is Saturday again! and Saturday means a new sketch and a new challenge at the Waltzing Mouse Stamps Sketch challenge. Fortunately it's not Easter yet, but with Valentine's day over and with this great sketch from Jen Cuthbertson I just couldn't help make a little Easter gift.
The 3-hour fasting glucose test involves not eating for 12 hours, then having blood drawn. That's the first fasting score. Then you drink a very sugary liquid that has a specific amount of glucose in it. Blood is drawn three more times at one hour intervals to see how your body is metabolizing sugar. In order to be diagnosed with gestational diabetes you need to test high on two of the four blood draws. I failed the 1-hour and although I didn't quite fail the 2-hour it was close enough.
In Trinidad and Tobago our Trafficking In Persons Act, No. 14 of 2011 calls for TT$500,000.00 fines and or prison time of 20 years for trafficking a child.
The law of doubt and unbelief
Ranch del Zocalo
Even in the opening moments there's a hint of creepiness: his imagined conversation with a lonely teenager has a sweaty touch of predatoriness. The full horror doesn't really begin to dawn until he reads an extract from his first book, a scifi piece, he explains, about aliens and space ships. It's floridly pornographic, and Mr Living, all eagerness to please, is staggeringly unaware of its inappropriate nature.
All black Shirts to me is not all political, but its title indicates singer Mathias Björkas dour outlook. He’s often been compared to Morrissey, and he still has a delivery that recalls the Moz, but he also has a melancholy that brings to mind Terry Hall and some of the spite in his voice that reminds me of the Auteurs‘ Luke Haines. He certainly knows his way around a melody like those fellows. Songs like It’s Clear Your Former Lover, A Different Light and first single A Few Empty Waves are seemingly delicate things, but show their strength on repeated listening.
On a website a few years ago I found an entry about Muffin Tin Monday... On Monday you serve up finger food in a muffin tin. Occassionally I will serve lunch this way and it is always a hit with the boys. Just the other day Ehric was asking when the next Muffin Tin Monday would be. I have found that when I serve food in bite size pieces that they can pick up that the boys eat a lot more.
Alex and I arrived back in the States on the 13th and we could not have been more excited to be back with our, very missed, friends and family. We left our home away from home with the sense of accomplishment and a complete mission. We already miss our students and wish we could hop back on a plane and give them all one more hug, but we know that the Lord is with them and that He has prepared them to continue the work He has started. We are so proud of them! Every day there was a privilege and we are so grateful to the Lord for letting us be apart of his mission to love on the people of Kazakhstan.
the first time that I saw you
The team from Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, US, wanted to investigate the surface temperature of sensitive structures.
Ghost Hunter 1: Did you hear that? It sounded like the bellow of a haunted soul
Wildfires are a big part of summer in Alaska, with years when more than a million acres burn. As a result fighting them is a full-time, if seasonal, job for a number of people.
So then, what do you have for me? I know there are some permies out there with a ton of info. Don't hold back, no idea is out of bounds.
In the same winter with snow and severe frosts which continued until about April Alan and I would go sliding on the pond near the ‘mountain’. Into the spring it was beginning to thaw but it was not going to deprive us of our fun on the slide. We foolishly used to jump over the water round the edge to get onto the remaining ice. It would bend and crack beneath our weight but we thought it was funny. We were most fortunate we did not have an accident. One Saturday evening I went round for Alan but he wasn’t allowed out, I think it was bath time so I was able to borrow his bike and I cycled off towards Starston where I picked a large bunch of cowslips and took some back to his Mum.
The girls had been drinking from a bottle of alcohol in Singh's car and after they arrived at Singh's house, Singh had consensual sex with the 14-year-old girl.
The abundant life Jesus came to give us is much more than I had thought. I receive it as I draw closer to Him. I experience more of that life when I make Him and His work my top priority instead of continuing to try to manage life and circumstance my own way.
Anyways..... The 4 five and under, myself, my dear friend, and two of her kids were sitting outside, enjoying the warmth and a little bit of free time before it was time to start lunch. The kids weren't getting along so well, though, so after becoming weary of the continuous fighting and whining, I told the 5-year-old boy and Twin B that they needed to go inside and stay there for a while until they could get along. They went inside and I turned back to my friend to continue our conversation. Soon, however, I could hear them starting to argue again, then I heard the slamming of the wrought iron screen door, then a shriek, then saw my friend look over my shoulder, eyes wide, and heard her say, "Oh, no."
First I stamped this lovely turtle and masked him. Then I stamped the grass and sponged the ground and background. I used markers to color the turtle. The dragonfly is hand drawn. I practiced a lot on scrap paper before I dared to draw it freehand.
un beso grande, C~
Parents aren’t even required to parallel park before making and having little people in their lives to raise properly. Some parents don’t know what proper raising of children is but it’s not because they are bad people. I believe it’s because they can’t know what they don’t know.
Ha ha ha---you were cheering because you thought it was me going
Check the new list out!
Aye yi yi. They so don't fulfill my needs in this area.
“Clearly you were at the Clark’s sample sale while I was at London Fashion Week,” I balked, casting a judgemental glance at her new ‘walking’ sandals. Bad move. Very bad move.
I went crazy with the stapler, M decided on all the positioning and then she went all out with a glitter pen. Doesn't she look sweet? There was so many gorgeous creations and the kids were having a great time. I was glad to be there, glad to have some flexibility with work. It's so hard being a mum who works. These moments in time are so precious but it can be a fight to make them happen.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Whisk together flour, baking powder, thyme and salt in a bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry cutter or rub in with your fingers until small clumps form. Add cream or buttermilk, stirring with a fork to combine until dough forms. (Dough will be slightly sticky.) I think I will try buttermilk next time - I used cream and the biscuits weren't as fluffy as I like, but they were delicious.
Stripe Tank $19.99 from Gap Outlet
Two important decisions were then made. JJ and GG allowed the Prof to change his call sign to ‘Lone Wolf’ and also that ‘Lone Wolf’ would take the lead from here on in. A relatively relaxing and uneventful jaunt into Beechworth saw us head in convoy down Ford Street and around into the back carpark of Bridge Road Brewers at – you won’t believe this – exactly 1.15pm as per the itinerary. Things could really only go pear-shaped from this point.
While the nation freezes - both literally and financially - the Fianna Fail TDs heading into battle can look forward to a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow if their battle fails.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, sugar and vanilla together until combined and smooth. Whisk in the melted chocolate and butter until very smooth. Stir in the flour and then the chopped nuts, fold and mixing until well blended and smooth.
This article does not suggest that our post office branch will be closed. But with our branch having been up for sale for a year or more, and knowing that the USPS is looking at closing maybe thousands of locations, it is fair to ask whether our branch could be one of them. Our mail carrier, who works out of that branch, indicated that there seems to be a concern at that branch that if it can’t be sold, the building will be closed. Revenues apparently might not justify keeping it open, or so goes the thinking.
I will surround this final resting place with lovely flowers. How about these:
Hmm, wonder what I should shoot for next?
She flirts
I had the most amazing experience last week as we watched our last $1270 come into our grant. We were contacted by an anonymous donor, who wanted to help push us to our goal. They offered us a $500 matching grant and within hours it was met. Mid-Friday morning we were funded. It was so much fun to watch and be a part of that the anonymous donors contacted me, again, and said, "Who's next?"
It is here that his over-riding instincts as a leftist become apparent: words such as ‘honouring’ and ‘equal status’ sound remarkably similar to asinine platitudes such as ‘celebrating’ and ‘equality’ in their sterility of meaning. They also offer no realistic suggestions. He continues on the EDL by stating that
In 2012 in Glasgow as in 2007: a big two-beast dustup for the city. But there are interesting nuances of geography in the city worth dwelling over. I've pulled out the party preferences recorded in each of the 21 council wards depicted above, showing troughs, pinnacles and plunges as levels of party support veers from neighbourhood to neighbourhood, like the vaulting cardiogram reading of a heart patient after ten espressos.
This is just a pick up joint for some fags, dear!
“The decisions he made he has to pay for,” Running Rabbit told Smith’s clemency hearing. “He had no mercy for my father – a person I have never met.”
First, this is a parody of the Genesis account: Solomon is exercising dominion over the post-Fall world. But his best efforts are futile attempts to approximate the original creation. He must try to force the creation to look like the world which once was. But in so doing, he will only create oppression and injustice (Eccl. 3:16).
A lot has happened since I last wrote here. Lukas Verzbicas dominated Footlocker on his way to becoming the first ever sophomore champion. Megen Goethals edged Chelsey Sveinsson in a great race to the finish. The week before, at NXN, Craig Lutz out sprinted Joe Rosa and Elias Geydon for the boys title. Texas showed up big as Boerne and The Woodlands were 1st and 3rd on the boys side. Catherine Flood took the girls title while Fayetville Manlius ran away with the team title. The final honors of the season, Gatorade XC runner of the year, went to Verzbicas and Goethals. Nice start for Illinois as they have 2 of the first 3 boys winners in Chris Derrick and Lukas.
I doubled the recipe and took some to a family get together and while it wasn’t a hit (quinoa seems to be happy in more of a supporting role than the star of the show) - my family isn’t exactly as health conscious as I’d like them to be - but I do applaud the fact that so many of them tried at least a little bit! There was just too many yummy bad-for-you foods there to compete: the quinoa didn’t stand a chance.
‘It’s this kind of relationship that sets ShelterBox apart,’ says SRT volunteer Yi Shun Lai (US). ‘Miguel, Ruth Mary, and Porfilio have become a critical part of our grassroots network, and we’re deeply grateful that ShelterBox’s methods of operations allow us to seek out and find such important community members, whether they be official employees of the community or not.’
Cape Verde's most famous resident is the singer Cesaria Evora, who has made her living crooning about her country and its beauty. Her deep, smooth voice and romantic songs - called mornas - vaulted her to international stardom, and she tours throughout the world.
Nerd Lacquer is the creation of an artistic genius by the name of Amanda Collier. This girl is a glitter goddess. For reals. Her polishes are a perfect balance between chunky glitters and jellies. I have yet to meet a NL I haven't loved :)
And please, no jokes like I’ve heard from my son’s friends about ‘smoking fish’ as they stand there imitating a guy smoking a cigarette but pretend it‘s a fish!
Lately, the crafty-let’s-make-things bug took a big bite out of me, so I’ve started taking on projects. Projects with things that have steps. And have to dry and set and…
Most of those who today proclaim Christianity aren’t actually interested in being a Christian. They want morality, a better life, respect. They want to be thought of as good men but still have it understood that they are weak and they can make mistakes.
Together "six bardos" form a classification of states of consciousness into six broad types:
Anyways, do forgive me for not perfecting the recipe first before posting it. I will definitely tweak it to get more of that lava flowing out of the cake. If you've never tried a lava cake then you have to make this recipe. I can't promise you won't get addicted though!
I only added a little bit of patterned paper from Follow Your Heart Be Happy 6x6 Designer Paper Pad by My Mind's Eye since I wanted Rosie to be the star of the show. =) The sentiment is also part of the collection.
Freddie hated the establishment too,
The Legendary Pink Dots were once briefly championed by comrades Stubbs and Oldfield, as "pretentious psychedelia" (a compliment) and "baroque and outlandish... the first whale among 1987' pop minnows". That was about as close as The Legendary Pink Dots got to being known over here, and they dipped back into obscurity. (In Europe, they're a cult band, and have spent most of the decade in exile in Amsterdam.)
I am "fair skinned". This is actually code for "Freakishly Translucent". I've tried not wearing nylons. You know what the result of that experiment was? I'm not going to tell you. It was too frightening. Let's just say it involved people screaming, running, throwing garlic, holy water & crosses at my feet.
Tell me, what do you like to look for at the flea markets, antique stores, auctions and thrift shops. Have you found some wonderful treasures like me? Do tell, I am all ears and would love to hear all about them.
Oh god, I really hate Cate Blanchetts dress. Absolutely hideous. Maybe interesting, but definitely ugly. You'll see this in my red carpet update for sure.
The word that really got to me was 青春「せいしゅん」 (청춘 in Korean), which means youth or (rather floridly) “the bloom of youth.” It made me sit back and reexamine my life. In high school, my dream was to become a published writer before I graduated college. That was the big thing I desperately wanted to have accomplished while I was still in my 青春.
Remove add dash of white wine
i used that window as an inspiration picture for a dining room design plan i recently completed.
If one does not have access to such resources or a dedicated relationship manager, annual reports, prospectuses and news on companies can also give a good idea about the underlying stocks that one plans to invest in for investments such as unit trusts.
I had always been interested in knights and heraldry ever since seeing the movie The Black Shield of Falworth starring Tony Curtis! The scene in the Library where he finds the ‘great book of heraldry’, caught my imagination. I spent many hours as a child sat in the reference section of the local library, absorbing as many pictures of shields as I could find. However that chance meeting outside Her Majesty’s College of Arms on that warm August day set into motion a series of events that would see me go to art school and become a fully trained and professional heraldic artist.
John, Lucy and I loved the Butterbeer. Maggie and Jack, not so much. Max was being a grumpy teenager at this point and refused to try it (This grumpiness continued pretty much the rest of the day. I don’t recommend traveling with teenagers.). Butterbeer tastes a little like cream soda, but better. The foamy part is the best part!
1 dirt
I was right about being both heartbroken and relieved when he died. I was wrong about being some version of my old self quickly after his death. I wasn’t even sure what my old self was when he died.
Blondie was stressing hard core, so I sent her to Austin armed with a grandmother and a budget, it had to be less than what I had spent on the other dress. They hit a JC Penny’s that only a week before had been loaded down with prom dresses, and of course, there was nothing left. They ventured to Lakeline Mall, and let me just tell you, I can barely imagine my mother in a mall, but I guess a grandkid is always worth breaking the rules for! Unbelievably they found a gorgeous red dress, (it had to be red) and the most amazing part? It was seriously marked down. It was unbelievably marked down. In fact, I didn’t even have to repay my mom as promised. Guess what the price tag was? $32. No, I’m not kidding! Not only did Grandmommy save the day, find the dress, GO SHOPPING, but also, it didn’t break the bank! Now let’s just hope the online dress can be refunded! That would be the icing on the cake for sure!
There is a difference though between face-to-face counseling and phone or Skype work. “Services are a bit different over Skype. I think the biggest challenge is the client’s quality of equipment (mike, camera, computer, and internet connection stability/speed) and the occasional unavoidable technical glitches. Therefore, that is something you usually do not have to deal with in an office setting. I always give my clients my phone number and keep my phone next to my computer when doing a session. If the connection fails, the phone is a good backup.” Buck relates.
mantra, personal, ineffectiveness of 8
- Smart Gun: Range 24”, S5, AP4, Assault 4, Rending
SW-102 Happily Ever After - single-sided with foil accents
Matthew 24:21 For then there will be great tribulation, such as has not been since the beginning of the world until this time, no, nor ever shall be.
She said the island was drowning
Let me go into this a little deeper. Why was Ricki written off by fans? She had a 1 in 3 shot at the title… but only got 8% of the votes on our poll. This seemed to be the gerneal opinion… that Ricki was absolutley not in the running to win last night. Interesting. So much so, that the producers revealed the ‘third place finisher’ early on in the show… because there was no real drama, somehow we knew it would be Ricki. Was it her performance on monday night’s show, or was this building? I can’t put my finger on it, but at one point Ricki Lake was a front runner, and touted as the potential winner… she’s probably asking the same thing today, what happened?!
As I have written in the past, the value of traveling in hostels cannot be overstated. For the last eight weeks I have been holidaying, consulting, and on tour in Europe (Portugal, Spain, Germany, Denmark, the Netherlands, and soon others), and staying in a variety of living arrangements, but the most dynamic has been through youth hostels. In some countries there is some vitality on the ground, but the employment data remains bad because work is often undocumented (Spain), and in others, there is a tremendous amount of construction and infrastructure development happening, but the work contract and full-time, formerly “stable” jobs are disappearing in droves (Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands). In hostels, this is a topic of interest for most people nearing the end of their studies and older, and a lot of information is passed along.
Last year when I got a Google phone, I was shocked to find that I could see *all* the photos from this blog on my phone and I had the option of putting them up on facebook or sending them to myself through email, or what have you. Last week, I sent another desperate plea for support out into the ether and got no response. Said what a great irony it was that I could access these photos on my phone, proof that I was still the owner of the blog, and yet there was no one to talk to in order to verify this, no way to get back in.
next up on what i did over the weekend... smoked duck crepe rolls!
"Uh, yeah, I guess so," I said. To be truthful, I was thinking more about this when I was expecting Oliver; though I was not nearly as far along, I was much more reflective, just at the point of realizing the pregnancy was real. So I began to dream and wonder, and thought about our own little advent of a little one. Okay, or more realistically: I had time to think back then. About anything. My rare moments of quiet now are spent dreaming about what time of day I will get to indulge in my one cup of coffee and where it's coming from, or meditating on what I can make for dinner with what I have left in the pantry because I still haven't grocery shopped for the week.
I’m sure all of you are sick of seeing the same scene almost a bajillion times (just 5 times actually). So get out there and try out some HDR! Be aware though, HDR is not meant for every single situation… (As Kai demonstrates with his HDR model shoot.)
I'm entering this card in to the following challenges:
Is employee ownership a panacea? No. Does it guarantee a company will thrive? No of course not. But the evidence and success stories cannot be ignored, and we have to tap this well if we are serious about growth. The 1980s was the decade of share ownership. I want this to be the decade of employee share ownership.
People in Thailand who have listened to the speech say they have never heard anything like it.
I am now writing for Inside Pulse Movies doing reviews, so I will post the meat of my DVD/BD reviews that will eventually go live there, here on my blog to keep everything together. Please be sure to check out the website I am writing for because I am very excited about it. I have 4 movies from them to review already, and Score is the first one I have submitted. The full DVD review will go live there in a few days. Thanks!
We have never actually paid to enter their museum but have spent tons
No more were left.
Apologies for the bad quality of the photograph, but my iPod camera is awful. As the title suggests, over the last few weeks I’ve been quilting against the clock. My nephew is due to be born in just over two weeks and this partly made quilt will be for him (or her if the scan was wrong).
decibels joining with silence and praise
What do you think about advertising on book blogs? What are the potential problems? Do you think the increasing amount of ads on book blogs is a positive or negative?
Yet realism is not a goal that games should really be striving for. Leave that to the CAD programs and the satellite maps. Instead games should explore the aspects of Manhattan that make less sense, like its dreams, or the models of the city that represent it not as it is, but as we are able to explore it, thanks to the mutational potentials of digital simulation. Examine those aspects of the city and perhaps the issue becomes less about New York as a fabulous piece of set design, and more about New York as a vital raw material for the business of fantasy.
In the case now before us, the jurisdictional objection becomes even less tenable and decisive. The reason is that, even if we were to assume that the issue presented before us was political in nature, we would still not be precluded from revolving it under the expanded jurisdiction conferred upon us that now covers, in proper cases, even the political question. Article VII, Section 1, of the Constitution clearly provides: . . .
In recent months, Secretary Enrique Ona of the Department of Health has announced to media its intention to include Rotavirus Vaccination as part of the Expanded Program for Immunization (EPI) in 2012. This is aligned to P-Noy Administration’s direction and goal of Universal Health Care and moves the Philippines forward to achieving Millennium Development Goal (Reduce Child mortality) by 2015.
Yes we are busy, but we can still have fun. And we can still express our individuality. That is why they started See Jane Work. They know you don't have time to search every website that comes up on Google looking for a notebook that says a little more about you than, "I got a coupon in the mail from Office Mart." You want something that says, "I am unique. I have style. I will not wear sweatpants to a meeting with a client ever again, no matter how late I am running."
In 1989, while attempting to extract precious minerals from his property, a wealthy Arizonan obtained a mysterious white material that initially defied scientific attempts to identify it. After several years of testing, this substance was revealed to consist of gold and platinum–but in a form unknown to modern science. Further research showed that this powder, which had also been discovered to possess marvelous healing powers, contained monatomic forms of precious metals whose electron units had been altered to no longer display the physical, chemical, or electrical properties of the original elements. This substance, Robert Cox shows, bears eerie resemblance to the ultimate quest of the alchemists: the elixir of immortality.
My brain isn't sure what is going on.
-They absolutely never take your side.
Here it is Monday again. And I'm so in the mood for some plumes and feathers today! And I love a huge show stopper to wear! But I don't think my job could handle me showing up in these! Back in the day of doing drag regularly, I had many items with feathers and plumes, gowns, shoes, fans, chapeaus, and head pieces. They just make a huge statement ,no? They also put me in a good mood, whether I'm wearing them, being tickled, or using them to instigate some pillow talk! The weekend was very laid back, with cock-a-tails with the Lad, and I had a date with a new suitor, who I met from a co-worker. Kai, who is half Japanese, showed the Mistress a nice time, but more on the squire later. Rest assure though, I didn't wear any plumes.....or feathers.
Those seamen were becoming desperate on that boat. Some may have come to the very point of death and at such a time, one’s life passes before him. They could see their past sin, wickedness and evil behaviour. When facing eternity they could see the futility of their pagan religion, the impotence of their false gods.
I have so many other questions and concerns but they involve spoilers, so I’ll refrain. All in all, I give this movie a thumbs up – 8/10! It’s enjoyable whether you’ve read the books or not. However, I’m sure the movie is a million times better if you have read the book.
Daughter: ok mommy
Then there are the restaurants. Aside from the well known chains such as Apple Bees, FGI Friday’s, Friendly’s, and Outback Steakhouse, our beach towns have a wealth of places to eat that will tantalize your taste buds. Places like Big Fish, Summer House, The Buttery, Stingray, and Victoria’s just to name a few.
I was addicted within seconds. Reading only one page of a book is so easy – time-wise – and the standard of writing is very good indeed. You don’t find out the title or author until you’ve completed your rating, or whether the book is published or unpublished. It’s fun – have a go.
- They tried to brainwash me/brainwash me. They tried to brainwash me like before, - she went hysterically, attracting people out of their houses with her shrieks of insanity. I assume she were having some sort of LSD flashback to when her elderly child sacrificing witchy foster parents took her ‘over the rainbow’ .
Let’s start with the aspect of the presentation that I totally disagreed with first, so we can move onto the happier bit! The presenter was saying that as humans we must not kill other humans because we are valuable. However we can kill animals freely because they are not as valuable. That’s why we can, and do kill them easily and without consequence.
No, that question mark is not a typing error. It’s a self-imposed question as a reaction to this article claiming that “consumers now pay more attention to online reviews than word of mouth”. The claim seems to come from one survey question in particular, in which 31% of respondents state they read online reviews before making a purchase compared to 23% whom consult friends and family.
Most importantly, these companies employ people and bring good paying jobs to the State of Michigan. No matter our size, we plan to lead and innovate.
food fashion and the culinary arts
Muhammad, who is competing for a spot on the U.S. Olympic team, said she believes a person’s faith or race does not dictate her future.
Happy March Everyone!!!
I wonder if I stand here long enough,
at least for now.
After saving a couple of countries from evil with the help of Kim Possible (before she gives way to Agent P), we made our way to the UK for dinner at the Rose and Crown.
I finished the top of my Close to My Heart FabShopHop.com sampler. They told us to be creative, so I didn't follow the pattern 100%.
The result of my Paint by Numbers experiment. Colour recalibration was required. As was a heightened determination to stay between the lines. I like this for several reasons. Not the least of them being that wolves epitomise the new age like no other animal, except maybe the dolphin. Yeah, the dolphin wins hands down, but wolves, well, they come a close second. New age wolf worship can be kind of strange. I've been to pagan festivals where people howl at the moon in an effort to tap into their inner wolf. Actually, it's not really that strange is it? People do far madder things every day.
Health coaches can come from all walks of life. Most are nurses, some are dietitians, licensed clinical social workers, and some are even pharmacists. Their role is to work with individuals to educate, provide resources, set goals and answer questions that relate to improving their health or avoiding a chronic health condition.
APU offers affordability with tuition that is among the lowest in the country for accredited online universities. This means quality, accredited degree programs at an affordable price. Also, APU’s simplified tuition and fee structure makes it easy for students to estimate and cover expenses, for example: an would pay $750 for a 3 credit course, and a graduate pays $900 for a 3 credit course. Here's something else I really like about APU: Their transfer credit program enables students to maximize previous learning and minimize the time and financial investment required to complete their studies.
THE RESTRICTIONS ARE:
Thanks for the load of wonderful entries last week... keep them coming as we love to look at them.
Of course, part of the area that I want to place the patio, has a pile of rocks on it. I was saving them to finish a ditch project. This weekend my ambition surged and I leaped into action. Tropical storm Hermine blew out my berm in a couple of places, so I needed to make some repairs and alterations. I created an overflow area in the low spot so the water exits in an orderly manner instead of over the top of the berm. I’ve dug a secondary ditch to dissipate the flow into the neighbor’s wide expanse of a lawn. The area along the back fence has been lined with that rock to slow things down and direct the overflow over another large lawn area.
“Why not?”
One Direction are performing a song. And that song is “What Makes You Beautiful.”
There are many traditional hymns whose imagery is rooted in the concept of the “holy war.” No matter that some of these are favorite songs or that this imagery is based upon Scripture. Today, for some thoughtful Christians, this imagery has become inappropriate. Many who have experienced the trauma of Vietnam and of the religious wars in Ireland and the Near East find it difficult to sing about the church’s mission in these terms. “Sound the Battle Cry,” “The Son of God Goes Forth to War,” “Onward, Christian Soldiers,” “Am I a Soldier of the Cross?” “Soldiers of Christ, Arise,” “Stand Up, for Jesus, Ye Soldiers of the Cross,” and other similar expressions are incompatible in today’s world with the sharing of the good news about the love of God as seen in Jesus Christ. The fact that many of us in the church do not connect such songs with the reality reported in the daily newspaper strongly points up the issue. Though we may simply enjoy the tunes and the vigorous cadence and ignore the words,
Anywhoo, no more downer news! There is so much happening out in the garden already! Before I get to the picks, though, I'll give you some seed starting news. The green peppers I started about a month ago are doing beautifully! The little "gardens" that the kids started are doing very well, too, so we transplanted them into planters Saturday afternoon. They still need to come in to keep them safe from frost (and chickens, which we learned Sunday afternoon.) I finally was able to get my herbs and some flowers started Saturday afternoon, as well.
It was only when I came to think about what were the loveliest picture books of the year that I realised they were all published by Macmillan. So stand up and take a bow, editors and art directors at Macmillan, alongside your hugely talented writers and artists, you have produced three of my favourite picture books of this year.
Maybe you're not too busy to make cheesecake. I promise you can have this cheesecake in the oven in less than five minutes. You don't even need to wait for the preheat.
So, on Saturday my hubby left for a week long work trip to Canada. When I can't count on his arrival at 6:30pm to step in and entertain the LM and add some additional conversation to our motley crew, it makes for a VERY long day. When you throw in a weekend, it makes for a VERY VERY long week. When you day starts at 5am and ends at 8:30pm and the only people you talk to all day are your own kids... well you get the drift.
So what did I do? I left.
with local Mali organizations;
First Year Engineering Design
But some of the essays...well. Did I really need to read about so many cosmetics company founders? All that BS about how cosmetics make people feel pretty is hard to swallow. I don't look up to a woman who introduced Chinese women to make up. Not at all. I skipped some of those cosmetics essays, and I'm not sure Suzanne Somers should be held up as a role model.
(7 3/4" foot circumference, stretches up to 10")
captain chaos is #1 son and married to Stretch aka The Girl
F21 Blouse and Necklace
Boy this one is slow going.
Unlike people in many other countries, in the United States, it’s easy to take a long life for granted. In 2012, Americans live an average of 78.4 years, whereas in Chad, people live an average of 48.6 years, according to the Central Intelligence Agency.
Happy Blogging
and a girl with chestnut hair,
The Gardaí don’t seem to understand that. The Commission guaranteed that when victims of rape come forward they’ll be treated with compassion and sensitivity. Yet that has to take place in a culture of compassion and sensitivity. The guards should be considering all those who are already too afraid or too ashamed to come forward because of the culture we’ve built around rape. Because they feel they won’t be believed, or the process of reporting will be too traumatic, or their experience will be acknowledged but minimised.
:: Church Membership :: We officially became members of our church, Grace Presbyterian in Yorba Linda. It has taken us a few years to find a church that we really feel comfortable with and that also shares the same doctrinal values. We are very blessed to say the least.
Another musical number but this is weird. It's A. R. Rahman but it's still weird.
Jesus said: “But I tell you who hear me: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, 28bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you. 29If someone strikes you on one cheek, turn to him the other also. If someone takes your cloak, do not stop him from taking your tunic. 30Give to everyone who asks you, and if anyone takes what belongs to you, do not demand it back.”
Actually, I think my very first though was - "The bastards!"
The baking process is a tiny bit more complicated than for regular loaf bread: it requires a pizza stone (finally giving this under-used wedding gift a job!) and a broiler rack with water (? I don’t know what this is, but I filled a cookie sheet with hot water and that seemed to work.) The book gives clear step-by-step instructions–including frequent reminders NOT TO WORRY, which I appreciate–and I was pleasantly surprised by how much it rose in the oven. The steam from the broiler rack (or cookie tray) creates a great crisp crust, too.
Dr. Iris Delgado is the founder and president of Crowned With Purpose Ministries. With a doctoral degree in theology and counseling, she has traveled the globe ministering with her husband, Dr. John Delgado. She is the author of Satan You Can’t Have My Children, Women of Impact in Times of Crisis and Authority to Destroy the Works of the Enemy.
Anyway, let me know. You know where to find me: with the real Americans, watching baseball.
8. Once convicted, black offenders receive longer sentences compared to white offenders. The U.S. Sentencing Commission stated that in the federal system black offenders receive sentences that are 10 percent longer than white offenders for the same crimes. The Sentencing Project reports that African Americans are 21 percent more likely to receive mandatory-minimum sentences than white defendants and are 20 percent more like to be sentenced to prison.
“And don’t worry,” Mike continued with a smile. “If you go to Hell I’ll go there with you.”
Bread From Heaven: And yes, baptismo means immerse. So, immersion is certainly a fuller sign of dying to self and rising to new life. But, if baptism initiates us into Christ and is necessary for salvation (Jn 3) then what of conversions on a sick/death-bed? What of infants close to death? Haul them miles and miles away to a body of water deep enough to fully immerse? They might die on the journey. For many reasons the Church compassionately and for practical reasons decided that a valid baptism could be accomplished without full immersion. A lake or river with moving, (living water) is preferred but at least the pouring of water on the head was required three times, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
9And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;
We painted accent walls, added a chair rail in the dinning area, a new chandelier
These aren't in a particular order- but all are my favorites.
The Tea Party insurgency will not only cost Democrats dozens of seats in Congress, and likely their majority — it will define the coming GOP presidential nominating process, determine the direction of the GOP for years to come and threaten any remaining plans Obama has for sweeping reforms of education, energy policy or our immigration system. Last March, Republicans joined Democrats in calling on Sen. Jim Bunning (R-Ky.) to end his filibuster against the extension of unemployment benefits paid for by deficit spending, embarrassed he was blocking aid to the jobless. But it took just three months for the grassroots pressure to reach the Capitol — Bunning was a Tea Party hero. By the time the $30 billion expired on June 2, Senate Republicans had united behind a nearly two-month filibuster of the next round of $34 billion in “emergency spending” for unemployment insurance. They were joined by Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.), and some House Democrats warned their own leaders at the time that the days of votes on “emergency spending” would soon have to come to an end. …The Tea Party candidates themselves — like O’Donnell, whom Karl Rove called “nutty,” — matter little. Only a few will actually get elected this fall. Yet the Tea Party has won without them. There are no tea leaves left to read. Democrats have been spooked and Republicans threatened, cajoled or cleansed. The results are already in.
Happy Trails
Beckley – Alderson – Lewisburg – Former WWII detention camps that are now converted into active federal prison complexes capable of holding several times their current populations. Alderson is presently a women’s federal reformatory.
Which an overly polite way of saying 'They fucked up completely! They wasted hundreds of millions of pounds! What tossers!'
6. The Ray Charles Singers - Desafinado (Slightly Out of Tune)
So enjoy the coffee, and know you’re now part of a story with a happy ending. And please put the word around – the coffee’s great but the story is even better. http://www.brighthopeworld.com/
“Jackass, they’re in the new clubhouse, remember?” said Dee.
And in our mood of discontent
Martin booked the tickets for him and his girls to visit mid-June. We are attending a family party in Vegas over the weekend of their visit where they will meet my entire extended family and Martin will see my mom and sisters for the first time since the big brouhaha.
Grand Rapids, Mi: Zondrvan, c2006
her breast milk
The geography strikes me – Jesus had to walk just a few miles to be in a very harsh desert. And I thought to myself how this is sometimes true in our lives – one moment things seem fine, and then all of a sudden we’re in a crisis. For the Badras and the Gibes (DQW’s note – these are St. Tom’s families who recently lost a child), all it took was one phone call about their child to break their hearts and turn their world upside down. For others it’s a lab report to confirm an illness, or a request to see their supervisor and learn they no longer have a job. Or they leave their house and come back to find out it’s on fire. There’s not much distance between “everything’s going fine” and a crisis; it doesn’t take much time to move from a peaceful prayer or a religious “high” on retreat to a catastrophe that radically changes our lives.
BM: Plays are more difficult. For a movie, you learn it and you’re not really rehearsing with the people you’re in the scene with so then you go and show up and whatever happens happens, and if anything is amiss you have another take. With the play, it has to be exact and correct every time. Films are still very enjoyable and a lot of fun.
I, a peripatetic Northeastern expat living in the American Midwest, came across this recipe for chocolate-chocolate-chip cookies on a Canadian food blog. She had picked them up from an NYC food blog (or should I say the NYC food blog), who had in turn found them in a cookbook by a Francophile American, who had gotten them from a well-known Parisian chef who, apparently, came up with the original recipe. First published as Korova cookies, they are now more commonly known, at least in the food blogosphere, as World Peace Cookies for their purported ability to spread peace and harmony wherever they are baked and shared.
How did His easy yoke turned into something unbearable unless one has this knowledge that is hidden from most?
Dark Soya Sauce, ¼ teaspoon
And may the two goddesses grant our prayers.
You couldn’t get a better version of a young Basdeo Panday (sorry Mickela) this week when you heard Mooni talking about ‘Generation Vex’, a slur on Generation Next who is the Panday slate in the upcoming UNC internal elections. Similar to Bas’s penchant of saying ‘corpse’ when referring to the COP, Mooni forgot his party mantra about ‘everyone having the democratic right to seek election into office’ and could only say ‘vex’ and how they have meetings with 10 people under a shed and a few stray dogs.
**Formerly-incarcerated individuals and ex-substance abusers, who have successfully made the transition from confinement into a stable, productive lifestyle in the community, including sustained employment since release, are eligible to apply.
A New Mexican battling the French was killed in modern-day Nebraska during the 1720 Villasur Expedition.
More true crime on campus
just take today for example. The US dollar was trading at Z$1334 per dollar
But I was determined to have another go – and another. And another. Waiting for my ball to return I glanced across at several teenagers playing with gusto, like true professionals. They played so fast, though Richard said I was probably bowling at about 15mph. It felt like 5mph – a granny version of the game.
I'm just praying he makes it through his freshman year of high school.
TIP #1 - LOTS of WATER It might seem crazy to, you know, 'measure' the water just to cook some green beans. But this is one of the tricks to making Fresh Green Bean Casserole. Use two full quarts (that's eight cups) of water for every pound of green beans. This gives the beans a lot of liquid to cook in and helps them cook fully and evenly. Two quarts of water almost fills my large Dutch oven so to double or triple the recipe, it's important to cook the beans in batches, replenishing the water for each batch.
I give this one a 7 out of 10.
Bob’s older brother David was a classic example of the era- coon skin coat
Brand: Pink Leather Weekly Pocket Planner 2012
“Rose?” he said in a questioning tone.
Too Short - 45
We can see then that this single quote by Greenpeace really does reveal that they know nothing about the generation of power, nor the utility or efficacy of nuclear energy.
But how is this information collected? Today’s Daily Q asks: What exactly do lobbyists and clients have to disclose about their activities and spending?
* btw… have you tried the Spotify iPad app yet? We’ve been playing around on an iPad 2 version, sans-retina excellence but hey. And, no apps on this app, perhaps a disappointment but functionality, playlists, and usability seem great.
Well, I’m up to 26 followers at the time of this post’s release so I figured it was time for another one of those ‘get to know ya’ thingamajigs. I think I owe the inspiration for this post to carlarenee45 and certainly the improvement in my mood overall has been at least partly due to everyone here and this whole WP blog adventure. See, even a curmudgeon like me likes to get to know human type beings! It’s fun and positive and no animals have to suffer in labs for it! So, without further ado, let’s jump in to this thing.
I’m going to green light this one because while we bought a house (which certainly increased our debt level), the debt we had prior to that has been decreasing steadily. Not sure how much I can keep up with it with all of the “new home” expenses we’re about to have, but I can at least keep up with the required payments and that is certainly still progress.
It will be a better year
One student replied :-
To save water (especially here in Australia), to use less detergent, and to spend less on hot water. (Do you refill the kettle while you wait for the hot water to come through? Give it a try.)
Also a bit of random stuff -
I would say that the primary positive result of this type of education is that my time is my own, to spend or squander as I wish; it does not belong to a teacher or an institution. Because of this freedom, I’ve been able to pursue the things that I’m passionate about to their fullest potential, without any hindrance, and I’ve had the chance to learn what I’m passionate about, what I love, through direct, hands-on life experience. I’ve also been able to learn in the way that I choose.
However, this system is not functional if adapted to restaurants. The application of this system in industrial concepts becomes expensive and low productivity. At home it works perfectly
Bob Mullen, who is in charge of Lindholme, Moorlands and Hatfield prisons, told South Yorkshire probation trust last Friday that he was excluding all probation staff to protect the commercial confidentiality of the rival public sector bid to run the cluster of jails near Doncaster. “The probation staff in the public sector prisons were effectively marched off the premises and had their identity badges and keys taken away and were effectively locked out of their place of work,” reports an internal probation service email seen by the Guardian.
He hoped that the second phase of the reservoir’s renovation would include improvements to maintain the “natural habitat” while also transforming one of the former pump houses on the site into an environmental center to educate visitors young and old.
God has promised that he will fulfill the purpose that he has for you. Are you ready to live for God? How have you experienced the fulfillment of God’s purpose in your own life? I love hearing from you!
There has been a retro return to shirt dresses, shifts, and more defined lines that accentuate and flow over the body form. Fabrics are considerably more light and possess added movement with brighter splashes of daring and muted colors paired. Color blocking has been fun before and it is unquestionably fun yet again if you don’t take pleasure in sporting floral prints. Neutral colors featuring a touch of pastel (think beige with a touch of pink or purple) are creating a mark for those who don’t want to wear overly-dramatic colors. Hemlines are pleasing from the knee to slightly over the ankle. Jewelry is minimal where less is more. Platform shoes are playful and the materials feature floral patterns, fabrics, and cord or cork heels for daytime wear. Evening fashions for boots or shoes are imitation leathers in colors devoid of embossing (no crocodile patterns) with fabric accompaniments and ties or bows.
Here is the carol:
The tea thing had been working, until last night. Not sure if it’s being worried about the cat or the massive thunderstorm we had. At any rate, I slept like shit again and I feel like death warmed over this morning.
to help set the tone.
Isaiah 42:9, NIV
Turning away from the other woman, she stepped off the edge of her Gateway, pulling her knees up to her chin in the drop so that she spun heels-over-head, backwards, to land on the far side. It was cheap showing off, but she felt better at the end of it, sharing a quick, snatched grin with Dagdan. She managed to get her face straight again as Notia emerged from the Gate's mouth in a flurry of skirts and irritation.
I think her quilt shown below won. I dropped it off for the show, and a few of the workers went crazy when they saw her quilt. "Oooooh, the curves are gorgeous!" "I love the photo!!!!" "OMG, it's gorgeous!"
For the last few weeks I have been desperately trying to find the coloured Copic MultiLiner SP pens in cool grey and pink for my illustrations, and I couldn't find them anywhere. I could special order them through my work, but there was a 6 minimum quantity. I almost did it despite my frustration about it, when I visited the store across the street from me, Petrovs (which I avoid because the customer service is atrocious and the woman who owns it was cruel to me) and they had the disposable Copic Multiliners just not in pink, but I did get greys.
Consider with me the plight of the Philippian jailer in Acts 16. He was about to take his own life as all hope was gone. It would be better to commit suicide than to die at the hands of the Roman government. Neither God nor Paul took any pleasure in his demise and the command came out of the darkness, “Do thyself no harm.”
Details to follow…..
I laughed aloud last night when I read my hubby's Facebook post. Something about how at the dinner table Max (our 7 year old) started talking about William Seward as he mimicked stabbing himself in the face (with his hand, no weapons). Only a homeschooler.
The 2007-2008 police statistics show that the frequency of car hijacking has increased by 4,4 percent and that there has also been a spike in business robberies, the frequency of which has gone up by 47,4 percent.
So the answer to your question is yes, in some cases it's ok that the writing isn't as wonderful as in other manuscripts since there's such strength in the art.
4) My kids- Even on the worst day someone can make a gesture or do something that makes me smile ear to ear and remind me why being a Mom just rocks. :o)~
There are people in this world who are really really careful with their emotions (actually I'm married to one of those), these (weirdo) types slow down, take note, think a whole bunch before they speak/write/respond.
Are you ready? Is your bib on? Ok, here we go!
To compound matters,would you believe the two on the brunt of the pudding fiasco happened to be possibly the only teetotallers out on New Years Eve?
1/2 c Melted Butter or Coconut Oil (I like the butter, it gives it that, “yup, these are chocolate chip cookies” taste)
God loves you SO MUCH! that He, hurts when you hurt He, Bottles your tears when you cry… God has been by your side this whole time reaching out to you in hopes you would hear the knocking within your heart and even though this whole time God has been rejected by your actions He never Gave up on Loving you let alone He never stopped knocking within your Heart in hopes you will come to Him, and receive His True Divine Love, He has in store for you…
Item #: 11CPTW-SB1001
4. Favorite quote?
Election (Alexander Payne & Jim Taylor)
He then says, "Now, I have to leave for a little while.
Eastman wanted to sell film, and the best way to do that was to create a market for it. His big breakthrough was the Kodak camera in 1888. For $25 (still a luxury item price range), people with no skill in processing could get a camera pre-loaded with 100 exposures of Kodak film, take the photos (literally, it was point and shoot—not even a viewfinder to look through), and then ship the whole camera back to Rochester, New York for processing. In about a week, you'd get your prints and your camera back with a new roll of film—all for $10 (still, not cheap). Eastman completely took away the technical burden of processing.
I will start off with the oldest song, that being No Use for a Name’s “Until It’s Gone.” No Use for a Name formed back in 1987 in San Jose, California. “Until It’s Gone” is the first track from their third release, from 1993! The first verse sums up the pollution well:
They rode bikes...
Raving And Drooling, You’ve Got To Be Crazy, Shine On You Crazy Diamond
1 5.1 ounce package vanilla instant pudding mix
Digger Dave also reckons a dodgy bloke in a Catford pub once threatened to shoot all the members of The Greatest Show on Legs after seeing their “Scotsman striptease” (I’m not quite sure which routine that is, but I’m open to enlightenment.)
I am only Becky… and I’m tired of feeling like that’s a bad thing.
Now, I find myself glued to my computer, looking for answers.
I personally have decided to ride my bicycle to school at least two days a week for the next four weeks. I currently drive to work because I live a couple of miles away from the Oregon State campus. By riding my bike I will eliminate the carbon dioxide emissions that my car would have produced. I think this is the best fit for where I live because walking would require too much time to actually get to campus (I have a 8:00 am class already, I don’t want to wake up any earlier then I have too). Also I want to have the ability to leave whenever I want, and the bus only runs in the morning and in the evening. Therefore biking is the best fit.
I managed to get Phil to take time out for a chat about himself and the band and we at The Rabbit Features will be watching their progress and giving our full support.
Belly Feed the tree US
like a pair of dinosaurs fighting.
You can slow time down by relaxing into the present moment and paying attention to what’s at hand, not anticipating what’s ahead. Slow down and tell yourself that you have plenty of time. Ask your Higher Power to help you. Keep your focus on the present. Try to flow from one activity to the next. Stay tuned to your inner guidance..You can also warp time by asking for it. Next time you feel rushed, say, “Time warp, please. I need some more time to —–.” Then relax. 22. A sense of impendingness. There is a feeling that something is about to happen. This can create anxiety.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line muffin tin with medium or large paper or foil liners.
Also, I happened to click on my blogger dashboard this evening and discovered that I now have 52 followers! Color me shocked! Thank you so much to all of you who are following, who have commented, and who have posted such great things on their own blogs. You all are inspiring, and I'm thankful for every one! It's late, I'm tired, and I don't have anything great or fun like a giveaway for 50 followers, but I'll be sure to do something fun for 100! ;)
This summer is also the season of marriages. Some of my old friends are now married, or are getting married. Some of my new friends are also getting married; some, who are even younger than me. I wish them great luck and a very happy married life. I would be making my second visit to the city which never sleeps- Las Vegas, a week from Friday. I am excited! It's my friend's friend's bachelor party. Sounds fun, ain't it? I have to make some plans pretty soon here.
And here is a photo of probably the most daring thing I have done to date......shaving my head! I think you'll agree that it is not really a good look for me!! But seven of us did this in the end and we raised a lot of money, so it was worth it (just!)!! although if I ever do it again it wont be in the middle of winter, it was December here and snowing, honestly, what on earth were we thinking??
(UPDATED 8:20 A.M.) SANTA CRUZ – Friends of downtown business owner Shannon Kathleen Collins mourned her loss Tuesday after police identified her as the victim of Monday’s “unprovoked, random” stabbing.
Probably the biggest bit of news we have today,RIM (yes that company that was doomed to die) recently, at BlackBerry World 2012, unveiled their latest operating system and successor to the current OS7 line of blackberries; BlackBerry 1o. Among other features, blackberry 10 will feature a revamped user interface, a much improved on-screen keyboard and some other well needed changes. On a hardware standpoint BB10 will feature displays going up to 1280×768, that is one beautiful screen, along with this will come multiprocessors of course. Nothing else is confirmed and neither is an Alpha build of BB10 ready. Check out this link for the sneak peek at bb10.
“Yeah, that’ll do”.
Did you just say, "oh NO?"
Customers not only help me pay my rent on a regular basis, but they are quite entertaining in the process.
Ou le spectre en plein jour raccroche le passant.”
Other programme highlights include Andrei Konchalovsky presenting a new print of Runaway Train, Agnès Varda with a restoration of Cleo from 5 to 7, an evening in celebration of Georges Lautner, plus documentaries about Woody Allen, Jerry Lewis, the recently deceased Claude Miller, and Me and Me Dad, Katrine Boorman’s portrait of her father, John.
8pm, thursday 7 June 2012
Dinner – hamburger patty with mushrooms, grilled onions, cheese, avocado and lettuce.
Pollito struggles to give and receive affection from us on our terms but is getting better. Recently he is obsessed with drawing pictures of us together. This is a new pattern for him. In the past 3 days he has given me 26 drawings of the two of us together and 8 drawings of sharks. What is he trying to tell me?
Exact-o Knife
In goes the frozen peas and the precooked chicken. Sauté well on medium heat, just to thaw the peas.
Soldiers are being killed in Afghanistan and the British people want their troops brought home. It would be logical as cuts to defence are being made. But if it is to bring them home and then send them off to Iran, which David Cameron won't rule out then heaven help us all. And not to say I told you so, but I have been worried about the idea of us attacking Iran for quite a while. For the record I am absolutely categorically against war unless we are really, truly, under threat of attack. I'm not going to say I would support a policy of non-intervetion like the Chinese do, but I do get a bit fed up of Western politicians trying to tell the world how to behave. It's bloody hypocritical.
To book online, go to www.sunsethillhouse.com
“Does anybody doubt that had the mission failed, it would have written the beginning of the end of the president’s first term?” Vice President Joe Biden says in laying out Obama’s foreign policy campaign message. “We know what President Obama did. We can’t say for certain what Governor Romney would have done.”
So thank you. Thank you for sharing, and visiting, and commenting, and just being you. Thank you.
It was a chaotic few minutes as we gathered the raft scraps from the river and piled them in a place until we could haul them off - --
Checking in with Kane they find (unsurprisingly) that's he's at a loss to explain any of this--but he does tell them Viviane Vandemaur (the supposed widow) wants to meet with them.
Although Obama wrote of “puzzling out the meaning of the muezzin’s call to evening prayer,” he was not raised as a Muslim, according to the senator’s office. Nor was he raised as a Christian by his mother, a white American named Ann Dunham who was deeply skeptical of religion.
The concept of vaccinating to immunize began in 1796, when British apothecary (pharmacist) Edward Jenner inserted cowpox pus under the skin of an eight year old boy. Jenner based his experiment on an unsubstantiated rumor that anyone who had experienced cowpox would be immune to smallpox.
Adams was booked into Spokane County Jail on one count of first-degree robbery, Moses said.
It's not suprising, I suppose, that the name "Hopkins" does not appear in the index of Ian Richards' otherwise magisterial To Bed at Noon: The Life and Art of Maurice Duggan (AUP, 1997). It would be difficult to justify a claim that he was an important influence on Duggan at any time. He clearly did read him, though - and with considerable care - and it's rather nice to be able to examine these neat and meticulous annotations at this distance in time, more than six decades later.
This past week we have been living by a timer. Every 20, 15, 10 minutes, our day is interrupted with a "brrriiinnngggg!" as our old wind-up kitchen timer goes off.
They continue talking. William believes he noticed McArdle looking "surprised" upon slashing George, as if he hadn't actually meant to kill him. But Mr. Lawrence tells him to forget about this.
Hamas would view any future agreement between the Palestinian Authority and Israel not as a permanent peace treaty but rather as a truce, a senior Hamas official told a Jewish newspaper.
Sayers, Dorothy L. “The Omnibus of Crime (1928-29)” In The Art of the Mystery Story: A Collection of Critical Essays, edited by Howard Haycraft, 71-109. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 1992. Originally published as Introduction to Great Short Stories of Detection, Mystery, and Horror. London: Gollancz, 1928.
It was also an indication, I’d suggest, that our tastes as viewers are changing. Genuine talent, constructive criticism, a lack of histrionics – these are all qualities that would have been dismissed until recently as too dull and worthy for a modern-day mainstream TV audience, particularly on a Saturday night. The ratings success of The Voice UKsuggests otherwise.
“Where are these bloody zebra?” I muttered to D. “Great, billowing golden plains and not a damned zebra in sight, just two ostriches. Ostriches I can see anytime! I want zebra!” Yes, I confess, there was a degree of petulance in my voice.
All we ask in return is that people respect that this is our home. The sheep in our fields are our livelihood. The fields are serving a purpose. Enjoy your visit to the countryside and remember that we love having you. But please spare a thought for your dogs off lead and your free-roaming children, because believe me, a ewe with lambs will not.
* DNA is a product of a quantum energy wave, and is written into the basic laws of the Universe;
The rules are that I post seven things about me that you didn't know and then nominate seven other bloggers for this award.
Michelle runs an time and money saving blog that is sure to make all of your lives easier! Michelle's title says it all. It's quite amazing really! But you CAN cook 5 dinners in just ONE hour too!!
I work with a team of editors and producers for GQ.com who get social and occasionally contribute ideas, but the extent of the strategy, writing, execution and tracking is all on me. Right now, that’s upwards of 14 different logins across a number of networks (and growing). That is to say — solo dolo.
1. The family is all finally home! I can finally relax and plan my own vacation. And I can tell you, I won't be calling any of them!
Do you remember me telling you that Edith (our turkey girl) was found
Yikes! This is an outrageously offensive & misinformed post.
If you are a blogger who has featured me recently, and I did not thank you, it is probably because I did not see your post. I love to give people a little shout out for featuring one of my post or for using one of my recipes or craft tutorials and providing a link back to my blog. If you do this, please let me know so I can thank you publicly for this!
Talking of families, I have over the past few months been making more use of Facebook. Me along with seemingly everyone else on the planet. :-) One thing that has happened - well, other than me making and sticking to a personal promise to quit on games that suck time away - is the extent of the social network. I don't say this as a brag, moreover as an observation. It's like a little web that grows out from friends that you find. I found an old school friend on there and slowly, friends from my childhood slipped back into my social circle.
Phew! Now the garden is finally quiet. The lilies are over (except the speciosum), the roses are taking a break, but I do have plenty of annuals, tropicals and yellow/orange perennials. The heliopsis is doing wonderfully, as is the rudbeckia laciniata “Gold Glow” (at top), which might very well be my favorite rudbeckia ever. There isn’t the riot of scent that I had when the lilies and jasmine were dominating, but I do still have some fragrance from the heliotrope (especially the white), the old-fashioned petunias, the David’s Lavender phlox and a few other plants. And there are some plants still to bloom.
–YELLOW-RUMPED WARBLER (15), same, same
Title: Rapture Ready!: Adventures in the Parallel Universe of Christian Pop Culture
However, a few tracks simmer but never quite burst into life. ‘Winter’, comfortably the dullest song is unfortunately placed at Track 3 and the confused funk of ‘Be Three Years Old’ sounds a mite too contrived. However, these lowlights certainly suffer more because of the arresting tracks found around them, and the lack of cohesion is pretty much the only downside to what is a very well-realised and ambitious collection, built expertly from the bottom up. Although by no means perfect, ‘Beware and Be Grateful’ warrants repeated listens and is as unique an album as you’ll hear this year, and for that it deserves a ten!
Love Maddie x
3. Throw in fats and protein:
We hope you can join us for this challenge
So, remember, it’s just a heat wave. It will end just like all the others and, in a few months, we will all be talking about the blizzards.
I had the best time yesterday at the Creative Stitches exhibition in Glasgow. I went with Kate who runs a lovely Etsy store called Wee Red Suitcase and Rachel who blogs over at The Crafty Traveller. You can get a sense by looking at the photos above of the size of expo. It was full of stands selling yarn, fabric, patterns, other craft supplies such as beads, ribbon, etc.
In a large bowl combine greens, gouda, apple, and turkey. Serve plain or dressed with your favorite dressing!
Amit Bansal answers, Well this is a shortlisting procedure and very clearly it will be an elimination round. Please be thoroughly prepared for the interview and do look at the job profile before you go. Ensure you highlight your skills, knowledge and attitude which match the job profile.
* Image - Debbi Moore 'Splendour of Regency' CD
I feel very at ease with research work, and can work hard and relentlessly at it, since it does not require me to encounter people. It is truly my vocational element. If I had to spend a tenth of my time dealing with those of immature minds, working over things at the level of emotional issues, I would not have even a quarter of my current amount of energy left, to devote to research work. For the same reason, I have difficulties (in terms of energy allocation) in dealing with Western consumers — who are generally very emotional — and their issues. I automatically dismiss emotional content that does not promise an intellectual harvest, which I can find enjoyment in. I cannot process that kind of material as if it were real, in the true sense of what is real to me, since consumer complaints just seem to be a short-circuiting of reality, rather than pointing to a reality that is greater than themselves (ie. outside of themselves), and therefore such complaints don’t seem to interest me.
You may think I exaggerate, but the trip across the Grand Canyon and back literally changed my perspective on life because it changed my relationship with myself. With five weeks to train, my body survived 47 miles and 8,000 vertical feet in two days. And I loved it; every moment of it! I had to call on mental determination and faith and there they were, waiting for me to put them into action. One foot in front of the other and little by little I made the journey all the while a smile on my face.
“Pet-owning individuals have better health, more social contacts, more exercise, and a better outlook on life than non-pet owners. Simply being with a pet lowers the heart rate, lowers cholesterol, and lowers anxiety in most people.”
Fight Like A Girl – Megan Seely
I'm sick and tired of this kind of abuse under color of authority.
"Unreliable Evidence" is coming to a radio near you next Wednesday, 30 March, from 8 to 8.45pm. The subject is "Intellectual Property". The details: "Clive Anderson and some of the country's top lawyers and judges discuss legal issues of the day. The second programme in the series looks at the law and intellectual property. Humans are an extraordinarily creative species, but can't always agree about the legal rights relating to that creativity. This programme looks at how our courts attempt to resolve disputes over trade marks, inventions, music and literature; in fact over everything from life-saving drugs to sweater designs. Do our copyright, patent and other laws create the right balance between the protection of entrepreneurship and the potential benefit to the public of less regulated distribution of our creative output?" If you think this programme is going to give you an answer, don't forget to tune in to Radio 4.
Interestingly… this from Tweetminster at 6.15 pm this evening:
One of the things I have always been interested is home designs and decorating home. When I am inspired, my mind can get preoccupied by the ideas to rearrange and redecorate our home.
4 tbsp plain flour
To conclude my speech, I’d like to say that the only thing I hope for is that as my life approaches its end, Allah will give me an opportunity to go to the land of Jihad and resistance, even if in a wheelchair. I will shoot Allah’s enemies, the Jews, and they will throw a bomb at me, and thus, I will seal my life with martyrdom. Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds. Allah’s mercy and blessings upon you.
Your assignment this week was to write about sex without writing about the actual act. Because you always want to leave a little to the imagination.
Thanks for your time. Do you have any last words/wishes?
Our evening ended with dinner at the Big River Restaurant with Kimberly Van Diepen and her crew. As you can see in the pictures above Kimberly loves her dessert!!! After dinner we all headed to the Boardwalk where Stampin' Up! staff were hanging out. When we were all tired and ready for bed we headed back to our room where my very first Pillow Gift was waiting for me on our bed. Don't you just love this Disney Bag they gave us with our name embroidered in Micky Mouse Font?? LOVE IT!!!! And it was loaded down with some awesome snacks and water too!!
* misinterpreted the scope of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) and departed from guidance set out in Philips;
Hunt, being an amoral idiot, says he has done “nothing unethical”. This merely goes to show he has no concept of the meaning of ethics in such a context. When Newscorp’s lobbyist Frederic Michel referred to Hunt’s tip-off about progress as ‘illegal actually!’ James Murdoch told Leveson Counsel Robert Jay, “Look, I don’t understand the niceties of Westminster…it was obviously just a joke”. But there is no greater sick joke in 2012 than the way these profoundly disgusting people – Murdoch, Michel, Hunt, Cameron – expect us to believe such obvious rubbish.
My objective for this post is to spread awareness about veganism and about the benefits that ensue from this philosophy. Therefore, it is necessary that I first: a) reintroduce and build upon my earlier post on this website, Why I Am a Vegetarian; and, b) renounce a more recent post, The Pleasures of Yogurt-Making, in light of my evolution away from the use of animal products.
And so, it is done. I am overwhelmed by the messages, texts, and all-out LOVE that has been coming at us from all sides today. We celebrated by holding our second annual charity art show for childhood cancer research and our third annual blood drive and marrow donor registration drive - both hugely successful events, yet again. Peach did two television interviews, got hugs and well-wishes from just about everyone in Austin, Texas, and handled all the hoopla so very well. That girl, y'all - That.GIRL. It was truly the best day ever. Ever.
And join once more with their fellow little goats in teasing and tantalizing the troll.
+The Witch Hunt
We believe in hell.
Kruger pointed out that the Boers currently are on a rapid relearning curve; that have to ‘relearn the democracy practices which were lost to them, and thus nearly forgotten, ‘ever since the Boers had fallen under British colonial oppression in 1902’.
That does not mean, however, that parents and educators should pull back and relinquish their authority – especially in areas where child safety is concerned. What a child does on the computer, especially if that computer connects to the outside world complete with stalkers, con artists and college admissions representatives (not that they are in the same category as the nefarious others mentioned), is not private and requires adult scrutiny. There is no point in hiding the fact that the child’s actions will be monitored – - in fact, that knowledge can help children and teens think before they digitally act.
The rest of the DT have come up with some gorgeous ways of using vellum so it's well worth popping over to the challenge blog for a peek and Mrs Stampman is offering a £10 voucher for the winner as always.
Cloud Nothings
When your baby dies, what happens?
Or a baby on my hip
I smiled, but my mind was already on Marge. I could see what was happening. And like a fool I watched as it unravelled, convincing myself that no-one would be that mean... that I must be wrong.
Already the summer of 1971, Norway hailed the Norwegian pagan Goddess “Frigg” by naming a new gas reservoir after her.
Math was never really my thing in school, and out. You’d see me cringing if anyone mentions anything vaguely related to algebra or calculus. I call it the “gag reflex”, the same way any sensible adult reacts to someone saying “Justin Bieber”. Now you Beliebers don’t go hating on me…
Sunday was a day of being VERY SORE!! Lots of water, lots of rest, ice and ibuprofin. Long island iced teas might have worked better, or at least might have made me feel like they were working better, but alas, I did not tryi them to find out. =(
Tupac himself should see another resurrection at some point, since he cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to create. So creators and promoters will certainly push for it to appear for more than just Coachella, even if they’ve denied it so far.
Workshop selections included Building Bat Houses, Dance Revolution, Painted Pots, Still Life Drawing, Sculpture/Beads, Tie Dye, Dizzy Dancing Discs, Charcoal Drawing, Dynamite Drumming, Slate Etching, “Movement,” and making Felt Balls. Additional treats included an extra long morning recess complete with popcorn and juice drinks and a cookout lunch served by volunteers from Hardwood Products in Guilford.
Anyway, Paris was lovely despite the chilly temperatures. We took the Chunnel from London to Paris (I slept basically the entire way) on Monday morning (5/10), and then walked to our hostel which was in the Monmarte neighborhood of the city. (For those of you familiar with Paris, we were staying right near Sacre Cour). The area itself seemed a little touristy, but our hostel, Le Village, was wonderful. We were supposed to be in an 8 person room, but lucked out as they ended up switching us to a 3 person room (that we were the only 2 people in 2 of the 4 nights we were there) with a private bath. (It's amazing how a few days of staying in hostels will make you appreciate even the simplest of amenities!) After checking in, we walked all the way up to this big, beautiful church, Sacre Coeur, which was on the hill right near our hostel. From the front of the church, we were able to get a really great view of the city. We toured the church, then walked to a nearby cafe to get lunch. Our waiter didn't speak much English, and the menu was all in French, but we managed to get by and have a great lunch.
1. The Stoning of Soraya M. - Good
Jimmy Cobb – Drums
Why are we breaking up like this?
What am I doing to make them hate me so? I am determined to make them work this summer. I will conquer the hydrangea and make them like me. Even if they hate me for it.
While their parents may not have been thrilled with a skunk resting in a huge flower pot on the front porch they encouraged their kindness to care for something that couldn't care for itself.
In defence, it is no use saying that Muslims abide by ritual slaughter simply because it is part of Islam or what Mohammed actually did. That would simply lead to the question: Why did Mohammed and Islam demand such a sacrifice? For the suffering? Unless Muslims are prepared to say that the ritual part of halal slaughter is not as important as the fact that it is simply part of Islam. That would mean that Muslims carry out halal slaughter because this is what Muslims have always done and it is what Islam demands. Surely Muslims will feel obliged to say that there is more to it than simple tradition – even if it is a religious or Islamic tradition. However, there are various gratuitous or vacuous Muslim behaviours, rituals and beliefs that are only practiced and upheld simply because of what Mohammed said or did or what it says in the Koran. For example, Mohammed did not like dogs. Thus Muslims don’t like dogs. There is even the case of Mohammed sleeping on his right side which many Muslims have mimicked. Surely there isn’t much - or any kind - of a rationalisation for this mimicry - just as there may not be any known reasons for not liking dogs.
"But just because one thing turned out to be real doesn't mean it's all real!" we hear you protest. Of COURSE it is. That's how SCIENCE works, fictional protestor. Don't you know anything? Maybe you should look it up some time in a book on SCIENCE.
Pay: $10/hour
Mr. Think continued, “your involvement in this affair is vital, Nibras, When I got back to my office I made few discreet enquiry. Yours seem to be the first breakthrough’ case for Sharshar. And”, Mr. Think stopped here for emphasis, “I’m fairly certain he blackmailed you into helping him. The thing that I want to know is, how?”
Why does the mother not want to be identified? Why did she “show up” already pregnant? Why did the grandmother allow her daughter to receive fertility treatments in the first place? How many of the other children were products of fertility treatment? What kind of doctor provided the treatment and where was it done? The guidelines state that only 2 embryos should be implanted in a woman under 35 – she is 33.
3. Make sure to link back to our challenge by 6pm UK time on 6th April.
- Calming vibrations and gentle rocking motion help comfort and soothe baby.
Contestant :The Arabs
However as the city expanded and enveloped the reservoirs (which were originally in a fairly rural area outside the city limits) pollution made the water undrinkable and the city turned to Wales for its water supply (where it still largely comes from now).
But in this age of action will romance sell? “What is life without romance? The world revolves around love. If it is not a love story I cannot work on the film. You cannot put arms around twenty crore of rupees, life is miserable if you don’t have someone to share it with. I like working on love stories. Even “Jism 2″ is a love story though an adult one. It does not cater to a teeny bopper’s emotions. When the earlier “Jism” was released people had expected a skin fest but it was the chavvani audience who went away and it was the women above the age of 35 and young couples who made the film a hit. I find it strange that we are catering primarily to an audience of GenNext. There is nothing for the mature audience in the films today which is rather unfortunate, but I try to focus my films to make them appeal to an emotionally mature audience,” she says.
Do you have a meal from growing up your mom made that you now make yourself?
Just there, in a corner,
Two full months of painting, repairing, rearranging and shopping filled Cheri’s summer. And after approaching the need to hang pictures and pick a theme for her home, she decided to spend some time roaming the local flea markets and second-hand shops looking for ideas. Her love for jazz music and the roaring twenties became her decorative motif. She searched for anything that resembled the art deco in the speakeasy bars, which was a benchmark of the roaring 20′s. Thrilled beyond imagination, Cheri found two old black-and-white posters of gangster legends, Al Capone and Bugsy Siegel. Even her love for Charlie Chaplin was expressed in her need to make her home reflect everything 20′s.
There are also some things going on in the school district office that I can't be specific about right now. Some bad decisions were made, and then more bad decisions were made in an attempt to fix that. And now yet another set of bad decisions are about to be made which will have far-reaching consequences for our children, and no one has the balls to stand up and do anything about it. People tell me in private that they're behind me, but then when push comes to shove I find myself alone because everyone else is too afraid to take a stand. Teachers don't want to say anything because they're afraid of losing their jobs, and parents...well, I don't know what they're afraid of, but maybe they just don't understand how serious this is. Maybe they don't understand because no one is willing to talk to them about it. Or maybe they just don't care. Either way, it's sad and frustrating.
One of the biggies this past month was an Intuition Upgrade, where our inner wisdom circuits and sensory networks were re-wired, re-booted and recalibrated! So you may have had a few blank spots where you just couldn’t get your usual read on a situation or had bursts of intense psychic activity as new levels of awareness came online.
That was it. But Dad’s don’t always say everything they know.
In accordance with the Article 31 of the Order of 19/09/1945, the accountants professional practice monitoring and the conflict resolution are ensured by the concerned Regional Councils. However, if the Regional Council does not properly fulfill his duties, our last resort, before moving to the European level, is the Supreme Council of the Institute of Chartered Accountants. That’s why I approach You, Mrs. President.
The professor insists that the boy come to his house from school and spend the rest of the day, eating dinner together. Each day the boy arrives he must be identified and explained all over again. He is invariably greeted with a hug. The bond between them grows, based on the professor’s love of numbers, which he teaches to the boy, and baseball. Since the baseball season and players are frozen in 1975 in the professor’s mind, discussions must be censored for later references. They do it, becoming an assembled family in which the elderly man is the grandfather, joining with the mother and son. No spoilers here. Read this book for the story of a rare confluence of three otherwise rather ordinary human beings.
Got a cheese box? If so, I have the craft for you!
Faustino Apostol, 55, New York, N.Y.
I have plenty on my table right now:
With the Light Flesh pencil draw a smooth thin line around the face and neck Picture 16 using exactly the same method as for the hair using Sansodor and Clean paper stump blend the Light Flesh. Picture 17.
She looks into his eyes and says calmly, ’No, I’m your son’s teacher!’
This aside, my intention was to study the design of the hotel rather than the service, but I have been disappointed with both areas. The exterior of the building is clad in glass, in a revival of the International style. There is nothing unattractive about the exterior, but there is nothing unique, special or memorable. The entrance to the hotel is characterized by huge overhanging brackets reminiscent of the Brutalist style of the 1970s. As I approached the entrance, it felt a bit like being in the gloomy, desolate area under a raised freeway. I peeked in the main restaurant and reviewed the menu. The dining area is windowless and has a low ceiling, giving an ambiance or lack of it, which I found unwelcoming. The decor is in a generic, modern style that can be seen in any middle of the road hotel (okay the carpets were wool rather than synthetic), or for that matter in any recently decorated McDonald's.
AG: Michigan-bred and based, what are some of the group’s creative influences, and is a their a Detroit beat in your Chicago layers?
Jaela - sewing
My mock orange bush is an old one. It has grown to be so large. It was better looking when I first moved here 30 plus years ago. I will probably start removing a third of the mature branches and see if I can get it to be a smaller bush.
That was the first, last and only time I’ve eaten fruitcake from Texas. Fancy tin or not, I’ve not been fooled again.
Cardstock: Bazzill Basics & Papertrey Ink
“@Sir_Scribbles: Why am I even worried? The final is on the 28th. The World is supposed to end on the 21st. Messi ntoooor! We won’t play so you won’t win. Ha!”
I’d have thee whipped
So last week the designer Nikki made this cute dress:
At my old job, the people in my department were like family. I would share anything and everything with them, on a weekly or daily basis. I knew I could talk to them about the exciting stuff, the hard stuff, the silly stuff. And I thoroughly enjoyed their company (except when I was tired or grumpy and didn't want to talk to other humans). If I didn't have any work to do for the day, I STILL GOT PAID. It didn't matter that I was really only writing for 4 hours a day—I was getting paid for the entire day. And I had amazing benefits and a good retirement plan. I knew the client inside and out and felt comfortable voicing my opinion and asking questions when I didn't understand the reasoning behind something. I felt very safe every day at work (well, except for maybe that one day my wallet got stolen off my desk, but every other day was cool).
Yes purple's what it spells
Here are some examples that you may recognise. You may notice that not everything survives the transition intact:
Jansport puts this event together for employees of the outdoor industry to participate in. FREE OF CHARGE to us. They want you to raise funds for Big City Mountaineers but there is no requirement to do so. They have donations from vendors for a silent auction which brings in money as well. I will explain more about that when I recap the actual event and awards ceremony. The dinner was very good and there was plenty of food to fill up on. After dinner they had a slide presentation of last year's event and filled us in on what to expect. By 7:30, we were ready to drive back to camp and get our bags ready for the next day. I was in my sleeping bag by 9:30 and anxious for my 4:00 a.m. wake up call Thursday morning.
Time for a confession. I've been a CAMRA member for over thirty years, am an ex branch chairman. I've mananged bars at local festivals and worked at festivals in Belgium, yet I've never been to GBBF. When I was younger I just wasn't that interested. I drank most days of the week anyway and didn't really see the need to waste money to do what I did all the time.
Remember when Gabe used to eat pretty much anything? Those days are over!! He is getting kind of picky! He eats at regular intervals - breakfast, lunch and dinner with snack times in between. For breakfast, he ALWAYS has to have a banana--the kid is crazy about bananas!! He follows that with cream of wheat, oatmeal, waffles, pancakes, scrambled eggs, or yogurt. For lunch and dinner, it's hit and miss. One day he loves rice and the next, he won't even touch it! He likes beans and he'll eat bread or tortillas any time. PB&J is kind of a staple for him. He also likes those little vienna sausages, pasta, and whatever YOU'RE eating...lol For snack times, he can never get enough crackers or cereal.
A current under sea
Now if you are itching to harvest something, then you are not completely out of luck. If you have asparagus in your garden give it a check, as some of the Ontario asparagus is starting to come ready. Generally you can begin harvesting asparagus three years after it is planted, so if you have been waiting patiently, get out there now! Some of your perennial herbs might be big enough to flavour your meals with, like chives, oregano or perhaps even the thyme. Also keep an eye on the rhubarb patch, as it will be ready sooner than you think. And for those of you that are out there weeding dandelions from your yard, why not keep a handful to bring into the kitchen. It is chock full of vitamins A, B complex, C and D, plus contains iron, potassium and zinc. You can add the leaves into your salad, turn the flowers into wine or make a tea out of the leaves or roots. Not quite certain that you are ready to take that step? Why not try this recipe from Southern Food.
1 bee
If the story in the letters is true, it was Joseph, a little known brother of Jesus, who was crucified in his place!
I had a few minutes 'tll the zombies got close enough. The sun was high overhead but it wasn't unduly hot. Sure, I was sweatin' but more from exertion than heat.
DPs ... Foundations
First, I would like to say that I have no sympathy for Ratkan Mladic. He has an appalling record, for which he is justly facing eleven charges - SEE HERE. The Srebrenica massacre, which he oversaw, claimed 8000 lives, and he richly deserves to be brought to trial.
Human beings, in general, hate statistics. It’s not just because we fear that 69.4% of stats are made up on the spot; it’s because whenever we hear that cigarette smoke causes lung cancer, we think of Uncle Jim Bob who smoked two packs every day of his life until he keeled over at 102 from a bad case of indigestion. Those researchers obviously don’t know what they’re talking about!
5. Self help books might be accepted by local counseling centers or churches.
Turn heat off, add cheese & salt & and stir to combine. Stir in the mustard a little at a time to taste. Cover and let stand for about 5 minutes, then stir again and serve. If not creamy enough, add milk a little at a time, and gently stir.
Asif Dowla blogged about his recent White Paper examining the critical role microfinance institutions (MFIs) can play in mitigating the impact of climate change on poor people for the CGAP blog.
Please explain how you came up with the idea for the band’s name?
He looked around at all the fun stuff: crystals, herbs, gems, tarot cards, voodoo dolls, Ouija boards...."
Since I'm not buying anymore books for awhile (that sound you hear is my AmEx breathing a sigh of relief), here's what's on my nighstand for the next few months:
We can also say that it has been a big year of change, since our little girls are becoming not so little anymore. They turn 4 this week and we have made it over so many hurdles once again, and we feel like we are finally coming up for air. We can finally take everyone on vacation, everyone is potty trained (at least in the day time), we can go to events and activities and movies, all as a family and not have to leave the little ones with a sitter. It not only makes things feel more complete but it gives us more independence to do what we want.
It’s now clear the Mercedes DRS-Duct system does in fact feed the front wing to stall the wing for better aero performance. Pictures have emerged showing how the system links the front wing to the rear wing.
First, what is your PLAN?
Foals is possibly my favorite band, in that first love sense where you keep thinking there’s something more sophisticated out there but cry every time you sleep with a different band. I saw them at Rock ‘n Roll hotel in DC in 2008 and like no one was there. I’m seeing them this Sunday, October something 2010 at Black Cat and am thinking there will be a much larger crowd. Cassius is a great introduction to Foals from their first album. They waited like 4 years to release it and currently have around 2 or 3 times as many songs as they have released. Their second album, Total Life Forever, is pretty solid from every angle. My only bone to pick is that the production gave it too much sentimentality, especially the way the guitars retreat to the background at times in a typical indie-rock way. A band like Foals is nice because they tread the line between mainstream acceptance and still being mathy–you don’t have to worry about them selling their math out once they become popular like so many other bands. (e.g. Maps and Atlases)
1 dents
Blogger has done the dirty on us with its double word verification, hasn't it? We weren't asked if we wanted it. However I am reluctant to turn mine off as I have had a problem in the past with nuisance spam comments, so my apologies if it bothers you but it is staying. I have noticed, though, that if you click on the question mark ? beside the window where the words are to be typed, up comes a page which has a "contact us" message at the bottom. Click on that and you get a list of five options, one of which is "words are too hard to read". I have been clicking that and sending it off - if enough people do it, the message may get through. Perhaps it's my imagination, but over the past couple of days the verification words have seemed easier to read - so possibly the message is getting through.
Titus turned 2 on August 24th. We celebrated on his actual birthday with breakfast at Cafe Brazil and the mall play ground with friends. Peter had to work extra late on Wednesday so he took the day off on Friday to help with Titus party and to play with his birthday boy. Thanks to Brittney, Titus had a wonderful party. She let me borrow a ton of stuff from Nash's party. LOVE YOU! Mickey Mouse was the theme....
_____My therapist told me he has never met anyone like me before. I am still trying to figure out if this is a compliment or an insult. (funny therapist quote)
awakens aromas
Let’s talk a bit about you Sarah. What made you want to get into the world of film in the first place?
I followed the storm east on I-80, stopping at the Gibbon, Shelton, and Wood River exits. Most of the following photos were taken from the Gibbon exit, with a few of the later shot from the Shelton exit (or somewhere near it.) I kept running into the Discovery Channel guys; they're all over the place this year.
5) I always boast that my 1,500 feet would require only one mad day of cleanup. Which is true. If you aren't a garden hawk. I see seedlings to move, plants to divide, mulch to place, beds to expand, branches to trim.... It's like having a frenetic disco ball inside my head. And now this year I've started seed inside and plan a veggie bed. What the sandhill crane was I thinking?
The meal was fine and the company was great, but most of the entertainment came from the young lady who works there. Here are some things she said to us and other customers - it truly got to be very funny:
Now comes the fun part! Taking a pair of sharp scissors, and cut fine diagonal lines into your feather towards the center where the wire is but be sure to not cut all the way down to the wire. Cut all the way around your feather... and voila you are done!!! Sit back and take a look at your beautiful creation!
One thing I have learned is that my family and friends (old, new, and virtual) are wonderful people, and for that I am grateful. We've had phone calls from friends as far away as Arizona, and daily visits from those in close proximity. Messages left on Facebook. Every day we receive a nice bundle of cards in the mail (post office and email). We've had flowers and food delivered, even as recent as yesterday (with the comment, "After about a week, you need some new food.")! People have gifted money to the family for expenses and for Mikaela's memorial fund. It's overwhelming and beautiful.
Sweet Something Design made a bunch of felt flowers, but one flower made me especially happy! Wouldn't this be a beautiful pin to give to moms in your life for Mother's Day?
Orange and blue are complementary colors. Complementary colors have a special relationship because they are opposites on the color wheel. Take a look at the color wheel below:
Oakland’s black community and law enforcement have had a tense relationship for years, including a corruption case known as the Riders case in which a group of police officers were accused of abusing and falsely accusing suspects. Three of the officers were acquitted, but the case nevertheless damaged the department’s reputation.
Dr A K Agrawal is a renowned Orthopedic and Joint replacement surgeon in Kanpur, North India. After doing his medical graduation and post graduation with gold medal from GSVM Medical College Kanpur he joined prestigious Jaslok Hospital & Research Centre, Mumbai. Later he joined Bombay Hospital, Mumbai where he worked with Dr K T Dholakia. He also worked in Central Institute of Orthopedics ,safdarjang Hospital, and Dr R.M.L.Hospital, New Delhi.
In verse 9, John says that those who ‘go on ahead’ do not have the truth of Christ within them. They are false Christians and not to be believed. Only those who honour the truth of Christ’s teachings will enter the kingdom of Heaven. This is what he explained in 1 John (see above) and why he elaborated on those themes.
What an amazing experience to really SEE him, really hear him.
Bake at 375 degrees for approx. 15 to 25 minutes.
If you have been following lately, you know that things have been pretty foggy here in the prairies and not just figuratively. For two days I have opened up the blinds in the morning to see fog. This morning on the way to school I started making fog horn noises. Growing up near the ocean, you hear that sound frequently. I loved watching the fog slowly roll in and immerse the harbour in it's grey grasp. I tried to explain that to the kids. That the fog that they see is just the clouds. I know this isn't really scientifically correct, but the kids loved it. They did not love the fog horn noises.
Favourites: EGOIST, Happy Fate, perfect trap, THIRD/Antares Cr302
His answer is interesting because in science rational thought is taken to mean a line of reasoning that is typically devoid of emotion. Something that leads to optimal results for the individual. In the context of budo would this mean optimal results for the society in general (mutual welfare).
11. I Think I'll Just Stay Here and Drink -- Merle Haggard
The indictment charges that Barton intentionally misused his public position for unlawful personal gain, and that he misused confidential law enforcement data by willfully accessing confidential private information about an individual that was unrelated to any official law enforcement duty, the story said.
Yes in deed, this is a great day, as I am surely catching up with my blogging of cards.
I had been warned that going into the children's prison in Vitoria would be difficult. We visited at night. I tried to prepare myself for the sights, smells, and sounds of the place, but I was still shocked. The physical and spiritual darkness was oppressive. A barren, crumbling cement building housed the children in windowless cells with no running water, bathing facilities, heat, or fresh air. Toilets were holes in the cement floor. Some cells held up to five kids behind heavy steel doors. No medical or dental care was provided. The darkness was punctuated by a single, naked light bulb hanging in about half of the cells - the only light we saw.
So the REAL question is….who is facilitating YOUR coaching??
Was there risk? A little bit. But it was so worth it. Risk means that things will go wrong occasionally - that's life. It involves risk. Every time you do anything original or creative you take a risk. If you let young people have adventures they will sometimes get hurt, sometimes even get killed. But very, very rarely in the UK. We are so lucky that adventures here are relatively safe. And we ought to be letting our young people have them, however painful it is for us parents.
Embarrassed, she took a step back and hurriedly gathered her things. Increasingly aware of what could have happened she asked Richie not to tell Laila anything. A couple of minutes later Raina was rushing down the stairs and rushing to the station, not sure where to go. She couldn’t go home stinking of weed and drunk, her mother was sharp and she’d be in more trouble than she was in the mood for – so she just sat on the train glad she didn’t do anything stupid with Richie.
He has a Fall Festival in school today - it's like a Halloween Party, except that they can't call it a party - for which his teacher invited him to dress as his favorite book character. A dragon is not his favorite book character. Plus it has a tail* and I don't think he can get in and out of it independently, so he needed another costume for today.
Anyways...I have exciting news: the backsplash is done! And I'm showing you tonight!
Yep, there it is, in all it's supportive glory, his sports cup is laying on the floor.
Not much of that, but some. I put a strong, irrelevant stripe into the Sky Scarf for the missed days, and we’re now back on course. For the moment. Today’s stripe is done, a nice blue one. And I reached stripe BBB on the snood. So that’s colour C finished – only tiny fragments remain, but that was the idea. And if C can do it, so can B. There should be no more need to knit fast in order to finish the stripe before the yarn runs out.
However cunningly you try and arrange something with magnets to keep propelling itself around on its own metaphorical steam, it can’t be done.
Pan waddled away (I could’ve sworn she was limping) and hid beneath a bench. The raccoon curled into a ball, absolutely terrified. And Ally was still trying to purr and get the animal to come out.
The Zero Waste Kit includes:
I believe this is the original recipe on the Taste of Home website. But I played a little with the one I saw on Thoughts Appear’s site, which I will show you below.
If we understand the negative financial impact emotions and cognitive behaviors can have on client’s and their wealth our role changes significantly.
Last night I watched some boot camp stuff. Truthfully, I’m not too worried. I’m sure a lot of people less physically fit have been through it before me and passed. What I am worried about it my “shyness” “people pleasing” ways which has greatly decreased since college. Well I don’t want to say I’m worried about them. I’m actually excited at the possibility of losing them completely. ^^
Over the weekend, we hit Home Depot and started checking out paint. I picked out a couple of colors that I like, they mixed us up some samples and we took them home to try them out. I really liked the one color so My Friend and I agreed that we would start painting Sunday. I was in charge of painting the wall while he painted the shelves that he made for my unused closet (boy is he ever handy!).
Husband or Daddy an investment banker or from a wealthy family? Well £550 is going to seem like a pretty tight budget for just one outfit then isn't it? Don't have to relate to people from different racial backgrounds to yourself on a regular basis? Then it must seem totally acceptable to file them away under some condescending label that makes them slightly more understandable to you while you congratulate yourself on your token effort to celebrate diversity.
Even though Splendid is based on a fairy tale, it tackles real issues that children face: obesity, peer pressure, bullying, and dysplasia, to name a few. Many of the characteristics that are considered negative in our culture work out to be a plus for the kids at Splendid Academy. For example, if Andrew did not have weight issues, he would never have noticed the other students’ weird reaction to the school. Or, if there wasn’t bullying on the playground, its curious ingredient would never have been uncovered.
Address: 6, Place Paul Painlevé 75005
And any sympathy anyone might have felt for 51-year-old Joyce would be dissipated if allegations of an affair two years ago with a 17-year-old schoolgirl who was helping in his office during the election turn out to be true.
She is obsessive, yet witch-doctor-like about her health.
Tracy and Theresa stopping by unexpectedly, then joining them for a walk.
That, my friends, is Busy-And-Important-Husband’s iPad. (Granted, this photo is a ‘reconstruction’, but this is exactly how I found it.) The thud I heard was the wind picking up the iPad, which had obviously been left on the roof, and pinning it against the roof rack.
The Jerusalem Post quoted Erian as saying that if the U.S. cuts aid to Egypt, the MB would consider changing the terms of the peace treaty. He is warning that the U.S. should understand that “what was acceptable before the revolution is no longer.”
The episode was written and directed and edited by Jay Smith, engineered by Michael Stokes.
