I’m a news guy…I work my ass off…I love my job, but sometimes you have to deal with things that aren’t a part of life. I don’t get the luxury of doing it from my living room like the rest of the world.
Had a nice egg omlet (thanks Kimesha) and I went off to work, a few minutes into my cup of coffee (with splenda now) and my co-worker brings in a bag of fresh croissants. Thanks right?
On the top side of the Vita are left and right shoulder buttons – there are no trigger buttons like you’d find on a PS3 Dualshock controller. Between the shoulders you’ll find the on/off button, volume controls, the PS Vita Card slot (which we’ll discuss in a moment) and a terminal to plug in any number of as-yet non-existent peripherals.
I'd love to be making more, but our little boy's health is still needing lots of Mummy time, and the unpacking process from the big move is slow progress. Perhaps I'll make a few more before the end of Winter.
After that, make it two days or even make it an hour if you’re feeling froggy.
Between 16 years and 35 years, you have learnt valuable lessons about a quality called adjustment and compromise. You need these qualities to hang on during life’s worst moments. It helps you thrive.
Preheat oven to 350-degrees.
21.) The Ethics Bill Was Hard To Pass - NOT EXACTLY, it took just 14 days
Have been really snowed under with life in general lately ..in a good way but.
At first, I thought the woman was overacting. The man was technically only 15 minutes late for the dinner reservation and she was early. From what I could gather from the argument, this was not the first time the man had been late. Apparently this would be his last because as soon as she finished saying her piece, she asked me to close out her check and then left the restaurant in a huff. The guy paced in the bar area a couple of times before leaving the restaurant himself.
Oh fuck…… don’t get me started on exam stress….
The Flying Saucer’s Fall Brew Fest will feature five beer tents, each with crafted brews chosen by The Flying Saucer’s own resident beer guru, Keith Schlabs. Featured beers will include rare special releases and cask-conditioned ales. The event also will feature a Frisbee® Golf tournament and live music.
With vanishingly few exceptions, a cloudy pint is a sign of poor cellarmanship – either serving green beer that hasn’t yet had chance to settle properly, or a cask having been disturbed in the cellar, or trying to eke out the last dregs and sucking up some sediment. You don’t need to taste it – it’s a glaring fault, and should be sent straight back.
We still have two more nights of this farce to go. Tonight they go to Penal and Thursday night the Partnership’s Travelling Comedy Caravan pulls in at Diamondvale.
immigrants, it does not seem unreasonable this should count to their
Today is a good day!
Local: 20 MPG
When I was at Granada Television, we once went to Blackpool to film a series of on-screen promotions for the TV station. The promos featured stars of the legendary series The Comedians and we, of course, gave them a complimentary lunch in the upstairs room of an off-season Blackpool pub.
Posted on Thursday, January 19, 2012 10:39AM EST
The curious technical feature is that, in Chinese, there is a mass of material squeezed into the first two lines and practically no material in the second two, so there is abnormal strain in keeping the balance. You have to contract and expand without looking as though you are doing it. The form uses full rhyme. It is not by any means a great poem. It is conventionally picturesque, the gold in the third line refers to the actual discovery of gold near the lake, and the 'so' in the last line is a false link between the gold, the picturesqueness, and the name, which is in fact simply a description of the long narrow lake to the west of the city. But there it is. It matters because it is a focus for celebration.
Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 47 minutes, or until firm.
Then break it apart into bite-sized pieces with your hands, into any serving dish you like, and pour the dressing over. Toss. *Excellent* replacement for potato chips.
He kisses her. “Wait for the flood, Rue.”
The first thing that I loved about these diapers was the fact that they are hybrids. Charlie Banana One Size diapers are a “2-in-1” reusable diaper system. They have a smart front panel that gives you the option of tucking in a disposable pad when needed. They are perfect for when you don't want to carry dirty diapers in your bag or you don't have laundering services available e.g., plane rides, long car rides or when you are away on holidays. I was looking for a pocket diaper with that option before and they are the only ones that currently offer this option.
Thanks so much for the prayers that have been offered up for her! The family appreciates every one and we are convinced that it was the power of prayer that has helped to ease her way in the battle she is facing and for the survival of so many others!
Before moving to FAU, Moore spent two seasons (2004-06) as an assistant coach at Redlands Community College in El Reno, Okla. During his two-year stint, the Cougars posted a 50-10 overall record, and they were the regional championship runner-up in 2005. He helped coach four student-athletes to junior college All-America honors, while Redlands posted the top grade point average (3.43) in the nation.
Other food throughout the day: one large Starbucks coffee, black, no sweetener
We awoke back at our hotel in Cusco after yesterday’s ride (again courtesy of PeruRail) from Aguas Calientes to the outskirts of Cusco and a late-night taxi ride (again courtesy of Raul, our driver from the Sacred Valley tour) to Tika Wasi, our accommodations of choice in Cusco.
11.15pm
Here again the addition of just one word “corrupt” to the question puts a different perspective on how any perjury charge regarding this might go. Let’s assume, for hypothetical purposes only, that the NotW did make payments to police officers (as indeed Rebekah Brooks, former editor of the NotW confirmed to Parliament in 2003). The NotW has over the years worked closely with the police, often providing them with details of their investigations exposing criminality in others. In return, for the purposes of this example, grateful police officers might have provided information to the NotW and been thanked by way of a financial gift. The NotW, in such hypothetical circumstances, might consider these officers to be fine and up-standing members of the force, assisting the NotW in bringing news of wrongdoing to the public’s attention, whilst not compromising criminal processes. These officers, in this example, would not be seen by the NotW as corrupt. This is despite the fact that it is illegal for an officer to receive payments in such circumstances, and, on one view, receipt of such a payment would render them, in law “corrupt”. But if Mr Coulson was aware of payments to officers, his belief, whilst legally wrong, that they were not corrupt, would mean that his answer would not be a wilful evasion.
*Sprinkle dough with zest/sugar mix and cinnamon.
Mr. Obama said at a town hall meeting where he was taking questions Friday morning that he was willing to agree to “historic” spending cuts in an effort to trim the nation’s budget deficit, and urged Congressional factions to come together and reach a deal. He said it was not conceivable that the United States would default on its debt.
"It is true that their work involves spying but it does not mean that they must not respect people.
Daddy and I have decided to start several traditions to honor you at Christmas each year. We let Caleb and Joel pick something from World Vision to use your Christmas money toward. This year Joel chose to buy 5 ducks for a family, and Caleb chose to help orphans. Your brothers talk about you often -- every day -- and ask about Heaven a lot. They both miss you terribly and looks forward to seeing you again one day. As a family we are also giving money to a missionary couple in Indai who work with slum children and to Samaritan's Purse Children's Heart Project which raises money to fly a child and 1 parent to the U.S. for life-saving heart surgery.
On to Monday morning at the OB's office. Still feeling fine and only minimal spotting (all of this was only when I wiped) no aches, pains, cramping etc. They took us in and said ... "okay, everything looks great! We'll get the doppler out, find a heart beat and go from there." Cold, and nervous they squirted the jelly on my belly and began. With my eyes closed and hand clenched around Charles' I prayed and prayed "Lord, give us a heart beat, a strong, strong heart beat. Put our minds and hearts at ease and get us out of here!" Well, the midwife said... "yeahhh probably that uterus" no worries, we'll getcha an ultrasound!" She had us wait in the waiting room where I began crying... remember, we had prayed for a heartbeat. We wanted God to show us that first thing so we would have our minds at ease... ultrasound was next, and almost last resort.
News arrives of a brothel in Switzerland that was burned to the ground after its owner lit a barbecue for his guests. It’s a timely warning for anyone running a business in the hospitality industry. Trying too hard to please the customer by offering services outside your area of expertise often ends in disaster. We’ve never been tempted to make call girls a part of the safari experience in Africa. Humans with sex on the brain are prone to rash acts in the presence of wild animals.
Keep aside to cool completely
– Few Florida Prison Inmates Getting Drug Treatment
- these people are even called assessors; who do they think they are? -
CERTAINTY/SECURITY
UbiSofts rival EAGames had 665 staff members internal and external working day in day out for years to deliver Star Wars The Old Republic. That is over twice as many staff at UbiSoft Quebec and that number did not include the voice actors.
Maison Akira was good in three areas - starter, dessert and attentive service. The two outliers were decor and the entree - if you and your guest don't put so much focus on ambience as part of the overall experience, you'd be fine - but as dining is a about the holistic experience for me, Maison Akira is not at the moment a place I would personally trek out to Pasadena to make an evening of. If I happen to be in the area already, then I may stop by for a drink and foie or dessert. And as for the sea bass - there is a similar dish on the regular tasting menu for $34 - again, at that price I would rather have a nice night out at a place like Beso or Osteria Mozza. We hadn't tried any of the other three entrees on the dineLA menu, they may be perfect, but we can't speak to it, that would be something for others to take a chance on!
I get that it’s tougher to convince teenagers to make healthy choices when they are working very hard to distinguish themselves from the adults in their lives. Not to mention they feel invincible so most aren’t worried about their health. But throwing up our collective hands and offering high school students cookies and french fries for every meal surely isn’t an option, either.
Know first thyself, thy heart, thy soul, thy mind
It will be up to us to turn the economy around, establish conditions for free and fair elections in two years' time, and to try and heal the country, now more deeply divided than ever.
Of course, when you are the sole owner of a football club that is losing several millions of pounds a year, for which you have to pick up the tab, falling on your sword is not as painful as it might sound. It might even be argued to be a blessed relief to walk away from the boos and taunts of a small group of fans in the club car park.
Snake gourd - 1 ( 4 cups when chopped )
want to vomit on you
The coop and the run have been built in 2 parts, this makes it easier to move about (which we intend to do from time to time) and it makes life easier for cleaning and repairing. We have decided to start small, just 3 chickens for now, and maybe later on down the line we'll get a few more.
I will post the proof when I get to my machine, but Sony took 4 years to fuck this up. The new release has the discs swapped: disc one is supposed to be the digital remaster, and disc two from analog. They are labeled as so too. Except, a blatant manufacturing error - on all copies I've been made aware of - has the wrong labels on the discs. The new release has #1 labeled digital but with the analog master. #2 is labeled analog but has the digital master.
One thing that I am not sure about in Asia is how the following affects the economy as a whole, though it is bad for individuals: nearly every family (mostly men) lost thousands of dollars by lending money to a friend. It is not customary to write things down in some countries as the oral contract supersedes all, but this is a common sense consideration to most in Europe or North America.
The colour (ahem)
Also, you may want to refresh the idea of cognitive dissonance which I described a while back in this post.
Affinity. I’ve always wondered in all those wargames when they describe the General model and they say something stupid like “he represents YOU in the battle.” I am an avid roleplayer, but I’ve never identified with any of my toy generals. And they’re nameless and could be anything. In this game, every caster has a story, a name, a background. However, you identify. People usually describe battles and when something affects the caster, or the caster does something, they say “me,” “I ran and cast Superiority.” It’s really interesting how that happens, specially since most players are guys, and at least half the warcasters in the game are female.
Are you ready for Valentines Day? We’re going simple & practical in my house this year. We are brimming over with cute stuffed toys & flowers die and I really really don’t need any chocolates lol. Deirdre is getting a new book for her Tag Jr. Hubby got Sunglasses he really wanted (early) and I got my hair cut (also early). We will do the cards though cause we love cards.
The tradition generally takes place on the 12th night or sometimes on the 17th January, known as old twelfth night.
Thanks for dropping by!!
For a limited time,
I am crafty. Well, I fake it well... and I'm pretty good at little kid crafts. It's the blessing of being a nanny. I have "pinned" more than enough holiday crafts on pinterest, and looked at a million and one "mommy blogs" for ideas... Thus, I think that I can claim I am quite crafty now.
Sell the idea within your work area
The Chipmunks, Chipettes and their caretaker Dave Sevelle (Jason Lee; “My Name is Earl”) embark on a trip of a lifetime aboard the Carnival Dream cruise ship. Seeking fun and excitement, the Chipmunks turn the luxury cruise liner into their own personal playground. But the ultimate vacation quickly becomes a disaster when the Chipmunks, Dave and Carnival cruise pelican mascot, who turns out to be the chipmunks’ old manager, Ian Hawke (David Cross; Megamind), accidentally fall overboard and find themselves ‘Chipwrecked’ on a remote island. Stuck in an unfamiliar territory, the six furry castaways are separated from Dave and must figure out a way to survive on their own for the first time in their lives.
For this post science has bet set aside in favor of the beauty of things we might not think of as beautiful. Spring is certainly the time for wildflowers but there are many other things happening in the forest as well. One of those is bud break, when leaves of every kind begin to unfurl. Sometimes emerging leaves can be every bit as beautiful as spring flowers and sometimes not, but beautiful or not, it is always interesting to see plants at this stage.
Cultural food stores are pretty sparsely distributed in Ontario, and are mainly concentrated in extremely large cities like Toronto, Ottawa, and in Asian-land (Markham and Scarborough). I attend university in a fairly tiny town and we only have one dinky Asian food market that sells frozen meats and very little produce and snacks.
Eye candy aside, I love this movie for a variety of reasons, which I believe count as artistic. First of all, again, I don't know shit about technical movie-making, but I do know that there are elements of this movie that tickle all my fancies. Lighting and color correspond to the narrator's experiences: the sharp brightness of his day job/life that gets progressively worse the further into Fight Club we go. The association of bright but deep colors with Tyler Durden, particularly red, which is associated with passion as well as rage: the two things that Fight Club awakens and encourages to the point of anarchy. The dizzying effects when Tyler and Marla have sex are the same effects used with some of the fight scenes, suggesting that these two things evoke very similar emotions.
What if we don't have enough time to train it.
To help launch the August release of my new picture book "Prairie Storms", written by Darcy Pattison and published by Sylvan Dell Publishing, I will be making available FREE coloring pages drawn by me! Each coloring page features a month with a scene which coordinates with a scene from the book. Just click the image, then either download the coloring page, or drag and drop it to your desk top. Be sure to print the image in a "landscape" format on your printer. The image size is 8.5" X 11". I would love to see your child's finished, colored page when they have finished coloring it.
13. Bojan Z Quartet - Ashes To Ashes (4:40)
Pup pics:
Admirable Theft Auto (GBA)
But, in an echo of President Obama’s 2008 election slogan, he promised Labour would deliver “change you can believe in”, by making modest plans and not “grandiose” election pledges which are broken later.
under, this is not a science fiction novel, nor is it dystopia. It's a thriller. It's meant to be something that could truly happen. The reasons behind Rex (Eli's father) doing his “experiment” were bogus and not really even explained - the planning behind it, the reasoning. The guy was obviously a space cadet, but even so, he must've thought he had some sort of good reason to do what he did. & if he really was just a nut job, why wasn't that explained? Small holes.
1/2 C whole wheat flour
(I used to miss my electric toothbrush, but I got a carrying case for it this time around.)
Cash Kendall Johnson
Before 2008, ‘human trafficking’ was not really an issue in my world. It was something I had heard of, something to do with prostitution and girls who had no choice – I mean I’d seen the Barclaycard style adverts campaigning for the fight against trafficking in persons. But I got a rude awakening from reading a book by Kevin Bales, called Disposable People . Charged with delivering a presentation for my MA on Human Trafficking, I was thrown into some new and shocking literature, exposing stories of people hidden from the surface of our world, treated like disobedient animals. Sitting in the LSE Library, I was only into the first chapter when the tears started flowing down my face over the story of a girl, enslaved in domestic servitude, having endured not just abusive, but torturous conditions. A girl I didn’t know but was one of who knows how many girls no-one would ever know. As far as problems go, this has been one I’ve been obsessed over since, a pet passion to raise the profile of slavery in this modern day form.
Sign up on this link and i will contact you, we currently offer rakeback on all the major networks including some of the rare ones.
Jaggy Nettle, one of the latest companies to emerge from the Scotland’s growing pool of textile talent, has launched a range of exclusive hand-printed Scottish cashmere jumpers inspired by classic book covers - and a new website.
I took my two fillets home and stuck them in the fridge, til I was ready to eat them – which really was based on how many nights my Thai green bean chicken would last (post on that next). So tonight, finally (!) I set out to make jerk salmon. However, during the day – I had been looking into peanut butter cookie recipes and trying to find one that had the promise to turn out as amazing as the chocolate chip cookie recipe, and I found one where the dough needed to rest, so I figured I would make up the dough while the rice was simmering away and the salmon was slowly cooking through in the pan.
($30) than the drugstore varieties but works better than anything else I've tried and takes very little product to work. (Shake the tube before opening, because the gel tends to separate a bit if it sits awhile.)
Always an enthusiast for IP as it is affected by real trade issues, the IPKat was unashamedly excited at the prospect of getting his paws on the TRIPS Regime of Antitrust and Undisclosed Information, by the eminent scholar and gentleman Nuno Pires de Carvalho.
This is what I pray.
The inconvenient truth today is that 1/3 of all food is thrown away.Because we produce to much! And big companys don’t care. As my granny did. My grannys goal was to be healthy on a healthy planet. With healthy kids. And grandkids. Big companys goals is……
A dear friend of mine is once again battling breast cancer. She found out only a few weeks ago and goes in for surgery tomorrow. I made her this card to let her know I'm thinking of her.
Erica and Mike Voolich I was able to ride down with them to the second
Last Saturday I taught yoga at the geriatric psych ward (in-patient) at Brooklyn Methodist Hospital. Part of my teacher training requires I do 10 hours of karma yoga, or donated instruction. Surprisingly, it has not been the easiest thing to set up. You say to an organization, “I would like to donate some yoga instruction” and they say “Great!,” and to paraphrase the first verse of the Yoga Sutras, “and now, the Red Tape.”
This is baby’s first outfit that he will wear, this is his take home outfit!!
That blanket to you is you to me the way you warm my heart.
First call out? REALLY? The first season was so random. Ebony was a gorgeous girl and all, but she was a miserable model to boot and really should have been cut here and saved us all the pain. So many things are wrong about this. She looks so masculine, its like a man in a bikini, the swimsuit is probably the worst of the week, she looks like shes about to wrip the bottom off, her eyes are uneven, her neck makes me uncomfortable and her face is vacant. It doesnt help that her body looks bizzare.
Gas stations and refineries
Can it therefore be extrapolated that a non-living thing is capable of consciousness? If something that is alive is not conscious, can something that is not alive can be conscious, for example a chair?
How we live our lives next week might be polar opposite to today. Humanity and all life is synchronizing with the whole, the ONE. Why? . . . because we are going through this dimensional gate together. Everybody needs to be at the same frequency, on the same bandwidth, on the same page, etc…
What to do?
The Gen Y ideal of making our dreams a reality NOW is just that: an ideal. It’s not perfect, and it’s an ideal that does NOT work for everyone. Matt Cheuvront wrote a fantastic post (my favourite of his, by far.. actually, to give Matt due credit, he sparked the inspiration for me to write this post, so thank you to you, good sir!) – Breaking Away From Generation Now. It’s about how Gen Y is the generation that is all about the now now now. Impatient for our dreams to come true NOW, or even.. well.. yesterday. He outlined it quite nicely like so:
with His Holy Spirit,
her in her wedding dress and without it. Then the first time we met in the
YDS: What would you like to say to the powers that be regarding your feelings on these teachers that may end up getting pay cuts?
It has been about 3 hours since my training this morning. Back and legs are really starting to feel it now. Also got a nasty blister on my right foot and a few smaller ones on the same foot. Think is has more to do with brand new shoes mixed with getting off my lazy ass more than anything.
A friend of a friend had a sketchbook that was displayed as part of this small exhibit of, you guessed it, line drawings. If anything, the sketchbooks were the most interesting part of this exhibit: It's rare to see an artist's rough first thoughts given its own platform this way. Still, among the "official" works of art, there were some memorable ones, including an impressionistic landscape that seemed brought off simply by virtue of a few pencil smudges. Spare, minimalist—I like it!
2. Pittsburgh Steelers
If you have any books on my wishlist (left sidebar), let me know since I might also be willing to trade. I prefer PayPal as a method of payment, which requires a credit card. Anyone who can't do PayPal, send me an email (shadyglade(AT)mail(DOT)com) and we'll work something out.
The stretch of Broadway between Lincoln Center and 72nd Street never had much personality, but now it bears no resemblance whatsoever to, well, you know, Broadway. I once knew it well; I worked in Lincoln Center for a time. It was an unpretty and low-slung thoroughfare. But it had pizzerias, cute restaurants, a five and dime store of sorts, a florist or two and a scruffy post office.
I'm not going public with this, yet I am. How do you explain that? Well, only my "followers" will get a front row seat into our lives for a bit. The rest will have to catch up later. I've been hesitant to share this journey, yet I realized at church on Sunday where the minister was speaking about the fear of failure, that I really should be an open book on this road as well. Why not, I have every other journey I've been on. People have known about my adoration of my sons, yet my desire to parent a daughter as well. That is no secret. Heck, ALTERED DREAMS has all of my thoughts and feelings in it. I am the proverbial open book!
Ben Long excited answer, including vigorous head nodding
If your car doors kept getting dented by unconsiderate drivers or passenger of the car parking beside you. Take a picture of your "car neighbours". What you want to do to car owner/passenger is up to your imagination.
Name: MARTINEZ, RUBEN HERNANDEZ
Colin Matti
Alcohol By Volume: 9%
Beynac-et-cazenac is officially one of the most beautiful villages in France. The country maintains a list of such places, much like Australia has a list of tidy towns. To make the list in France means the village really is stunningly pretty.
But it's only there to dance to
Of course, the "piece" d'resistance of this show is Jimi Hendrix' penis as cast by Cynthia Plaster Caster. As rock lore has it, Jimi enjoyed being cast so much, he finished himself off with the gloppy mold. They'll also have a cast of Peaches' boobs, but who cares?
You can close me out all you want, but the ugly truth is your dull pain will still be there.
Using a comparative case-study approach, my study will compare nation-branding and public diplomacy via the Olympics in both the British and Chinese contexts. Through a review of data from stakeholders in government and non-governmental organizations directly involved in the planning of the Olympics, I hope to discover the differences and similarities between how nation-branding strategies are used in the prelude of the Olympics in London and Beijing to advance the public diplomacy goals of their respective nations.
As I mentioned in the previous post, my grandmother, Lola, lived to be 102 years old. We were so lucky that she lived in a nursing home close to us for the last 12 years of her life, so that we could see her often–even when she began to forget our names. When she came to live in the nursing home and when she died, my parents found my letters to her–she had saved them. That meant so much to me that she enjoyed our conversation from a distance.
Place beans in a slow cooker. Add the chicken broth, onions, garlic, and seasonings. Cover and cook on low heat for 7 hrs. or until beans are not quite tender. Add the chiles, chicken and sea salt., Cook for another hr. until beans are tender.
The second one was right on cue and sounded almost like an automatic response, along the lines of saying "bless you" when someone sneezes.
Ah, Colorado - the state with more microbreweries per capita than any other state in this great Union, and I'm currently trying to hit them all. The perks of being an outside salesman. I've been in Denver for just over 48 hours, and have hit no less than a half dozen beer destinations. It started Monday night after a long day of working and worrying whether or not I'd be wearing a wardrobe from Target all week. well, about 2 PM on said workday my luggage arrived at my hotel, putting an end to any worrying, and allowing me to concentrate on beer that evening.
Good evening from the Ballroom at Bonkers Hall. It is used for numerous functions throughout the year - that's a lot of balls - but surely none as glamorous as tonight's ceremony?
Pet Shop Boys West end girls UK
Friday evening, the kids and their mom and dad went to a preschool party. These two photos are from Mommy's blog: she reports that ViMae did a lot of fire-breathing, and Augie stayed in character all evening. No surprises there!
My first pitch to visit is a straight-up bribe: If you try the new supermarket in the Long Reach village center, you can get fried chicken before you shop.
When you sign this petition you give a voice to the voiceless. You offer your support to men and women who suffer from their childhoods. You provide an opportunity for healing, awareness and for your child and the child next door, prevention.
There is one event on the horizon though that definitely lets me know that summer is on its way and that is the Ferguson Farmer's Market.
It might be an compelling array of conflicting, yet harmonious, elements were the transitions not so jarring, the morals not so disgustingly black-and-white, and the judgment not so haughty. Casualties of War grounded its characters' sadism in an understanding for their predicament. It vigorously condemned the actions of the soldiers, but it could also at least see how they were driven to the point of feral madness. Redacted feels like an old man's rant about "kids these days," only the kids here murder a family in cold blood and set fire to a teenager after raping her. It just accepts the horror of the soldiers' actions as a foregone conclusion. Salazar blanches at the atrocity, but he also wants to reveal the truth in a way that will make his film project a hit; better to get back home and piece together a dynamite cut than get justice now. And all McCoy can do is feel bad, even up to his last moment on-screen, which openly mocks him.
Snow. And standing out in it.
For the first 10 people to @me on twitter will get the chance to judge either the catered cupcake or the storefront cupcake category for a $25 donation to the Wine and Food Foundation of Texas. It will be a blind tasting. You'll need to show up at at One-2-One Bar no later than 3:15 pm on August 1st to claim your spot. Please bring exact change ($25).
Trumpet - Jon Hassell
She wants to stop him before he executes his plan as he makes the game personal, mentally breaking her down.
(Alcoholics Anonymous, 4th ed., p. 173)
2. ‘What do I worry about’. If you were to list as many worries as possible, then this would be beneficial in converying to your teacher that you are complex. This is bound to ensure good marks are recieved.
The first one has been there for YEARS. Yes. Years people. It’s about five inches wide. It’s in afternoon and late afternoon sun which obviously is the worst for them.
8:46 - All the candidates are asked whether they "believe in birth control." The audience boos loudly. In a bizarre non sequitur, Gingrich says that no one in the media in 2008 asked Barack Obama why he supported "infanticide."
He’d show them. They’d see. Wayne’s name would be on their lips with respect by tomorrow. They’d see.
The motif forms the basis of certain ghost stories, such as M. R. James' "Number 13." In this story, an old Danish hotel, occupying what once was a medieval building, has a room 12 and a room 14 next to each other, the 13 omitted for superstitious reasons (as is common enough). Each is a large room with three windows at one end. Ah, but when night falls, a room 13 mysteriously appears between the two. 12 and 14 grow narrower and lose each a window to number 13. There are weird sounds and grotesque silhouettes to be seen opposite that particular room on the wall of an adjacent building where the light shines out through the hotel's windows onto the blank surface. I won't spoil the rest of the story, but medieval deviltry is involved. The point is, the old room appears and disappears in the presence of the Supernatural, and sometimes we mortals get caught in this netherworld and experience it too.
Could you be the one for me?
But that is the ultimate form of dishonesty, and its not fair to anybody, especially my friends who want nothing more than to be there for me. I convince myself that I’m doing them a favor by sparing them, but in actuality I am being the most selfish pig that I am capable of being.
Interesting, isn’t it, how some childhood experiences are permanently seared into our memory banks? One of my unforgettable memories is of watching my boyhood friend Bobby getting hit by a car. After church one Sunday morning, he and I were standing on the front steps talking. Why he decided to bolt into the street between two parked cars I’ll never know. But that is exactly what he did. As Bobby ran between the cars, his mother, who could see a car coming, screamed: “Stop! Bobby, Stop!” Whether he didn’t hear her or didn’t care I’m not sure. He just kept running. What haunts me to this day is the memory of the sound of screeching brakes and the thud of his body against the car’s fender. I need to tell you that I am tired of hearing the thud of fellow followers of Jesus getting hit by Satan. Like friends who thought that the most important thing in life was career advancement, only to hear the thud of the long-term damage to their kids and spouses. Or of those who sold out to the allure of an affair—or to the addictive seduction of porn—and are now left with the regrets of the collateral damage of their choices.
I would have thought not much of it, except she was rather more business-like with this young man who was much closer to her age and ‘hip’ looking, as far as I knew. When I stepped up we both smiled again, and her eyes widened and lit up a bit.
9. Skin eruptions: Rashes, bumps, acne, hives, and shingles. Anger produces outbreaks around the mouth and chin. I had a dermatitis on my extremities for several months that accompanied healing an episode from my past. When I had worked through most of the issue, the condition was released.
Now, I have never been fat like that – where people try to figure out the logistics of my sexual affairs.
DD#2, on the other hand, looked perfectly fine.
Rating 13
Staid professor Lissy McIntyre believes that choosing a mate should be based on common sense, not runaway passion. And Lissy would certainly never pick a rolling stone like Nick Richards for long-term love. But a red-hot, tropical romance? Oh, yeah. He’s got a body just made for sinning and his sizzling kisses leave her senseless.
This is Jen’s blog, yet another beautiful journey through life’s valleys and peaks. What strikes me about Jen is her openness, ability to forgive, her sense of peace, and there are times her writing hits me square between the eyes!
Life has it ups and downs. Just like a rollercoaster. Everyday can bring new challenges, new peaks and new valleys. We stand in line to start our day, just like we stand in line to ride a rollercoaster. When the day is over we end up, pretty much in the same place we started, just like when we get off a rollercoaster. What is crazy is a lot of us face our days like riding a roller coaster in reverse.
He just came back from a wander round the river bank that morning when Mrs Mukherjee gave him a piece of paper and said: Baba Shankar, we’ve heard from my son-in-law after all these time, he wrote to their house, and yesterday Pinto got the address from there. Can you read it for me please?
Ronald Freaking Reagan - He ain't around to save the country's butt this time +2 pts
Ellie and I stayed strong for Fritz all the way to the vet. He was a little angry about being back at the vet so after a sedative Ellie and I talked to him and rubbed his neck until they took him back for his shaving/catheter. We signed the memorial blanket they had laid out for him and told the vet assistant a few funny stories about our little guy. When they finally administered the drugs to him to stop his heart his vein burst and didn't allow the medicine to get to his heart. They had to do another line in a different leg but just the wait was so heartbreaking for Ellie and me. Nothing could have prepared me for that. As I was leaning down, petting him, telling him we loved him and looking into Fritz's eyes I watched the life we've known and loved for 14 years leave them.
Much of the show’s appeal rests on the shoulders of the eponymous Chihaya who ranks as my second-favorite shoujo heroine (ask me about Mikako Kouda sometime). And Chihaya is the the true jumping off point for today’s post. What’s interesting to me about Chihaya is not that she’s genki or that she’s a tomboy, because those things are apparent. No, what’s interesting is that she’s also—despite what Kana might think—feminine in her own way. Chihaya offers an interesting window into characters who inhabit their genders as indifferently as any human being, but are not defined by it. Comparing Chihaya’s teenage self to her younger self shows a girl slowly growing into a conscious woman while continuing to nurture a smothering obsession with karuta.
The nose is full of roasty, slightly burnt malt, with vague vapors of chocolate and coffee.
I had a million ideas of blog posts while I was away so I hope to have plenty to share with you over the upcoming weeks.
Recently I've reread this and I realized that I never shared this here. Blame! is probably the most famous cyberpunk manga among the internet community (my fair estimation) so this is for those few of you who haven't read it yet.
So we said, yeah, ok, why not? A free digital recording thingy! Great! More telly for the kids! (Woohoo!)
Estimated Price: $30 per paint can
There are so many songs that remind me of Jordan, But one in particular would be Godspeed by the dixie chicks, just everything about this song has me in tears, "Godspeed little man, sweet dreams little man, oh my love will fly to you each night on angels wings" those words right there are enough to explain why =)
Pretty simple and straight forward. Again I let the stripes and camo effect take centerstage.
Stella Müller-Madej tells in her book Through the Eyes of a Child that as Oskar Schindler walked along the rows of dirty, lice-ridden, emaciated women, he had a strange expression on his face, one of horror, pity and benevolence. One of the Schindler-women later recalled that on seeing him that morning she felt that ‘he was our father, he was our mother, he was our only faith. He never let us down.’
And may the new year bring renewed promise...
Frosting Ingredients:
After a 9-month tour with Miles Davis, Jimi checks himself into a Seattle rehab center. Rumors of his various addictions spread throughout the music industry and though he was peaking as a musician at the time his personal life had been filled with turmoil, drug abuse, divorces, and band break ups. A live album of his tour with Miles, Live Onyx, is released and reaches #5 on the charts. Various musicians, including Pete Townsend, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, Stevie Wonder, Frank Zappa, The Allman Brothers, and Buddy Miles, contact Jimi’s management to see if he is interested in recording with them once he is ready.
shot dead as they fled the sky
Kristoffer Nuyak Bajok
Neil, or Jonesy as he is more commonly known, from Boatyard Buses helped select it from many others I saw on samba.com This one appealled to him as it was one of only 40 from this year and model to be known to be still alive.
This is one of the stories told by Salya, the brother of Madri, who was tricked into being a charioteer to Karna, in order to discourage him.
Waylon Jennings
Identification with a synagogue and a rabbi
You also need to look at color options. Sherri Hill dresses come in all sorts of interesting colors that can be used to really make you the center of attention at your next formal event. Some of the colors are more traditional or understated, though. The main thing is to make sure that a color doesn't wash you out or bring out the flaws in your skin. Color can also be used to enhance your features and to make your best features really stand out.
I sat up, turned to my girlfriend and said: "The thing to remember is that even though the fact that someone as inept as Gary Canter is needed for the system to grow, which is a failure, the fact that the system can continue to thrive despite absorbing someone as inept as Gary Canter is a success."
The advent of digitization and online availability of records has made it a lot more like shooting fish in a barrel. A search engine, a name... BANG! Oh, look, another dead ancestor... no, two... three... But the number of records extant is finite. Sooner or later, all the fish in the barrel are gonna be floating belly-up. How long will it take? Another generation or two? When the barrel is passed on to your descendants, how much happy-dancing will there be when there's naught to do but dip out a couple thousand barcoded belly-up fish? How many of your descendants will be passionate about scanning the barcodes to look up those pedigree charts that you're so passionate about preserving? In fact, how many of your current, living relatives are passionate about it now?
I was shocked. It didn't say "Do it Yourself" at all. In fact, it confirmed, in that instant what happened that Thursday night as being completely real.
Good morning, all, and thank you for letting me vent yesterday. Now today, I'd like to hear from you, if you're feeling so inclined!
And then give an extra hug to someone today.
On the day of her first betrothal meeting–and rejection–Ai Ling discovers a power welling deep within her. She can reach into other people’s spirits, hear their thoughts, see their dreams…and that’s just the beginning.
My mother and I wallpapered the living room, side by side.
11But we have faith that we will get salvation through the grace of the Lord Jesus in the same way as they.
Not many of us physically write on our iPad or iPhone, nor, egad, by way of an app (right?), but there are a few nifty little iOS apps (applications) that I use to help my writing effort. The first set help me read, and the last keeps me on track.
Great atmosphere, tasty tea (also loose-leaf, but no egg timer here!), and lots of tiered cake platters for those who like the full Afternoon Tea. This is the place to come for a sense of occasion as well as just for a quick cuppa and a cake. They were turning people away because it was so full at one point, but we noticed that even those who couldn’t get in at first came back after half an hour or so – so they know how good the place is.
They think it is business as usual. We have sown the seeds of our destruction. This can be traced to one sole act in history. It happened in 1962 when the Warren Court officially kicked the God of the Bible outta here.
Renewing my mind is a lifelong process. Keeping my will and my spirit aligned so that my intellect, desires, emotions, and flesh stay under the Word of God means constantly pulling down strongholds and crucifying the flesh. Using the technique of “W.R.A.P.” thinking is crucial in this process. (Disregard the “W” in W.R.A.P.) I have to Recognize which of my thoughts are ungodly, and then Analyze how they line up (or do not line up) with the Word of God. Next, I have to Penalize ungodly thoughts using the Word of God, and change that line of thinking. Romans 12:2 tells us: “And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable and perfect will of God.”
She was born on a farm near Ballynure, in County Antrim, and in her childhood she lived a lifestyle so different from anything I never knew it might as well have been a hundred years earlier - though there were technical innovations, like the steam-thresher, or 'thrasher' as it was rendered in County Antrim dialect, for the oat crop. All the men came and helped on each others' farms when the thresher came, Catholics and Protestants alike.
@Barrie Summy
I know Volume 3 has been posted on the ElectricJive blog, but I am still posting it again. Although on principal I have no objections to removing noise from noisy, crackly or hissy analog recordings, I am inclined to be cautious when it comes to older recordings. And in my humble opinion some of the character of the originals has been lost in the version posted by ElectricJive.
Don't have a clue yet.
The context is one of current value: Did the Angels get more for their long-term investment in Albert Pujols than the Rangers got with Yu Darvish?
Shower curtain (but I have a plan in the works!)
so please know that i'm still reading. not quite as regularly, but i'm still there.
Any parent who becomes pregnant or impregnates his partner while on welfare or while behind on child support payments should be denied a procreation license and even required to undergo mandatory sterilization. If you can’t take care of the ones who have, you have not earned the PRIVILEGE to make more.
Cut to this morning.
Call me a sap, but I am a big sap for weddings, and when the person that is getting married is one of my dearest friend's well than I am a hot mess lol! My bestie has called me saying "don't you start" lol, meaning the crying business, because it is a big joke to see how long into the wedding it is before the waterworks flow! I am so beyond elated for them! We all just can't wait to share in there special day! The hubs was even totally o.k., with the crazy amount of money I spent on a dress ha! He said that I deserve it! That I deserve looking beautiful, having fun with my friends, getting my life back! He is the best thing that ever happened to me, besides my Kelcee and I am so glad Holli has found it too!!
I will serve God’s purposes in my own time, for I am worthy of eternal life in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Unfortunately I have watched with precision, amazement and horror as the Quadrangle has undergone a relentless decline. In 1974 I was the first person to complain that the provisions of the Quadrangle's agreement with George Walter Vincent Smith were not being honored. I have published seven articles criticizing the Quadrangle in various collection journals and have called for the elimination of taxpayer funding for the Quadrangle for at least fifteen years.
Whether it is pornography alcohol, drugs, or anything that enslaves you; the only way you will truly be set free is to acquire a new affection. The new affection must be greater than the one that enslaves you. To help understand this, I am riding the shoulders of the Scottish preacher Thomas Chalmers (1780-1847) and his sermon “The Expulsive Power of a New Affection.” Taken from the text 1 John 2:15, “Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him.”
You can actually implementing using an on the web application form that might be offered for the web pages of the dollars lenders. Is form is by and large no requirement and without charge. Grow it along with your authentic personal information, straight from your office or house. When the whole process of evidence ends, you can find a rapid approval. The given the nod total would get transmitted into your money inside of as much less as 24 hours. The web purchase of greenbacks helps make the paperwork zero. The client will not be out into almost any undesirable answering or fax of documents.
I hope you had a wonderful and peaceful weekend. I am still working on organizing my office I never knew it would be such a monstrous task! Nevertheless, I'm creating progress on an area of my home that most definitely needs it.
Palm Sunday always takes me back to when I was a little girl. Sundays always meant dinner at Grandma’s, but Palm Sunday was always a special occasion in the DePaasquale home in Newark, NJ.
The story begins when Ralston rides across a desert type setting aiming to cut 45 minutes off his journey. By chance he bumps into two female hikers Kristi (Kate Mara) and Megan (Amber Tamblyn) who claim that they are lost. Ralston deceives them pretending that he is a trail guide leading them through narrow canyons. They part company, the two women invite him to a party that evening doubting that he will attend.
this is the moment where you make a decision.
In a clean bowl, beat egg whites on high speed until they hold stiff peaks. Fold in about 1/3 of the egg whites to lighten the batter then gently fold in the remaining egg whites. Transfer batter to cupcake liners, filling each about 2/3 of the way full. Bake approximately twenty minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool about five minutes in the pan and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
I usually always have my camera in hand when we go. There's always an opportunity for a great photo of the littles. Here's my wee one with a friend of my oldest daughters. She rides as well. I have a feeling it won't be long and the wee one will be in the saddle. She's fearless.
3/4 cup fresh milk
'A truly competitive market would ensure that when energy companies pay less to supply energy, customers pay less.'
Oh, and let's say a word about that genie, Barani -- the
The only thing I’m having trouble with is positioning, which is why I suspect that everything in the design is getting thrown out – I think it could have something to do with the embedding of YouTube video that I had a go at as well. So easy to embed YouTube vids – I really am learning something, however small, every day doing this stuff.
Your talents might actually be things you enjoyed doing when you were
2. Hope I get an upgrade.
Black or White...it's about the balance.
of this wonderful new day
Preheat oven to 350. Blend shortening and sugars until smooth; add eggs and beat until light and fluffy. Add dry ingredients; mix well. Add oats and vanilla, then stir in chocolate chips. Bake 12 minutes on ungreased cookie sheet. Yield: about 8-9 dozen.
#103: Legally Blonde (the musical). Oh my gawwwd, oh my gawd, you guys! Great musical that was put on by an impressive MSU student cast. I laughed out loud more times that I can remember laughing at any recent show I’ve seen, and there was never a dull moment. Highlights included UPS Guy’s schmexy bass music, silly pop culture references (they definitely sneaked a Hunger Games book on stage), the fact that they made Bruiser a great dane and still managed to be adorable, and the actress who played Brooke Wyndham’s over-the-top performance.
3) Put the oats and dry fry for 3 mins. Turn the oats occasionally to make sure they cook evenly.
My weekend eating schedule goes kind of like this -
And perhaps not a major tragedy ?
she need not pout.
With our glasses raised to my sister, 2011s most special Angel ^i^ An angel that loved her abba songs!
“Kerri and Misty in general inspire us,” Rogers said. “We’ve talked about it a lot and said, ‘Hey, let’s just try and do what Misty and Kerri do.’ They’re just so much better than everyone else. Everyone else is catching up a little bit, but when they turn it on, no one comes close to them. On the men’s side, it’s not that way. I recognize that we’re not going to be 108-0; we’re going to lose a few tournaments. …So just to be within shouting distance of them, I look at that as, ‘Wow, that’s an accomplishment.’ They push us.”
TENERAL MAYFLY (above left)
Steve is doing well, though, so yay for him!
This week’s Gem is brought to you by @MaryLD who sent me this fantastic link: The Craftsy Block of the Month. I’ve been hearing about Craftsy for a long time but never delved into it. Visualise me at the top of a slippery precipice if you will. I’m about to take that fateful step into the abyss, you can tell.
Article 15
¤ Transparency ¤ ”…..
Now.....amble on over to the CCEE Stampers Blog to see the other gingham creations from the rest of the team and how YOU can play right along with us.
I just discovered something really fun. It is a scrapbook software called MyMemories Suite. It is so easy-to-use that I made my first photo album in a matter of minutes! I simply drag-and-dropped my pictures right into these beautiful layouts. That was it! I had over 30 pages done before I knew it. I then tried creating my own pages from scratch, and that was fun too!
After losing so much weight, my sweet mother sent me a note saying, “don’t let it get to your head.” At first I thought she was suggesting that I was being prideful, or bragging about my success. Then I realized that what she really meant was to stay humble and not forget where my success had come from. She wanted to make sure that I wasn’t getting lazy because things were going so well, or to slack off in a false sense of security. She has a very good point.
Author unknown.
4 Harry Potter series – JK Rowling
This is a state of emergency.
Did you know it is co-created by the creator of “The Family Guy”? It’s true, and it becomes obvious shortly after you begin watching it. The jokes are over the top one minute and subtle the next. Some episodes are raunchy, some are crude, and some almost bare a sort of twisted message. They are all, however, delightfully sardonic and insanely unbelievable. The short and funny jokes will appeal very quickly, and the wild antics and crazy plots will make you stay.
April 19, 2006
It appears St. Patrick's Day has fallen to cultural Marxism, and that it has less to do with St. Patrick, Catholicism, Christianity, or the Irish than ever before in history. So maybe it's just as well that St. Patrick's Day parades seem to be fewer and farther between in the United States. The day will become increasingly irrelevant as Third World cultures demand to be front and center in any kind of public event, and they are happily obliged by our disloyal ''officials'' who miss no opportunity to fawn over 'diversity.'
7. Right now I am... anxious to start checking off my to do list for today!
A couple of hours later I was feeling a bit peckish again. Dinner 2 was a taco scramble- eggs, ground beef, onions, tomato and a bit of cheese. Yum!
In the Court's view, this difference in approach inevitably leads to the EPO being more of a ‘coarse filter' with something of a ‘benefit of the doubt' given to the patentee. Once a patent has been granted by the EPO and survived any opposition, the ultimate arbiter of its validity in any designated Contracting State is the national court system of that Contracting State deciding the case using its own fact finding procedures.
So after that fun experiment, we decided to see if there were any materials that my special eyesight couldn’t penetrate. I already knew I could see through wood and bathroom doors, so we tried to see if I could see Lindsay when she was on the school’s second story while I was on the first (I could), and if I could still see her if she was on the third story while I stayed on the first (I could).
actually, not simply stared,
I carry for you the light of forever. And the candle of hope for all things. For all things are of hope. And hope is your destiny.
Only resolute and urgent action will avert it even now. Whether there will be the public will to demand and obtain that action, I do not know. All I know is that to see, and not to speak, would be the great betrayal.
If you are wondering what cryogen paper is. It is a good quality paper to use with your copics and it has little tiny sparkles in the paper.
I have three novels in progress, and visions of having one of them published this year. My mind is filled with ideas for blog posts, and of course, those book reviews won’t write themselves.
moved he was. Without embarrassment, tears
With a city surrounded on all sides by corn fields, maybe it’s a good time to speculate on some impending sprawl and buy up some rural land sites.
Carrot 1
Nothing against either the fine character of Ms. Hill, nor the acting chops of Ms. Smulders, but in a movie that was already stuffed with leading actors, the decision to include an actress from a CBS sitcom to be Fury’s right hand woman on board the Helicarrier just seemed … curious, let’s say.
There’s a new term that has entered the medical lexicon. The word is wellness. Hospitals and medical offices are incorporating this term into their mission statements, corporate names, business cards, medical conferences and other marketing materials. The Cleveland Clinic Foundation has appointed a Chief Wellness Officer, an intriguing fluffy title that does not clearly denote this individual’s role and function. This is deliberate, as the word wellness is designed to communicate a ‘feel good’ emotion, not a specific medical service.
"'Risk Management' is the art and science of thinking about what could go wrong, and what should be done to mitigate those risks in a cost-effective manner.
that Astraeus must be tired
Coop/Charlotte: Coop is spending every minute taking care of a recovering Erica, to his own exhausted detriment and Charlotte’s chagrin. When she hires a night nurse so he can get some rest (and come home), he bites her head off. His good friend (remember?) Violet advises that he’s so busy tiptoeing around Mason and Erica that he’s taking out his emotions on his wife. So Coop comes home, apologizes, refers to Charlotte as his rock (I said it first!), and the two have some button-ripping make-up sex. I love a healthy couple!
Divide the dough in half, and on a floured surface, roll each half out into a 9" circle.
I've included a link to my blog where I recently blogged about my jewelry storage/organization/show off system. I hope you like it!
Respect the Man in the Office? No, I am sorry to say.
Woo, what a week! This week I’ll get to see the FULL episode of the show, and it’ll air by the weekend, I do believe! Dates and times to come! We’re also going to be taping some of Episode 2. Man, this is just too much fun.
And I'm just trying to figure out what exactly it could be that John Lewis sell that would be big enough to require a box yet be pocket-money price.
In about an hour when Ryan gets home we are going to go workout again. If it rains, maybe we can just take Ella to my grandma’s and work out at the park next to her house. We won’t melt. As long as there isn’t lightning, we can do our workout.
SST is solely for personal time travel. It does not affect those around you, unless they invoke it in solidarity. SST only advances time. It cannot be used to go back in time to take back things you have said or done. SST terminates naturally when you go to sleep. It does not effect the time, but rather the date, and can be notated as 2/28/12 SST, should you decide to share with others that you have chosen to time travel to keep from stabbing people.
by Timothy C. Barmann
See you in 2012~~
So now it's your turn ! :-) Happy Crafting !!
Did the new adventure start when I drove to a neighbouring town?
My son gave me this HP Touchpad for Christmas. It is a really cool gadget. It allows me to go on the internet so I use it in the kitchen to view my allrecipes.com recipes to cook from. It saves trees by not printing out the recipes.
Did you even bother to ask yourself that question, or was it purely secondary to making a name for yourself?
Debbie
June 15 Ft Lauderdale, FL BankAtlantic Center
you lost ?
Old news by now, I know. Dale's Pale Ale is now available in Austin and around TX. We picked up a six pack at Central Market on 38th and Lamar for $8.99.
The problem with young people today is that they don’t know how to write.
Another beautiful week has just gone by, with a little bit of rain here & there otherwise lovely blue skys. Still no more Swallows but lots of Cuckoos. I've even managed to sew some broad beans & altho they'll be late I'll still have some ;) I was givena couple of tiny spare tomato & mange tout plants & found some self seeded rocket from last yr so the greenhouse is filling up (!)
Hey guys! I am so happy to be over here today :) and am excited to offer all you bloggers, shop owners, social media gurus, you get the idea? a little treat!
When you Shop Online, you will choose the item (or items) that you would like, one at a time, and add them to your cart.
Featuring performances from audience favorites and Quotidian mainstays Steve Beall (Shining City, The Seafarer, Port Authority, The Mollusc), David Dubov (Dancing at Lughnasa, The Cherry Orchard, The Seafarer, The Trip to Bountiful, Captain Drew on Leave), and Laura Russell (Dancing at Lughnasa, Shining City, The Cherry Orchard, The Trip to Bountiful, Dublin Carol, The Mollusc).
And I decided that even if there is nothing inside me
2 mining
This is really a conscious incompetence thing, which I could not do without having chosen to be positive rather than negative. It seems everything is coming together.
OG=1.050@70F
So, what can work as far as conflict resolution between siblings?
T and I did a bit of baby shopping after that. I was hoping to find a baby sling of some sort that I like better than the three I already own, but I didn't find anything. I'm also wondering where women buy their pumping supplies in this damn country, because I can't find the last few things I need, and don't feel like ordering them online (which I'm now going to be forced to do). We went to lunch after that, which was really nice. We don't get out much, and my sister had offered to babysit so we could go to our appointment without Miss M. It was her naptime, anyway, so it all worked out well. It was nice to sit and chat with T. without any interruptions, and have a real grownup conversation. Plus, the food was great!
(And speaking of worldly, Stoneleigh is switching over to the much-lauded IB diploma program next year – very exciting stuff! I plan to keep tabs on their progress, as I suspect their academic program is only going to get stronger as a result of the change.)
Twenty minutes later, Joe texted me. "Is Jackson grounded from video games?"
Ten O'Clock by The Malarians
Blossom among Hoes
1 tsp. minced garlic
color across the stark white walls. It was a calm room to be in after dealing
Debt Offering 14
Watching a movie w/Jaime, let me know when you’re back online ..
2) I used a flat, angled brush to fill in the paint.
Overall: My expectations were for a lighter book so I was disappointed in this heavier story despite its excellent writing and deep themes.
Read 100 books a year.
So happy that spring has finally arrive here in Alberta as well! We have had a lot of rain the past couple of days but it's supposed to be nice for a couple more!! Hope you have a chance to play along with us this week for your chance to win a 7 digis prize pack from Bugaboo!
Check into the value of all the stocks you want to invest into, rather than the cost of it. Are you looking to invest long term? If the price appears to be lower than you would expect, do your homework prior to purchase, to make sure that it’s actually a worthwhile investment. Never put money into even an inexpensive stock without first researching it.
Your friends know women that you haven’t met - sisters, cousins, etc. Ask them to introduce you to them. But, big brother, do avoid blind dates. Those things hardly ever work out and you can spend a lot of money for a very uncomfortable evening.
January 1, 2012 the whole world will really get to experience the magic that goes on in Brooklyn facility.
I have talked many times of my love of beer and how it started. Over the past few years, my love and passion for beer has increased to a level I never thought it would. I'm past the point of just talking and blogging about it. I want to live it.
In a mere stare
Seriously? If you are worried about the "aesthetics" of Dewey Square - THEN GET OUT & TAKE YOUR SHIT WITH YOU!
Let me give you an example of this. You have anti-X model on the table. It will be deployed straight ahead of your opponent’s X models. Every single time. Now, depending on the scenario, your anti-X model might seem to work better someplace else due to some of its other rules and abilities. So now you have to make a choice based on scenario. Choice is good.
Because that’s what you are:
Venter briefly searched the house and came across the women’s two dogs, locked into a room. He then rushed back to the women and tried to make them more comfortable while waiting for the emergency service he’d alerted, to arrive. While doing this Mrs Alice Lotter told him that it was Joseph, the gardener, who had ‘hurt them’. She also told Captain Venter that Joseph’s personal details were kept inside her passport, which was on the dining table. She didn’t speak anything else after that and died shortly thereafter at the hospital.
Lagunitas Brewing Company Brown Shugga'
Michael Schneider (TVGuide.com), who broke the story, warns not to get hopes up.
✈ Which category do you place these "Island" facts?
* You can slim or define your nose by adding a light shading of bronzer down either side of the nose or define the jawline by shading bronzer around the edges of the jawline and blending to remove obvious lines.
After looking and pondering and consulting with some IRL quilters I think that I will be quilting this one in a largeish all over meander with special attention to the hearts. I will likely echo quilt a couple of times around those and nestle them into the rest of the meander.
With the bishops now getting involved, the stakes are high. The Girl Scouts estimate that one-fourth of their 2.3 million youth members are Catholic, and any significant exodus would be a blow given that membership already is down from a peak of more than 3 million several decades ago.
3) Brown Thomas Style Workshops. My next ones kick off this weekend (May 15/16) on Level 1. The theme? Summer Weekend Wear. It's all about looking sauvage without getting wet as a weasel on one of our trademark 'soft days'
Showing gratitude not only will make your partner want to please you, but it can make others like you better, too. Openly grateful people are seen as more generous and helpful by friends and family. Who wouldn’t like that?
Roberta is the standby for Elphaba in the German production of Wicked: Die Hexen von Oz. I think she's awesome because she speaks 3 languages, her native Italian, German, and English. (Dude, what is it with Europeans and their amazing abilities to speak more than just their native languages? Gosh, we're so lame in America. We only speak American. Anyhow.) That's some serious talent. Plus her voice is quite excellent. =D
I think that's how I would be if I went to a blogging conference. Haha
1 cup grated bottle gourd
Tattoos on their cheeks, jasmines in their hair, some
Solution: Comprehensive Exit Strategy: Plan to identify the current value of the business, quickly enhance the value, develop a marketing plan to identify either internal or external prospective buyers, and get the best price for the business.
It is set on an aircraft carrier. Does this bring a snappy graphic cover image to your mind? No, me neither. (I see the Americans wisely went with a wreath floating in the water instead.) Racking my brains, I proposed an American navy cap. She told me to ring up someone in the American Embassy and insist on getting written permission to use this image. (Remember, this is all in the days before the internet, email, wikipedia, Google images...)
numb
New York.
The narrative of Papaya is somewhat more environmentally conscious when compared to other cannibal-related films, similar to Bruno Mattei's Zombie Creeping Flesh/Virus (1980), it deals with the exploitation of the Third World. Though, this plot device becomes largely forgotten about in true D'Amato style by the unnecessary scenes of nudity and/or accompanying violence. Although, in this instance the latter is severely lacking, save for the gratuitous pig gutting and Voodoo sacrifice sequences. I would assume that this film got marketed as a cannibal film purely to piggy back on the success of the then-recently emerging 'cannibal-boom', since the it only has roughly 2 scenes of actual cannibalism.
Today Cody and I took the boys to Antioch church. It was our first time there and we loved it. It was so incredible to be in a room full of young people worshiping God. I don't think you could have been there and not felt God's presence. We love our home church High Point, but I think we will definitely be visiting Antioch again. The boys went to the childrens area which was great in itself. I think they both really liked it. Cameron seemed full of happiness when we picked him up-and Caden was just plain full of it! :)
In the future, only one rule will matter:
That will indeed be a shock to many. They, like the Pharisee of old think that all is well for they are keen in their religion. Saul was a Pharisee and very keenly religious. He truly was right in the sight of men. His religious leaders could not praise him enough. But then he met the Lord. Fortunately, he did it before the judgment.
4.) Zipping around SLC in my ride (which is NOT as cool as it sounds), running errands, and following a VERY old man in his PT Cruiser. He had a simple, one-word sticker in his back window: Boobies.
I think designing a printer paper sized Illuminated Letter that uses your initial and a minimum of five images or symbols that tell about you is a great back to school lesson. Students can use a variety of media from marker to colored pencil to collage. You can get a good sense of where a students artistic level is from open ended projects like these. How are they doing with composition? With proportion? Using a chosen material. What is their grasp of color theory or shading
This hardback book is a compilation of the first three Malory Towers books, one that I read many a time during my childhood. There was something magical to me about the escapism of boarding school stories. I loved being at school (the nerdiness started young) and thought that eating meals, being at school after the sun went down and then sleeping there with all of my friends would be fabulous. Now I'm a bit older and wiser I can see that boarding school would likely not have been all it was cracked up to be in my head but if I'm going to be stuck on a desert island, I figure escapism to a magical place of my childhood might be just what the doctor ordered.
The theme is so broad this month, that I'm sure it will cater to all styles. :)
And, silent still, I'll onward wind
It felt like this sketch could have been written months ago, and SNL was just waiting for everyone besides Romney to drop out before airing it. Humorously keen observations were made about each candidate. The digs at Rick Perry’s propensity for gaffes in this sketch were the best digs at him all season. B+
Frazier LM, Golbeck AL, Lipscomb L. Medically recommended cessation of employment among pregnant women in Georgia. Obstet Gynecol 2001; 97: 971-975.
We are taking a holistic approach to create safe access to formal savings products by focusing on market research and product design, creating a marketing strategy and financial literacy program, using front-end technologies capable of enabling field-based transactions, and building institutional capacity.
This is my layout, full of Slice cutouts!
If the Panthers didn’t necessarily advocate violence they didn’t discourage it either. Fight fire with fire. They had members and supporters killed by the police and the police also lost numbers. Their revolutionary rhetoric and their military styling, in berets and shades, openly carrying guns and rifles was deliberately provocative. Director of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover, claimed “The Black Panther Party, without question, represents the greatest threat to internal security of the country.” All of which obscured their efforts in securing medical care, education and food for the oppressed and poor. In 1969 their Free Breakfast for School Children was launched where Panthers, as the program suggests, fed local poor kids before school. This program grew nationally and at one point reached 10,000 children every day. Their own schooling methods looked interesting too as kids sung about joining in the struggle, fighting for liberation, picking up guns, all to the tune of “Land of a Thousand Dances”. “Oh yeah!”
that goes in (depression between bumps) - cut towards the middle but you want to leave a significant amount of space in the middle. The first one I did 1 inch, 2nd a little more, and 3rd one even more - but not so that it would break apart..... I also used 1/4 of a yellow post it note and cut along the long edge about 1/8" strips, but leaving about 1/4" edge along the top edge - to make a fringe.
Ever since I started reading his blog, I've noticed that I'm usually in agreement with his topics, Donruss being no exception.
As for the color red?
"Atheists tend to think independently and will not conform to authority." Both quotes from The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins.
His element is so fine
If you leave a comment on all the blogs both days your name will be entered into the Random drawing twice. The random winner will receive a $25 gift card from their choice of Michaels or Joanns.
There were four of them, three males and a female. The female was the alpha, she would strike first while the males blocked the prey from escaping. She crouched low her muscled coiled tight ready to lunge. She moved with stealth through the under brush staying down wind from her prey. Turning her ears she could hear her brothers taking their positions. She scented the air drinking in the smell of sweat coming off the creature. She could also smell the musky excitement of her brothers. The combination was a tantalizing aroma making her mouth water.
“And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.”
Funny this ain't it? I go to help someone and get a smack in me chops for a little act of quite random kindness?! It’s always strange to me, the way that humans treat other humans?
Also I'm sure many of you are aware of "dubstep" at the moment. Dub is of course the root word however much like other genres, it was essentially hijacked by that wub wub wobble wobble crap. I may post a legit dubstep album later, still thinking.
My mission today is to get my mantle cleared and ready for my shopping trip tomorrow.
The Furry Ties That Bind. A beautiful post that reflects on what it is that makes us dog people, tracing the deep connection that children often feel with dogs. (City Dog/Country Dog)
and of course the mother of all fights
Of course, Republicans don't want to admit there is very little difference between Romney and W., and they especially won't admit Romney is far more left than Bush was. None the less, they don't want Bush popping his goofy little smirk into this year's race to recall all those things that sent us down this dangerous road which includes the bailouts. That's right, Bush was responsible for the first bank bailouts. Did you forget?
As to the matter of the cancellation of the TLAs, respondents submit that the same cannot be done by the State without due process of law. Once issued, a TLA remains effective for a certain period of time — usually for twenty-five (25) years. During its effectivity, the same can neither be revised nor cancelled unless the holder has been found, after due notice and hearing, to have violated the terms of the agreement or other forestry laws and regulations. Petitioners’ proposition to have all the TLAs indiscriminately cancelled without the requisite hearing would be violative of the requirements of due process.
Of the four books above, three of 'em star and are named for characters created no later than 1964 by writers and artists other than the ones currently working on them, characters who are corporately owned. Of those three, the only one with a "created by" credit is Captain America and Hawkeye, and that credits Simon and Kirby for Captain America, while there's no credit assigned to Lee and Heck for Hawkeye.
So, why the orphans?
Two days later, I am splayed on the floor of the bathroom as my husband walks out the door to head to work. A brilliant combination of a likely sinus infection paired nicely with some sort of stomach ailment (either a flu or quite possibly taking those stupid horse pills on an empty stomach as the culprit) is how I find myself here. My husband has no choice but to leave, since there is an important meeting at work. I can tell by the sadness in his eyes that he hates to leave me this sick. "I will try to get home after the meeting in late afternoon so I can help with the kids." He kisses my forehead.
It was a list of reasons to homeschool, prepared eight years ago, in anticipation of our first homeschool registration visit from an Authorised Person. I thought I'd have a fight on my hands and wanted to have my ammunition ready. As it turned out, our AP was a lovely woman who enjoyed looking at the girls' artwork and the books in our bookcase and was perfectly content for us to homeschool. After she left, I put the manifesto on the school shelf and it's been there ever since.
To this day, Jools Holland has remained as a presenter of live TV music shows (although to a fair extent the audiences have aged with him), and his annual new year Hootenanny shows are now deeply entrenched in BBC culture. The broadcast is well known for providing some of the most watchable performances of the year from some of the truly important acts of the day, and indeed, in some cases, of all time.
The Opposite of Tidy tells the story of Junie, a 15 year old girl who's barely making it as it is. While her mother sleeps in the living room allowing the house to pile to the roof with trash, Junie finds herself keeping the secret of her at-home life away from everyone at school. Unfortunately, when she meets Wade Jaffre, a total hottie and the new guy at school, all that begins to change for Junie. Unbearably embarrassed by her living situation, Junie finds herself lying to Wade and involving her best friend in something that could easily blow out of proportion. Can Junie handle the consequences of lying?
William Johnston, 31, North Babylon, N.Y.
"Sixteen Tons" traditional
Hope your holiday weekend is filled with friends, family, love and joy. We'll be sharing some new end of year bundles and sales next week.
The Iron Lady
It was, I think, a Monday,
I inked the beautiful butterfly with 3 different shades of blue. The grass is die cut from green tissue paper. I die cut a coaster from Labels 16 Nestabilities for the base, covering the top with patterned paper and stamping this handmade stamp from yesterday's sneak peeked set Make Your Mark
This was made with Simplicity K2938 view B. I made this top last year in green paisley cotton but found it a bit tricky with the zip. Also the seams have been fraying slightly as I could only zig zag them. This top has been serged (wohoo!) so won't fray.
Modernized slavery with cherry pies
Places we went and people we saw: We basically just went to Awana and church. Without Hubby around, I am not so enthusiastic about taking all the kids out. While I might be used to handling them alone (with Tex's help, of course), without that "break" at the end of the day (Hubby usually puts them to bed and tells them a story), it is too tiring to go far from home.
The sky is white as clay, with no sun.
Let us blame the white man for everything!
Book #49: The Worst Hard Time I've had this about the Dust Bowl on my "to read" list for about 3 years, so when it was offered a free book in the Amazon Kindle Lending Library, I thought I should probably get around to reading it. I'm so glad I did--it was absolutely fascinating. I knew the basics that everyone knows about the Dust Bowl, but I didn't realize just how many times they got knocked down and got back up again. The writing was superb as well, it felt like your grandfather was telling you the story after dinner one night.
Through the vast and extremely helpful website, earthbagbuilding.com, I discovered that Green Desert Eco-Farm, near Canon City, Colorado, is having an earthbag "barn raising" this weekend, to build a shelter for their llamas. Since they're less than a four-hour drive from here, it was a no-brainer for me to participate in this. (It also works out nicely that this is my pre-birthday weekend and I get to take a little road trip.)
Georgia State power lifter
Inanity:
Remember also that formerly prostituted women are blocked from their entry into normal society on levels and in ways that are thoroughly alien to those who have not experienced them. They are, nevertheless, relentless. Even now, almost fourteen years after my own exit from prostitution, I still find myself confronted by these obstacles. Most recently, for example, I find myself job-seeking. After three years with the company my contract at work has run out and, for reasons related to the Irish recession, they cannot keep me on. So now I must explain, again, to any potential employer why it is that I am in the unusual position of having a university degree but no leaving certificate. I can hardly say: “I did not progress beyond more than a year of my second-level education because from fourteen onwards I was homeless and from fifteen onwards I was a prostitute, but I got my life together and returned to education as a twenty-four year old adult”. I can hardly say this – if I want the job.
The Company Man by Robert Jackson Bennett (Hachette Book Group – Orbit Books)
-In order to drastically reduce your grocery bill (think $30-50 a week) you have to stockpile and it takes time.
What does it mean? It means this person will experience happiness and success as a result of things pertaining to Jupiter, and Jupiter’s location in Libra and the 10th House. So for example he will be very happy and successful in religious, philosophical, or counseling (Jupiter) social roles (10th House) which involve the ability to relate well to the common person (Libra). You could also say that his sense of truthfulness and equity (Jupiter in Libra) is a very positive factor by which he can achieve success and happiness in life.
Which for a long dead organ
In the research Muir-Wood looked at a wide range of hazards, including tropical cyclones, thunder and hail storms, and wildfires as well as floods and hurricanes. He found from 1950 to 2005 there was no increase in the impact of disasters once growth was accounted for. For 1970-2005, however, he found a 2% annual increase which “corresponded with a period of rising global temperatures,” Muir-Wood was, however, careful to point out that almost all this increase could be accounted for by the exceptionally strong hurricane seasons in 2004 and 2005. There were also other more technical factors that could cause bias, such as exchange rates which meant that disasters hitting the US would appear to cost proportionately more in insurance payouts.
Sounds like: The Beach Boys-meets-The Shangri La’s, if they’d both been lo-fi and fronted by a girl who loves cannabis and cats. First single from their second album, ‘The Only Place’, has country influences as well and drops the lo-fi.
Someone planted a seed in me throughout my growing years, and those weren’t by accident but guided by God. Someone planted, someone watered, and someone harvested. Unlike gardening, I may not see the results from my work—if they flowered, or if the last frost before spring froze the buds off the tree. Things happen sometimes that make us question God’s ways or get angry or sad. The seeds of some may not take root…ever.
6.- Shag - Produced by Domingo
There is evidence that a strong mother-son bond prevents delinquency in adolescence. And though it has been long established that teenagers who have good communication with their parents are more likely to resist negative peer pressure, new research shows that it is a boy’s mother who is the most influential when it comes to risky behavior, not only with alcohol and drugs but also in preventing both early and unprotected sex.
So here's the deal, I'm posting these here and now to give you a little fun for the next few days while I'm frantically finishing my market prep, loading the u-haul, and hopping in the car for our 2-day trek to Kansas. Oh yeah Todo, we're comin' to Kansas. Actually, we're going through Kansas to the Missouri side of KC. :o) Even through all the work and sweat I'm starting to get very excited! WOOHOO!!!
Hope you can find someone or a pet to hug!
I remember going to a stake conference in the East many years ago. On the plane coming home, I felt that I had been a total failure. I felt I had not touched anyone for good. I was miserable with a sense of inadequacy.
312Love's victim then, though now a sainted maid:
First of all, I wouldn’t want him on my team,” Hardaway told a radio host in 2007. “You know, I hate gay people, so I let it be known. I don’t like gay people and I don’t like to be around gay people. I am homophobic. I don’t like it. It shouldn’t be in the world or in the United States.
Two Asian Dykes
Watching a sunset behind a lovely castle is definitely one of my favorite things to do. It was the perfect way to end a very good day. Tomorrow, we have a few more sights to see in Segovia before we make our way to Valencia, the Mediterranean, and (I desperately hope) warmth at last.
The original draft of the Anti-Klan Act of 1871 — passed at the urging of Republican president Ulysses S. Grant — made it a federal felony to “deprive any citizen of the United States of any arms or weapons he may have in his house or possession for the defense of his person, family, or property.” This section was deleted from the final bill only because it was deemed both beyond Congress’ authority and superfluous, inasmuch as the rights of citizenship included the right to bear arms.
I add barbecue sauce and mayonaise for extra taste, then fold the tortilla/burrito.
Aqua Markers
“I think a lot of our new players are finding it more difficult than what they thought it was going to be,” Pryor added. “You’ve got two areas in hockey which is skating ability and playing ability. Being a good skater does help a lot, if you’re a bad skater you’re never going to be a good hockey player but if you’re a good skater we can make you into a good hockey player.”
That's the awkward part about photoshoots in public places. :)
one else is there.
4. Inglourious Basterds
Salmon were brought in from the Pacific Ocean.
gallantly offering his services so you can see just
Last week, Fox and I decided to explore the Bellevue Arts Museum. It took a bit of arm twisting because I’m the real museum buff (Fox mostly likes museums more like the Police Museum or MOHAI). I love art museums. I was raised homeschooled, and my mom took me on a LOT of field trips to some really amazing museums, so art was one of my main influences growing up. If there was a Trivial Pursuit for French Impressionism, I would have been the world champion.
My card base is Basic Grey layered with White Cardstock then Forest Street Patterned Paper. The shadow layer is Fairland Street Patterned Paper. Over the patterned paper I wrapped white lace. The image was stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black on White Cardstock and colored in using copic markers. To embellish the card I added some red paper flowers with white buttons threaded with DMC White. I added some pine branches punched from Old Olive.
Other than that, we (I) didn’t see much of anything, but then that’s kind of the point. At day 1 there is no visible activity.
The truer you are to your own heart and soul and life itself, the more amazed you will be with reality. The more roads will be opened that you actually wanna walk and the more people will enter whom you actually belong with. And the more love you have, the easier it will all become. When you live true to your core, open and filled with love…I think you’ve finally found your path, your life, yourself.
My second card uses a favorite layout of mine (like the one above) and I promise to not use it so much in future posts! LOL Anyway, this card I've used the new wavy flag die to die cut many flags out of the new paper line by MME......Indie Chic Saffron. I've then arranged them to form a flower of sorts and added a big button from my stash. The sentiment is from the Flags and Tags set that can be found in the Lil' Inker Store HERE.
they were clucking in my ears,
There’s honestly so much great food at this event it’s hard to know where to start. The combination of items are just incredible. The food is imaginative, creative and tasty. Here’s a glimpse of some of the yumminess from the chefs:
* one yellow onion
Both print and web design are important to the growth of a business today but prioritising one over the other is dependent on your business needs. Newspapers and magazines have had to adjust their methods of doing business as the internet has increased in popularity but they have not disappeared. However, you now can find online versions of newspapers called advertorials.
* Two additional JustRite $100.00 Shopping sprees!
Then came the copy edits. A post-it-apocalypse of notes and comments. All of them good, and very impressive from a proofreading standpoint. I was awed by what the copy editor caught. Things like consistency of terms, spots where the voice didn’t sound right, unclear areas, etc. Several rounds of these, same as the regular edits.
“Please don’t, mister.” He pleaded, tears welling up in his brown eyes.
Now this is MAC Girl About Town, which makes the first photo look definitively red! It's not looking as awesome and bright here as it does irl, silly camera and early morning light and all. I'll have to work at getting an accurate photo that really captures how bright and eye-catching this shade is (which reminds me, yes I'm still failing at capturing OCC Liptar in Pageant and Sportsgirl Forever Young together D:)
‘There are no other rooms on that floor … have we counted right?
After that, I chanced a second autograph from Moi Dix Mois, and, being the very last person in that line, after I had made it through, I saw some of my friends taking photos with h.Naoto. I didn’t know this was allowed, but seeing as there was no line to hold up, why not? I caught my friend and Mr. Naoto just in time as his yawning signified is was time to be done with autographs. I got this photo snapped as a tribute to my first meeting with this amazing designer, and a promise that we will meet again in the world of fashion and music.
made by a company with the initials of Huskee.
It makes me happy.
Writer’s Note:This article will be written in the first person and a little different than most of the ones I write, as this health topic is one of the most familiar to me. I will use my personal experience in the article to highlight the symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment of endometriosis (endo). Some of the information I will share is deeply personal, but I hope the information given will encourage those experiencing similar symptoms to become aware and seek help.
I couldn’t have run this project without knowing the SDLC and how to manage a project. I later learned that my process of Project Management was actually called Waterfall these days and it’s what most people are doing.
Me: Gerardo, I want you to get a coffee mug and put a scoop of tokaji and strawberry in it.
“It's the Constitution,” Gowdy replied, citing the First Amendment which guarantees the “free exercise of religion.” Sebelius also agreed with Gowdy's statement that government could not “decide which religious beliefs are acceptable and not acceptable.” This, she acknowledged, is “part of our Constitution.”
Day one: Got up, prayed, blogged, felt really motivated, did everything well. I must say I was pleased with myself. Pride cometh...you know.
I know I promised to post some pictures for the 2 Love bracelets however without going to too much details, I had to return the 2nd love bracelet the same day I got it. All I can say, it didn't look as pristine that I would like to be due to the way they packaged the bracelet. In the box I found the 2 separate pieces and screwdriver without being protected whatsoever so you can imagine the condition of that poor Love hitting each other during the overnight trip.
Mrs van Niekerk was attacked at 23h00 in her house after the terrorists gained access by bending the burglar bars. At the time of the attack, her 4 year old grandson was in the house, but was asleep and unharmed. She was taking care of him since his mother was murdered 2 years ago.
On internet “Social Networking” sites young women present themselves as tarts and most say they “like getting drunk.” Their clothes and poses show them as anybody’s meat. They are imitating people on TV talent shows and think they will be spotted, and slappers who have made fortunes showing their silicon boobs. The main article in the Mirror of Friday the 14th of August was about Katie Price (Jordan)!
'Because it keeps it cool,' he replied. I asked him if he had any scientific evidence of that fact and he replied that the co-efficient of conductivity of pewter was higher than that of glass.
18. Current worry?
a town she has NEVER been able to leave……
"If you went over a large waterfall in a wayward raft, you would not have much control over where the water took you. However, you could hold on as tightly as possible, you could try to avoid the rocks and branches as they came flying at you, and you could recognize when it was appropriate to hold your breath as water came flying at your face. All of these things are important. You may now be facing a small crisis of some kind. Although you probably feel that you don't have any control, you do have an important measure of control. Stay alert, and you will do very well.''I know that my best bet in overcoming the insecurities that are bound to come from a divorce is the decision to choose to be happy. When rocks and branches come flying at me, I can do my best to duck or take a step back. And when I feel totally overwhelmed, I can take a few moments to hold my breath knowing that this will all pass.
Wired Vs Wireless in the Surveillance World
The weather has been crazy and unpredictable. It will be sunny and blue skies one minute and the next it is torrential downpours. You know the rain is bad when drivers is Oregon are driving super slow. And of course it only decides to open up and dump all the rain on me when I am transferring my suitcase from my car into the State Car or trying check into the hotel. It also makes driving a little more treacherous. Stupid rain!
Powdered Sugar:
We must know our starting point.
Gilbert
Phyllis Merrill was a missionary who served in Brazil and became a very good friend to Adelaide. She helped teach Adelaide English and spent the day interpreting for her as she went through the Logan Temple.
I also made a “coordinating” sign for a display of family wedding pictures (what a fun idea!)…
19. you've got the love- florence and the machine
“It wasn’t a shock … There had been a discussion that ratings were down and that something like this would happen. There had been previous years where discussions about me being eliminated from the show had happened and I had actually survived the chopping block before.”
I was all about quick and delicious this week!
In short, it’s focused entirely and exclusively on the “collision point” (to steal a phrase from Ralph Lauren – more on that later) of the two worlds in which I work; fashion and technology.
like a grandfather clock, chopping up the silence,
So good luck to me. May the works days be painfully, tediously slow until May, and please give me patience with my co-workers and the doctors, much energy through the end of the month, and the motivation to put an extraordinary effort into school. As an aside–the posts may be spotty to non-existent until May. That. Is. All.
"Overall, these new ground rules for inspections show a shift in emphasis from wellbeing issues, such as safeguarding children, community cohesion and healthy living, towards core academic standards."
THIRD COURSE
Where do we draw the line between creative meaning and the more base of our personal needs?
If a predator (like a dingo) pursues a kangaroo into the water, the 'roo can use its short arms to hold the dingo under the water until it drowns. Also, male 'roos really do box. They may be fighting over a female 'roo or 'practicing' by boxing with another male. Sometimes they lean back on their tails so they can kick the enemy in the stomach. These strangely graceful, yet comic creatures must have been a shock for newcomers to Tasmania in the 18th and 19th Centuries.
In a recent interview, Craig explained the necessary evil of advertising in moviemaking: ”We have relationships with a number of companies so that we can make this movie. The simple fact is that, without them, we couldn’t do it. It’s unfortunate but that’s how it is… This movie costs a lot of money to make, it costs as nearly as much again if not more to promote, so we go where we can. The great thing is that Bond is a drinker, he always has been, it’s part of who he is, rightly or wrongly, you can make your own judgment about it, having a beer is no bad thing, in the movie it just happens to be Heineken.”
I used to practice writing my autograph when I first learned cursive writing. I wanted it to be honed to perfection for that bright day in my future when I became famous. Famous for what, exactly, wasn’t as important to me as the embellished and flashy signature I’d be ready to write out for my adoring fans. (It did come in handy for signing cheques and important documents eventually, but hasn’t been useful for much else.)
The town has played reluctant host to groups of Travellers during past summers and tensions have risen as groups visited more frequently.
and frames capture
In 1915, during the early years of World War One, a ship packed with weapons exploded in the English Channel causing a mini tidal wave. Those witnessing the effects recalled the Krakatoa volcano, which erupted in 1883 causing a tidal wave that resulted in 36,000 deaths in the area. The accident in 1915 gave rise to the idea of deliberately generating such a phenomena by using underwater explosives and Project Seal was established.
Outside today the sun was shinning with warmth to soothe the most tested soul.
The Raymond Weil Geneve name was first heard of 40 years ago. There is one constant for Raymond Weil and that is quality. Reliability is built in to these watches, with quality workmanship and fine materials, but there are a few things you have to do, after the purchase. Raymond Weil watches are made to last…proper care will ensure that.
24. i’ll give you 10 bucks if you kiss me right now in front of my friend over there!
For over a year, party members have given needy families bags of rice and pasta, olive oil and clothes in cartons labeled: “I vote for Golden Dawn to clean up the place” and “For Athens to become Greek again”.
Here are a few other things I’ve observed at family picnics. What is always wrong with those kegs of beer? How come no matter how many times I pump that handle I still get nothing but foam? How come the first beer always tastes like crap, but the fifteenth one tastes like the finest dark ale from a world-renowned German brewery? I have something that’s been bothering me. How come every year, there are a least two hundred more screaming, rotten, and annoying children running all over the place? Either everybody’s breeding like rabbits, adoption is big this year, or neighborhood kids are wandering over looking for free soda.
The provisional 2011 schedule can be seen below:
Hi kids! I hope you all have gotten the AC up and running. Some of the AC units they installed in the Las Maravillas area have parts that are impossible to find around here. The water intake units that take the water from the pan to the pads (you will notice two half circle pieces made from hose/tubing if you have this type of unit) cannot be found at Home Depot or Raks.
Rel ground his teeth. Far more likely something would go wrong, even after he’d been right to the Court to hone his Clearsight. Twice. Both times, the Clearviewing had shown Van Raighan’s entry to the town, right through to his capture. It stopped, though, almost the moment that the guardsmen surrounded the master thief. Rel would be there, would have to do something. Clearsight never showed you your own part in events.
She started off by saying the government needed to get serious and engaged with the issues she had been dealing with. She said that the various government bodies said all the right things, but nothing ever actually happened. Be it the police, the local-body councils, central government, or the various government welfare agencies – they all talked a good fight and produced lovely discussion papers and reports, but never actually did anything or achieved concrete results. She was upset that there was so much that could be done, but it needed government to get actively engaged. Government needed to DO something.
What I did...
Simple. :P
There is hardly any of the gansta talk that marred the first book for me, though there is a bit too much about Twilight, which will surely date it? (And I'm a bit disappointed that Claire, Ty's love interest and a strong character in her own right, likes it so much!)
This is a fun project. The hardest part is peeling the wrappers off the candy canes. We used mini candy canes because they made the perfect lollipop size, but I am sure you could use the bigger size. This is a perfect project to do with your kids. Have fun and enjoy!
the sample-based music that's happening now stems straight
As time went on, the list of questions and curiosity grew and grew. I remember building up courage to ask my adoptive parents more about the adoption and more about my birth family every now and again. I liked to be reminded of the story sometimes just to try to make sense of it all in my head. It was when I reached the age of 11 or 12 and the beginning of adolescence that the real emotional roller coaster started. I got the feeling that my adoptive parents were not telling me the full story and asked to see my adoption papers.
Want to know her reaction? Her eyes got really big. Really, really big. And she said, “YUMMY!”
Under the front flap, an actual hard cover book with noticeably more than 12 pages is depicted. On the reverse, the book contained in the box is shown - mysteriously puffed out to appear as if it too is rich with pages. The book I received was 1mm in width. And that's being generous.
I am put in the position of reviewing a movie that I believe is a first class effort with material that I believe is hackneyed. The cast assembled for this film is top-notch with nearly every performance hitting the right notes. Leonardo DiCaprio gets a bad rap for allegedly bringing down the quality of Scorsese's recent output, but except for "Gangs", I think these films truly showcase how much of a better actor he has become. His performance is touching and haunting throughout, peaking during the moment when he discovers the bodies of his children. It is so wrenching to watch you would think the movie earned that emotion. Michelle Williams does a great job playing a figment of his imagination. Mark Ruffalo is as reliably good as he always is, as is Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, John Carroll Lynch and a hilarious Ted Levine. Even though Ben Kingsley is playing the type of role he can phone in at this point, he seems to be playing the role with a slight wink to the audience, as if fully aware of his typecasting.
5.Successor Of Death
”Burris incorrectly assumes that the entire 40 points in the measures of student learning will be derived from standardized state exams. But the use of value-added growth measures from state standardized exams need not take up more than 20% of the total teacher evaluation – and then only for a minority of teachers, those teaching English Language Arts and Mathematics, grades 4 through 8.”
You'll have your chance again
Further, your (Camilla’s) last email to me indicated that nobody else was performing these surgeries. Which is simply not true! The government of Burkina Faso has itself been funding free reconstructive surgeries for years now and close to 1000 women have benefited from this public health service. Private clinics also abound in Burkina Faso with emmigrants returning to Burkina Faso from as far away as Canada to undergo the reconstructive surgeries. Surely, if I could so easily access that information online a bit of research would have revealed it too.
Perhaps I should send this to her and let Ellen give her the gist:
I trust that they will give me honest feedback. I'm just not sure how honest, as they all know I walk a fine line between sanity and total nervous breakdown on any given day.
Another amazing A SMALL CHAT for you small space dwellers. This one feature the talented and sweet Jill Sorenson, owner of Marmalade Interiors and blog, Live.Like.You. As an interior designer, Jill has such a design eye and a real passion for creating impactful and comfortable spaces for clients. Enjoy her small chat below to hear about her design process, using color in small spaces, her launch of her decor line and how she ended up in the design industry. There are so many great tips here - enjoy them!
I even got the mower out tonight and started getting it ready. I will need a new battery and some regular maintenance stuff before she is ready but I think we are good to go.
But surely, interchangeables seem like a new idea right? Apparently not, Sessions, in his 1917 patent application, also posed the possibility of needles with separate tips and cables, recognising that being able to vary the cable length would be an advantage as the size of work knitted varies.
The Emotional Wreck. There’s a certain type of person (males, you’re mostly off the hook here) who thinks that car rides are the time to have Very Deep Conversations. Not long ago, I rode with a girl who I knew only semi-well for an hour long car ride. About ten minutes into the ride back, she turned to me and asked why I thought she was doing so poorly in a class. And then cried a little. And then started talking (tearfully) about how stressed out she was.
6.) You were naked during at least one outdoor rock festival in the 60’s
Hurt me
But the wind shifts the veil
I do not recall my first real tweet but I believe it was in August 2008. (A free Wow Bao treat for the first person to sift through all 20,000+ of mine to post the first in the comments. Must redeem in Chicago.)
I am super excited to announce my FIRST EXHIBITION !!
“It’s just that it’s so boooooring!”
The Thrifty Chicks was created in late 2008, when four friends decided that they needed a creative outlet for their thrift shopping expertise and their desire to “build a more robust reuse market.” With the pen names, Ms. Shopping Golightly, Ms. Gently Used, Ms. Goodie Wilhelmina, and Ms. Modern Mommie, these women write about shopping in a way that dispels the falsehoods of frugality.
I practice Ho’oponopono everyday especially at night. Sometimes I just do the cleansing generally but sometimes I specifically focus on a thing. When I dealt with my fear and anger, I specifically use Ho’oponopono to cleanse the relationship, the situation and myself that relate to fear and anger. Over the time, it has helped me reduce the intensity that fear and anger have towards me. It also help me to cleanse the unnecessary thoughts of anger and fear in this now moment (that I might now aware of it), so it would not emerge uncontrollably in my reality later.
I think that pretty much says it all. Having seen some pretty horrific images on TV, I can only imagine how much worse it must be to see it first hand.
To celebrate the Grand Opening of the South Edmonton Common store, (10185 13th Avenue NW) David's Bridal invites you to a night of entertainment, gifts, hors d'oeurves and a fashion show highlighting the best trends of 2012 this Thursday April 26th from 6-9 p.m. *Please RSVP to Edmonton@dbi.com* And now until April 30th customers can take advantage of a special introductory savings of $50-200 off all bridal gowns (certain exclusions apply) with an additional 10% off any headpiece, bra, veil or slip and $20 off all bridesmaid, party and prom dresses. Also, the first 300 customers who enter the store will get a $50 gift card towards a $299 minimum purchase that can also be used on White by Vera Wang styles. Such great deals!
The start of school.
Height: 5'
Dave Beech (Chelsea College of Art & Design)
This week we are considering common blessings that we can all experience, being both recipients and dispensers. The last two days we’ve considered the blessing of laughter and smiles. Today let’s consider a word that is not found in any standard translation of the Bible but I believe nevertheless is strongly suggested, the hug!
Ah, peace at last!! My gentle drive home from the hospital is in stark contrast to the week I have had. Busy doesn't cover it. But, at least I am free all weekend. I have great plans for tomorrow morning - I won't be surfacing until at least noon.
stay open about drawing
The Prius c (lower case, please) comes in four trim levels, called—wait for it—One, Two, Three and top-o’-the-line Four, which adds stuff like alloy wheels, fog lamps and “SofTex-trimmed” (???) heated front seats.
The Doctor is helpless, and even the Tardis faces destruction.
For work reasons, I ended up flying into Nashville around 9pm, and getting to the hotel by 9.30pm. By the time Elena and I had put away our staff and the likes, it was about 10pm and I still hadn’t really eaten. We decided to head to a bar in East Nashville and be home by midnight. This would leave us with 5hrs sleep – not ideal, but ok. Instead, thanks to a huge lack of taxis, we ended up not getting home until 1am, leaving us with just 4hrs of sleep. Definitely not okay. When we woke up we felt fine, but I am certain that it had some impact on my ability to run strong.
06 Seal My Fate
Of course, there are plenty of things in the story that make no sense, for instance the fact that it is so obvious that the Doctor is a dental patient and not the dentist. Particularly strange is the Doctor's attempt to prevent the shoot-out. If he knows it happens, why is he trying to change history? Perhaps he has grown weary of watching dreadful historical events unfold and feels like making an hopeless, but well meant attempt.
There, in the exotic Empire of Kelewan, he earned a new name--Milamber. He learned to tame the unnimagined powers that lay withing him. And he took his place in an ancient struggle against an evil Enemy older than
Whoever came up with that idea is a genius! My boys would LOVE that. I'm a mean mom and won't take them to Build a Bear because we can't have stuffies in our house due to our allergies.
Unibroue Trois Pistoles
I gave what I gave
No word deceitful shall I speak the while,
No card from me today, just a quick note to let you know that for the next two days the Whimsy Stamps Design Team is showing projects made with the soon to be released Elisabeth Bell Cottage Cuties stamps. And then on Wednesday we are having a blog hop to celebrate the new released.
Things are back to “normal” in a sense, but “normal” now means lights and escalators are turned off, aftershocks still make us jump out of our skins, some things are not available. We can’t get blue cheese, of all things, so naturally I’m drooling for blue cheese salad dressing. Our biggest worry is summer. We’re all right now, but when the worst of the summer heat and humidity kicks in, are we going to be able to use our air conditioners? It doesn’t seem right to be whining about that. There are still thousands living in shelters. Government agencies are building temporary housing, but mostly in places nobody wants to live, and many don’t have running water. Donation money is not getting distributed, or is distributed weirdly. If you lost a relative, you get this much. If you lost your house, you get this much. If your house was only damaged, you get this much. Plus much documentation got washed away along with the government buildings that housed it, so people can’t prove where they lived or what they had. The drama plays out in unexpected ways.
-Bake in the oven for 12 minutes, remove, flip them over, and place back in the oven for another 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool in pan for a few minutes then enjoy!
04 Up On Cripple Creek
in the deep end.
Taskinen et al., 1995 (Finland): Spontaneous abortion
Think of a friend
Cardstock: Brown, Two Shades of Tan, Red and Patterned
Completed projects - 0
What I miss: I could have gone for some sushi this week
A 15-year-old girl holds the hand of her 1-year-old son. People call her a “slut.” No one knows she was raped at age 14. People call another guy “fat.” No one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight. People call an old man “ugly.” No one knows he experienced a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war. (Here comes the 1-2, promise-threat punch.) Forward this if you are against bullying and stereotyping. I bet 88 of you won’t, the other 22 aren’t heartless (add insult for good measure) and will. Hi, my name is Amy Bruce. I am 7 years old (don’t know Amy but I’m thinking she didn’t send this) and I have severe lung cancer. I also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. Doctors say I will die soon if this isn’t fixed, and my family can’t pay the bills. The Make A Wish Foundation (wonder if they sanction text chain letters?) has agreed to donate 7 cents for every time this message is sent on (Doubtful. Tracking nightmare!). For those of you who send this along, I thank you so much, but for those who don’t send it, what goes around comes around (there’s the threat). Have a heart. Send this to 15 people. Signed, Amazed by you, Forever N Always “Booger Suger”
M&M Building Cards: These activities are great for spatial relations, patterns, logical reasoning, geometric concepts, & computation skills
♥ Take charge of cholesterol
Though I suppose that depends on your definition of productivity.
Just a few weeks ago, I was surfing the net looking for a run for this coming Uugust. There were two fun runs that I was eying. Unsure though which I wanted to join.
Whether they're dangling indoors or dangling outdoors, the sight of male genitalia flopping freely without the support of a two-pronged hammock always makes me nervous. How nervous, you reluctantly ask? Let's say one minute you're sitting on the couch watching your boyfriend mirthfully skip to the fridge to get some more horseradish. Sounds innocent enough, right? Well, you won't be thinking it's so innocent the moment you find yourself desperately trying to stem the flow of blood gushing from between their legs with the latest issue of Italian Vogue. Accidentally slicing off a substantial chunk of their cherished junk as a result of tripping and falling crotch-first into one of the sharper-than-usual corners of your expensive coffee table, you calmly pick up the pieces and proceed to drive them to the emergency room. First off, you're probably thinking to yourself: why are the corners of their coffee table so damned sharp? But more importantly, you'll be cursing the delicate nature of the male reproductive system (why couldn't my boyfriend have a vagina?!?). Which reminds me, whenever I'd watch my cat lick himself, I would always feel a tad envious over the fact that he could retract his penis in a manner that allowed them to carry themselves with a modicum of dignity while he performed his daily allotment of cat-based duties. I would think to myself: Gee, I wish I could retract the overwhelming largeness of my penis (I've got a plethora of non-penis-related things to do during the day). Unfortunately, a naked man isn't like a cat at all, they're obscene, useless, violent, and, worst of all, frightfully unladylike. The women in Paul Morrissey's Women in Revolt are beginning to realize this as well, and who can blame them. Sick of being paid less money and tired of having their meaty holes treated like some sort of repository for wayward pricks, the kooky collection of women who populate this shrill realm are ready to start a revolution.
Those were the first five.
But at least I know how it ends
As the chairman of the Penang State Social Welfare Council of 20 years, Ang spends time with the senior citizens at the old folks home in Bukit Mertajam whenever he can.
‘Hey Big Boss, I still don’t have any payslips and I’m losing trust in Boss’.
And the Lord came and stood, calling as at other times, “Samuel! Samuel!” And Samuel said, “Speak, for your servant hears.”
The information gained here should help to inform your future real estate dealings. Be sure to use the information that closely fits your circumstances. Despite all the time you must devote to doing your homework before you sell any real estate, it is indeed well worth your while.
I love the little things that tell a story. My mother was an only child and passed away many years ago. She was an amazing woman (shown in the large picture above and in the small one on the desk.) I was blessed to care for her parents, my grandparents in their last years.
I’m loving California and our new town! There’s so many new things to do around here and we are loving exploring the area.
Last year we had about 250 people so I'm super pumped about seeing everyone tonight and hoping for a bigger crowd!
Not sure if the rum will come through or not, but I figured better understated than over, eh?
We didn't last long, but she had fun collecting sticks and exploring.
As she runs, Shannon makes her way down an alleyway with one of the New World Power members chasing her. At the mouth of the alley, the New World Power member raises his weapon and takes a shot. But in his haste, he doesn’t properly aim, causing him to strike a homeless person instead of his intended target. When Shannon hears the gunfire, she instinctively ducks behind some material located in the alley. After ducking, Shannon looks around and happens to see a rear entrance to one of the buildings close to her and she makes a quick dash for it. As she makes her move, the New World Power member takes another shot, but misses.
How did we get here? The firm changed the way it thought about leadership. Leadership used to be about ideas, setting an example and doing the right thing. Today, if you make enough money for the firm (and are not currently an ax murderer) you will be promoted into a position of influence.
AMERICAN BEAUTY (ALAN BALL)
I added photos and items from the trip on the opposite sides of the envelopes as well as on the covers and the middle page of the album. I'm always keeping little bits and scraps from trips so this album gave me an excuse to use them for something.
In my next post I promise to show you all some of my holiday photo's which I know I have said for a while now ... sorry !
If you are interested in participating, please email Judy at hambodesignteam@gmail.com by 11:00 PM CST on Wednesday, May 9. Sample blog copy for the hop will be available after you sign up, if you desire to use it.
Format: 2 Blu-ray discs and 2 DVDs
A nurse had arranged your long blonde hair on the pillow in a way that suggested it had flowed and moved into that position like it was a living thing. Your eyes were shut and your mouth ever so slightly parted open.
I've been in a FUNKY mood since we got back. I guess it was just flaming re-entry back into real life (mail including bills! laundry! the grocery store! twice!) after spending so many days with no schedules and no real "duties". I will say that I was way happy to see The Geej. Of course she'd grown 7 feet in the 6 days since I'd seen her. Like a weed, that one.
Winner of the Personalized On-the-Go Coffee Mug
Managing Trustee, Hare Krishna Movement
April 28 – PNE Forum (Vancouver, BC) #
Nothing like a bit of pseudo reality to fuel the imagination. In fact I've been on a bit of a roll this week creating pseudo french landscapes. Somewhere between reality and 'the land of everything as it should be' .. little water painting patchworks that take you on a journey to France.. I'll bring them to you soon.. But you'll have to wait till after Easter.. I'll tell you more about it as we get closer to that time.. But for now... take a run in the fields or lie in the grass and watch the clouds float on by, and no matter from which hemisphere your horizons hail...
When it comes down to your Router/Modem it important to make sure that the ports for the game and servers are opened up for letting data to and from your computer and your network. For the port forwarding I am going to use the Team Fortress 2 Port number just for an example. For finding the ports for the game you want to allow thou the router then use this site. http://portforward.com/cports.htm
Almost two weeks ago I had an amazing Lobster Roll. I was in Newport, RI for a football game. Ahem, no comment. But, the day before the game my Godfather (wow that's a pretty fun term to use for real) took my parents and I to the Brick Alley Pub & Restaurant. A Newport mainstay for 30 years, my Godfather has known the owners for quite sometime.
A woman with shorn white hair is standing at the kitchen window. She is wearing tennis shoes and a shapeless gray sweater over a summery calico dress. She is small and sprightly, like a bantam hen; but, due to a long youthful illness, her shoulders are pitifully hunched. Her face is remarkable—not unlike Lincoln’s, craggy like that, and tinted by sun and wind; but it is delicate too, finely boned, and her eyes are sherry-colored and timid. “Oh my,” she exclaims, her breath smoking the windowpane, “it’s fruitcake weather!” ~ Truman Capote (1924 – 1984, author, from “A Christmas Memory”)
Hi all and welcome to the final day of Flourishes’ Release Week! And, guess what? If you like what you’ve seen on our designers’ blogs, I’m happy to report that all three of Flourishes’ new sets for March are in the Flourishes store!! Just click HERE to see for yourself!
Enjoy the sunshine, chickadees.
Rather than overwhelm you with a solid week or so of 'what I did on my holidays', and in an effort to distract us from the variable spring weather, I'll take us on a visit to the seaside each Sunday. We begin with Scarborough's additions to my collection of alarming seaside food characters.
* Work with the Network membership to reach consensus regarding the goals and purposes of the Network
the greatest thing she taught me was to love others just as Christ loves you.
a reflection weaved of faith
While reading the story we wanted to find out more about Harriet Tubman's life and found a quiz, and more info at Enchanted Learning.
Best Britax BSTRREDBAG B-Ready Stroller – Red with a Red Diaper Bag Collections
We will see =)
Would you have a gender reveal party? Have you ever been to one? Do you secretly hope for either a boy or a girl? (I did!)
Well, I believe in the soul, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, that the novels of Susan Sontag are self-indulgent, overrated crap. I believe Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. I believe there ought to be a constitutional amendment outlawing Astroturf and the designated hitter. I believe in the sweet spot, soft-core pornography, opening your presents Christmas morning rather than Christmas Eve and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last three days. - Crash Davis, Bull Durham
My widdle meaty boy is sleeping ... like a baby..hehehee
Secularism is basically the detachment of moral standards from any overarching design for the universe that would include objective moral standards. Secularism is opposed to objective morality.
You can click over and read the story if you wish but here is my version. I've changed the names to better reflect the characters involved.
- The acquiring, implementation and feedback of sponsors of the show.
Of course Islam seeks to dominate everywhere it goes. This is the nature of Islam as perhaps the most supremacist religion of them all. This is no great shakes where Muslims are a tiny minority, but countries with large non-Muslim minorities should be suspicious of their Muslim minorities at least enough to realize that they have a supremacist mindset.
i shall return to thee with verses of peace i say daily
My hair passed! I was one of only 3 selected! In fact, my hair generated a great deal of excitement, and I had a small crowd of sassoonists circled around me, touching my hair and oohing and aahing. My flatmates watched in amazement. What was so great about my hair? It was pristine hair. Some of the sassoonists told me that they had never before seen pristine hair on a female over the age of 12. They stared at me like I was an endangered species of bandicoot, or a never-before-seen mythical creature. It was a bit unnerving.
But here are 3 bits I’ve observed lately:
In fact, the paper almost feels brittle, as if the corner is going to snap off when I turn the page. It doesn't, of course, but it feels like it could. Okay, that's an exaggeration, but it's enough for me not to enjoy it. Every time I turn a page I think they could have used a roll of this stuff to test Grasshopper's stealth in Kung Fu:
It should be noted that The Choir Press will not provide any of their marketing support services to books which have not been professionally edited.
Teri's been so busy she hasn't posted about our Mr. Chewy experience (excellent), or even opened up our package of toys from Imperial Pet to test and review (she even put them in the closet cuz we kept gnawing on the plastic shrink wrap--well, it's OUR present) and she has a book to read and review, too.
For those of you who are new subscribers, welcome, and you are welcome to participate in the caption contest. (We also welcome the first-time guests.) All you have to do is write something funny about the picture. It’s that simple. The only rule is to keep it clean.
Now that it’s past, its implications have still not sunk in.
Second, asking whether you believe that manufacturing is important in a developed country is almost akin to asking whether you are a Democrat or Republican. Rather than going there or arguing my own position, I thought it could be interesting to start building a compilation of the views of those who worry and those who don’t. And the recent NYT article “Is Manufacturing Falling off the Radar“ of Sep 10, 2011, provides some interesting starting arguments that I would enumerate as follows (so, the enumeration is mine, the rest are quotes from the NYT article):
After wiping the caulk with my finger it left the little grooves of the beadboard full of caulking. I found a wooden skewer was a great tool to clean up the grooves. This is a bit tedious. I am a details girl.
So far, this blog has been pretty ad hoc. Which I love. But I'm also aware that my followers (I gained 46 during the challege and another 7 afterwards - thank you so much!) might prefer a regular idea of what to expect. So I'm going to try for a... deep breath... schedule! (I'm already breaking out in a cold sweat - does that word remind you of school too?)
Both. I wish I didn’t have to sleep. I try to wring every last minute out of the day.
13And these wine-skins were new when we put the wine in them, and now they are cracked as you see; and our clothing and our shoes have become old because of our very long journey here.
Every morning R makes a pot of coffee and sits on the chair next to the futon to talk to me, like we used to debrief in the hallway before homeroom. The sun comes in through the sliding doors.
1st), 2000 Earthmover (Fell 4th), Torduff Express (Fell 13th), Flaked Oats (Fell 20th), Escartefigue (UR 30th); 2001 Earthmover (Fell 4th); 2002 Murt’s Man (PU bef 17th), Ad Hoc (BD 27th); 2003 Montifault (5th), Fadalko (UR 6th), Ad Hoc (UR 19th), Shotgun Willy (PU bef 22nd), Torduff Express (UR 27th); 2004 Exit To Wave (PU bef 9th);
The outcome was predictable. What was less predictable is the media reporting these events as surprising, but then again for the most part they only reported from one side of the civil war, NATO’s side.
Logan had to get new soccer shoes to wear at a game he was reffing later that day.
43To him all the prophets give witness, that through his name everyone who has faith in him will have forgiveness of sins.
The RAND report calls this approach “energy services analysis.” The idea is that focusing on the human wants and needs that energy is used to satisfy, and working backward from there, would free people to see the gross inefficiencies that may be lurking within our old habits. It’s not an entirely new idea, of course, but the RAND report is one of the clearest expositions of it that I have seen.
the alphabet is still a firm interest
About what life was sending
Stone Brewing Co. Oaked Arrogant Bastard Ale
Acts 20:20 (NIV) You know that I have not hesitated to preach anything that would be helpful to you but have taught you publicly and from house to house.
“Who ya's scoring offa?” asked Jack.
Today on Emma's angel day we released purple balloons and left her purple roses like we did for her brother. We watched as her balloons went up into the overcast sky and told her we loved her.
Acer Iconia A500 is one of the members of the Acer Iconia, which is a series of tablet PCs manufactured by the established computer manufacturer, Acer. This series is specially aimed at highly mobile individuals.
You know, I have a funny feelin that it was the best tastin food that Lazarus HAS EVER EATEN! And the conversation was probably nice too….jus sayin…
Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet, cover with a damp kitchen towel and let sit until doubled.
How many chick flicks have you watched that doesn’t involve girls calling eachother “fat” or “ugly” or “fugly (fat+ugly)”? Don’t get me wrong, I love chick flicks because they’re funny. Hell, I even quote lines from “Mean Girls” to my friends. But sometimes I realize how twisted it seems, how these movies condition our minds to consider these vicious words as funny instead of hurtful.
Jamie Ness, who had returned to the Rangers starting XI after a season disrupted by injury, claimed the fourth. United had been fortunate to escape a penalty claim seconds earlier as the ball struck the hand of Sean Dillon, Ness su bsequently left in plenty space to notch his first league goal.
6) Find answers to the hard questions: Where are we going to find clean water, failure to do this will result and quick and unpleasant FAIL. Water is essential to live and sanitation. Which brings us to another point; where are you going to put that poo? You will also want to look into starting a garden this season if you haven’t already. It will be good practice. If things go down on the back nine of the year be prepared for a long winter- if you do not have the means to stay warm and eat through the winter you should consider calling your cousin Eddy down South and re-connecting with him, you may want to make a road trip.
The train fans out nicely now. Still a bit fidgety, but I think it's because the taffeta is rather stiff. A few pounds of sequins around the hem will force it down! I also had to expand the placement of pleats at the back. Forcing them all into the space of the back width wasn't working. It just formed a funny lump over my rear.
In France, trade unions organized not just dozens — but HUNDREDS — of demonstrations, from Marseille in the south … to Strasbourg in the east … to Paris and beyond in the north.
Get two free tastes. Buy a new Limited Edition (512) 3rd Anniversary Glass for $10 and we'll use your new glass as the tasting glass. Cash and checks only please.
Just how much you did for us all.
I have gotten tons and tons of compliments regarding my hair being shiny and bouncy. I am beyond flattered, I have color treated hair and it was not as healthy as it used to be since I bleach and dye it EVERY month. To be complimented for having gorgeous hair really meant a lot to me! Thank you NYM!
This Revello bar is none other than bird crap. You heard me. A bird is in the house, and it is flying around my living room as I continue to find more doo-doo all over my table, two coats, the floor and my daughter’s birthday gift from her best friends from daycare. I think there might be more, but this little inventory is enough to send me over the edge.
“Some students ran to their rooms to take cover but they were followed to their rooms, beaten up and arrested,” he told the Associated Press. “Others suffered cuts and broken bones as they tried to flee.”
Any 80s horror that has Jamie Lee Curtis in it is going to be awesome, add to the JLC, one David Copperfield, and an array of ridiculous fancy dress costumes and the awesome just keeps getting awesomer.
The Vietnam War produced more than its share of iconic idiocies. Perhaps the most revelatory was the psychotic assertion of an army major explaining the U.S. bombing of the provincial hamlet of Ben Tre: “We had to destroy the village in order to save it.” If only such self-extinguishing claims for intelligence were confined to military war.
Frank Plunkett (Green) 257
Cee Lo managed to pick a song that was both fun and allowed for each of his team members to shine. Not to mention, the production value Cee Lo always brings to his performances. They started off the performance inside a black and white television! It does not get better than that.
I imagine people will either love or hate the almost too-cool-for-school feel of Mama Shelter. This Philippe Starck designed hotel boasts a huge bar/eatery on the ground floor, which is covered with fun bits and pieces (writing on the ceiling, guitars on display, glowing bar tops). As I've mentioned before, even though I love a slickly designed space, I get a little worried that the effort went into form and not function. My fears were slightly assuaged with a look at the cocktail menu. Mama Shelter offers up a nice selection of solid and classic cocktails (aviation, sazerac, brandy crusta, etc) and a list of what I can only assume are house creations as I've never heard of the "Last Thing To Do Before You Die" or "Bubble Bum" They've got a few different bitters in stock, which is also a nice bonus.
Here's the first one with details~
Was the historian Andrew Roberts encouraging violence when he argued in his mammoth A History of the English-Speaking Peoples Since 1900, that Islamist terrorism is best understood as another variety of totalitarianism, following the lead of Kaiser's Germany, the Axis powers, and Soviet Communism. Once more, Roberts argued, the English-speaking peoples find that they must fight for their heritage of liberal-democracy, a system that aims to create the conditions in which everyone can add their bit to the improvement of society and the advance of human civilisation. Islamism, by contrast, is another version of the creed that seeks concentrated, exclusive and limitless power to control any aspect of human life.
BridgePort Brewing Co
“Don’t ever go by yourself.”
Protesters also highlighted widespread anger at the involvement in London 2012 of the US-based Dow Chemical Company. Thousands of people died as a result of the leak of toxic chemicals from the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal, India, on 3 December 1984, while tens of thousands more are believed to be experiencing long-term health conditions.
Jacqueline Kennedy and newly elected President John F. Kennedy keep dry on the morning of his snowy inauguration day. Jackie was never completely comfortable with the demands of political life, but spurred Jack on to write “Profiles in Courage,” which won the Pulitzer.
Abedayle Desolution L
“Within you is the knowledge of perfect peace, perfect joy and perfect harmony. This knowledge co-exists not only within each one of us but also in the surrounding and permeating quantum fields. Anyone and everyone can access this knowledge and begin to make it manifest.”
We stopped trying to look beyond the sea of people or to part it, riding the tides that pushed us forward passing islands of stalls instead. Once we gleamed onto the promised land flowing with food and drinks we exited following the pillars of smoke and others who looked hungry. We ordered a plate of deep fried Oreo cookies each the size of my fist, cobs of corn, gallons of lemonade, and barbecued turkey legs fit for Goliath to swing as baseball bats. We rested our tired legs and chatted about politics and the state of economy, taxes buckets and national debt ceilings, in case the record heat and the abundance of grease haven't completely clogged our minds and shorted our circuits.
It has been a really busy summer with both of our jobs and with Kristina going to school as well. She takes her semester finals tomorrow night and will have a break for a few weeks. We are leaving for Pensacola Beach Tuesday for some down time and then we will have one week before the boys start back to school. It's hard to believe that we will have one in middle school. They are growing up so fast.
My last day of work is three weeks from yesterday. I start at the new job three weeks from Monday. It's all getting so close! Amidst all the madness, we're trying to hit up our favorite Austin haunts and restaurants. Last Sunday, when it was 38 degrees and we were kicked out of the house for five hours for showings and the open house, we went to our beloved Bull Creek Park and then for a hike in a new spot- up a cliff that borders Lake Austin and the 360 bridge.
At Cambridge I bought a few IVP books, this one is a Apollos book by Graham A Cole Engaging With The Holy Spirit.
Anastassios Liambas, University of Thessaloniki, Greece, and Ioannis Kaskaris, 37th Primary School of Thessaloniki, Greece: Dialog and the love in the work of Paulo Freire
My dears ~
Something dawned on me speaking to this group. Political protest is merely the thread that holds them together. It’s about lifestyle.
OBAMA INVOKES THE CONSTITUTION… – Reuters, 7-24-11President Obama USA Today Exclusive Op-ed: Go ‘big’ on debt deal: For years now, America has been spending more money than we take in. The result is that we have too much debt on our nation’s credit card — debt that will ultimately weaken our economy, lead to higher interest rates for all Americans, and leave us unable to invest in things like education, or protect vital programs like Medicare.
Me: No, it's not The Who. I know that.
But, the rest of the haul was highly satisfactory. I snagged a few missing cards from my team collections - Reds, Tigers and Cubs - and I went deep into the vintage well (more on that tomorrow).
The grave no longer has a hold on you
Assume I want to get the illumination that 3 old style bulbs would have given – that’s 3 x 100W = 300 Watts. That’s how the mudroom was built.
47 12 oz bottles.
Back to the writing page it is then…
this is the essence of wisdom.
I am thankful that Lewis was dragged kicking and screaming to the Lord and that his whole self was unlocked for all the world to benefit from. This book is well worth the read and you just may finding yourself longing to revisit Narnia soon after.
I’m thinking of running off a few copies and mailing them to especially egregious cases as a favor to the city, neighbors of “blue tarpers”, and humanity in general. One bright spot: I have noticed increasing numbers of people flipping the blue tarp over and using the gray side instead, for as the Ramsey’s rightly note “some color choices blend more easily into the surrounding scenery” and “tarp color choices include white, green, silver, brown, clear, mesh,and camouflage.” I eagerly await my first camo tarp sighting. But perhaps that’s the point. I might have seen one and not known it. What a radical thought….
We started the planning on and off for about a month maybe, from setting up a date where everybody can make it, the place, food, budget, gift, etc. It was a little challenging finding a place that could hold up 50 people, but fortunately, one of us has a club house in their house area that can be reserved with no charge. It is a big room with a kitchen (and a fridge) and bathroom, it also has two long tables, which is perfect for any of our party that almost always involves around 50 people :D. We don't have any particular theme for this party, which makes it easier somewhat so that my ideas are not limited to certain color or theme.
Also yeah we are still DJ searching, wedding invite organising omg you should see the pile, wedding dress embroidery/crystals choosing because shes getting it custom made and i think i am getting as excited about this wedding as the bride herself, im also looking forward to another wedding-party which i can assure you will be the talk of the town here.
What page 69 does convey is an air of the slightly odd. We are shown an organization, the Checquy, that is not at all standard-issue. A group is meeting in a luxuriously appointed room with a lavish buffet, there are strange customs, and for some reason, several of the people are dressed in purple. The main character, Rook Myfanwy Thomas (‘Rook’ is apparently her title), is taking all of this in, and she is approached by a large man of obnoxious demeanor.
But in the year 1972, Barnabas is freed from captivity, and sets out to restore his family business and reputation, and find love in the person of young Victoria Winters (Heathcote). The bad news is that Angelique is still nearby, and still carrying a torch for Barnabas…literally.
2010.08.27 Iraq Mosul 1 0 The body of a Christian man is found several days after he is kidnapped.
When dessert time rolled around, I realized that it would be woefully messy to try to put the whipping cream on the cake in the ramekins, so we dumped the cakes out into bowls and topped with whipping cream. Honestly, the whipping cream was better than the cake, but I think that’s because the cake lacked sugar (as I’d already mentioned).
I need God’s help to look at difficulties with detachment, because my emotions color my outlook and bias my understanding.
Tahrir Square was packed shoulder-to-shoulder with a crowd that rivaled the quarter-million figure of the biggest protests, stunned by Mubarak’s blunt determination not to bend in the face of the biggest mass uprising in Egypt’s history, now in its 18th day.
I thought this was a great book. I also think that, because it it so action packed and so full of monsters, most fans of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series would like tis book.
When you think "Halloween Stockings", there's probably;y one of several categories of people who think very different things.
* University of Chicago (USA)
and rocked.
A small spider with excellent eyesight. (notice it's large front pair of eyes). They can turn their head separate from their body to look at objects.
The shoulder joint is composed of three bones, the Clavicle (your collarbone), the Scapula (your shoulder blade) and the Humerus (upper arm bone). Two joints create your shoulder movement. The acromioclavicular (AC) joint is located between the acromion, which is part of the Scapula (your shoulder blade) that forms the highest point of your shoulder and your clavicle. The glenohumeral joint, known as your shoulder joint, is the ball and socket joint that allows your shoulder to move forward, backward and allows your arm to rotate in a circular fashion. The shoulder joint also allows your arm to hinge out and away from your body.
While it is always good to follow “best practice” don’t be duped into replacing your old kits simply because they don’t conform, that would be a waste of money. If you are concerned you can always buy additional contents to top up your kit, see http://www.janitorialexpress.co.uk/Health_&_Safety/First_Aid
The second volume provides an exhaustive commentary on each of the taxable services. The notes for each chapter are detailed and seek to go beyond merely reciting the law. She analyses legislative changes and judicial precedents and succinctly puts them together into a very well researched and considered package. Where Rohini scores over most authors is that she has a very lucid and coherent yet simplistic style of writing whereby she can communicate even the most complex of concepts easily to her readers including those who are new to the subject or at a nascent stage of their practice.
“You know their names, but it’s a long enough list I wrote it down,” he said, proceeding to list them — from Herman Cain to Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry.
love is worth achieve,
The espresso coffee can be replaced with instant fresh coffee. I put 2 tbsp of instant espresso powder into a cup of boiling water and used that.
Before I close this final statement on the issue, I must sincerely tell you that I really do believe that the quilting community is a special one — like none other. There is such a spirit of collaboration and creativity that seems to bring out the best in people, whether they’re new to sewing and quilting or have been doing it for as long as they can remember. Over the past months, it has been such a shame to see people in this community feeling the need to take sides on this, especially when the parties involved have spent so long trying to make things right and to understand where and when we need to respect each other’s contribution to the other’s creative journey.
No, I didn’t find it difficult crafting someone else’s story. The facts are there. It’s just a question of organising them in the best possible way. That’s where part of the fun is.
Taxpayers cough up another R570k 5-star Nathi bill
The first time we did it was in 2003 and we made £135. Gradually over the years word has got around and lots of the surrounding small businesses and residents look forward to our cakes arriving. We know this because they tell us so !
"Now that you have finished reading my answer, if you are satisfied, please open the front door for I am standing outside bringing your favorite bread and fresh milk."
On her way back from the washing line she came across John Drake the Gardener.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you probably had a jacked up child hood, have no imagination and need professional help to work our your issues.
The 421 French class is doing various volunteer projects this term. One group will be doing a clothing drive for Anderson House, which is a safety shelter for women and children who have escaped domestic violence. The group will be collecting clothing for women, teens and children as well as toys. Please make sure that there are no stains or holes in the clothing. Contacts for this project are Michelle Jones or Emily Hagen. Thank you for your support.
One more thing. You know, I have a few people who have asked to be my friend. I accepted and felt good that someone would care. So I have exposed a few of my demons. Where did my "friends" go????????? Friends?????
In 1966, Paul McCartney was very whimsically planning ahead for a period “many years from now.” Our existence demands that we very seriously do the same.
I was able to get some practice in using my Distress Inks and was only happy with 3 of the images that I inked up. Seven of them I failed miserably. Needless to say I have SOOOOO much respect for those of you who color so beautifully with them.
Strawberry cilantro salsa: Diced strawberries, chopped cilantro, and finely chopped jalopenos.
(seen on TheBrooklynPaper.com/comments)
When you first start out with Pay Per Click you may lose money before making any money. This is normal and even the big guru’s will start out losing money with a new PPC campaign.
So now I'll tell you about the picture above. It's a collage I made, digitally of course as that is all I can do nowadays. Having a play with many layers. It started with a crysanthemum, my own background and overlays blended together. Some gold corners from my stash and a sprinkling of rose petals.
Of course, as soon as we sat down in the park (on a little hill overlooking the lake, under a willow tree. It was very picturesque) it started to rain again. Just tiny drops that barely got through the tight leaves on the tree, and we sat there talking, watching the water fall into the lake. Thunder rumbled in the distance, and we even saw lightning over the skyscrapers.
But when the polls was publicised on facebook, netizens were quick to rally and voice their opinions. Messages went out to various Malaysian “cause” groups and the flavour of the polls was quickly changed.
RNA/Ribonucleic Acid – RNA is in all living cells. Used in many protein shampoos and cosmetics. Alternatives: plant cells.
Stampin parliamentary seat is made up of three state constituencies — Batu Lintang, Kota Sentosa and Batu Kawah, which all fell to DAP in last year’s state election with a combined majority of 13,748 votes.
- 1-2 tbsp vital wheat gluten
Now one might wonder why ther appears to be a length of servitude attached to this sale. It seems that in March 1675,before the troubles had begun, legislature of Rhode Island had passed a law “that noe Indian in this Collony be a slave, but only to pay their debts or for their bringeing up, or Custody they have
09-Eliminators - Moment Of Truth
The piece was tied to the recent release of “Sugar in My Bowl,” an anthology of sexual memoir edited by Erica Jong, and to which her daughter Molly contributed an essay. It’s title? “They had sex so I didn’t have to.”
“We need to step back and look at the bigger picture. Bersih didn’t tell the crowd to attack the police.
Back to Juan Valdez. Day turns to night, my friend leaves, and I’m tweaked out on large lattes. As a side note, I like that Juan Valdez still uses the unassuming “small-medium-large” system. Nothing makes me feel more like a trained poodle than ordering my drink size in a foreign language. This is especially so because the tall-grande-venti thing makes no sense; it’s essentially “large” (in English, Pac-NW vernacular), “large” (in Italian), and “20 oz” (also in Italian, also … large). But I digress. Anyway, there is a guy sitting at the table behind where my friend had been sitting. We’ll call him, “Mr. Valdez.” He’s wearing designer black frames (2 Points) and has been there as long as I have, studying something that looks business-y (4 Points). He’s definitely cute — medium brown hair, ice blue eyes, full lips (4 Points). We make eye contact. I break it. I always break it. He gets up to use the restroom. “Would you mind … looking at my things?” I assume this means he wants me to watch his stuff while he’s in the bathroom; another interpretation might be inappropriate. “Sure,” I said with a smile (always with a smile. It’s my excuse for being lazy about making conversation; at 1000 words per smile, you don’t have to talk too much.). I see that he is tall (3 Points) and well-dressed (4 Points). He stood on line for the bathroom, less than a foot from my table (near the bathroom + access to electrical outlet = prime coffeehouse real estate, in case you didn’t know) and proceeded to make a phone call. He spoke with an accent (1 Point). When he returned to his seat, he thanked me. “Your welcome,” I said, again with a smile. Our conversation ended there. I’m not an extrovert, not to mention Mr. Zegna and I are technically together until he figures out that he doesn’t want to be together, so I shouldn’t be striking up conversations with strange attractive men with accents.
Regardless of what you believe or how you choose to live, to eat, to parent, to exercise or not exercise, to school your children, to breastfeed or use formula, to condone same sex marriage or traditional marriage, to be single or divorced, to be saved or unsaved, to be contemporary or traditional, to use budgeting or be in debt, to be working or stay-at-home, to be in the choir or praise band, to rent or own, ...
Today I spent over and hour in the kitchen and made Tempura from eggplant, onion, mushroom, sweet potato, carrots and fakey fish. It was oily and yummy.
Currently Canada has only the CF-18 providing air defence. Only 80 aircraft available to provide air cover for all of Canada’s nearly 10 million square kilometers and provide air protection of forces overseas. We currently have some Air Defence Anti Tanks Systems or ADATS of limited value and they will be gone soon.
Choice "b" ventures even more into academic territory, and I have to admit that I would love to read someone who has really developed that "take" on it. In her Buzzfeed article (my favorite so far), Amanda Petrusich starts to go there. When people get into "meta" this and "meta" that, there's always the danger of completely losing your audience, or coming across as pretentious, or looking like a grad student who just deciphered Frederic Jameson's obscurantist prose for the first time.
A New York Times reporter is spending the day with the Idaho Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault to highlight the coalition’s work with teens.
Neverlnd16
Read a book you were supposed to read in school, but either bailed on or Cliff-Noted. (If you were super studious and never did this, then read a book most people were assigned to read in high school but you weren’t.)
Yes, actually. Though she began life as a boy: Sneezer. After writing 50 pages she had a sex-change in the mind of her author, and he went back to square one. I’m rather partial to my Annie, too, in Storm and Waterslain Angels.
There’s no low, no lie and no misconduct to which Democrats won’t ‘bow’. And Obama will take ‘no second’ to anyone. As much as he and the Democrats would like to portray themselves as American Hero’s, they’re anything but. They all more closely resemble a White House Full of Jokers And Dangerous Fools.
I hope you have a great day!
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from Him, that called you into the grace of Christ, for another gospel. For this is not another; but there are some who trouble you and would pervert the Gospel of Christ. (Gal. 1:6-7)
Oven temps. and times may vary.
Taking a cue or two from the Angelcorpse playbook of pure blasting insanity, Averse Sefira dick around very little and shred balls alot, only relenting for the odd ambient interlude (these interludes are most often composed by guest musician The Lady of the Evening Faces, whose atonal, synth-and-keyboard-less drone pieces invoke Penderecki and Pärt--leading to some of the band's most memorable moments). The vortex of utter annihilation known as Homecoming's March was Sefira's first full-length effort, although the band has released a couple excellent albums in the last 5 or 6 years as well (see: 2005's Tetragrammatical Astygmata and 2008's Advent Parallax). These Bros are obviously tuned into some dark, creepy, spacey shit, and deserve your attention immediately.
6. Add salt to taste.
My mind is feeling very tired, so I'll stop here for now. Just a few thoughts and opinions I figured I'd throw out there, since I think they are extremely important.
Tomorrow we are back to our regularly scheduled programming. Hopefully the rest of the week will run smooth and easy and there will be no more poo. And my son will behave. And I will not tear my hair out. There will be no poo incidents. One a week is enough for anyone, yes?
1 Tbsp. Soy sauce (I use a little more)
To put it bluntly you and I are like Chicken Little. We know something has happened but the worst is yet to come. Bill C-38 is another of the dreaded omnibus bills which are meant to confuse and hide the reality of the sweeping totalitarian agenda that is being implemented by the Harperites. There are so many parts to the bill that it is difficult to explain the full horror of it. At over 400 pages it is a masterpiece of political skulduggery and obfuscation. The bill removes the Inspector General as watchdog over CSIS (a governmental agency that badly needs rigorous oversight), it proposes changes to the Immigration Act which will significantly limit the number of foreign workers who have petitioned to come to Canada over the last number of years, and it negatively alters provisions of the Fisheries Act which considerably complicates the lives of fishers whose livelihood in recent years has been increasingly difficult.
Side Characters
Service 7/10
To deal with that kind of distortion, Clinton and Obama will have to show a toughness Alinsky doubted that people like them have. “A liberal,” he liked to say, “is someone who walks out of the room when the argument turns into a fight.”
For additional entries, please do the follow & leave separate comments below:
IF YOU MISS IT WE CAN'T PROTECT YOU.
Where has the week gone?
When his mother woke him up in the morning he said: "Sorry mom, I've gone and lost my arm. I didn't mean to." it.
Last was Nick Wilty, an older comic, very wry, slightly surreal; the kind of act that provides me with a constant smile rather than big belly laughs.
There are three aspects of the current escalation, each concerning different parties, with different aims and interests. I will list them from most pressing and immediate to most general and long-term.
So this last weekend I participated in my first event. I ran a 10K out in the small town of Gardnerville with my aunt, uncle and five-year-old cousin (he rode his scooter). In the last few years, I think the farthest I’ve ever walked was about 5 miles each way to take my dog to the vet, and I took all day to get there and back! This 10K came to about 6.6 miles and I finished in 2 hours!
Shirley was sick about three months.
Ok, now I have a little favor to ask of all of you. Last week when I went for a follow-up appointment at the radiation office, I ran into somebody I know - Angela - a Cricut friend who has taken classes from me before. Anyway, she and her husband were there with their 9 year old son, John Jr., who has a rare form of cancer called Rhabdomysarcoma. It is in his skull and lungs. I met him, and he is the sweetest little kid, and so handsome. He has a LOT to go through, including a solid year of chemo, and he just had surgery to put in a feeding tube. I asked Angela if we could do something for John, and she said he loves to get things in the mail, so if you're able, would you mind sending him a card? It doesn't even have to be handmade if you don't have time to make one. I'm going to be sending him one this week, and hope it gets to him in time for Easter. HERE is his blog, and here's his name and address...
2 opposition
Don't get me wrong, I'm happy to be back home too. I missed my sister, I missed my girlfriends, I missed my dogs.
But most of life’s circumstances are not this black and white. Denial is thus able to work as a coping mechanism far more often than not. And nowhere is this more evident than in the world of End Times Prophecy pundits and their followers. Case in point: The May 21 End of the World publicity campaign of Harold Camping and his followers.
Give Lindsey the code JUNK when you put in your order, and she'll wipe 15% off your invoice. There has never been a better time to go PP shopping than right now!
Afterward when I complained about his smartassery to another colleague, she said, “But he’s right. Why aren’t we considering what’s going well?” She also said, “You shouldn’t be so hard on him. Most cynics are frustrated idealists, you know. He’s just tired of his hopes being disappointed.” She finished by scolding me. “You know, I’d rather be a cynic” she said, “than someone who thinks everyone should be idealistic.”
Paradise Beach: high season, at the moment it seems that there are more tourists than Indians there. The beach is crowded in the daytime and in the nights there are parties in a lot of places.
We find out that Kid took a turn on the Rippling Walls to earn his old mother some money so he can take care of her. Unlike everyone else, he volunteers for a second outing on the Rippling Walls when his first mission is complete.
Another person recently told me about her daughter-in-law who grew up learning five languages! I'm not even sure how that is possible, but she said that this woman's family would speak a different language in each room of the house. I find this to be a very clever idea and have decided that maybe this is the perfect way to begin to incorporate French into our lifestyle.
Tiote, 25, has been one of the top performers for Newcastle United this season, as the Magpies look to secure Champions League football for next season by finishing 4th this season. His impressive and consistent form has seen him being linked with the likes of Manchester United and Arsenal this season and a move to either Old Trafford or Emirates would be very tough to reject for the hard tackling Ivorian midfielder. But still I believe he will decide to stay at Newcastle given that they will be playing in Europe next season and will be loyal to the fans who have supported him since he joined the club from FC Twente a couple of season’s back.
4 tbsp toasted pumpkin seeds
Monday Doorways
It is a grotto of genuinely sacred space; not completely because of its religious purpose, though undoubtedly enhanced by it. No matter what religion, or none, or just a lover of the natural spirit in all living things, you'd have to be unfeeling not to appreciate it. It's the live Technicolor Dreamcoat over its regulation brick exterior that does it.
You’ll see the reason for that event in the next section actually, but for now, let’s just focus on the festival.
After much political degradation and increasing progressive sentiments, South Carolina once again found herself between the U.S. Constitution and the President in 1860 when she seceded from the Union. Abraham Lincoln had no regard for the Constitution or desire to free the slaves–anyone who believes he did has obviously never read his speeches or personal letters or any European history. All Europe, the United States and Lincoln’s entire administration knew what he was doing was unconstitutional and far from the title ” noble emancipator” which he is crowned with.
Professor : Science says you have five senses you use to identify and observe the world around you. Tell me, son, have you ever seen God?
From sketch....
I really wasn't sure about these Cetaphil products when I first started using them. The name isn't very memorable and the packaging doesn't blow me away and the moisturiser was fine but with my incredibly dry skin on my legs during winter it takes a lot for me to recommend a body moisturiser that actually keeps my itching under control. CETAPHIL RESTORADERM MOISTURISER 295ML really does reduce dryness and has made my eczema so much more bearable.
I spent most of the time this week teaching my kids how to do math tubs, which will start next week. They learned how to use IXL, play War, and how to use the Unifix Pattern sheet. (The pattern sheet was created by the teachers on my team. This sheet will stay in their work folder for several weeks. They will use it to build certain patterns with Unifix cubes. The children will build a pattern, repeat it three times, then have a partner check the pattern. The kids will be able to go to this activity after they finish one of the math tubs each week.)
Would you double park in the middle of the street for her? I'm not ashamed to say I did just that. I spotted her on the lawn just as I was driving up to a yard sale on Saturday. Cars were parked up and down both sides of the street and I just couldn't risk her being carried away in the time it took me to find a legal parking spot.
Can a bookshelf be read like a palm, like a face, like a narrative of its own?
Research mid century and you will also find that hydrangea style adorned many fabrics, its hues were reflected in colours from porcelain bathroom fittings to crockery, and many hats were decked out in hydrangea blossoms....it was very much one of the flowers of the era.
I spent the morning baking brownies and cookies and then hiding those cookies and brownies from my children, since they are for this weekend's escapades and not for their consumption. I mean, I did give them each one brownie and one cookie, but I haven't baked in months (the heat), so they are dying for some baked goods.
I’ve mentioned a couple of times that the kids and I have been studying the parable of the prodigal son. This morning, I’m the prodigal mommy, as I have been before and, I’m certain, as I will be many more times. By meeting stubbornness with stubbornness instead of a gentle turning, Bugaboo and I ended up as the knight and the dragon in Mr. de Paola’s excellent story — with one of our heads stuck in a rock and the other stuck high in a tree.
A year ago I was planning a trip to India, and one of the things on my list to take was candy corn. While I was there, I bought some flowery little electric lights, in Bangalore, but I haven't gotten an adaptor and transformer for them yet. So this reminded me of India, and how much time has passed since I was there, and about getting lights over the hot tub, which I'm planning to clean and heat tomorrow. It's seeming like fall now, and not summer. It's time.
Authentic Self
Anyway, some big things happened while I was in Hawaii:
birthed out of the dryer
For more information, contact:
Biblical Reality: becoming a Christian is an individual responsibility and choice. But, being a true Christian is a corporate responsibility and identity. And, having assurance that one is an individual Christian only occurs through the Holy Spirit, through growing in holiness, through continual repentance, AND through corporate living (John 13:34-35 – “by this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another).
The event was an opportunity to promote local fashion talent, while bringing a healthy dash of glamour and excitement to the fasionistas of Bath – and us Bristol gatecrashers – too. Naturally I wore vintage, picking the navy sailor-inspired dress from refoundreloved that I found at Vintage Sunday last month, plus an unruly hairdo that didn’t care very much for the wet weather!
I mentioned in my previous posts that I am seriously running low on cards in my hand made card box so I have been focusing on making cards for my DT projects.
The Prince was played by the reception teacher, Mrs Smith, who impressed me with a fine pair of legs encased in fishnet; doubtless the dads in the audience appreciated them too. Not sure the mums would have been quite so enamoured with the pink tutu worn by the caretaker, Mr Bratley, though I have to say I think he and his floppy wand have missed their vocation: may have to sign him up for our amateur dramatic group as he's a natural.
Then I decided on a phrase that could be repeated and fit the letters of her name within it. I used the phrases "I am a child of God" and "Jesus loves the little children" and strung them together to create the lettered background I needed. Then I got to work cutting out all the letters with my Cricut.
In many ways the topic skirts around one of the greatest taboos, that of incest. In his poem Jim explores his response to the experience.
If the United finished third on the final table, they will play sixth-placed team which could be Stevenage, Notts County or Carlisle.
Ink: StazOn- Jet Black,
Having conducted the pregame sequence and brought the advanced orc elements onto the table a few things became clear.
We prepared as best we could as the wind started up. Then the rain/snow came. Sideways. The front window sprung a leak. Mister Fix It was blown off his ladder trying to seal it with silicone it in the dark. Don’t worry, he is tall, so the landing was shorter.
I love the design of the kraft paper that I used as the background paper, it's just simple and clean
Gebr. Sünner GmbH & Co. KG Sünner Kölsch
"I don't know. I'm not one for prying but I saw this letter on the table. From the hospital like. She hadn't told me about it so I had a look and she has to go for some tests. She says it's nothing but I'm not so sure. She said something about checking out that she was ok to have kids, but I reckon she made that up."
Katrina Halili knows how to carry herself, in some ways. Compared to the cunt, although she had her nose and tittays done, she admits it. But for AA, she never admitted that she had nip-tucks, because she always claims about her German ancestry. Like, seriously? Germans have a big body built, unlike AA, who is obviously petite and at the same time, her arms are overly-liposuctioned. Katrina Halili looks healthier and more on-the-go, unlike AA. (Gah, compare and contrast mode na naman ako!)
Oct 28 Toronto, ON — Sony Centre for the Performing Arts
Whew! That should make SW’s customers feel better!
Our little brother put up
She couldn’t help us to study, but took care that we finished our homework on time, submitted our projects, arranged our bags, learnt our lessons for the test, ate well and slept on time. Nothing had deterred her dedication as a loving mother who never expected anything in return. Anything she said in terms of discipline was counted as nagging.
The next layout has a 12x6 pocket. I needed that layout on the other side; however, on this side I really wanted to use 3 horizontal photos. Therefore, I simply took a piece of kraft cardstock, stamped the tone-on-tone map image, trimmed the photos just a bit and then attached them to the cardstock. I added a bit of journaling, stickers, stamping, and a bracket border to the top for Easy Peasy embellishments.
Commanding General, U.S. Army Central Command (’07-’09)
There are some pretty appalling websites that attract large female audiences as well. One that a friend pointed out to me recently is Jezebel, which covers "gossip, culture, fashion, and sex for the contemporary woman."
It's really just like writing a story.
When one has given a hearing to both arguments against and in favor of the Petrine authorship of 2 Peter from the external and internal evidence, one sees several things.
A large segment of voters actually worship this “controlled military asset” – clueless to her true identity, just as the other “controlled asset” Mr. Hope & Change was worshiped by deluded masses worn out by former regime. Pure geopolitical social alchemy via “Hegelian Dialectic“ at work here — Lather, rinse, repeat.
But 49 countries???? Here’s a list of them:
My initial version of the “30 Watch List” did contain one such duo, with Tyson Gay and Wallace Spearmon both appearing as potential medalists in the 200 meters. But traditionally it’s the 100 meters – the glamour sprint – that has gotten the most notice, and where we’ve had great depth. We still have the depth when compared to the rest of the world. Of the 27 athletes that ran faster than 10.05 last year, 12 of them were American. For those keeping track with the sprint battle against Jamaica, 7 were Jamaican. So we are still winning the war of depth. But depth doesn’t win medals, as only 3 athletes gain entry into the World Championships and Olympics – 4 can go to Worlds if one is defending champion. In the battle that matters – the fight for championship medals – it’s about what you have on the top end. And it’s there that we’ve been lacking in the 1, 2 punch area!
Horace Dediu from asymco.com has also revisited this topic in his post “Which is best: hardware, software, or services?“. What’s striking is that all three companies (except Amazon) now have operating margins between 30-40% – very high for such large businesses – with Apple taking the top near 40%. Over the last 5 years, Apple has doubled it’s margin (20% to 40%), whereas Microsoft (35-40%) and Google (30-35%) remained near their levels.
moon the
I cleaned the fish tank, trimmed the plants and gave them a fishy water drink.
Happy to have that particular stairs torture in the books, and behind me, I drove home with the windows wide and wonderfully open – the music blasting. The warm wind felt so good, wrapping around me in Van Gogh swirls, playfully buffeting my hair across my face and neck.
And here we are, not even a year later, with 2 kids in Language Stars* reciting poems at family dinners and (cross your fingers here) actually learning the language. I am SO proud of them!
- Remove the vanilla pod
I invite you to visit Jeff Andrew’s website and social media at:
I'm off on a short, but much needed, holiday today but I wanted to leave you with something, as they say, for the weekend.
One of the problems with this, however, is that if a fish is lucky enough to develop a new set of favorable mutations, that it must then pass this new trait on to the others of its species in order for it to survive. This can only be done through inbreeding, especially if the gene involved is recessive. Evolutionary theory requires a lot of inbreeding in order to produce new, better species out of the old.
Most blogs will have a sidebar between 180px and 220px wide, so you don't want the marquee to be wider than that or it will stick out into the blog background.
4)In islam there are two kinds of binding duties for muslims a)for individuals and b)for ummah as a whole. Jihad like funeral is such a binding duty upon muslims that if sufficient number of people carry it out then duty is considered fulfilled by the ummah but if no one does it then the whole ummah has committed a grave sin.
As Cain points out, in our North American culture, quiet perseverance isn’t sexy. People who don’t talk are seen as failing in some way. We like the engaging enthusiasm of the extroverts, so it is easy for introverts to feel underappreciated or even shunned. Cain hopes that her book will encourage introverts to honour their true nature. After all, introverts brought us such fun and important things as Charlie Brown, the theory of relativity, Google, Harry Potter and E.T. (That’s right, Spielberg is an introvert.)
You can start with a lower b.p.m. and gradually work your way up.
she pointed out when one of the ballerinas was doing a jete.
So tomorrow I am off to the Big Apple for Fashion Week.
I am creating... a simple Thanksgiving menu.
By any quantitative standard, Georgia has been a far better program than Penn State for some time now. Heck, the Nittany Lions have had four losing seasons this decade, while the Dawgs haven’t won less than eight games in a season. And yet, I would tell you without a moment’s hesitation that Penn State is a national power while Georgia is not.
3-3-3-3-3-3
Z girl--i love that you are so sporty, and hop, skip and jump wherever you go, that you will pick up any bug, that you change your clothes 5 times a day, that you love to be cuddled, that you are a princess at heart, that you have to tuck in 50 stuffed animals into your bed at night, that you more often times than not have your shoes on the wrong feet, that you have your daddy wrapped around your little finger, that you wrestle caleb, and that i get to watch you in your many adventures ahead~
Half a league onward,
British author Brian Aldiss's 1964 novel, Greybeard, takes a different tack to exploring the worry and paranoia that were present during the first two decades of the Atomic Age. Rather than showing a sudden decline, instead his novel is devoted to a human civilization, as Eliot might describe, that is going out more with a whimper than a bang. The story begins in 2029 in Oxford, roughly fifty years after the "Big Accident," in which a nuclear weapon explodes in the upper atmosphere, rendering all humans (or so it seems) sterile. There are no more children, everyone is in their 50s or older. The story's narrator, Algy Timberlane, most commonly known as Greybeard for his navel-length beard, reminisces on the changes wrought by the collapse of human society following this incident that occurred when he was little more than a toddler. He does not remember a "before," only an "after." From billions, the worldwide human population has shrunk to a bare few million. Flora and fauna rush in to fill in the gaps. Instead of the hedonistic last days portrayed in Shute's novel or the religious imagery found in Miller's work, Greybeard's focus centers around a slow, gradual march of wilderness overtaking the last remnants of human society:
Let me thank you in advance, and please know I'm going to read each and every one of your comments (and I hope there's at least one), and I'll try the ones that might work for my jolly sleep loving personality!
Her Hair Long and Golden… Eyes so Blue, it Hurts the Sea
In closing, I have to point out here that those who are raging conspiracy theorists are the most likely to become involved in conspiracies themselves. The actions of the Paultard Cult proves this maxim. But just how wide-ranging is the Paultard cult? How devoted are they to their cause? What is the source of their funding? How influential are they in reality? Do they hide in the shadows, ready to strike? In the following video, we see evidence that no less a personage than former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi might have been, in fact, a secret member of the Paultard cult. Ah, but as you will see, even the most fanatical, devoted, and powerful of Paultards can not long conceal his true nature.
Of course, it's suppose to warm up and rain by Monday, and wash this all away - but for now I'm enjoying it. From the warmth and comfort of my living room of course!
Finally, finish your flower image using the same steps for adding shadow and you'll have a beautiful flower full of light and shadow which will give it a three dimensional look!
Replied Mary, who lowered her voice and leaned in close.
Because these core historical facts have been established by critical and historical procedures, no one should reject this evidence simply by referring to “discrepancies” in the New Testament or to its general “unreliability.” These facts are attested to be true by virtually everyone. It can be demonstrated even when the minimum number of historical facts are utilized.
2. In a large pan, heat the olive oil. Add the shallots and cook until slightly translucent (1-2 minutes).
Moths by Jennifer O'Grady
The name Junghwa is my middle name and my Korean name. I have been designing and creating since I was a little girl. I love sketching, painting, sewing, crafting... pretty much anything that allows me to create something tangible from all the ideas in my head. I was a Certified Medical Assistant & Orthopedic Technician for several years. I really enjoyed helping people become well again. It gave me such a feeling of satisfaction, but I missed having a creative outlet. So, I took a leap of faith, left my career behind and started my business in January 2010. Today I am still happily working from home full-time, where I live with my supportive husband and 15 month old son. I work really hard every day to share my passion with all of you.
“My equivalent is the San Francisco Giants trying to play with five players. That’s essentially what we’re talking about,” Sacramento Area Firefighters spokesperson Todd Filbrun said. “Whacking 60-something positions. The staffing model they’re talking about this city was not built on it. We have half as many stations as Sac Metro or Elk Grove and we get compared to that three-man staffing model based on the fact that they have twice as many apparatus and stations.”
- Edited portfolios to showcase the most unique and highest quality work
Coriander powder 1 tablespoon
I also want to remind everyone that to eligible for the prize you must follow the theme with a NEW card or project and link back to this blog. Any cards made and posted on your blog before the date of this weeks challenge
Ok, so I'm not really feeling that cover, but I DO like the sound of the story. Persimmon sounds fun with best friend potential. I also like how the story sounds like it will be heartwarming with a sweet romance (but, heartbreak? Oh no!) and adventure. Plus, who--or what--is this tiny, brave creature named Epiphany? I am curious.
Dutifully I rubbed my sleeve across my face, put the car in park, hit the hazards and stepped out.
The kind twin was nice to everyone, except to the mean twin. The kind twin would do things to sabotage the mean twin, and make her look meaner than she already was. The mean twin couldn’t convince everyone that the kind twin was two faced. The mean twin tried to investigate why the kind twin was like that. In the end, it was revealed that the kind twin had been dead all along and that the witch only learned how to change herself into the appearance of the kind twin.
I loved the unique style each restaurant possessed. And how each place is so small you are shoulder to shoulder with complete strangers. And nobody feels awkward. I tried the steel cut oats with fruit. Not a disappointment either. Yum.
Stolichnaya Razberi (Raspberry) – 37.5%
I certainly haven't been spreading myself around
But either way, watch the video below.
Thank you Mom for all the hugs when there was a win and the hugs when there was a loss.
I've wanted to read this since I saw it compared to the fabulous Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, and duly added it to my wish list. I was so chuffed to see this on Sister Spooky's giveaway list. Watch this space - I'm already pretty sure I'll love this one!
I got this e-mail today and had to share. I guess this is innovation in Asian phishing…or they think we’re stupid. Maybe we are..I’m sure some people will think this is real. The reality of it is that the story about this couple winning this huge lottery is actually true. Them giving it away, not so much. So what did Dave and Angela do after they won? They got married in a small private ceremony and then went shopping for a few things.
This book, Clare's suggestion, is the story of two brothers, Homer and Langley Collyer, sons of a bourgeois doctor - one of whom, Homer, is blind; the other, Langley, suffering shell shock - and who, after their parents' death in 1918, hole themselves up in their upper Fifth Avenue brownstone, stuffing it with junk that Langley compulsively amasses, while the greater part of the twentienth century washes up against their doors.
Does anyone remember the show Eerie, Indiana? Well apparently I don't either, because as I was searching for that link, I was searching for "Indiana Jones." I could have sworn the show was about Indiana Jones as a kid. It's not.
Why do you think he has been renamed "Fraudman"?
It’s half past August. There are a lot of things I can write about half past August to explain the approach of the season – “I can feel it in the pit of my stomach,” or “My blood is too thick for summer; it’s the cool change of fall that fills me with delight, the full promise of a new year and, with it, the possibility of joy or despair and the clean demarcation between the two that so characterize college football,” or “Everything is gray until kickoff” – but all those sentences suck. They suck because, while true, they do not work. They don’t. I’ve been reading a lot of sentences that don’t work because beat writers are all stuck with the inescapable fact of twelve regular season games and, at most, two post-season. There’s a lot of buildup and, between, a lot of waiting. And if I’m to be honest with myself there’s not a lot of gray until kickoff. I think obsessives of my kind like to think our burden is singular. We are slow to acknowledge our communal experience because it really is difficult to imagine the slow painful ticks are as slow or as painful for others; but we all read the local papers, no matter how bad or repetitive, with equal parts fervor and trepidation. This is fall camp, after all. Injuries and failures here are now part of the season. This is the prologue. Prologues matter, even to those who’re so addicted they’ll read past something like “Call me Ishmael, who went 4-for-7 for 68 yards and one interception against the second team defense.” We’re all excited because it’s half past August and that means football at long last.
BURNING GIRLS by Allie Baxter
Many try just a little bone reduction, without entering the sinus, but this does not make enough difference to justify the effort. Removal of only 1 or 2 mms of bone is not enough to make a difference. In these situation, one option is to open the frontal sinus, burr down the edges of the bone and put the ‘outer lid’ back in a more inward contour, thus preserving the frontal sinus.
Then the Embassy doctor asked me to please stop coming into his office and asking which diseases would get me sent home for medical care, and that "YOU WOULD KNOW if you had cerebral malaria, you would not be walking in to ask me if you might have the symptoms and to write down what those symptoms were" (Apparently, he wants me to do my own work, to look up my own symptoms before I demand a medevac....AND, APPARENTLY, he needs to work on his bedside manner...)
Some people’s lives are more poetic than a poem,
As I reflect on that day I see it as a metaphor to a larger reality within our own beloved Church. As Catholics I think many of us concentrate on the mechanics and miss the boat. That is not to say the mechanics are unimportant - the Church facilitates relationships, and we need to carefully keep it "clean" to encourage the spiritual journey to salvation. But we must endeavor with care not to lose the sense of love and brotherhood that marks that journey and gives it meaning. The movement that defined Church as "the people" went too far - structure is integral to its success. But the backlash that concentrates on structure suffers the same error. Our concentration in such thinking is suddenly and necessarily void of the fundamental focus of Christianity - love.
In a new video interview, Paul Rossi, managing director and executive vice president of The Economist Group, Americas, explains why the CMR is important in today’s media landscape, “The biggest question we get today from advertisers is data. How do we know what’s working? How do we know what readers are doing with advertising in apps and on digital devices? Those are very, very good and valuable questions. So I think what we have to do is help advertisers understand that there are different ways to use our various brands and products to reach the audience and it isn’t necessarily one size fits all. The CMR will open up a conversation about data without having to justify where it’s come from or the authority of the data. It’s back to transparency, it’s back to being able to make decisions based on the same criteria.”
I need to find a way home
Transportation:
Think i’l put that on another post shortly…lol
“I couldn’t find a job, so I’m staying on in school for another year,” he admits with a shrug.
Maybe I’m hypersensitive about all of this. Maybe the vast majority of people are comfortable with this barrage of information. Maybe it’s possible to retrain my brain to make this less jarring. I try occasionally, but my heart really isn’t in it; and the end result remains the same. I watch; I concentrate; I get a headache.
Listen to the Beatles. You can actually hear their poetry.
Lulu Shapiro is a former nurse now working in recruitment for the health sector and she also works with the long-term unemployed. Her partner, Jannine Lockyer, a sales and marketing expert representing national and international organisations in development and sales roles, is currently owner-operator of a recruitment agency.
Once the ten alloted ten minutes was up, we were literally herded out of the zone to make room for the next set of people. Whew!
To celebrate, I decided to recreate a cake that I had eaten at a birthday party a few months ago. It was a banana cream cake - two layers of moist banana cake, filled with a thick layer of pastry cream, and covered with whipped cream. And it was delicious! To take it one step further, I wanted to decorate it like this tuxedo cake at Annie's Eats, with a gorgeous ganache glaze dripping down the sides.
She shook her head, no; what good would a glass of water do? She supposed that, now, she could drink whatever she liked – it wouldn’t make a difference. But, then again, she didn’t want to just surrender: she had to fight, didn’t she? That’s what her sister had done and she had won, for a time.
A few months passed, another postcard arrived. It was a cry of help from Jeremy. All of the Amazons were now pregnant. He heard whispers that they planned to kill him because he already served his purpose.
Today we receive gifts of fruit arrays from the CA son and DIL and I feel like my mother, really we can buy delicious pears and apples right here, but I never say that because I know they are working, busy caring for DIL's mother and son's mother (Jerry's long ago ex) who live with them. So a stop at Costco or online suits them. Still, I often think the same as Mom, save your money. Jerry does not eat pears which leaves them all to me; while I enjoy one now and then I have these to share with others. But , I do not say that, recalling my own frustration, "thank you" is the phrase.
Though history and cinema buffs seem like the main audiences for Triumph of the Will, it surprises me that even short clips rarely make it into the classroom. A powerful primary source, it shows, and so iconically, what fascism looks like.
The Boston College subpoenas seeking access to oral history interviews with former IRA activists on behalf of the police in Northern Ireland are about the dumbest things that have ever happened in the long relationship between the United States, Britain and Ireland.
You don’t have to post about the hop…but I’d LOVE it if you did and if you told them where you found them. Please tell your friends about this hop too! Spare the luv =D
I'm sure I could think of more, but quite honestly, I do not want to criticize Monday too much. I'm afraid I will not want to finish today! I will just head back to bed and wake up on Tuesday.
I've never treated a journey with such reverence. I treasured each day of our recent sabbatical as a gift of life, not of place. So coming home has not seemed a desertion of pleasure, but a continuing of the sojourn. It has not been a disappointing return to the "same old." I have returned to a place I've never been. Same house, same job, same cars and dogs and bills. Different me.
but it is just my opinion. Those people on those shows are dull as dish water and in the majority -- have no substance to their personalities. They are all about who is going with who and how such and such look; and truth be told the women on it are not natural beauties. Miranda Kerr springs to mind as a natural beauty as does Bar Refaeli (my dream woman).
These quickly morphing GIF’s are completely captivating in their fast and fluid transition between images. Especially striking are the examples which follow a common theme, like famous paintings or iconic celebrities, morphing between many visually similar images. Micaël Reynaud of Montpellier, France, has been creating the animations in his spare time and has a treasure trove of well made examples over at his Google Plus account. You can also find him on Twitter.
Sorry Scott, we’ll need a better photo of you with Babe Ruth.
safe as a lovely, darkly
When we landed, the temperature was pretty surprising. It’s chilly here! We were met by another sign, this one with a woman attached to it. Her English is good, but when I have a question, I ask it in Spanish. She answers slowly enough that I can understand her easily. She quelled our worries that hiking the citadel was perilous and scary, saying that four hundred people do it a day and that if you’re slow, it takes and hour and twenty minutes. So we’ll definitely be doing that.
Guy Bourdin
The Herald-Sun brought news of a Durham resident who has, seemingly for the first time, alleged mistreatment from the Durham DA’s office. And who is the figure? Durham Committee for the Affairs of Black People-endorsed Solomon Burnette—the man who spent time in jail for robbing two Duke students, before distinguishing himself for penning an editorial that seemed to advocate vigilante justice against innocent white members of the Durham community.
This year I did something a little different. I got this idea from watching a video on Teachertipster.com. Mr. Smith used photographs of words made out of magnetic letters. He loaded the photographs onto a digital picture frame. This is a great go to activity. Students can practice words quietly once they've finished other assignments.
As he grows older Jónas gains a reputation as a healer and a shamanic figure, an animist who seems to share a psychic link with the naked Iceland landscape in which he travels. But from early on he arouses suspicion.
I found myself at RealWritingJobs.com--which, I was unsurprised to discover, promises that writers can earn lots of cash by writing articles, stories, blog posts, etc.. "Thousands of people online are discovering how doing simple writing jobs from home can be so profitable! See how they're doing it by signing up now!" No experience necessary! Work at home! Make fat money (never mind that pesky earnings disclaimer)! All this for a mere monthly membership fee of $47 (although if you don't read the Terms and Conditions, you won't know that). Don't want to opt in without seeing what's on offer? Good news--you can try before you buy. In fact, you have to try before you buy. Would-be members must agree to a 10-day "risk-free trial," for the oh-so-negligible cost of $2.95 (credit cards only). Naturally, this is a "limited time offering." If you aren't happy, just cancel within the trial period and you owe nothing further.
…nothing more fitting for a bunch of the fellas pining for the love a good woman while under the influence…
She still needs you - but not as much. She still wants you - but not as much. She can, do it myself. Yet she doesn't know the balance yet, because right now, around age three, it's all about testing the outer limits of life. How far she can stretch herself yet still have the security of you.
I also have a surprise blog entry that won't be ready for a while, it will be a running commentary over the next couple weeks. It will be kinda like a more specific blow-by-blow, thought-by-thought kind of thing. Stay tuned for that :)
Credited with writing essays, poetry, plays, biographies, and novels, this would be like having a combination of Allen Ginsberg and Issac Asimov on the $50 note (which, truth be told, is something I would pay $50 for the U.S. Mint to do).
Riley figured it was just a neighbor.
*2 cloves garlic
10 Muscle-Ups
1 razayya
3. Combine 2/3 cup milk and the next 4 ingredients (through black pepper) in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring with a whisk until smooth. Cook for 2 minutes or until mixture is thick and bubbly, stirring constantly. Spoon mixture into a large bowl, and let stand for 10 minutes. Stir in spinach, cheese, and egg yolks.
Some 20th-century records do show him as Joseph, but at some point he decided on a signature that suited him.
Facebook’s rooftop QR code
Saturday Afternoons from 2 to 5
We may not fly home tomorrow with any more answers, but it has been an amazing and worthy journey. From the outpouring of love and support during the fundraisers and the opportunity to meet with AMC experts, to the chance to spend this time together as a family, we see that it has been a journey designed just for us.
Disclaimer: This article contains photos of a goat and sheep being slaughtered. They may be disturbing to anyone with a weak stomach/vegetarians/vegans/people who don’t like to know where they get their meat from. Rest assured it was conducted as humanely as possible.
Crossing things off lists
Continuing with CB's European Honeymoon-Inspired Travel Journal series, remember all my teases about my impending trip to fabulous Provence? Well, the photos are finally edited and today I get to share with you Part One of our incredible escape to this magical slice of French countryside. Like I said last week, I firmly believe that this location would make for a dream honeymoon ... J and I were swept away with the beauty ... the landscapes, the lighting, the incredible architecture and the phenomenal history make this region such a fun place to see and enjoy - perfect for a pair of lovebirds! ;o)
She disciplines herself and exits.
How long before it becomes the latest celebrity, detox, weight-loss aid, though:
Unfortunately, there are a lot of very biased works on Islam. Particularly anything written before 1977 (the publication of Orientalism) tends to work from the assumption that Islam is corrupted or evil. But there are some very good recent general works on Islamic belief and custom. As ridiculous as it sounds, Islam for Dummies is actually quite good (it appeared on every intro reading list I had as an undergraduate, and I have continued that trend with my own students). It gives a brief overview of Islamic history, but focuses primarily on the modern period. The Very Short Introduction to Islam written by Malise Ruthven is also very good, although slightly slanted to modern concerns over Islamism – it’s a short work, and he devotes a significant section of it to the nature of jihad, which I would argue is an unfair representation of the concerns of Islamic theology.
Once all the base cabinets were in, we could finally lay down a real floor on top of the plywood underlayment that had been our floor surface up to that point. We chose a vinyl composite tile (exactly like commercial floors) for its vintage look as well as its durability as we knew that during the rest of the phases of construction that the kitchen floor would have to survive a lot. The tiles (made by Armstrong) had to be installed using a caustic smelling runny adhesive that came in large buckets. The adhesive had to be troweled on with a specific toothed trowel, left to sit for a couple of minutes, and then the tile could be set on it. We learned to do workable patches of adhesive instead of trying to trowel large areas. We found ourselves laughing as we repeatedly got hands and shoes stuck on the adhesive because it was just like Wile E. Coyote in the old Warner Brothers Roadrunner cartoons with his “Acme glue” getting stuck on the railroad tracks right before a train bears down on him. We laughed as we joked about the possibility of a train barreling through our kitchen while we were stuck to the floor.
Described as lighter fare than his most famous projects offer, this series sounds a little like a brighter version of Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
and cascading vines
So, I guess what I'm saying here people is that sometimes this ride is hell bent on breaking you down. You've got to keep looking for those silver linings. Keep looking for a way out of the darkness. You'll find it. It gets so much better than this. You gotta have faith.
9.Once the mixture comes as a mass,also the ghee starts to ooze out stop adding ghee.
So being me, addicted to all kinds of hobbies and crafts, can't resist attempting the felt cupcakes... But as there was no dimensions given, i did my own 'agaration' (estimation)... and really it was kind of last min, i used a ribbon as the cupcake casing....
One year for Lent, I decided that rather than giving up something, I would find a way to improve my life (and the lives of others) during those 40 days and 40 nights. It started with my grandparents. All of my grandparents lived in Ohio, so they lived about four hours away from our family. They were all very important to me (Lola, John (who my son is named after), Edna (or Nanny as she preferred to be called) and Trav) and I realized that even with the distance, I could build a stronger relationship to them during Lent by starting a letter writing campaign. I decided to write to all of them every week during Lent and it felt good to connect with them in a note beyond the typical thank-you note: I was writing something deeper about how they impacted my life and why they were important to me.
Close to Esztergom. The road is narrow but there was not much traffic.
This next bit is really for my dad, who is off strolling the streets of Paris or hitting up the nightclubs in Barcelona or charming snakes in Morocco or something along those lines as we speak. My point is, he is not here to see my new bike! New bike! Holla!
When I left my fiance a few years ago, I went through some rough times. It was a period of time when I had the unfortunate experience of learning who my true friends were. It was hurtful when some friends that I thought were true friends, turned against me. Logically, I know that these "friends" were never true friends to begin with...but it still hurt. I came out of the whole experience stronger though, and secure in knowing who I could always count on in my life. Anna is one of the people who stuck by me. She let me know, in every possible way that she could, that she would always be there for me, and she would always be my friend. She never judged me. She never waivered her opinion about the entire situation. She just stuck by me like any true best friend would do. Anna was the definition of loyalty. I've never met anyone else who could even come close to the amount of loyalty that Anna showed her friends. I think part of what is so hard right now is that I always knew that she would be there and that I could always count on her. But now if I need her, she isn't there and I can't wrap my mind around that fact just yet.
put out a song called "Language of Violence" that was about
Friday night was dinner out with some of L's coworkers, out from back East. Of course, we took them to our favourite steakhouse - which is a fine dining establishment. This means a fancy outfit! Woo hoo!
Hi Singapore tourists!
Ingredients for 4: 1 large cucumber, 4 large salad tomatoes, 1 pack 150g Feta, 1/4 red onion or 2 red spring onions, Greek olives, oregano (fresh or dried), salt & pepper, olive oil, red wine vinegar
I MAY BE IN THE RUNNING FOR WORST MOM OF THE YEAR AWARD!
with it. I started with Big Boys Don’t Dance written and performed by Bradley and Ash Searle.
Anyway, without further ado I'll hand you over to the lady herself, Mary Hoffman.
*Do you or have you ever had spondylitis?
people are making a big deal about
Challenge 7: March 25
I nod my head.
Ron Paul is a bit of a maverick. One of his basic problems is that he’s in the wrong party. Paul’s views make him a natural leader of the Libertarians but, since they don’t have any national clout, he has to settle for being a Republican. The guy has the advantage of being pretty consistent and faithful to his principles; the problem is that these principles
This past Saturday, despite the threat of 3" of snow, Jeremy and I ventured north to see two new (for him) schools. It was my second visit to New Paltz, but my first to Bard. We lucked out weatherwise-there was no accumulation of the flurries we experienced and the sun came out in the afternoon. My cousin Beverly and her family accompanied us caravan style, and the whole outing was lots of fun.
We recall and laugh.
Performance test
But the rest of the time I was sucking his cock.
You’d be competent to go places where others would simply die only to have a shot at visiting. Moreover, choosing capable of consume gourmet meals and relish the fresh and invigorating ocean breeze right as part of your office. Certainly, anyone would need to have this type of relaxing work place.
Siencyn and I were enjoying a pint of Felinfoel, the force that drives the green fuse through Gorseinon, at the Reading Real Ale Festival some years back. The juxtaposition of beer with Englishmen - and this alone - naturally bade us speak Welsh.
The past three nights our family watched the Lord of the Rings. (Having seen it several times previously, this was our first time watching it in Blu-Ray. It was distinctly brighter, more vivid, and certainly more enjoyable than ever. Great movie, but I digress.)
My running has taken a back seat for the last few weeks, mainly because of work (a no go blog post-wise unfortunately) so racing is not on the agenda. However the late nights and long stints cooped up at a desk makes me value my runs more and I'm actually enjoying myself when I do get out. Never a bad thing and has helped me shake my "meh" mentality. ;)
Céline: Yeah, but when I do it quickly makes me nauseous! It’s a disaster… I mean I’m really happy only when I’m on my own. Even being alone…it’s better than…sitting next to a lover and feeling lonely. It’s not so easy for me to be all romantic. You start off that way and after you’ve been screwed over a few times…you…you…you forget about all your delusional ideas and you just take what comes into your life. That’s not even true I haven’t been…screwed over, I’ve just had too many blah relationships. They weren’t mean, they cared for me, but… there were no real…connection or excitement. At least not from my side.
So, what do you get when you cross a mom who hasn't slept in more than a month, one who is stuck inside the house for 4 days, and one who is trying so hard to be nurturing and sympathetic to a child who cries and whines 24/7? (and all of the effort goes nowhere....)
The foundation for our universal interest should be the desire to be after God’s own heart and to do all things that are pleasing to Him. When I think of denominations I automatically think of division. Once we ask someone a question and they give us an answer, we sort their answer to make sense of it and to accumulate it to our memory. I am sure everyone has their own personal reasons for choosing to associate with specific denominations but I challenge everyone to think about what makes a Methodist different from a Lutheran and both of them different from a Presbyterian? There is only one God. How can there be thousands of segregated denominations serving the one true God but each with their own set of beliefs? What does it mean to be a different type of Christian? Or for two individuals to be Christian but to believe different things? God is the same God today as He was yesterday and the same God to me as He is to you. He won’t tell me to believe one truth and tell you to believe another. He is a consistent God, never changing ( Malachi 3:6). There is a space of confusion somewhere and I know for sure that our Father is not the author of confusion (1 Corinthians 14:33) . I suggest that to prevent ourselves from falling into the pit of confusion that we each be aware of what is causing the misunderstanding. God’s Word doesn’t contradict itself so the contradictions and the disagreements are something stemming from a different spirit. Test the spirit by the Spirit.
But last summer one of my non-art friends said something to me that really changed my perspective. She said to me, "I could never do what you do and not just because I have no talent, I don't have the stamina it takes to make that leap of faith every time you sit down to work."
The swap is where she gathers some bloggers around the country and swap homemade/bought good!!
Eventually I realised I it wasn’t going to go away, and I didn’t want to just abandon life.
To be just me...I'm still working on it. I fell off the path a lil while ago but that handy GPS got me back to where I needed to be. I can honestly say I'm happy today as was I yesterday and the day before. My mom noticed the subtle change of dullness to smile. I thought it was just the weather lately for me losing the light a lil bit. Cj is helping me bring it back and the funny part is he doesn't even realize I think how happy he does make me. He brings out just me...
Cat Eye Liner II – A.E. Meth
off to NYC tonight for the Bright Pink event with some of my best friends and boyfriend - gonna be lots of fun and yummy cocktails and great discussions - SO excited!!!
The dome of St Paul’s Cathedral is an excellent place from which to view the rooftops of London. The climb to the top is well worth the effort – on your way, you pass through the whispering gallery, where your whisper on one side can be heard at the other of the dome.
Twitter: Hockey_Boggs
My day job still totally rocks and I'm loving it. There for awhile I was working a ton of hours, not because they required it but because I was so busy learning everything that it would take for this new venture of mine. Life is good right now, even added another dog to my family which means I now have a total of 5 doggies. Yeah, it's a bit of an addiction I must admit and I plea a moment of insanity when I got this most recent one. But she's a sweetie...a Blue Merle Sheltie with one brown eye and one blue.
Visit Reykjavík celebrates the results of the study.
This will be a surprise to Ed, who had not actually entered the competition.
LW, the longer you let this happen, the more horrible it’s going to be when you eventually run out of patience and leave for good. Don’t talk to her anymore, and find someone new. This situation is poison and it’s not going to change.
I know John and Anna in the community of dancers who meet every Sunday morning, Monday night, Wednesday night, Friday night. Week after week. Month after month. Year after year… for closing in on two decades now. I see John here right next to me; leaning slightly against me. Wiggling. Jumping up and down. Dancing in quirky ways. Music loud. People moving in ways that’d get them arrested in any supermarket checkout line. Such great joy… shared with each other. And more…somehow, magically, dancing is an antidote to suffering. The energy of dancing together; that joy. Transcendent. Those who dance together are close knit family.
My wine for the evening was the 2007 Fabre Montmayou, Patagonia, Barrel Select, Malbec. I’ve had this one a few times and it’s a very nice wine from the lowest region of Argentina. Priced at $16 it’s an excellent food wine with rich cherry flavors and hints of pepper and spice.
I am sure you have the computer, phone and camera gear covered... but if you want to know what I use... Have a browse here...
Mallo Cup is very similar to the Cup O' Gold but is slightly smaller, measuring 1.75" across and only 0.5" thick. The filling is a little more dry and there's only a hint of coconut flavor/texture. Mallo Cup was introduced in the late 1930s where it became the most notable treat offered by Boyer Brothers, Inc. Today, Boyer Candies, operated by Consolidated Brands, offers two varieties of Mallo Cups, the original in milk chocolate and a dark version as well. The principal ingredient is marshmallow not coconut so I'm even surprised that our Acolyte could taste it but the coconut is right there on the label.
The chicken was awesome. Marinate was very nicely done. Beautifully crisp on the outiside, juicy on the inside. Nice. The roasted peanuts and crisp anchovies provided some crunch. And the chilli was sweet, with a tinge of heat.
She had sent shivers
Visual Artist and Producer Will Unveil Her New LED Installation
I’ve sat a size 16 and 24 snap cap side by side. With the
Part of my routine is to take a break between edits of my novel by entering a competition or sending something to a small press outfit that accepts submissions at the moment. Often these are pieces of flash fiction or other short fiction. And I find as I drive, iron, wash-up, shop or walk I get thousands of ideas that are like dandelion seeds in the wind: they disappear again before I have time to write them down. As I talk to my first year university class about what they might include in their autobiography assignments I think of snatches of life-writing I might compose – and then
Feed your Dream Today!!!!
or like us just a plain honest to goodness show off.
Yes. A glass shop. Who sells glass and plexiglass.
Nana’s friend, shes a member of the broadcasting/annoucnement room staff, she’s a very shy girl and tends to panic under pressure and shyness, just look at Sae from Amagami… no words can explain the remeblance I see in her and Sae, only they have different reason to ask sempai to train them, her shyness to Sae’s fat fear?
Yes, for you others of the otaku bent, you probably already know what I'm talking about: yaoi. Boys' love written for women by women, and, no, I can't explain why that works. Heck, I still can't put my finger on why I've found so much of it compelling. I've liked into pornography or sought out graphic sex of any sort (though it hasn't much bothered me either) as long as the story was good, as long as it wasn't effectively pornography with no romance, no story, no characters.In yaoi, there is a LOT of sex, often drawn graphically and copiously. Frequently in a first chapter. Sometimes on the first page. In color.
Noone knows, and I did say NOONE, when He is going to return. Only God knows, and I kinda of think that maybe He hasn’t decided yet when that will be. That’s a guess on my part, who knows? Only God does.
Musician, lead singer for Coldplay, vegan, spouse of Gwyneth Paltrow.
I stamped the Hero Arts sentiment onto vellum, added some pearls and of course everything was sprayed with Perfect Pearls. 'Tis the season for shimmer!
- When these prophecies were first delivered, concerning the ruin of Babylon, of Idumea, and of other nations, which were devoted to destruction by the Almighty for their iniquities; the prophets speak of these calamities, in the high wrought language, familiar to the Eastern nations, and they could only be understood figuratively of what was to happen to them. In their literal sense, the Sun and moon and stars continued to shine as before, without any essential alteration in them; nor can it be made to appear, that the prophets had any allusion to a literal completion of the dissolution of these powers; it being their frequent practice to speak in a metaphorical, without regarding the literal sense of their expressions.
Many of you are familiar with what I am talking about. Why? Because, as soon as the high school season ends, those traveling weekends begin. Especially if your son or daughter has been identified as a “blue chipper” or in the words of Dick Vitale, a “Diaper Dandy.” Boo, and his mom for that matter, has been knee deep in organizing transportation and washing uniforms in their homes for years. You see, for those who have not experienced that system, it is very rarely supported with your tax dollars like the high school system and the local school buses aren’t driving these teams around. It is hard-working moms and dads who give up their weekends and nights to make it happen. Taking time away from their jobs, families, etc to make sure those kids travel whenever and wherever to be seen by some of the biggest coaches in the game.
Round 4 (102)
Color
11. The attendees there can be extra amorous and need a good cattle prod to keep them away. I met two men who I assumed were a romantic couple given their behaviors, but it took some strong words and defensive moves to get the message across that I was not interested. I spoke to a married (heterosexual) couple at Tales who also had the same problem even with their partner physically present and trying to ward off the advances. If I go to Tales again, I'm bringing some neutering devices and lowering the device engagement threshold. No, I'm not joking. When you see the hemostats come out, you better start running.
Yesterday and today Brent was easily frustrated more than usual. His train fell off the track, and he crumpled to the floor in a dramatic mess of cries and toddler-like curses at his "choo-choo." His fork fell off the plate and he laid his head on the table as if it were gone forever. You don't even want to hear about what happened when the dog refused to play with him! Something was wrong in his world and he was feeling defeated in almost every aspect. Finally, after a few moments of cuddling on the couch, I explained to him that it didn't help to behave that way, but he needed to tell Mama what was bothering him so I could help. He pouted and fidgeted for a moment and then proceeded to tell me in his quasi-speech/sign-language that the "ain up high go 'way now me go out-ide 'ay!" (Translation: "Rain up high go away now so I can go outside to play!") Did I mention it has been rainy and dreary for four days?!?
Bruce Kent
4. Humility
I watched the England v Kazakhstan game on Saturday. It was a scrappy affair not helped by the state of the pitch but, in the end, we got the result even though none of the team performed outstandingly. It’s always nice being able to watch two Manchester City players in England shirts as well.
Materials needed for monkey finger puppet:
The Good, who always ultimately prevail at the last moment when all seems lost, always fight to preserve what is ancient and ordained by the order of the natural world.
Hurry...
The rise in vibration is in you and all around you. To some, this can knock them off their feet. Many things appear in your day to day lives that give you the choice to heal. When you release things that have been tied to you on such a deep, core, soul level it can leave you unbalanced or depleted. It is important that you take the time to restore yourself.
So today is a wedding anniversary (mine, could be yours as well, you haven't shared that information with me yet so I have no way of knowing now, do I?) and I wanted to primp a little for our shinkansen (high-speed bullet train) trip.
The PlayBook has actually aged quite well. The computing hardware and screen is still competitive to current tablets on the market. BlackBerry 10 would likely make existing PlayBook owners very happy although by the time the OS hits later this year, companies and consumers might shy away from the older tablet. But as long as the 4G PlayBook isn’t tied to a two-year contract like other carrier-sold tablets, RIM might be able to sell several to those still addicted to their crackberrys.
291. Pad Thai & Veggie Spring Rolls from Thai Place (Phoenixville, PA) @ Home – 1:20 p.m.
“These parties will pay a heavy price for Perkasa antics. The voters will punish component parties for being associated with Umno. Malaysians are sick and tired of this gutter politics,” he said.
Flour, wheat* and white
Love, Leslie
Happy Trail Makin' and happy month number 10!!!
After some time spent on the internets, I found these FREE Patriotic printables! They are great for Fourth of July and Memorial Day parties, but I'm being careful to not let my son's birthday be too overshadowed by the holiday, so I'm utilizing just a few of the offerings.
Protocol and Business Etiquette
~Hugs,
And thank you all for your comments and private emails. I am locking those emails in the vault to be published upon my death in a book called "I've Seen Your Blog and I'm Still Laughing".
If you’re the current holder of The Shorts and the next winner is from a different country, remember to send the winner a souvenir of your country along with The Shorts.
Alan gave the option of ‘Flights of Fancy’ but as this was the title of an earlier post about Prince Charles at Cranwell, I decided to go with the RFC theme, especially as it had been my suggestion and I felt somewhat responsible. Don’t forget to let Alan and Kat know if you have a favourite theme, date or idea. Even better join us in the Sepia Saturday Facebook group which is proving to be lots of fun.
"Now the task is in our hands. In the past, before 1994, we could say we were not able to do anything because the wrong people were in government.
1162. Sunflower Seeds in My Car (West Virginia-ish, USA) 1:18 p.m.
medium pieced squares (10 1/2") 26 total- (19 orange, 7 gray)
And to keep you secret has been hell
Our hearts race, our energy levels immediately get a boost, and we feel wonderful!
Think not of them, thou hast thy music too,-
The session in which three publishers talked about process, discipline, waltzing and the vise. (Not vice)
can be found on the street
Gigantic monsters that "swim" in the sea of silt. These beasts attack those on the surface with their many, long tentacles and attempt to pull them down to be devoured. There are several different colors and subspecies of silt horror, some larger and some smaller. This is an "average" specimen.
"I've got something to tell you"
Bluegrass Brewing Company Bourbon Barrel Rye Porter
Review: Panerai PAM00372 - Luxury Insider: "In this new column, we offer a verite-style take on luxury watches, with a few quick snaps, some witty banter and unapologetically personal opinions. Here, I try my hand at the Officine Panerai PAM00372"
From challenge #104 only creations using StitchyBear store products will be elligible to win our main prize. There is always freebies and cut price images available at the store ;O)
So paying for the cover and returning home I could smell what was brewing, afraid to walk into the bathroom to see if the towel was hanging off the ceiling or something dreadful was attempting to crawl from that pipe.
The absolutely nuts people are mostly not normal. They are perpetually unemployed because there isn’t a job out there that will accommodate their creative genius. I have italicized the words, because these people are neither creative or genius. They are the ones who truly believe there is no one in the world who understands them. The few friends they have are also absolutely nuts and none of them can carry on a coherent conversation. They labor for months and years and decades, even, on the one piece of music or literature or art that they tell you will one day catapult them into fame and fortune. One has to wonder if there’s any work in progress at all because they won’t let you see it.
Think we would make the perfect couple? Well then, show your support when you Rate, Comment, Subscribe, Share!
Audience: how do you stop special interests
I was very proud of both of them!
Just eight blocks away? Looks like I need to check this place out.
The 200-card base set will be divided into five 40-card subsets. Four of those will feature a variety of players, although mostly current stars, on cards meant to evoke one of four classic Topps designs: 1954, 1971, 1980 and 1984. The remaining 40 cards make up the short-printed All-Time Fan Favorites subset. Like the All-Time Fan Favorites sets of the middle part of the last decade
He's got this dream about buyin' some land
Anti-Drug/Tight-wads/Liars
The finished product after it dried. Way cuter than what I started with. I'm still thinking it needs some more work though. I think I will probably add some cute ribbon around the key hooks.
U.S. Department of Energy. (July, 1993). Recommended management practices for operation and closure of shallow injection wells at DOE facilities. Report no. ANL/EA/RP–80447. NTIS order no. DE93019531. Argonne National Laboratory, IL and the Ground Water Protection Council, Oklahoma City, OK. 143 pp.
(C) jp 4-29-12
The radioactive agent is harmless to people, Mitsui Chemicals claimed.
Then our own C of E’s Bishop Alan (of Buckingham) shares some thoughts on social media and learning — developing the use of Facebook, Foursquare, Twitter. Diary function and sharing snippets is probably best done, he says, by Facebook, news by Twitter, recce information about places for exploring by Foursquare.
Michael Dudikoff (The Human Shield)
Receptionist: Forgive me sir, but need I remind you how our conversation ended abruptly because of your beloved’s call?
In the opposite coast
You the faithful few who make this a regular stop know that we spent a great amount of time and effort to warn the American public on this and other blogs. But alas, some did not listen.
Alrighty! That's a might embarassing list, I must say. All are true, but one. Yep, I do/have done all those things but one. Can you find it???
The film is thus a study in feminine vulnerability and fear. Argento allows the tension to build and build. At one point, he zooms in for a closeup on Suzy and Sara, their heads pressed together in conspiratorial whispering, the whole image filtered red. The women are talking about the odd snoring of one of their teachers, sleeping nearby, her silhouette cast against a curtain, black in the red room. It would be innocuous or even comical, except that Argento pitches it towards unhinged terror, the two women looking terrified, working themselves into a state of weird excitation over the raspy snoring of an old woman.
When coming up with ideas for the 2004 film I, Robot starring Will Smith, Rick inspired the character Del Spooner losing his left arm. As a child, I also watched The Million Dollar Man and Bionic Woman. The name “Del” was inspired by the Delphic Sibyl, a legendary figure who made prophecies in the sacred precinct of Apollo at Delphi.
OU: This was one dusty set! Thank Ford for free bandanas earlier that day! I'm sure just about everyone at this one was drunk and/or stoned out of their minds. Non stop dancing and jumping and crowd surfing and all kinds of painted toplessness and glow sticks, etc. I just stood still, covering my nose, mouth and gear. I remember getting to the Other Tent a few minutes before Gogol started and already being tired enough to pass out then and there with the music blasting. Some people already had, one had to watch out for people sleeping throughout the grounds at night.
Unwinding the envelope's cotton fastening, Mackinson opened the flap and extracted a single sheet of cream-laid paper, noting the airline tickets and money still inside. Typewritten. Double-spaced. No signature. He knew there would be no fingerprints, either. At the top the quotation from Macauley:
Yes, any actual singing on these evenings takes second place to these other exercises. Correction; discipline, etc. This final exercise is also in the interests of disciplinary training according to our choirmaster. It is nothing less than a hard and stinging spanking of Delia's bare bottom.
This right tackle was needed in an offensive line that was depleted. The Giants enjoy his old school type of play. They think he will fit in very well with their plans. He is quite large, weighing in at 318 pounds. He is a former tight end and defensive end before bulking up. He will take the spot of Kareem McKenzie on the line and hopefully David Diehl stays at left tackle. He has been compared to Diehl in his physical presence and fundamental understanding of the game.
My personal favorite is the misuse of the word caramel. As there is an a in the middle of the word, I would think this would be quite easy to pronounce. Did people eat so many car-a-mels that that they felt one more syllable was just too much to take? “My mouth is just too tired, can I have a car-mel please?”
That’s an even more Biblical definition of Justification. God made Jesus to be sin for you and me, even though Jesus Himself never sinned, so that we might be made the righteousness of God in Jesus.
There was no rousing speech from Moses, just the salt water fresh in their nostrils. God’s people, having experienced God’s grace through His great deeds, responded with a song of praise. and it wasn’t just then. Throughout Scripture we see this same pattern. When God does something for His people, their joy and thanksgiving overflows into song. Life is a musical, not a play.
1 scant tsp. salt
side by side upon the page –
It seemed odd to think that only thirty hours ago I had been sitting in a Starbucks having coffee. But then that man with the formidable mustache had sat down next to me. He made me an offer and I'd run through the gamut of usual excuses, but to no avail. And actually, I couldn't pull off the hypocrisy of not wanting a million bucks. But I played it casual and said, "How ironic, you of all people would need my help."
Old ones and new
I learnt that maybe I shouldn’t just go on dates with people who are the ‘safer’ option. Although, my friend did insist I needed to stop being so picky, I also need to be a little more specific. Plus this guy did kiss my nose on the first date, I mean, WOAH, slow it down Mr BBC.
"We need to show more appreciation for each other"
Thank you so much for visiting this blog. Look out for my best 08 reads in the next post.
I recorded this one ridiculously close to the left speaker stack which resulted in a quite clean, in your face recording. I'm very happy with the results because I plan to listen to this one over and over again.
- pop it in a tuppaware type box and freeze until, well, frozen
and keeps all of your child's important information in
Still the cafe-song pulses. Medical terms sing out from the nurses-in-training studying at a nearby, book laden table. The blender whirs its tune of frozen caffeine and sugar. The speakers blare pop music, jarring, much of the tunes and lyrics meaningless. Some of it despairing.
I started using my trusty hand held grater:
me today -- and if you are in need of some adorable and original images,
There were photographs I wanted to take
If they sign up you can have more opportunities to make contact with them and hopefully build rapport and trust and eventually turn them into paying customers.
Why do they do that?
In the past fortnight there’s an increase in reports of child abuse.
In case you haven't heard, the Auburn Tigers won the BCS National Championship on Monday night! We were there in Glendale, Arizona, to cheer them on to victory.
I made sure to not look at my starting measurements so I wouldn’t be tempted to cheat and place the measuring tape on a thinner part of my body. I feel awesome! So awesome, in fact, that I walked to work today even though it was a bit chilly and more than a bit windy.
There's a few things you can see in here.
Was it the Frog? Was it Superman? No! It was a young, handsome French lifeguard! Woo hoo! Sadly, he was trying to drag me out of the water. A wave came, he gestured with his head and we dove under, me still hanging on to my clothes.
A friendly look, a kindly smile, one good act, and life’s worthwhile. ~Author Unknown
I like Daryl. Yeah, there are good characters and bad characters and I enjoyed the deaths of both Dale and Shane, but I can't stand watching seemingly intelligent people do stupid things over and over again just for the sake of drama.
The physical recovery may appear to go quickly, but the mental and emotional recovery does not go along as quickly.
