Meanwhile the girl just stares at him blankly.
Next up is Blog of Christmas Future: Some big announcements are headed your way!
Last night I made TJ a spicy curry. He’s still not quite over his cold so we’re trying to kill it with hot peppers, Phó and lots of water. Phó isn’t Paleo because of the rice noodles and bean sprouts, but it’s so good we can’t resist.
As always, the export agencies did well, mostly networking with each other, from what I could tell. Only two major record labels that I could see had stands: a modest one for Warner Records Group, and a much more ornate one at the other end of the hall from us for Universal Music Group, which had, to me, the coolest feature: a sign made out of water. Operating somewhat on the principle of a dot-matrix printer, this thing had a long tube high above the floor with many tiny holes in it which were lined up with the floor, on which there was a drain. Water pumped up the side was released in controlled bursts which turned the falling water into letters. It even had different fonts. Cool as it was, I'm just as happy we weren't situated next to the constant splash! splash! splash! the thing made.
“Susan & Sabrina did an excellent job, I am very happy. I highly recommend them.”
& seeing my little boy smile again.
The Gray Court series is absolutely fantastic. We get to meet Leprechauns, Sidhe, halvsies, dragons, seers, and all kinds of supernaturals in this series, which has two books thus far.
I opened my eyes with the pain still there but this time I saw more doctors and nurses around. They asked me to PUSH. I tried. I heard myself SCREAM, and I had a feeling that it was not the first nor the last scream! I screamed to them to do something about the pain at the same time that I realized that my request and my pain meant nothing to them. I got nobody’s attention! This repeated many times that I thought it would never end!
The major change is the addition of technology. Primarily: the use of QR codes to identify and share information about objects; the use of iPads as interactive displays; and a framework which links in-gallery and online comments together into a ‘conversation’ about the objects. It looks like a relatively small technology budget has been used very imaginatively.
So there’s little point of me abandoning my collection of cycling jerseys and chamois-less cycling shorts and tights that I’ve acquired over the years. I have spent the money over the decades, so I’ll wear my cycling shorts and tights. It is actually cheaper for me to wear a pair of cycling shorts and hence, have one pair of hard-to-find petite dress pants last several years longer.
Again, I invite anyone with a letter from Leschek Jankowski or any of his relatives who may have more information about his fate to contact me. I’m grateful to James for reaching out to me and sharing this second letter.
Here is my word for word translation of this passage: No one you let deceive in empty words; through these for comes the anger of the God upon the sons of the disobedience. Not then become co-partakers of them; you were from then dark, now but light in Lord; as children of light walk! The for fruit of the light in all goodness and rightness and truth – proving what is is well-pleasing to the Lord, and not be co-partner in the works the fruitless of the dark, more but also rebuke.
I would like to think I'm a lot like Jim. I like a good laugh. Lightens the mood - ya know.
Submissions may be made in the form of:
Wow its been a little while since I have blogged. I guess I should tell you what's been going on in our household. During christmas break we just hung out at home, nothing too thrilling. But we put up our Christmas tree and McGuire absolutely LOVED it! He calls it a treet, and instead of leaving it alone like a good little boy McGuire has to throw all of his toys at it. Every morning we had to turn on the lights and weren't aloud to touch it after, it was HIS treet.
all was there, was all I was
1/4 cup of cream
The 1-415-929-9923 corporate phone numbers above have been confirmed by both our “Scam Watch Team” and (CSW’s) readership. On a number of occasions. But please feel free to comment below if you have indeed called one or both of the above numbers and let us know if they are indeed helpful. In solving any issues you came across.
1 sprig of rosemary
Thank you all so much for your support! This community means so much to me! It means so much to "hang out" with others who have "been there, done that"
Community Over Mining is a new campaign initiative to create a secure bio-region free from mining for our agricultural rich and environmentally significant area north and east of Latrobe Valley, Gippsland, Victoria, AUSTRALIA.
“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.” John 1:1
A few weeks ago I wrote a post about George R.R. Martin’s A Game of Thrones. I had really enjoyed the HBO series and was pleased to find that the book was even better leaving me eager to pick up the next installment in the Song of Ice and Fire series. It took me longer than I would have liked, but I was finally able to read A Clash of Kings and it did not disappoint. This second book picks up right where the first left off with the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros fractured and stuck in a tug-of-war between five different self-proclaimed kings; of course by the end that number is diminished.
Myth No. 12: Once you buy a life insurance policy, you can stop thinking about it.
(set time to be announces)
But Mikovits says there is currently no treatment for CFS aside from cognitive behavioural therapy to help patients cope with the disorder’s crippling effects.
At that point, blogging felt like work. I had so many other things going on in my life that I could no longer see the day-to-day funny inherent in parenting. And I certainly couldn’t muster the energy to conjure up a voice that had hitched a ride to the calmer side of town.
1-4 1/4" by 8 1/2" rectangle in cardstock. Score this at 5 1/2" inches and fold.
“My plane lands in Atlanta at five-something, and it will take me an hour or so to get out to Roswell where this hotel is located. You’ve shipped—”
"Ano ba yan. Hayaan mo sila. Ako bahala sa iyo. We'll have a weekend you'll never forget."
Hanging wires while you run through calf high water and jump over hay bales. I was using my hat to swat wires and missed on thy hit me on the forehead between the eyes and made my teeth chatter together!
I’m only 20 and I haven’t seen the world as a whole. I’ve been confined to the walls of my home, school and social circle all my life that my personal view on lifestyle can be somewhat seen as naive and shallow, but it won’t stay at that. People aren’t inborn with lifestyles of their own, it can’t exactly be defined by one person. We all have plenty of time to grow our insights on lifestyle, no matter how old we are. With our city being more globalized (excuse this cliche, I do apologize. I tried to avoid it.), we are being exposed to different lifestyles everyday.
wash off your face and dance.
view my theme at Instagram.
I’m just back from the IMCW week-long retreat at Seven Oaks. Seven days of silent practice. I’m a bit bleary, but inspired. I was up at 5:45 to lead morning yoga and each day I was fully engaged. Mornings were filled with back to back interviews and I did a dharma talk, led a metta meditation and afternoon yoga. I’d fall into bed each night pretty spent.
My father used to ask if I took requests, to which he'd add, "Can you play "far, far, away?"
05. The Narrator (Adamkewitz/Braun) - 4:08
He was held in custody overnight, amongst hostile black prisoners, and it was made very clear to him and other bloggers that the powers that be in South Africa had been taken a strong interest in WSAS and were no longer prepared to permit it to continue revealing the truth to such a wide audience.
While our daughter played on the playground apparatus and showed off for some local boys by being able to climb a structure that they couldn’t, my lovely wife looked up into the summer sky and directed our attention to the following celestial display, which I document below…
We don’t have a very big garden and consequently, we don’t have a very big shed. So, once the plant pots, shredder, potatoes, spades, fork, spare netting, canes, and lawn mower** are in there, there is standing room only. In addition, when we bought our shed, we chose to have one without windows (the weak point in the old shed), so once the door is closed it’s both claustrophobic and dark. Call me picky, but I don’t find that combination particularly relaxing.
EMI is also in the news, having failed to get a summary judgement against the MP3 resale website ReDigi, meaning the case will now get a full court hearing which will examine the digital company's claim that it is possible that American copyright law allows consumers to resell MP3s as the ‘first sale’ doctine must to apply in the digital space as much as it applies to CDs and vinyl. Whilst Judge Richard Sullivan declined to accept a amicus curiae brief from web giant Google, he has decided that it would be inappropriate to find in EMI's favour without giving its claim full consideration, mainly because he didn't feel the major had proven "irreparable harm" in its initial legal papers.
I think this may be the best manicure I've ever done. Thanks Ashley for the original inspiration & to Candice of Mr. Candiipants for helping me figure out how to accomplish the look. Thanks for reading!
I got a kick out of the label on one of the bottles of wine:
the smoothness of the netbook keys under my finger tips
Warping things up with today's 2 to 3-D ideas lets take a look at a lesson often referred to as "Common threads." I've seen this lesson done by several teachers but I think I have tracked the original idea to Bunki Kramer of Los Cerros MS. I don't know if she still teachers, but there are amazing lessons on her school website.
(With thanks to Tess at Magie Tales for the photo)
1 small can mild enchilada sauce
In physics you very rarely ever directly measure the thing you are interested in. To measure the spacing between atoms in a crystal structure we don’t use a ruler to determine the spacing, we bounce electrons or x-rays off of the atoms and look at the diffraction pattern. To measure forces, we don’t hook systems up to a spring scale, instead we stick a tiny piece of piezo-electric material in place and measure the voltage created by squeezing the piezo. The secret to being good at physics is learning how to sneak up on what you want to measure, but to get at it by measuring something else all together, something that allows you to deduce what it is you really want to know. I always imagine its like trying to see something clearly without looking directly at it, only using the corner of your eye to see. Schlieren imaging is another example of this.
"With my sincere appreciation for beauty, Drew proudly showed pictures, at my request, of the lovelies he had dated. Doll after doll displayed on the screen and I giggled in awe until suddenly, a sparkling blonde, svelte, wide-eyed, giant-smiled girl appeared. I frowned, “You were with her?” She struck me as absolute aesthetic perfection. When Drew went on to describe her fortunate breeding and her keys to a brand new Bentley I found the envy I worked for years to shed off my being rearing its vile head. I asked her name and rejected it immediately. “Ew, she even has a pretty name! We’ll call her Bertha,” I pronounced and started crying. Drew begged what was wrong, as this is so out of my usual character, but I had no answer but that she was perfect (and that I was PMSing). I described her to my mom as “Me. Only way better.”
Rebecca calls to her friend Victoria 9am in the morning and talks about her night plans.
And you can't beat that.............
JULY 2001 – AUGUST 2002
I promised her I'd do the same, as soon as I had some extra money. So here goes.
-Newt Gingrich barely seems worth talking about anymore but on our last Nevada poll he was polling at 21% in the version of the field that didn't include Palin, Mike Huckabee, or Donald Trump. Now he's at 8%. Gingrich still looked like a viable candidate in April before his May implosion and these numbers are a good measure of just how far his support has fallen.
By 1921, he was relying almost entirely on his skills as a monologist, however, and the act was getting stronger all the time. The juggling shtick was abandoned. A Keith booker caught this new act and installed him at the Colonial and the Alhambra – prestige dates.
So... it looks like we are having one more baby for this family!
And who am I to turn down an opportunity to try out a new book-related social media site? This one in particular intrigued me... curiosity gnawed at me over how it will compare to bookish giants like Goodreads, Shelfari, and LibraryThing which already allow you to add, review, and share books and have the added community of bookish groups, forums, and live video chats with authors - things that BookAnd doesn't offer.
Never believe that publishers know anything about creative writing. If they did, they would be writing books themselves.
Here I am looking at the "other" side of the story and trying to say wait a minute, but in the same time alienating my readers of color.
Paradoxically, Sri Lanka provides an outstanding counter-example to this suggestion. It is widely believed that when the Sinhala hero-king Dutugämunu “slew his Tamil rival, Elara” in the second century BCE, he “paid him in death all the honours due to a soldier and a king.” So, “the spot on which the Tamil king was cremated was to be venerated for all time: no music was to be played there and all persons, even kings had to pass by on foot.”[vii]
For there is an approach to life we must understand.
Lately, I haven’t been very motivated. I get up, do my schoolwork, get some work done on my 4-H projects, write maybe a page of my script, and then read or blog or do something else that isn’t writing 10 pages a day on my script.
1 incomplete
“…really and truly anybody can fool themselves, and if it’s trending and there are so many others around them who think the same, then there’s nothing that will ever question that logic.. I also honestly think it boils down to a culture thing, you can get away with preaching for instance to your white friends about why they shouldn’t listen to western secular music, but those same white friends would never question Afrobeats, because they don’t understand it. It’s pretty much a safe zone.”
After college, Catherine spent some time as a teacher’s assistant, working with children to educate them to the role that human’s play in the earth’s stewardship, and also helping to institute a school lunch program which utilized biodegradable utensils. But sensing that her real work lie outside of the classroom, from there she moved on to spend time at the Agape Sustainable Community in Hardwick, Massachusetts, where she learned about straw bale house construction, composting, harvesting, freezing and preserving while working on the small 1-2 acre organic farm. Here, the cycle of life and it’s varied stages was demonstrated in vivid fashion before her eyes: from the birth of a seedling from the dark dampness of the earth, to the eventual return of any of it’s unused bits to be transformed by composting into rich fertile humus to help germinate future life, the cycles of life revealed themselves to her. At this point, seeing the efficiency and dignity of a self-sufficient system, a desire to live a life within this delicate balance personally generating as small a carbon footprint as possible, was irrevocably instilled within her.
So today was my first scheduled run - a 4k tempo run. In past, I have always run/walked every training run (well, except for hills and speed work) - my body just wasn't ready to do any continuous running. I figure if I honestly want to work at increasing my speed this time, I should try to incorporate some actual tempo runs. Yikes, and today I did!
The other type of imagery is literal. You will see the actual face of a person, a house, a car, a colour, a flower or some other object of significance to the sitter. Ideally you should not disregard anything you see and should give everything to the sitter. However, in doing this you run the risk of also sharing many symbolic things which have been presented to you as clues to something else spirit are pointing you to and thus confusing the situation and putting the sitter off. In an ideal world a reader should being able to differentiate between which things should be shared directly and which should be considered first before sharing to discern their meaning. In practise many people are unable to do that, and even the ‘professional’ psychics with public profiles sometimes get that decision wrong. Coming back to the cryptic crossword analogy again a sceptic would have as much chance of working the clues out as a psychic would, yet they expect psychics to be spot on every time, without mistakes and that’s just not a realistic or fair standard to hold someone to. Some leniency is required but it is rarely given and this speaks more about a sceptics aim in being to confirm their own doubts over the validity of psychic intuition rather than open-mindedly testing their skills and exploring the nature of the phenomenon.
The photo is not mine, I found it on internet, but it still evokes that happy festive feeling. I actually prefer pink champagne to any kind of wine, just love the fizzy bubbles! lilac matting is also from one of the Maja Design papers. Silver figure 2011 is from American Crafts, a bunch of silver and clear stick pins, a music note piece from DA that I've chalked black. Flowers from Prima.
Send the link, where you might be suspicious of a security threat.
If the name "granita" is not familiar to you, it's an icy Italian dessert that resembles shave ice in texture and is possibly the most light and refreshing treat you can make this summer. In the snooty culinary world of terminology I'd call it a "deconstructed" popsicle. The ingredients are simple: fresh squeezed citrus juice, sugar and water.
So, without further ado or babbling, or throwing a pity party...let's catch up.
There was a fire in the hearth, a dark rug and two chairs set in front of it. A beautiful picture window against one wall looked out over the valley. It was getting too dark to enjoy it much now, but she imagined it would be a beautiful sight to wake up to each morning. But the sight that filled her with just a little… alright, a lot… of apprehension was the big bed that took up much of the room.
1 1/2 lbs. cooked , boneless chicken breast, shredded
- Magnetic closure
This is Mo's Fairy #3.
As much as I love zombie movies, I really don't think any of them have ever made me go "awwwww, how cute!" until Fido. A twitterbud (@Heavenztrash) described it as Lassie with zombies, which is a more succinct synopsis than I can come up with (trying not to start chanting "succinct synopsis"). The acting is fab, especially Billy Connolly as Fido. He says more with his facial expressions than a lot of actors can do with a 10 minute monologue. Anybody who enjoyed Shawn of the Dead will love this film. I really want a pet zombie...
Well, between my experiences yesterday, Pink’s comments, and Bacon Biscuit’s comments I’m beginning to wonder a few things.
What a fast project. I also saved one particular pretty envelope from a sender to use as a pocket to store all the address labels that I removed from envelopes. (Why did I do this? Well, it reminds me of the most updated addresses for family and friends) .
Roberta Bellekom’s one-woman show is insightful, never mawkish and darkly humorous. It tells of the decline of Rose, beloved grandmother, but now a distant stranger in her own home. It’s where gentle reminiscence collides with the undignified realities of caring for a loved one in decline.
The show examines cases of extremism in Islam ranging from Theo Van Gogh’s Muhammed Cartoons to the burning of the Satanic Verses. Each of these are verbatim from interviews carried out in the past or ones the DV8 have conducted themselves.
I am staying here with a kind host family where my mother goes by the name Lily. Our house is the only one in the neighbourhood with no gate…talk about positive thinking! The lifestyle here is very different and pretty much every meal consists of beans. Breakfast= Gallo Pinto (beans and rice mixed), lunch and dinner= rice with a side of beans. So basically to sum it up my diet consists of beans, beans, and some more beans. Oh and did I mention I eat a lot of beans? But as a vegetarian it’s just the food I need to stay alive, so I’m all for it. As for the house, I will post pics later on with the permission of the host family, but I’ll provide you with some visuals for now. There’s a mini garden beside the toilet in the bathroom, which has me convinced that a worm is going to jump out at me one of these days and my mother here is a painter and produces the most stunning works of art that are displayed throughout the house.
At present apart from the Court of Women in the US there are two other Courts in preparation – the Colombia Court of Women against Forgetting and for Re-existence to be held in Colombia and the Balkan Court of Women on Justice with Healing to be held in the Balkans region.
every time you leave me...
Of course, such a careful plan could never come to fruition: We started with the Double Cream Stout, then off to the casino, then back home to finish off the Rogue. Now I've got to start making a dent in this inventory.
First Publishing: 1870
Some people wish they could live forever. Some people believe it. But just like riding a bike, your body eventually wears out, and you need to go home.
Bhuta-nritya or spirit-dance; Yakshagana, a unique dance performed in open-air theatres; Naga-mandala and Dakke-bali, an elaborate form of serpent worship; Aliya-santana, the practice of inheritance passing to the nephew (maternal), instead of one’s progeny, are few of the distinctly Tulu features.
I am entering this tag in:
Then came the fiercest of all storms. The wind blew so violently this way and that. Trees all around were dashed to the ground, broken, uprooted, a jangled mess.
He is trying to get a 3G signal is what. What is with this place and roaming?
The film doesn’t just stop with covering the facts. It starts explaining ways to combat human trafficking, and for that I’m so grateful.
come to me now! I miss you so much!
Desmond smiles-"So what's her name?"
This is the food I come home for.
The medium sized prefolds will work at pretty much any age. They can be folded down for newborns and folded in thirds and laid in the cover for toddlers. My favorite way to fold a prefold is the Angel Wing Fold but there are other folds that can be used too. You can find some nice fold tutorials here: http://diaperpages.com/pf_folds.php
I have compassion for her, as she may be behaving badly due to the stress you are all under. But she's going to have to try out some new coping mechanisms.
#1 Mario Kart
They turn, I feel their cold bones shake;
Walking across the concourse I bump into Ollie Simon, who is just leaving for Sydney having completed her duties as manager of the Axis of Awesome, an Aussie trio of talented musicians/comedians who are performing at the Fringe World Festival Perth (FWFP) – not to be confused with the Perth Festival, which does not start for another four days yet nor the Perth Fringe Festival which, according to the publicity, was initially due to replace the Fringe World Festival Perth (FWFP) in 2012.
Then came Dan Fogelberg. Pulsing with adolescent hormonal lust, I was his when I first saw his face. He was a poet, the son of a musician. He was wild and untamed, loved the outdoors and eventually found his way to a cabin in the mountains. For years, I dreamed of living there with him, his faithful wife and lover. I believed that if he could only meet me, he would know the truth. We were made for each other. I was one of “those fans.” Not only did I have every album, knew every song, but I was an “official” member of his fan club. My best friend and college roommate, Beverly, and I kept up with his life, knew the slivers of intimate details that this very private man allowed to be made public. Back then, the term “stalking” hadn’t been invented yet. I saw it as helping the Universe. And I set out to think of ways to meet him.
Also note that Ratner nudged back the goalposts for the first residential building yet again, suggesting it could start either later next year or early next year. And I already reported on Bloomberg's dismissive response to a question about whether arena-going crowds would inundate neighborhood streets and sidewalks.
I hear glasses breakin'
Mother’s Day is just around the corner.
Then I got to highschool. My social circle had decreased significgantly. I only hung out with one person. But I was possesive because I was scared otherwise I wouldn’t have that. The beggining was terrible. I had gotten rid of the main agressor who was my brothers ex, she got pregnant and left school. I was put in a class with all the mean kids. Who would pick on a kid for sitting down. All druggies, sluts, and jerks. Including one who had attacked my brother the year before and wasn’t suppose to be near me or my brother.
Are you drinking tonight or am I? (I have very strict rules for designated driver status)
"We aim to create another Jameson -- we are thinking at that kind of level. We have to make sure we do not run out of whiskey in three years' time," he said, explaining that this potential shortage explained the abrupt nature of the withdrawal.
There is a gathering of swans further upstream, just visible as long necks and floating white bodies against the backdrop of grey-green water and tree foliage. It is so much quieter than being at home. We live in a small town, a place where city people wonder "What do you DO here?" Getting enough quiet doesn't seem an issue, but being out of range of traffic and electronics adds a layer of calm I had forgotten. It is lovely...soothing.
Cooking chorizo (I do like the ease and availability of the Unearthed ones in Waitrose 1 pack = two people for this recipe, but any spicy sausage would be good)
Firstly, Empirical, Testable, Demonstrable Protocol isn’t even a protocol. There are such things as Empirical Evidence, Testable Hypothesis’, and Demonstrable Evidence. As a believer, I could simply tell someone to watch the sunrise, to examine your body and learn more about how fragile and intricate it is and in those things you can see God so visibly. Unfortunately, that means almost nothing for the arguments sake, so let’s dig into science. We are going to take an approach and say that our view on creation and the world and the universe around us does in fact have impact on whether or not we believe that God exists. How we believe the world and universe came to be will help us understand our view on God.
I get a chuckle at reading some of the comments on some of the YouTube videos, especially from the kids my (adopted) daughter's age or younger. Stuff like, "Damn! I wish I'd been born back then when there was GOOD music," seems to be the norm.
I have been jaded a lot in the past and I have learned to trust no one. As soon as I start trusting someone and letting them in, SLAM, the door shuts and they vanish. I am always thankful that I didn't share too much, because I would absolutely hate myself for being so vulnerable with my emotions and secrets, knowing that most of the time the person I am open with will just leave.
My Polish was about as bad as his English so we spoke in French which I could manage - and which he had spoken in pre war Poland. He told me stories about the grandfather I had never known - how he was a 'ladies' man' - how he laughed a lot, was fond of practical jokes, was generous, brave and an excellent horseman, one of the last of the Polish Lancers.
· Gathers, analyzes and documents detailed business requirements associated to the development of innovative solutions and ensures business strategy, vision, benefits and needs are addressed.
MIO is the number one brand in strapless Heart Rate monitoring with features like calorie management systems, all day steps counting, distance tracking, and fitness assessment tools.
A Wet Wednesday In New York
The former:
It's raining off and on today. I am off to cat-sit and then home to work on some projects.
Happy Monday! I hope you all had a fabulous weekend. We had a great weekend with my mother in law here. She brought me some awesome thrifting mojo and I got some great finds, including a cute vintage owl lamp for $4 (which will sit on my new blogging desk coming soon!), a globe for the playroom for $5, a fabulous dresser, round table, and some other fun things. We also headed to Sawyer's soccer game. The Green Cheetahs won again and are now 2-0! YAY! Chris and I enjoyed a date night out to see The Hunger Games.... awesome!!!! And I was able to work on several projects. I did get a migraine which caused me to be really sick most of Sunday, but other than that the weekend was a fun-filled success.
When you lift weights, your muscles adapt by becoming larger and stronger. Your bones adapt by becoming more dense. Etc…
“The shared inland waters of Juan de Fuca Strait, B.C.’s Strait of Georgia, and Washington state’s Puget Sound may once again approach its former greatness. Tides come and go in the Salish Sea. Sometimes entire species vanish almost unnoticed on the ebb of history. And sometimes—to widespread astonishment—those same species ride the currents of conservation back home again. Humans have exacted a terrible toll on our region’s marine life over the past 150 years, through commercial whaling, reckless overfishing, and bounties, culls, and commercial harvests of harbour seals and sea lions. Without question, the ecological effect of those actions continues to be felt today. But there are also signs that the Salish Sea—the shared inland waters of Juan de Fuca Strait, B.C.’s Strait of Georgia, and Washington state’s Puget Sound—is stirring and, who knows, may once again approach its former greatness. Thanks to conservation efforts, one marine mammal after another is making a dramatic comeback, their presence providing the biggest reason for hope across an ecosystem spanning 7,000 square kilometres. …
First, the bad news—the problem may be worse than you think. Recently, the Ethics Resource Center’s 2011 National Business Ethics Survey revealed surprising statistics showing that active social networkers—defined as those employees who spend 30% or more of their working hours on social networking sites—have very different ideas about ethics than most other employees. For instance, 42% of those networkers indicated they would post negative information about their employer or co-workers on Twitter or other social media sites versus 6% of non-networkers. Similarly, 46% of networkers said they had no qualms about using company software on their home computers compared to 7% of other respondents, and 51% were willing to compensate for reduced wages or benefits by performing less work compared to 10% of non-networkers.
The next day I decide to go to the gym. I lift some weights and barbells and now I do my routine of going to the aerobic room by myself to do cardio (jumprope). I'm alone and I enter and this petite girl enters behind me. I got to my corner and she is close to me. She is doing stretching exercises and I'm on a matt stretching my back when I smell the smell of death. It pierced my soul. It was sharp and foul. The bitch farted. I was livid.
Above are a few of the most popular breeds, but be sure to check the website for the entire collection and please, if you don't see the breed of dog you are looking for, let us know so we can make it!
So what does Schader offer on the site? The audio files aren’t downloadable (that is available for a fee), but you can listen to them for free online. The guest roster, as noted, is insane. It’s easier to cite the people he *didn’t* get to interview (Orson Welles, George Burns) than it is to mention all the seminal folk he did get to talk to. I’ll give it a try, though,
Worshiping community. Persons — worshiping community.
"Even a non-intellectual writer like Dickens could return to a theme (the persecution of the innocent, for instance) time and time again and escape criticism of repetition because he was able to give reality to his situations and vary the circumstances of his characters sufficiently to give the theme fresh power and insight."
Conservative dogs have chewed up Julia, Forward and the Dog-eater in recent weeks.
Seriously, we are talking stripper jokes, sex jokes, drug jokes, alcohol jokes -- if you thought Little Britain was as bad as it gets -- well, okay, you were close but not close enough. There are also enough pop culture references -- visual and verbal -- to keep pretty much anyone happy.
Now it is Wednesday so that means a new challenge over at
cedar thick with musk
The edges of the chiffon and organza ribbons need restraint and a narrow zigzag does a pretty job of edging. For readers cringing at the very thought of how long it might take to zigzag around 32 ribbons, 72″ long:
Why Kilimanjaro? I do love mountains and find an inner peace and a sense of belonging to something greater while in the mountains. Kilimanjaro is an extraordinary mountain where in the course of ascending to its summit, you experience every climate, from rain forests alive with birds, monkeys, flowers, scents, to heather landscapes, dry rocky ground, and finally glaciers and snow.
I was roused from dreams I can’t quite remember. I hate that. Yesterday morning’s dreams were vivid, promising fortune, followed by a call for communication. I guess in one sense I got fortune; $50 from back home after Ricky sold some gear for me, plus I passed my California written driving exam. I don’t have to take the actual test now because I already have a valid PA license. I missed the opportunity to make contact back home though. That hurts.
For Easter all of Jett and his cousins on my husband's side were going to take a kids group pictures for their "Grammy". Then afterwards my very talented sister in law with Traci Robinson Photography was going to take some detail shots of Jett that we didn't get for his newborns since he wasn't really cooperating that day (he was 10 days old and was not happy).
The best thing about online is because we could discover a variety of products online that we’d never have had use of prior to now. Indeed, could you foretell which we could buy these types of distinctive items as stroke sneakers and Pack rat shoes at the click on of a switch? There are many other alternatives for shoes overly and web-based, we could compare costs and valuable quickly.
According to Flynn, before the current era, most people thought in concrete, practical categories. But, we are all scientists now, after a fashion, and this accounts for a large part of the Flynn Effect. True or not? I'm agnostic on that.
The rose ceremony comes and Ben cuts Sally Field, who is totally graceful and too nice to even shit talk Courtney when she says he hopes he doesn’t get hurt. Again, she’s a pretty crier and when you are this nice getting dumped, you probably aren’t hard to have as a wife. Here’s guessing her last husband was a real assface.
4. ALIEN (6:14)
I've lived here in Dallas more than 4 years now, but this will be my first time.
Through vast canyons, horses run while slowly
Also, I'm trying to incorporate NEW recipes each wk. It's another 'addiction' I have besides all the stitchy/sewing ones. LOL There are only about a thousand I want to try, so I bought myself a cute little folder (w/Beagle puppies on it) to store the freebie ones I run off of the internet. I also bought a BIG cheapie noteook, along w/some dividers, to hold them in after we see if we like that particular recipe. I do have a recipe box and an old smaller notebook that holds all of my recipes I've had for yrs, but this is just for the new ones. Before, I just stuffed the internet ones in folders and had to dig through each one looking for something new to try OR spent lots of time rummaging through all my bazillion cookbooks, so hopefully this will save me time in the long run.
These big, bold bright neons are back and hot. Turn on your black lights (be honest, you still have one in storage) and glow bright. Just leave the stirrup pants and teased bangs because, thankfully, they are not runway ready!
Closing date: 30th April 2012.
Flirting is a wonderful tool for single people to use to gain and attract interest in someone they have an interest in. It’s a great Segway and temperature reading to know if the person you are attracted to is also attracted to you and whether you should pursue or not. It can also be very fun and create a lot of sexual tension in a good way when done in the right way. I am very pro flirting in the SMP if you are looking to meet a SO or just looking to meet people based on what you mission or goal is whether that be – hooking up or finding a LTR or simply having a multitude of STR’s. Either way flirting is healthy between men and women and should be used in the RIGHT predicament – the “RIGHT” predicament is *NOT* when you are already in a committed relationship with someone else!
I am supposed to be posting a countdown clock over on the Fat Quarterly blog - counting down until tickets close but it keeps going wrong so I'm going to make my mistakes on my readers because I know you like to laugh at my incompetence. OK so here's my test post...
And she was all "Well, I looked at the clock and it was 7:16 when we went to bed - how come you never let us stay up that late?!"
It's SALE TIME!!! I've decided to mark the end of this year with a sale so I'm re-listing many goodies at 25% off. I don't normally have a sale like this at the end of the year but I just think it's something I need to do to help me bring new energy into my life and work. So if you have a few minutes please hope on over to my Etsy shop and take a look around. You might find something you wanted on sale ....... :) Oh, and I'll be adding goodies throughout the next few days so stop on by later as well.
When he looks her direction she begins awkwardly batting at her ball with just her right hand, managing to dribble it four times before it gets away from her. After corralling the ball, she looks up proudly at her father. He smiles quietly back at her. Then he leans forward slightly and dribbles his own ball effortlessly back and forth between his legs.
"This man," he announced, "called in sick yesterday!"
6) "Hope you don't mind - - I just put an Al-Qaeda bumper sticker on your car"
If you would like to email me at bizzybec@gmail.com to claim your prize.
2010-07-12 22:21
He claims to have been taken by the mermaids and spent two years living like them and being educated by them. Interestingly he says they eat fish, rice and chicken only. Fish yes, I totally get that, but where did they develop a taste for chicken? The best part of his unlikely life-under-the-waves story to me is the rice, how do underwater dwellers cook rice? Hydrothermal vents? But why?
Um, a grandpa was photographing his grandson.
はち：この前新しい方法を見つけたんだ。もうちょい飲んだら屋根に上ろう。で、景色を逆さまに眺めるの。けっこう楽しいよ。
Cut the the layers out on my cricut, red background layer (which if you look closely you'll see also has an oval cut out to help me thread them evenly), the white layer and then the blue letters.
Flower fuzz!
When women marry, we get things that we want and value. We get the opportunity to become mothers. We get a home, our nest for our little ones. What do men get? They get the right to throw themselves on a live grenade for the protection of their families. Or, as St. Paul suggested to the Ephesians, husbands get the right to be crucified.
on ideas they would blacklist
may this empty vessel be filled so that i may point to your glory
Something else that this printable collections has that is really fun are this adorable monogrammed bottle wrappers. They come in both the orange chevron and the vintage blue chevron pattern, as shown here, or in a fuschia chevron pattern.
Book One revolves around the events of Himiko's early teen years—her shaman lessons, friendships, contact with other tribes, and journey to save her family after a series of tragic events. Once again, Esther Friesner masterfully weaves together history, myth, and mysticism in a tale of a princess whose path is far from traditional.
There is other evidence of Ted’s turpitude beyond Chappaquiddick. The older Kennedys’ extra-marital exploits escaped press scrutiny a little in the same fashion as royals did at the time, but Ted lived long enough to see the emergence of a much less deferential age. His exploits were a dream for his Republican opponents. In 1988 in a speech on the Regan administration’s secret deal to sell arms to Iran he asked rhetorically “Where was George Bush?” The reply was made on bumper stickers across the land, “Dry, Sober and Home with his Wife.”
Wanted to lean, wanted much to be
"Good." Syrin hung his sack from a branch, held the bottom of his shirt up to make a makeshift basket, collected several cherries, and sat at the trunk of the tree. Stacey just stood and watched him do this. Syrin's sudden kindness had made him a little nervous. In the past he'd been little else but cold, and Stacey wasn't sure what he was supposed to do in this situation. "Well?"
For any one that wants to see Hattie Naylors adaption of the real darker tale of the Nutcracker it is WONDERFUL! Not overly sweet like the ballet, it tells the tale of what happened before, how the Nutcracker became a Nutcracker as well as the normal land of sweets and sugar. We loved it!
A few years ago, I greatly enjoyed the 1978 collection of Cheever short stories. Those were just snippets of the dissatisfaction Updike observed. Taken through year after year of loneliness and discontent in the published journals, the vastness and repetition of the unhappiness moves out of art and into pathology. Constantly involved with reporting his own thoughts and surveying his own skin, Cheever shows little sense of a similar set of concerns within other human beings. After years of conflict, John and Mary consult a psychiatrist:
I've taken some Kaisercraft paper and covered the front and then added some wide white ribbon down the side. Next I added a panel of more paper matted with pink bazzill with the bottom punched with the MS Iron Gate Punch and added a piece of pink ribbon down the side. The image is from Flourishes' Lenten Rose set, has been stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black and coloured with Copic Markers, cut out with Large Rectangle Nestabilities and then matted with pink bazzill cut with Fleur de Lis Rectangle Nestabilities. I've finished by adding some pink pearls to the top corner and the teacher's name to the striped panel.
The needle was manufactured at the Clive Works, Redditch, the packaging printed in Great Britain, and distributed in the USA by sole distributors Porter of Philadelphia.
Students learned how to use the triangle shape and how to modify that shape as they add color with texture.
On the one hand, this is easier than I thought it would be. I suppose when you have no other option but to cowgirl up and deal with it, you just do it. I've found inner reserves of strength I didn't know existed. When all I want to do is sink to my nose in a bubble bath because it's been one of those those days, I can't. You just...deal. Because you have no other option.
N. Nicknames: Boo
And moments like this, captured forever, make Buster invaluable to all of us.
“I can’t speculate on what will come out from the agency’s review,” Prema Chandrathil of the NRC’s Chicago office said in an e-mail. She also said the NRC will respond to Franken’s letter.
Last week of January my friend Mae and her brother Bien invited me to join their photo-shoot at University of the Philippines. It was actually my first time to work as a stylist for a photo-shoot. This is actually the first set of the photos I’ve taken from the said shoot.
In 1294, Gilbert de Umfraville founded the annual Goose Fair, which is still held today.
The Champions was a short-lived superhero team,who, just did'nt seem to gel at all!Published in the 1975-1978 series The Champions, the team, formally known as "The Champions of Los Angeles", was Marvel's first to be set on the U.S. West Coast, rather than in the Marvels usual locale, New York City.
I'll be in a mad panic for the last 2 days doing all the things I should've done in my 2 weeks holiday!
Ryan Miller, OG, Colorado – He’s huge. 6’7″, 321 lbs. A very solid guard that some teams apparently wanted to move out to tackle since he’s, you know, huge. Might have some technique concerns, but he’s a fifth round pick, will probably just be a backup and maybe be the guy that gets stuff down from the top shelf.
We were admitted into PICU (paediatric intensive care unit) on the 14th May 2010.
The little girl left and returned a few minutes later with no dog on the leash.
Is just that.
Even though I've accomplished many things on the list, I hope to get a huge chunk completed in this new year!
The Batoni poem was a formal sonnet, more formal in some ways than many of nine. I thought of it - felt it - as the equivalent of a formal bouquet. The sonnet with its compactness, clarity and history seemed to be the right way to go, the full ABBA ABBA of the octet followed by a full CDE CDE. I don't say this was forethought - not at all - but once it began as a sonnet (the current beginning is a serious redrafting of the original idea) it felt it wanted to go that way. I have written about form often enough, how it is, like necessity, the mother of invention. You are never more than one line ahead, if that, having to look forward and behind as you go. But I knew as soon as I had drafted it that the sonnet would not be enough. There was some light beyond it.
How then does one walk in the path of the commandments unswervingly?
The little miss is 9 days old and doing wonderful but for her poor clogged tear ducts. Her little eyes look pathetic today. Hopefully that will clear up soon!
Pacing: Obvious problems with condensing the novel aside, the film doesn’t rush to get the tributes to the training center and the arena, which could have been disastrous. Adequate time is spent in the lead-up to the main events to establish Katniss and Peeta as characters and to give viewers a solid sense of what this world is like. Not perfect, but solid.
Still skeptical? Doesn’t everyone like positive feedback?
And now, with my ballet flats doing a surprisingly deft job of handling the minor rock climbing, I felt committed to keep on trucking. The vibe was good, and I didn't want to leave without finding the castle. Here it got tricky -- the ruins were up on a bluff and I wound up turned around a few times because there was not much of a path; it was essentially a matter of moving up and over rocks, hoping I'd keep seeing white marks on the trees, and hoping I wouldn't run into any unfriendly animals. Up and away I went from the lake.
When I woke this morning, glazed with the stupor that often comes with 6:40 am wake ups, I hardly felt my back at all. But in statistics I felt it. Man, I felt it. I would shift in my chair until I found a bearable position, only to have the pinching in my lower back reannounce itself within a few minutes.
Sorrow scrubbed joy
After playing some in the sand, she was getting a little chilly with the wind and being wet, so mom picked her up and was holding her. I asked her if she was tired, she said no and then about 5 minutes later she was out.
I was so afraid of my husband i held off going to the hospital, my pains getting worse and worse, I tried to get in the shower with him, but fell to the ground crying in pain,
Pro chefs go to the Wednesday Farmers Market in Santa Monica, so I know TheHFM doesn't have THE BEST selection - but I have a day job in the SFV and TheHFM has the best selection near me on a day that I can actually get to it!
The nihilists and the ideologues are passing into history while contemporary playwrights merely write Politically Correct platitudes leaving a vacuum crying to be filled by a contemporary explanation of our world expressed by new Traditionalist or Conservative playwrights. As they would be refused money by the Arts Council and refused a stage by the theatres they would need places to develop plays, practice and perform.
Advocates for public workers praised it for keeping the state’s promises to current employees, preferring it to the House plan.
Every time I go
Sometimes it’s face is changed by social intervention and the process of life and death are quick. On others mother nature adds her touches, changes colours, washes pieces away, continuous evolution causing the piece to change in relationship to time and climate. Like all good stories there is a start and an end.
by Rev Christo Heiberg (Canada)
Quite simple this. When I die, every single cloud up in heaven will have Gemma Arterton sitting on it, each one representing the things that I would like to do.
Why a queen-sized bed? I mean, I think I’d be pretty smart and not get a room with two twin beds, but why not go for a king-size bed? I think there are hotels that have those. Would I really be clueless enough to get a room with two single beds, though? I don’t live in a 1950s sitcom. And besides that, if we were “dating” I think I’d have my own place to go to.
It was Jesus Christ Who initiated Saul of Tarsus into a new direction. As soon as heard the Lord introduce Himself by saying, “I am Jesus whom thou persecutest,” things began to make sense to him. Then when Jesus told him to go on to Damascus and it would be told him what to do, it made even more sense. He then prayed for those three days for wisdom and understanding of the will of God.
I despise liberals for one reason; what they have done to hold down poor and minority citizens of this nation. They are modern-day plantation owners … and don’t you dare step out of line.
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
Garnier Fructis Style Product $1/1
From the picture on the right, Man Utd fans on my BlackBerry messenger at least are sulking and crying like babies because they were drawn with rivals, the Cashlings.
How do we know that the Bible, which contains most of what we know about Jesus, has not been changed over the years?
FFS
To the same Thessalonians, he wrote down in verse 25, “Brethren, pray for us.” He did not give them limitations. That is he didn’t tell them to pray when they were in church, or with two or three other believers. He didn’t say for them to remember him at the hour of prayer. Whenever and wherever you think of me, pray for me.
Finally, remember to smile and talk with other CicLAvistas you see. We so rarely get to connect on the street like we can at CicLAvia. Have fun and enjoy the day!
3. Buttermilk sourdough bread, $1.99 at Central Market (through 11/9/10)
In beauty.
The inland transmission system has never been tested at a category 5 level. If the transmission lines on the inland spine are disrupted or brought down by this event, it would mean a catastrophic failure of the electricity supply system to the entire North and Far North of our state.
I get a lot of requests on Instagram to share some of the food I give to Henry, so I thought it would be fun to post recipes of all of my favorite kiddo/adult friendly fare. Henry is luckily a great eater and will try most anything, although he does LOVE to utilize a strong "no" even for his most favorite foods if the mood strikes. However the recipes I'll be sharing have been pretty successful in our house, with either Henry and me, or with the whole family! Hank is vegetarian and doesn't eat eggs (so no quiche for him), but the recipe I'm sharing next week is veg-friendly.
So, where does this leave us? Well, the crockery cupboards are full of dog hair and crud, the fridge has something growing in it, and the leaning tower of art and craft materials is now topped by a leaning tower of tablemats and books and clothes to mend and clothes beyond mending and weird things that the kids want to keep that I can no longer be bothered to resist, and one day it will topple down and bury us all and no-one will find us until the council break down the door to investigate the bad smell.
Flower by Prima, doily from a LSS, letters by Adornit.
It’s not on the peaks (good times-success)
Little did I know I would get to witness a feat of a different kind of strength training, endurance, and pushing your body to the limits.
Quinoa
If history is any indicator, then I think you know the answer. As Hayes puts it: “The fact is, winding and dusting and fixing somebody else’s old clock is boring. Building a brand-new clock of your own is much more fun, especially if you can pretend that it’s going to inspire awe and wonder for the ages to come. So why not have the fun now and let the future generations do the boring bit.” I think Hayes is right, it seems humans are, by nature, builders and not maintainers.
This past week the rotation began from the start again, what with finishing off Mr Darcy's Letter.
If this is really what you want, then it is worth all the work, the writing, the re-writing, the doubts and the fears. if you 'Believe' in your work and you are prepared to settle in for the long haul, then you will go through the eye of the needle and your work will be read.
The kids played outside and made some new videos. Last week I suggested they change their production company to 'Creative Differences Trio', but this week, they worked together a little better. Chan knows what she's doing, Jake wants full control and Ben is just tired of being discounted because he's the baby.
I used Sullivans Coton-a (purchased at Lincraft) & 3.25mm hook the pattern is easy enough to work from if you have made anything in amigurumi before.
He bore the deep scars
Who, you ask? Well, you may not know their names unless you a film buff (what exactly is a buff, let alone a film buff, anyway?) but you probably recognize their faces if you watch films from the 40s, 50s, and beyond:
The lady at the next table had brought her knitting
The nesting box door. The coop was designed really well and we're really happy with it. If anyone is interested in getting the information for Donald, who built this, just email me. He builds other sizes of coops as well as a really cool rabbit hutch that we eventually plan to get. Once I get the run set up I will put the chicks out there on warm days so they have more space. They are quickly growing!
But amongst all these changes, some things have remained unaltered. Take Commando for instance - it's still packed with action and adventure, everyman heroes and villains, and the best comic art still resides on and between its covers.
to split the sky
See above. I already knew that I worked better with a schedule so even though I said Monday and Wednesday were for this this and this, Tuesday and Thursday were this this and this and Friday was this and this; it wasn't structured enough for her. She would procrastinate, resulting in January us being VERY behind and her working A LOT to catch up so we could even finish the year on time.
Having a regular, small allowance that must be carefully husbanded to supply necessities and saved to provide little luxuries teaches much more effectively the value of money than any elaborate system we might contrive. This approach simply allows the real consequences of their actions to affect the children--no manipulation is necessary. Not being able to buy a longed-for toy because the money was already spent on candy on a whim causes great grief. A few such incidents teach the importance of considering our purchases. Shopping carefully to see how much of what we want can be bought with the $7.39 we have on hand teaches the value of money quite well, especially as this exercise is repeated many times over many years.
I had a sense that I wanted to make something in some way so I set about making christmas cards, mostly for the people I really appreciate knowing but don't see very much. It took me a week, and a fair amount of sequins and gold pens and glitter paint. Sometimes I sat with a big pair of headphones on and sang out loud as I stuck stars onto glittery skies. It felt good.
Let’s just say I wasn’t in the best of moods from the get go. I was tired, a little stressed out, and had the worries of an early Monday morning looming over my head. I really just wanted to snuggle up with a good movie. But for the sake of keeping this project going, I pressed on.
Finally, after years, even economists like Krugman are publicly recognizing that the Chinese peg of their currency to the dollar is more than a nuisance or a developing-country tactic. It's a profound handicap placed on American manufacturing.
“The Zealots may be more troublesome and not so easily subdued,” the chief of staff said.
KUALA LUMPUR, April 27 — The MCA has blamed “organisations like Perkasa” for Barisan Nasional’s failure in recapturing Chinese support, especially in the recent Hulu Selangor by-election.
Anyway been playing around with this album for a while and struggling with some of the pages so had put it away but after help from Kelly at the last Bristol craft meet made the elusive last pages and all that was left to do was decorate it,which is the fun part :).
Meaning to get a rifle for a while now. A high powered sniper rifle with an equally powerful scope, so I can see the look in the eyes of my prey, the moment the bullet hits their forehead. You should get one too, all of us should. We should also get accesories of battle fatigues, hunting knives, handguns, the works. Why? Why the hell not?
Thanks go to Miss Vickie and The Silver Haired Goddess for their comments on my last post. I was so baffled about getting stuck all the time last week and it wasn't until these two lovely ladies pointed out the obvious that I realised I've got to get back to basics with my band. They reminded me about one of the golden rules - chew, chew, chew! Since then I have been taking it slower, chewing more thoroughly and have had a better time with my eating.
The garage was spotless. Everything hanging up or neatly
Friends with keys make life so much more comfortable.
Freedom Is More Than Just A 7-Letter Word explains how to achieve Freedom peacefully, by employing principles defined in the Magna Carta 1215. These principles are called ‘Lawful Rebellion’. You have the Inalienable Natural Right to peaceful Lawful Rebellion – until such time as everyone and everything else accepts your Freedom, and leaves you alone, to live your life in peace, without any (usually Statutory) forfeit, forbearance, or any other impediments. This is possible because Statutes are not the Law-of-the-Land. They are the Law-of-Waters, and need your consent to be applied on dry land. (That’s the bit they didn’t bother to tell you about at school). This book tells you how to refuse consent, and make it perfectly clear that you are a Freeman-on-the-Land, subject only to Common Law jurisdiction.
Since those with diabetes have a much higher chance of developing heart disease, kidney disease, and other medical problems, they may need to take certain medicines to treat or prevent these problems.
as possible though. I just need a new scrap desk,
When the flower has cooled, lightly sand its bottom.
The 22 was really crowded the other day, but I caught a glimpse of Carmen sitting towards the front of the bus.
We made it though! They were really nice on the Thai side and I was able to be miserable and huddle over in a wheelchair the whole way. There was a man pushing it the whole time who knew where we needed to go, which saved us so much time. He got us into a taxi and we were off to the hospital. Bumrungrad hospital is amazing. It felt like America being there. I went to the ER, got my IV and went to the nicest hospital room I've ever been in.
Using some embroidery floss I made stitched
The pieces we saw were subtle and dear - nothing flashy here, but oh what beauty.
The ILM Level 3 Award First Line Management focuses on providing first line managers with a recognised management qualification whilst sharing insight and learning on the fundamentals of management. Candidates will develop and improve their management skills through practical and theoretical exercises that are engaging and highly relevant to help them be effective in their role.
The cuisine is Ottoman, primarily grilled meat and fish, and the family who owns the restaurant hail from Izmir, the name Labranda coming from the name of a small town on the city's outskirts.
6. My Baby Just Cares for Me
14 The Cutter
It basically is sliced citron fruits in honey/sugar mass extracting all the juices from the fruits.
9:00 – Neon Indian (DJ Set) @ Shea Stadium $tba
When we get home it’s time to leave out cookies and milk for Santa and feed for his reindeer.
Hair and make up on a budget:
there is a strong movement
I wanted to add in the woodgrain backgrounder but wanted a little more of a modern spin on it so I stamped it on acetate. I layered it all over beautiful Melissa Frances paper and used these rose resin embellishments from Melissa Frances as well.
(231): Just used my Concealed Pistol License to buy booze. I love Michigan.
Later the story of him writing the phrase was recounted by another student and brought to the attention of school officials. School officials asked Jawdat what happened; he told them and was suspended for two days, he said.
These are the coolest things, if you don't like what you've painted you can wipe the paint off with the special wipes.
1 completely
This is not me
1). Most Beautiful. This was probably the hardest category (along with cutest), because nearly all animals are beautiful in some way. But since we have spent rather a lot of our time looking at birds (some might label us with the term “bird nerds”), I decided to go with a bird. And the winner is.............. the Inca jay. This gorgeous creature is a social bird, always chattering away with other nearby jays. They are also very intelligent (as far as birds go), one of the few known species that make use of tools, using sticks to probe into crevices and holes to retrieve insects to eat.
This week of Army Wives was very emotional and it also made us think of some moral issues that we have to deal with day-to-day. Things seem to be going well with David at the Youth Center until him and one of his friends gets into an accident and David starts bleeding. If you don’t know, David has the HIV virus and even though it is almost undetectable in his blood, there is still a chance of giving it to someone else.
with flash
Step in Nature Bright. I use a scoop or two, included in the package, dissolved in warm water. I then fill the washing machine with cold, add my clothes, and allow it to agitate. I then turn the machine off and leave it overnight. No scrubbing of individual stains, no worrying about bleaching, and no worrying about pin prick holes being eaten into the cotton. The next morning, I add some Planet detergent and the clothes are magnificently clean. I have salvaged many an item in our family's wardrobe.
Today would have been my Nanny's 99th birthday. She went home to be with Jesus almost 6 years ago. I had meant to take a very special picture while I was at my mom's house to share with you all today but I forgot to do it. I was going to take a picture of an old teacup that is crusted with sugar. Why an old crusted over teacup? That old teacup holds lots and lots of memories.
Check for spice, jaggery and salt.if so add more.
We do not exactly have the most sophisticated electorate on the planet – which African country does – and the question has to be asked, how would an unsophisticated electorate respond to the continuous brainwashing that white people have robbed him of everything he ever had or could have had and that white people are the cause of all ills that he, his ancestors and his descendants have, are, or are ever going to experience.
“Were you ever going to introduce yourself?”
**In last Tuesday's Scarves & La Femme Française those of you who chose the third woman were right. And, Anonymous, yes it is my daughter -- in the summer, which explains the sandals -- who grew-up in France from the age of eight. Next week, the non-French woman is not American.
The Innocent by Taylor Stevens
It has been awhile since I last cooked some stew at home, and over the weekend, I decided to whip up the classic beef stew, with a slight twist.
I taught the ladies in my MOPS group how to make no sew appliques last month but forgot to take my camera to the meeting (I know, I know...won't let it happen again!) Because of sick kiddos, I've missed both meetings this month and haven't had a chance to snap pics of any of the awesome appliques they made. I did happen to snap a few pics of some items I appliqued at home though. Will yall forgive me?
PH wins first Olympic gold in synchronized texting;
Jaggar
Some still work give me to do, -
When you think to buy a portable media device, you should go for the one, which is undoubtedly the number one brand in the market and that is Apple iPod. They are one of the best media device manufacturers but it is not always the case. There are many other leading companies, which offer and share the same features and price as does Apple iPod offers.
But that is not the end!!! Next week, we will begin posting chapters to a book in the series, Rubicon Ranch, Book Two: Necropieces — Residents of Rubicon Ranch find body parts scattered all over the desert. Who was the victim and why did someone want him so very dead? Eight Second Wind authors are collaborating to create another innovative crime novel set in the desert community of Rubicon Ranch.
2 TBSP chicken bouillon granules
This is dressage.
It’s really important to keep in touch with university whilst you’re away on placement. Your university e-mail account and Student Central are some of the only links you will have with tutors and the placements office, so it’s essential to check these regularly and keep an eye on updates and alerts. University e-mail can be forwarded to a personal account, so there’s no excuse!
The first sensation as I entered the downstairs bar was that I was ‘at home’. The unmistakeable Taphouse ‘feel’ that comes from a combination of the decor, lighting, flow and its noisy hum, but also from that very palpable but indescribable ‘something’ – the pub version of what the Japanese call ‘Umami’ – a mysterious ‘deliciousness’ that permeates the place. It’s a welcoming warmth that settles on you from the minute you arrive.
When other chiefs of other countries heard that Derere was now a chief in Chishawasha, they came to greet him. The names of the chiefs which came are: Chikwaka, Seke, Chiota, Svosve, Makoni, Mangwende, Nyajinha, Musana, Buru, Masembura, Mbari, Chivero, Mashayamombe, Nyamweda and Chiweshe. They brought gifts and the chief gave them hoes and axes in return. There grew up a friendship between all the chiefs and himself. Chief Chinamora told his people to plough lands and gardens, and the people got many crops. They made many axes and hoes and sold them to other countries. They made big spears white in colour for themselves for war. The name of the vaShawasha was known to many people and their other name was Vekwa pfumo jena because of their white spears. Other names for the vaShawasha are: Mukanya, Vadeva, Chirongo, which
There's a lot to be said for the "Shot-On-Video" revolution of film-making as far as creativity goes, and for giving the world a whole slew of up-and-coming directors who showed that they could compete with the big boys, even with limited resources.
Our call time in KCC is 1pm and I’m really into rush because I came from MoA then I went to my mother’s office at Ortigas for adjusting my braces then straight to KCC.. I was on the bus when Danica texted us that Dasuri Seonsaengnim will be late.
Two and a half years ago, I was waiting for my cert, studying, reading, learning everything I could about programming and biomechanics and movements; I was observing, reading, and talking to people. Learning. CrossFit was more than a change in diet and exercise for me. It was my Golden Ticket. I desperately needed..not wanted…this to be something that people wanted to do. In that desperation, I also wanted to be able to give something to every individual who came into my gym. I wanted them to be empowered. To feel whole. To feel like they belonged. I wanted them to have everything that I…at that time…was lacking.
Ther noise of this beer is rather off putting for a good beer. I like the taste and the spices that make up the flavor profile, but the smell is, well, different to say the least. I almost thought that I got a funky bottle when I first poured it, and almost poured it out. Then I took a drink and realized that that was the way it was supposed to smell.
The Lord said there is someone here tonight, who is down cast, he asks me to tell you, that your sun will rise again.
First up, deciding on dessert! There were too many choices at Miette Patisserie. I purchased a Gingerbread cupcake with cream cheese frosting ($3) and Macaron with Grapefruit filling ($1.50). They have a lot of candies and boxes of pretty cookies. You should definitely visit one of their three locations.
When the five men were arrested they admitted attacking three graves and removing skeletons. Altogether there were 10 bodies of men, women and children. The group also kept a manuscript of their dark deeds. They told how on a midnight raid at the Westgate Hill Cemetery in Newcastle they smashed crypts and entered the vaults where complete families lay at rest, their bones incased and neatly stored. Using shovels and torches they dug their way underground, risking becoming trapped under the ancient stone and marble.
Yet the Raiders received little credit during the immediate aftermath of the mission.
RIP Kurt
I'm about to move house, a mammoth task as we (my partner and our 3 kidiwinks) have been renting our current home for 12 years now. I'm surrounded by boxes and feeling slightly overwhelmed by the amount of packing left to do. It's times like this that a man could easily start to feel like he has too many records.
But it’s this very obsession that takes a toll on Debbie and Tom. Debbie has to give up her dream of being a cellist in order to carpool Adam around. The strain also contributes to Tom getting fired, forcing the family to scrape by on what the English call, “a pittance.” Their world soon revolves completely around Adam. And it’s killing them, because in the process, they’re forgetting who they are.
Powell’s ranch-style house in Mandeville Canyon, Los Angeles, was used as the setting for the television show Hart to Hart. Robert Wagner, the actor who portrayed Jonathan Hart in the series, was a close friend of Powell’s. Dick Powell also was a major television player with his own production company, Four Star, owning several network shows.
have either gone along, or for whatever reason, chose not to say much.
The winner will win TWO of these lime green and turquoise butterfly cushions.
Mr Hale said he had not been given any prior warning of government spending in his electorate and would "watch closely" for Darwin's detention centre funding.
I also believe in my mother’s advice, which was always, “Never get into a fight. But, if someone hits you first, you have the right to defend yourself.” (Interesting that my mother’s best advice was also completely parallel to Israel’s foreign policy. I, for one, agree with both.)
As eager runs the market-crowd,
♥ ice cream
33. Last time you cried? days
1 Tin kidney beans in chilli sauce
(I know. I'm missing him terribly...!)
STOP “laboring” and take ACTION NOW!
India strengthened its association with the Southeast Asian countries, joined the treaties of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, established free trade zone with the Southeast Asian countries and participated in the East Asian cooperative mechanisms and the security forum of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. The cooperative contents also expend to the military and cultural fields from exclusive economic cooperation.
The Ju 88 was one of the most versatile aircraft in WW II — in good company with the North American B-25 and de Havilland Mosquito — it was modified to serve in several mission types (bomber, dive bomber, night fighter and photo reconnaissance). This Jünkers, a Ju 88D-1/Trop, is a photo recce model especially modified for tropical service with the Romanian forces (Romania was an Axis country during WW II), I imagine with heavier weight engine oil to combat high desert temperatures and enlarged air filters to better screen out the grit as well as the sand.
Realizing that much gave me an idea. It wasn’t much, though.
The organization spent $353,562 in legal fees, including $192,693 to Emery, Celli and 126,386 to Young, Sommer.
These involve companies linked to other timber tycoons also with concessions granted in Sabah, which we will also be revealing.
I’ve discovered I really like blogging, and I think it’s beneficial for me as a writer. But it wouldn’t be half as much fun without all of you joining in, so I wanted to take a moment to solicit feedback on what you like to see here, fanfic and otherwise.
I hope you have a wonderful Easter too....and I hope you take at least a few minutes to praise the Lord and thank Him for giving us hope in our lives.
On a final note before some of the NOTW start to celebrate, they should think again and wait for that knock on the door from Strathclyde Police.
It's a puzzling opener for a magazine-style outlet that claims to offer "perspective and information outside the clamour". Rather, it's an all-too-familiar approach to arts reporting: controversy-led, polarising, reductive and blandly conservative.
Last month the mum contacted me to say that the baby was in a breech position but she wasn’t overly worried because she knew that HypnoBirthing could help. I visited her at home a week later to use hypnosis to turn the baby. Less than a week later she was able to confirm that the baby had turned and a home waterbirth was still possible.
around here and our favorite brownies were happenin' yesterday.
or they would have thrived as they do here in Door County
All of this quilting of facings is because I do not plan to line the coat. I’m following Koos’ methods.
For the bubbly Hels Sheridans Sunday Stamper Challenge 193 - Stitch In Time I decided to have a go and use some scrap curtain lining material I had been saving for crafting. Using my tag die, model form die and the cotton reel die I cut both a material and matching card piece and stuck the respective pieces together.
Good night.
It's 12.5", got Windows 7 (which is still weirding me out lol), an i5 processor, Wacom digitizer with 512 lvls of pressure and no lag, and folds into the lovely portable sketchpad-esque shape you see pictured above.
42. Jaws (Roy Scheider) – Scary every single time.
Roy: So who gets it?
Also known as frozen smoke, Aerogel is the world’s lowest density solid, clocking in at 96% air. It’s basically just a gel made from silicon, except all the liquid has been taken out and replaced with gas instead. If you hold a small piece in your hand, it’s practically impossible to either see or feel, but if you poke it, it’s like styrofoam.
In the event of poor weather conditions, please call Halton Region for cancellation informati
In 2009 and 2010, the Mets were a combined 61-101 in road games. Last year, they didn’t win a series on the road against a National League team until they took two out of three at PNC Park against the lowly Pirates in late August. This year, the Mets have the most road victories (26) in the NL and have allowed only two walk-off wins on the road, compared to 12 last season.
I always loved that photo from his What Are We Living For, of Bennett and his wife Elizabeth, taken the day before he died. I’m looking at it right now, and he appears as if he’s found all the answers, is totally at peace and ready to move on. Also, now that I think of it, I believe I borrowed this book from you. Oops!
JASON LEWIS is a 17-year-old smartly dressed, well-educated person.
If I jump back a moment, I’m struck how, from my mid-forties, it suddenly became so important to find friends from my later teen years. Friends lost along the way and whom I hadn’t necessarily thought about in 20 or 30 years but who had suddenly started invading my subconscious.
Do you have a better experience of dumplings? Feel free to write a comment :)
We had originally intended for the party to be outdoors but someone had other plans. It poured rain and hailed on the day of the birthday party so most of our intended decorations stayed tucked away for another day. One of the main decoration was balloons spread out everywhere in the house for the kids to play with. Unfortunately I forgot to take a picture. To be quite honest I didn’t get the chance to take a lot of photos since I spent most of the time in my car with a broken window while my daughter was sleeping on the back seat.
Nope..see anticipation is fun. And I'm gonna keep the anticipation going because, truth is, I really don't know where all this good stuff is leading but it's so much fun living in the dream and watching the opportunities unfold before me.
and stays, static.
‘True beauty? You mean you’re a student of architecture? Or are you an old romantic with a special woman in mind?’
how do we know
What do you do to remember online friends who have passed on? Please share your experiences and ideas in the comments.
Nomination 1: Weyerbacher
Do you have Oscar pools this year, or is that now archaic?
Bam-Bam: I have 5 arms and swim backwards! What am I?
To valor, they gave new dimensions of courage
If you’ve read “Say Please: Lesbian BDSM” or followed the virtual tour, I don’t have to tell you about the impressive quality and variety of the stories. While enough can’t be said about this outstanding collection, I’m skipping that in favor of a more personal angle. Other writers tell me readers are curious about story origins. I hope that’s true.
For a century and more Wales has been 'developed' to provide English holidaymakers with cheap holidays. Providing few benefits for us Welsh. This - plus the small numbers of overseas visitors - explains why Wales sees such a small per capita tourist spend. (Compared to Scotland this figure is abysmal.) This trend is helped by caravan sites because these provide cheap holidays - they even encourage people to bring with them food and everything else they'll need!
I was impressed by Sprout. I’d definitely look at reading some of Peck’s other books and Sprout is not a book I’ll be throwing away any time soon. If you’re looking for a refreshing summer read that’s a little bit quirky then this is the perfect novel for you.
Thought I'd give you a quick list of people that I wouldn't piss on if they caught fire.
Here is what is likely to happen:
You may lose the argument for a hundred years, but one day your descendents will win.
Book that flight. Sign up for the 5k. Give sushi a chance. Do something that makes you uncomfortable. Paint your bathroom green. Forgive your trespassers. Go out on a limb. Love like crazy. Grow your relationship with God. Try something new. Forget the excess. Stop worrying. Notice the scent of honeysuckle in the air. Hug your parents. Make something beautiful. Spend time with the ones you love best.
Main was Slow-Cooked Pork Belly, apple-lime puree, spicy kimchi, salad of pickled vegetables.
I'm not looking! I hope
names and ages of children: Sophie (7) and Isabelle (5)
When I think of this movie, I think of this montage with Ode to Joy playing behind it. This is the apex of the movie and it’s all down here from here. About half the time I watch the movie, I stop here, right at the halfway point.
Monday, 20 February: David Hall (48) was assaulted and shot dead during an attack on his dairy farm in the Fochville area. His wife, Bernadette (44), was tied up during the attack.
Narrator Alice King is the type of character that readers will instantly empathise with. At school, she's neither queen bee nor outcast, instead occupying the no-man's land between the two extremes. Like many of us, she's accutely aware of the injustice perpetuated by the in crowd, but not quite brave - or powerful - enough to befriend those deemed Untouchable. Her own acceptance is far too tenuous to take such a risk. With insight and dark humour in equal measure, Torn really digs down into the truth about the high school social order, going beyond the simple mean-girls-vs-losers dynamic we often see perpetuated in popular culture and holding the mirror up to a reality that's far more complex.
Thirdly, in verse 21;
shadow sounds. movement fading
From Sneem we started back to Killarney in earnest. Our route took us through the Killarney National Park. This park is absolutely one of the gems to see in Ireland. It was the first national park established in Ireland, created when Muckross Estate was donated to the Irish state in 1932. The park has since been substantially expanded and encompasses over 25,425 acres of diverse ecology, including the Lakes of Killarney, Oak and Yew woodlands, and mountain peaks. It has Ireland’s only native herd of Red Deer and the most extensive covering of native forest remaining in Ireland. The park is of high ecological value because of the quality, diversity, and extensiveness of many of its habitats and the wide variety of species that they accommodate, some of which are rare. The park was designated a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in 1981.
Come on out and try a 22oz bomber of Ready to Fly Amber Ale for 5 Bucks. Only 120 bottles left so come early and donate to the Women Jumpers. Go Team USA!
Because I have a page on the Egyptian onions my sister gave me, which have survive and thrive (more or less) these many years later, I got a phone call from a stranger. It was from a nice lady at a nursery in Oregon. Theirs had all died from too much rain. Mine were mostly dying from too LITTLE rain, but I had just not long before tended the sad plot (not the one in the photos/ they're in a better place in the yard now). I had a batch of new babies coming up. They do two cycles a year.
I have a good excuse though. I was in the hospital. Then the day after I got out, John went in again. Seriously. Stomach ailments for me (still no diagnosis, but I'm on the blandest of diets, and will be going through some more testing), and another episode of heart failure for John.
**Update 30 minutes later** So I did make it myself, using Chinese chicken broth paste, pasta stars and a little dried dill. My throat feels better already. Yay!
No one is arguing that Simmons doesn't have every right to think and blog whatever she likes about theatre, in Sydney or anywhere else. What's baffling is why this blog - with some extra comments from Kevin Jackson and a nameless former print critic - has been uncritically chosen to represent the theatre blogging culture in Australia, in the introductory arts feature on a high profile new media site.
Aimy Shaluly: Aimy Shaluly was born into a Rosicrucian family of the Ancient and Mystical Order Rosae Crusis (AMORC) and thus has developed a deep philosophy of life at a very young age. In addition to following the beautiful mystical philosophy of the Rosicrucian teachings, Aimy has also served as an officer in various capacities within this organization that has helped her develop real world people and organizational skills. She is a graduate of the University of Tampa in the field of Electronic Media, Art, and Technology, with a concentration in Management Information Systems. She currently works as Marketing Manager for Mastercut Tool Corp., an international manufacturing firm located in Safety Harbor, Fl. Aimy’s formal education and work experience, combined with her unique life training in the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC, gives her a keen insight into real-life situations. She currently serves as the head coordinator and organizer within the Colombe Committee for the English Grand Lodge of the Americas, a committee dedicated to the guidance of young girls within the order. She enjoys art and music, and directs much of her free time towards helping others through the portals of the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC, as well as contributing to a number of charities with her time and efforts.
The trail (Bald River Trail #88) got more difficult once I got above Bald River Cascades. I did find two more waterfalls, but was not able to get real good views of either.
2 pardon
Our friends Liz and David had booked tickets – a modest $20 for seats in the bleachers – so we took the D train for the Bronx.
I abused my body a long time ago…
But now back to the marking. And what about you? Have you been spring cleaning or putting some wintry items away and bringing out more light-seasoned ones? Or just enjoying these longer days. . . . (it's light here 'til 8:30 or so now, love it!)
I’ll have to write another—much briefer—post about our dinner, but for now the sun has come out and I have my own estate to attend to.
That type of bond could change the road ahead for cheetahs in Africa.
Kony marauds through central Africa murdering civilians. His sins have convinced the International Criminal Court to issue a warrant for his arrest. Everyone agrees, Kony must be stopped. The African Union agrees and offers increased support for a joint brigade of Ugandan, CAR, DRC, and Sudanese forces to neutralize the LRA. If you say, “Sounds like a good start,” meet me at the Science Club for some happy hour prices and the hummus plate. If that doesn’t sound enough like a Bruce Willis movie for you, continue on!
8 table spoons of water
Pristane – Obtained from the liver oil of sharks and from whale ambergris. Used as a lubricant and anti-corrosive agent. In cosmetics. Alternatives: plant oils, synthetics. See Squalene, Ambergris.
However, for those offered a flexible working, including from home, the length of time that employees could worked without feeling the pressure was much longer.
The S III comes with a removable 2,100mAh battery.
I’m moderately pleased with the output here. The colours are great, though the frame was slightly overexposed, and as mentioned above the gusting wind knocked the tripod about a bit so I didn’t end up with as crisp an image as I might have liked (click the photo to see it larger). I do truly love the effect, although shooting such a calm waterfront on such a wide-angled lens meant that the relatively gentle waves washing on shore didn’t make for as dramatic an image as a rougher sea would have done, where large portions of the beach would have been turned to mist.
I now was chatting about the magazine being
Industrial music was really the big venereal disease of the 90s. It was fucking everywhere, it was fucking awful, it ruined many a storied metal band and I still fucking listen to it to this day.
Jury’s still out on the Madoff sons, so to speak, but Bloomberg has a nice story on a 19th century swindler who was every bit as nasty as Bernie proved to be 150 years later.
so long. I tear up everytime I think about it because they are
Just because you’re paranoid doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you.
Then FINALLY we could draw on it, first you have to condition it. You just turn a piece of chalk on it's side & then rub it all over, then wipe with a dry cloth. Talk about messy! And then FINALLY we could draw on it!
Simply put: whether this a real condition or not, is unclear; what contribution drugs or restraint may play is not clear.
Could he see, that I have seen all of this all along
This follows an application from the Independent Police Complaints Commission, which says it has findings which should not be disclosed even to the coroner, but there is no doubt the Metropolitan Police would agree. Secret justice is seldom justice.
The next steps taken to overcome the memory wall included faster memory-I/O pins (the rising clock rate of SDRAMs from SDR to DDR 2/3/4, for example), more cache to relieve the pressure on main memory, and 3D IC assembly permitting many hundreds of memory-dedicated I/O pins (as with Wide-I/O DRAM). The ultimate attempt may be optical interconnect, abandoning electron-based interconnects completely.
Photograph Taken: 04/08/2012
A Guide to Network Transceivers
yeah. my outfit: shirt h&m, shoes dinsko
The Great Transformation is happening now! Your bodies are adjusting to accommodate the cosmic energies that are moving through the planet at this time. This increase in the vibratory field can be disconcerting to many people and can be a cause for contraction and fear…or it can be a cause for massive expansion in the heart’s ability to receive Love.
I'm debating repainting her eyes so that they will be open, what do you think?
Malpeques from PEI, Wellfleets from Cape Cod and Blue Points from New York, for example, are all virginicas but all display flavour characteristics representative of the waters where they grew up. Oysters will also taste and feel different depending on their species — a prized West coast Kumamoto oyster’s musky sweetness reflects the species as well as the waters from which it was harvested.
They had about 45 local and regional bloggers participate in a full day of sessions on Beer, Food and General blogging. I stayed with the beer track, but heard some great things about the other sessions.
Foster Wheeler AG, Alternative Energy, Deals By Region, 2006 to YTD 2012 8
Preheat the oven to 190°C/Gas 5. Line a large baking sheet with baking parchment. Working swiftly, place the three filo sheets on top of each other and cut them in half widthways. Then cut each half into three even strips lengthways to give you a total of six strips of filo per sheet (18 strips in total).
6. A feeling of hope and solidarity with fellow Malaysians
that’s guiding me to see this greater pattern of love,
The ancient Greeks had four different words that could be translated by our one word “love.” As with all synonyms, there is some overlap in meaning, but I believe they speak of different aspects of love. All four words are around yet in Modern Greek, though I don’t know if they still have the same nuances. Only the first two words are used in the Greek New Testament. C. S. Lewis devoted a whole book to these, “The Four Loves.”
So here we go; the song that inspires me; Snow Patrol – Chasing Cars. The main lyric, ‘would you lie with me and just forget the world’ make me think of love, of being special, protected. Unfortunately, I don’t believe anyone would do that for me. That hurts.
The bailout cost the British taxpayer £1,183 billion in loans and guarantees (not all used) – £46,700 per household. Public debt rose from 36.5 per cent of GDP in 2007 to 63.6 per cent in 2010, the public sector deficit from £634 billion to £890 billion.
is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers,
His street views were a little more lively, and he might just as easily capture a gaggle of kids playing on a street corner in a run-down neighbourhood (image above), as a party of friends out for a thrill on the pleasure rides at Coney Island.
Happy 2012 everyone!!!!
He's supposed to be graduating in less than a month. He has used up all of his "Get out of jail free" cards with that school...cashed in every favor and then some. As of last week, he was to miss not a single day of school...if that happened, they wouldn't allow him to graduate. I've been the weepy mom on the phone to counselors and principals, been the angry Mama Bear fighting for my poor sad kid. I've called the local agency that is supposed to be an advocate for kids who are outside the circle of "average" and "normal" (they didn't ever get back to me). And today I'm feeling like there is no more I can do.
Stephen Dunstone – Fat Andy
I tried to get back each day when possible.. usually my last stop before dinner and returning to my hotel.. On this particular day it had been 39c.. and everyone was melting and exhausted .. Even the statues seemed to have had enough of the relentless heat and were inviting all to join them in their cool aqua waters. It was tempting!! I nearly jumped in!
"He turned to his secretary and said 'Have you written up the bill of sale yet on that B-17?' And she said 'No.' and he said 'Worst case of wind damage I've ever seen.' and replaced his B-17.
I almost never pray,
Quite often you hear fans moan about players already “being on the beach” as the season winds down, but you’d have to be an extremely unforgiving fan to have aimed this complaint in Parr’s direction at any point in the last few weeks.
Adding “Nation” to the end of any team’s fan base
Happy Holidays, all! Sorry I am quite on the blog front. I have a friend in town this month and am laying low hanging out with her.
Introduced on March 10, 2011 by Representative Chellie Pingree (D-MN), the bill provides access and reimbursement to certified professional midwives (CPMs) for services provided to women enrolled in the Medicaid program. Congressman Rodney Alexander (R-LA) will be the first Republican to cosponsor this important Medicaid payment legislation.
...they notice new wrinkles on their forehead that look permanent
fiction query "Query Shark: Yes I read all the archives";
It was a hit for dinner, although I'll probably use a little less ginger next time, I felt like it dominated things a little too much. Otherwise I loved this dish warm for dinner, and then cold the next day for lunch! (I made a double batch so we'd have leftovers, that plus we tend to eat more than a typical serving size... just saying)
If a second-generation Moroccan living in the Netherlands could be deported upon obtaining a criminal record and an equally criminal native Dutch person could not, then the Netherlands would already have become a two-tier society, in which native Dutch people had legal rights that immigrants, of whatever generation, did not. Non-native Dutch people would know that their time in the Netherlands was something that could be brought to a halt at any time if they strayed too far beyond the law, provided they had dual citizenship or originated from a country that granted the right of return to anyone who could trace their roots to it.
She plays reed pipes and sings spellbinding songs.
Thanks for your support! We appreciate it all! :)
Everyday people are askng me am I ready for my Kilimanjaro Climb.
So this movie does something weird. When you look at it, it feels like it’s a movie pro-heavy metal. It feels at first as if it was a movie that was defending the right to party, and defending the right to hear your favorite metal gods. Its that kind of 80’s movie where teenagers turn agains their parents, and all parents are old out dated assholes that you have to hate. We don’t see many movies like these getting made anymore, but back in the 80’s it was all about parent hating. Just look at Breaking (1984) or Footloose (1984). If you were a teenager watching this movie, and you loved Heavy Metal, you are supposed to be siding with the kids, cause dammit, it’s true. Heavy Metal isn’t evil! But then the movie does a 180 on you and turns out the band is evil! The Black Roses are actually demons looking to take over the kids minds like some sort of crazy cult! So suddenly, according to the film, the parents were right all along, Heavy Metal is evil! It brings demons into your house! So the movie kind of turns against it’s target audience that way.
Last week has been simply great.
I weighed nearly 200 pounds and was heading down the road to Heart Attack City. Two years ago, I joined Weight Watchers to work towards my goal of doing the marathon. My plan was just to get fit, but it changed my life. I now eat better and exercise and in general, I look after myself - I've changed my lifestyle. I lost 60 pounds and have now maintained my weight for almost 18 months. I went from a size 16-18 to a size 4.
“So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal. Now we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, an eternal house in heaven, not built by human hands. . . We live by faith, not by sight. . . So we make it our goal to please him . . .” 2 Cor. 4:8, 5:1,7,9
Looking for something to do this coming weekend? One of my favorite Saturday activities will begin again this week. The local Farmer’s Market will open and I will be there with my cup of coffee in hand exploring the spring vegetables, tasting some great food, looking for my favorite homemade pasta, and probably picking up some baked goods. They have to be healthier there right?
Life goes on. Learning how to continue living after such a tremendous loss is a process, but life does go on. I know Dad would want it that way.
Hopefully, after pondering this for a little while we will realize how amazing it is that God refers twice to the rebellious doorkeepers in the book of Esther. Once they are mentioned for their plot being found out and the judgment passed upon them (this relates to the beginning of the judgment upon the churches which began on May 21, 1988). And now a second time, they are brought up again on the 17th day of the 2nd month. A day that ties in with the last day of the great tribulation; and a day that concluded God’s 23 year period of judgment upon the churches. This is further confirmation to us that we have been correct in our understanding of the significance of the 17th day of the 2nd month in the book of Esther.
Vlecta-placix-zazex-rarew-yat-tat mode
So now they walked up Sixth Avenue together, heading in the direction of David’s apartment on East 22nd street.
¼ cup plain soy creamer
Importantly, the lists set out in the Guideline “…are not intended to be comprehensive and the aggravating factors are not listed in any particular order of priority” (page 6). It is therefore open to the sentencer to treat other relevant factors as aggravating. The fact that the defendant was taking part in large scale public disorder could potentially be treated as an additional aggravating factor in its own right. This is in fact what happened, with District Judge Alan Baldwin stating:
Your rocking chair will continue to rock
Came home to find both Handsome Man and the oldest in the kitchen…moving at the speed of slug in dinner preparations! Scooted them out of the way, so that dinner could be served faster as my body was now screeching for some protein!
Just shy of 80*F today!! To warm all of a sudden LOL LOL But dry and the ground in the rideing area was dry and, I rode my pony today!! yippee!!
2006 Best Campaign Organiser
Explosive Eighteen by Janet Evanovich
Jeff was a high school delinquent whose father sent him to a traditional kenpo karate school for some self discipline. When the adult Jeff comes back to the old neighborhood, he finds the Korean mafia are pushing his old teacher around. Jeff doesn’t like this. Starring the superstar Jeff Speakman, thi- What? You’ve never heard of him? Oh, I’m sorry. I guess he’s not a superstar. Anyway…a fun movie with some truly cool fights, one of which is the total defeat of about 6 guys in seconds, this 1991 flick is a lazy afternoon time-killer.
Old Post Office Pavilion
Au Revoir, Les Enfants directed by Louis Malle
- 1/2 swede (rutabaga) cut into 2.5cm cubes
Now that my Christmas cards are out I will post one and wish you all a very Merry Christmas!
if you’re interested in sci-fi roleplay, then visit the website for citadel && read up! but if you just wanna explore, then make sure you wear an observer tag.. and it’s definitely worth it to check out either way!
Two years ago, I heard from a red-state woman in distress: her friends had taken to texting, rather than calling, and she just did not like it. Too impersonal, too short. If she called them and left a message, or e-mailed, they wouldn’t call or e-mail back – they’d text. In turn, they complained because she didn’t text.
Yesterday (Saturday) they opened the commissary (No lights, cash only) and we grabbed some extra food, water and diapers. Since we have the standard Mormon "food storage" I wasn't too worried about running out of food or water, but I didn't have any spare diapers so was happy to buy three big boxes yesterday for Gray-Gray. (And yes, I bought two big cans of hot chocolate. Priorities, people!)
In case you wondering, 60 years is:
Eighteen years later in 1894, Turner’s still trading in the same place. Cooper & Co., tea merchants, have expanded to occupy No. 8, 20 and 22.
A Giant
to go along with contraception, sterilization and abortion-inducing drugs,
There are pursuits more worthy of our problem-solving skills. Unprecedented environmental, social and cultural crises demand our attention. … We propose a reversal of priorities in favour of more useful, lasting and democratic forms of communication—a mind shift away from product marketing and toward the exploration and production of a new kind of meaning. The scope of debate is shrinking; it must expand. Consumerism is running uncontested; it must be challenged by other perspectives expressed, in part, through the visual languages and resources of design.
It also helped that every story had a different color shaded camera to each one so that we could tell which story was which and it added a lot to the stories. The USA stories are all full of washed-out colors that look like they have been in a rain-storm for about 3 days while the stories that take place in Mexico has a very distorted color look that gives it this very yellow and bright color that seems like it came from the “Jesus Walks” video. (Wait a minute, do I hear inspiration?? Damn Kanye!) Soderbergh also uses the hand-held camera style and it’s a lot less annoying here than I thought it was originally going to be in the first place and it adds so much to the stories by giving it this documentary feel. I know it sounds crazy that I’m typing a whole paragraph dedicated to the camera-work in a Soderbergh flick but it can go a long way if you use it correctly.
Exactly, a lot of us are nobody.
We haven't had any frosts yet around here but they are forecasting there might be one in a couple days. So I spent some time yesterday covering all the outdoor faucets and pipes (bubblewrap, newspaper, garbage bags and duct tape - nothing fancy but it works every year), and putting the insulation blocks inside the foundation vent covers. I also picked all the green tomatoes. I've got a late crop of snow peas which hasn't bloomed yet. If there is too hard of a frost I will just cover them with some more straw and they will become mulch, but I'm hopeful I might still get something out of them yet. I also wanted to work on some new insulated shelters for "my" feral cats, but after all that I was too worn out to start them.
Furthermore, sometimes a threat is enough. For instance, in the far north of Thailand, powerful businessmen – with government connections (Thailand is an extremely corrupt society), planned to move power plant equipment across the border to a Burmese town that is controlled by drug lords. The equipment was to be used to build a generating plant that would have been fueled with dirty coal. The plant would have spread severe air pollution throughout the region (and provided electricity for narcotics factories). A large group of local Thai villagers rallied and prevented the convoy of trucks carrying the equipment from crossing into Burma, with the threat that if the convoy tried they would destroy the trucks. There was a standstill that lasted weeks but the threat worked. The trucks withdrew and the power plant was never built.
I think I should definetely start a colection of World's Softest socks!
I don’t know how seriously RP took what MP was saying, but he would be thanking God for calling him because of point 3.
As for adding chocolate, follow the recipe except add 1/4 cup cocoa powder and increase oil just a little bit (no more than an 1/8, but really I just eye-ball it). Adding cocoa complements the beet flavor quite nicely, making this recipe one of my favorites. You can even really go crazy and add chocolate chips.
As Baghdad’s rush hour was beginning around 7:30 a.m., the bomber tried to ram the car through one of the few entrances to a compound that houses the ministry, the country’s police academy, several jails and a hospital, according to officials.
Joe said "Well one of those women is my wife and the other my mistress.” Phil just shook his head at Joe and started towards the women determined to finish his round of golf. Preparing to ask the ladies to hurry their game he too stopped short and turned around.
February 21st I left a message for the wife of the buyers for my boat deal that had fallen through. Told her I’d like to talk briefly and had a proposition to make. Also on the 21st I had arranged a dinner party, something I never did! I had invited my life coach Peter, my brother and his partner, my sis-in-law and a girlfriend. I was nervous cooking for everyone as cooking is not my fortay, but managed okay.
So for the guys who have ugly wives or girlfriends I posted two videos, one with an all natural remedies and the other chemical. I must add though, the video with the natural herbs are part of the common diet in the caribbean… no wonder it is a popular tourist destination..#justsaying
Michael Jackson then proceeds to spin around on the spot whilst shouting in my direction -
Okay I made that last part up, but if I were reading someone else's "ass-chewin" story and they ended it like that I would feel a little better. I still feel a bit off-kilter, I mean the woman told me I need to do some soul-searching to figure out if I can even make it in this field. That's a bit harsh. Plu,s when I did ask for details, she seemed to be grasping at straws. If I'm failing in my job I want specifics, not generalizations.
The first time Ella, Jess and I set foot in a gay bar together was quite a night. We were panicky, excited and scared to a certain extent. We found a lot of things shocking. I found the sight of an elderly lady kissing a young MD on the lips in the bar shocking. We couldn’t look at the dancers onstage much either since the sight of gyrating men in printed bikinis was new to us three.
The Leaky Cauldron Poetry Corner Group
Shela-Na-Gig
Afternoon snack was fairly late at 5pm but just what I needed for a burst of energy to finish dinner for the kids, put the washing away, make a chocolate cake (mix) for the poor dessert deprived people and sit with a coffee for a minute to make sure nothing is happening on the internet without me.
Dress: Forever21 (U.S.A.)
We had a whirlwind weekend, now back to a busy week and preparing to celebrate Easter, as I am hosting it this year. The one good thing of traveling this weekend was getting to spend time with family and friends.
Does this mean I would reject the opportunity to make tons of money off of my writing? No. What it means is that I’m not making the acquisition of money the focus of my writing. I am making writing the focus, the creation of worlds the focus, the telling of stories the focus. Foci! That’s a fun word: foci. Foci, foci, foci… focus! My goal is to write original, entertaining stories that are authentically mine. At this point, that means that I have no desire to seek out a publisher or agent, because I see those things as guarantors of compromise. I don’t need to be rich, I don’t want to be famous, and I don’t need or want my writing to be my income. I’m not saying this to wave a pro-Indie banner from my parapet. I’m not saying this to be self-righteous or holier than thou towards those writers who wish to make writing synonymous with their income. I’m just saying how I, Aniko Carmean, feel about my writing and how I choose to view and manage the relationship of my writing to making money. I am happy for everyone who lands a publishing contract and for everyone who makes it big as an indie. I’m not happy with people who make it big and then turn their blogs into self-aggrandizing sales pitches or non-stop guest posts. But that’s a different topic…
“Sure, but the ambient temperature in that cooler is going to be dropping as the ice melts.”
Something splashed in the box’s interior. A gentle fishy tang wafted towards Gerald.
* Photo walks
Authentic – or very close approximations to authentic – curries were being made in one particular London gentleman’s club called the Oriental Club which could be found in Hanover Square. The club catered for high society – the Duke of Wellington was the President and all the chairmen seem to have been Sirs, Lords, Major-Generals or Vice-Admirals. The Club was obviously a popular one; it opened in 1825 and in 1961 it moved from Hanover Square to Stratford House on Stratford Square, where it remains to this day. If you are a Londoner (and a man), you can still join, though it does cost between £240 and £850 per year to become a member.
This week I watched an episode of “60 Minutes” where a researcher at Duke was exposed as a liar, who , in my opinion, should face criminal charges. This doctor changed clinical trial findings in order to prove a theory of his, thus giving patients a false sense of hope, and possibly physically hurting them in the process. This story should bother anyone with a brain and a heart, but it bothers me on a very personal level because I’m part of the clinical trial programs there. It was almost a wake-up call about the simple fact that while we’d all like to think we’re heading on the right path, in the hands of the most qualified men and women on the planet, who really knows. None of us really know if we’re making the right decisions or if those we trust the most are making the right decisions either. I find myself worrying about it all the time. I worry about so many things, things I might never have even thought about before but can’t stop now. There’s so many uncertainties when it comes to cancer. This week was also hard because baseball great and Mets legend, Gary Carter, lost his longtime battle with Glioblastoma. I’d followed his struggle for a while and watched as he put up a very brave fight, but also, as this horrible disease tried to rob him of his strength and even worse, his dignity. His daughter kept an online journal as he fought, but it was also about her fight to cope and come to terms with the devastating situation her dad was dealing with. It’s a difficult read, but feels strangely familiar.
Jason Gillingham, county ambulance officer and on scene at the show, said: ''This was a very minor burn to the boy's shoulder, but he was conveyed to hospital and is recovering well."
Her break even point, because of her low start up costs and the fact that work is steadily coming in, was reached quickly.
Entangled Monsters
There is one hidden heart in this drawing. Can you find it?
A lonely heart finds within, coherence.
Eva and her five puppies will require a couple months of care and treatment, and possibly a surgery to remove any of the remaining pellets.
A-Ha Take on me N
Notice the lagoon that separates the west side of the island from the east. On the west side sits a studio home and a guest cabana with an electric generator. The east side is undeveloped. Marina and airstrip are a 15-minute boat ride away, on the main island of Abacos.
Is it that easy? To be drawn and then to feign interest. To be uninterested and then to anticipate. To run back again after escaping.
This week I’m going to be doing a 5-part story on exiting the comedy portion of my life. Here is part three (sorry, it’s a long one).
Its the best.
Coborn Plaza Apartments are the first step in the Fifth Avenue live! project, which is set to remake both sides of Fifth Avenue, from Ramsey Pl. N. to highway 23. Fifth Avenue Live! is expected to cost a total of $100 million. Among the projects of Fifth Avenue Live! are the expansion of the St. Cloud Civic Center and the university’s National Hockey Center.
Erase – Undo and redo are available along with an eraser and clear page feature.
Writing is what keeps me sane. The deepest truth in me is that I am one of those artists. Emotionally self-destructive, violently moody and filled with intense, quiet, simmering anger. If you have read my work, you’d see all that and more live in my characters. In fact, the characters in my body of work are defined by the sexualized violence they wield as both sword and shield, their emotional tremors and their desperate grasping at a hope that continually slips further away.
Today I met the boy I'm going to marry
To which we could add the latest incarnation of The Muppets.
Now, there were 200 people who were not dangerous who were killed.
9. How do you style your hair on a daily basis? I usually put some mousse in it and then blow dry...if I don't feel like it I just through it up all crazy like when still wet! LOL!
Hatchard's Piccadilly and Waterstone's in Brighton (Thank you Sara!), Trafalgar Square, Gower Street, Covent Garden and High Holborn.
In other words when someone is ill; especially the elderly, they are vulnerable and afraid - and you would expect as a fundamental right that their basic needs be protected, including I would most strongly argue the right to be spoken to in their native language.
1 banana
You really need to answer the question: 'what makes my product different?'
To me, the creative process is like a party with the Divine, witnessing a force unfold and move through that is so much greater than the ego. It is a mystical process, because at its core it is a mystery wrapped in awe and received in humility.
The wife and I have a very large piggy bank at home that we put all our loose change in. I suggest that you ALL get one. It might be your most secure investment in the future.
He called, “Pevan!” His voice echoed slightly, but he knew his sister was up there somewhere.
And then one of them lives near me and invited me to their weekly 5am runs. I may have to get some cold weather gear first. And if I buy a running headlamp, does that make me a geek?
What do you call the wheeled contraption in which you carry groceries at the supermarket?
And then they all chased butterflies across the grass, and took turns poking at a beetle who had been half eaten by a bird, was somehow miraculously twitching as if his headless body were still alive. ...was it? I don't even want to know.
on Cape Cod here in Massachusetts.
Hi peeps - hope you are having sunshine today?
We have convinced ourselves that consumers have the time and inclination to search the web for "content" (whatever the hell that is) that we -- and tens of thousands of others just like us -- create in support of selling our products when, in fact, consumers continue to show little or no interest in our self-serving "content."
Until 2007 Christmas time when I had to have a rushed major surgery and upon release from the hospital, found no soap would do. Every bar caused me skin irritations that can only be assumed a result of the medications administered to me while in hospital.
TCL What made 2011 your breakout year?
Home – 7:22 p.m.
And she didn't disappoint. OK, so the likes of Tinkerbell aren't quite as wholesome as Cicely Barker's creations, but she is a fairy nonetheless. And Betty LOVES to bake cakes, ALL THE TIME. In fact I partly blame her for my explanding waistline.
I'm a bit nervous writing this post today. This is my debut at Whoopsi Daisy GDT. Last week I have been invited by Linnie to become the GDT member of the wonderful Whoopsi Daisy Challenge blog for the next six month. I was so happy that words can hardly express my emotions. Thanks Linnie, this is such an honor for me.
It would appear the economy is not the only thing failing President Obama these days…
According to recent campaign disclsures, challenger Jana Duty has "lapped" incumbent William County District Attorney John Bradley in fundraising. She had $115,000 on hand as of the most recent reporting period compared to $35,000 for the incumbent, reported the Austin Statesman.
Although I've had this recipe forever, I have never actually made the pie before. Chocolate is not my favourite flavour, you know. But my family loves chocolate, so it was high time for me to give this a try. The filling is the same recipe that my great-grandmother used to make chocolate pudding. So I'm guessing this was probably my great-great-grandmother's recipe. It's OLD!
Also, before Avery passed away, I made her a promise that I would continue to be an activist in raising SMA awareness, making genetic testing universally available, and in finding a cure for her friends. I will not break that promise and in the name of SMA awareness and funding a cure, I hope parents of children everywhere will look at Avery’s Bucket List and help her complete items she was unable to.
My husbands man cave (aka the garage). He actually let me reorganise it. He often calls me a nerd when I come home with more baskets, containers or when I reorganise a space or better still when I label a container. So this shows me that he does actually appreciate my anal ways otherwise he wouldn't have asked me to do it. I measured all the drawers and went off to one of my fav cheapy shops and bought all the containers that I needed. The cost for this project was only $40.
I am a trained Registered Dietitian, and by default, discount anything that sounds too good to be true in terms of weight loss. I was doubtful about this program, but after reading about it, the ingredient lists of the products (all natural), I decided to give the 9-day cleanse a go.
Good luck and we look forward to drinking … err, judging your entries!
Well let me tell you what, two bike runs and three hundred miles later,
1 x 1 Set Pyjamas ~ (As Shown As The Picture) CV 58-1770 = RM19.90
Wednesday I started to try to tidy up the plot to show the allotment committee that we are serious. The secretary was saying that people wait on the list for years and then when they have been given a plot they pay their rent and never show up! WE don't want anyone thinking we are not enthusiastic! But Wednesday was also a frustrating visit because there are so many things that need doing there is a temptation to start them all and finish none.
1. Marc Almond - Day And Night
The Ladies of TribalTique
I know some gals who have had a goal to run a marathon, I'm not a runner but I love to hike.
were rated lowest among all
And an open heart
When M came back from work, he noticed that his wife was oddly mad. Not mad in the usual sense. Just really wonky in a peaceful way. I told him the wisdom I had gained and he asked me if I wanted dinner from Thai House. I said okay.
Enclosed are five sample pages.
However, I can see why maybe it shocked Emily a little in her last scene with Nolan and I definitely can’t wait to see how she’s going to deal with the Graysons now that she knows that bit of information. Maybe the performance of a lifetime in court could end up spelling doom for Daniel after all.
**You are responsible for getting the product to the winner and everything that is entailed in that process including obtaining shipping information and such. I will send an email with the winners basic information. It will be your job to obtain any other necessary information.
K: Yea.
Only procedures, arguments (‘I am more right than you are’ sort of nonsense.)
I pity humans who are reduced to eating fast food. For a wild animal, finding enough to eat is one of the great challenges of life. But with fast food there is neither hunting, nor gathering, nor cooking, nor washing-up. Is it any wonder that humans who dine in this fashion put on blubber like a walrus? The next logical step would be to do away with the chewing and the swallowing by attaching the corpulent human to an intravenous drip and injecting a pre-digested slurry of burgers, shakes and fries.
It's also quite clear that I was interested in this transition from childhood to adulthood at the time. Of course, when I was living it, I did not think of myself as young and unsure of where I fit in the world. I was just the same old me. But, I was in fact precisely a young thang, with an extended education, but not sure how it could be useful to me or anyone else. I assume in 15 years, I will see what I am now more clearly. None of this is to say that my characters were exactly me. They were not. It's just that I was apparently interested in these issues 15 years ago.
Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):
This is one of those colours I think everyone has in their collection (or at least should have!), a deep wine red. I really love the brushes on these polishes, helps me get a nice even finish! My nails are finally getting better, I have less breakages and splits, and they're slowly getting longer. I still long to have my long talons of old, but for now the short, squared off dark nails suit me just fine!
“Although one needs to understand that we must begin not from the monkshood, but by putting in order all in our usual working activity, family and other aspects of our social lives.”
He adds, “It was the first Indian non-film song that was composed on the thought and phrase of ‘satyameva jayate’. We used to play that song extensively at our concerts about a decade ago. That song is not as popular as Maaeri (from the same album) because we did not make a video for it. But I believe that is the point – if one takes a 12-year-old song and picks up its chorus, most people won’t know about it, barring a few passionate fans who instantly recalled it and called me up.”
He climbed in and spilled some of his drink
I just can't resist buying them. And we visit the library at least every other week, coming home with a bag full of books each time. This is M's bookshelf. Notice all the books stuffed into a pile on the bottom because they don't fit on the upper shelves?
"Actually, yes I do. Both me and my master like looking out to sea".
The mid-range beers called "Export"? No, totally wrong. It's the Pale Ales that were called that, totally, totally different type of beer. Export does appear in the 19th century, but only really came into common use in the 20th. 70/- has never been called Export. In the second half of the 20th century it was called Heavy.
I am a wife and stay at home Mother of a soon to be 3 year old little boy, with another son due in December! I have been card-making since 2003 when I was invited to join a card-making group from church. I love playing in my craft room, and have watched my crafting skills evolve over the past 7 years. I enjoy making all types of cards, Clean and Simple, to the more complex layered cards.
She says:
Please make sure you leave a name or pseudonym (no anonymous comments please!) and leave a blog link, Twitter username, Etsy username or email address so I can contact you. If I'm unable to contact the winner within two weeks, I will pick someone else.
34-band's intro and announcements 2.51
I love you all!!!! Love, Sister Jamie Gee
We've now got some herbs, lots of cherry tomatoes (I didn't choose those, what with being ALLERGIC to them), some mint (for the mojitos), some cactuses (I figured the bubba couldn't kill them), some roses, geraniums, jasmine and some purple plants beginning with c. I got a fork, trowel and gloves too, but you know, last Sunday I opened a new bag of soil and the smell hit me. My hands sank into the soil and it just felt so warm and cosy and... That was the moment, that was when I thought: mmm, I've missed this. I've missed soil under my fingernails, the smell, the peace of watering and although I didn't have a bubba before it was kind of cool watching her sow her seeds. She had a certain method that I wasn't too sure about, but what do you know? We've got some parsley sprouts that have survived the cats helpful sowing. Cool.
150g Bonvita rice milk chocolate
If it is the people who rules, if the power is vested with the people, are we not saying that the “People is the Boss”?If it is the people who rules, if the power is vested with the people, no reason for the people to compromise it with another form of government.
It’s impossible to gauge exactly how much time I’ll have during a writing session. An expected 8 a.m. wakeup time might turn into 6:30 or 7 on any given day. So instead of waiting for a good long break, I plunge in and start. I don’t bother with optimal writing conditions any more, because they so rarely occur.
In order to prevent a powerful Yeti presence in still-volatile Central Asia, the Bolsheviks partitioned their historic uplands between the emerging Kyrgyz republic and Tajikistan.
Controlled breathing exercises were required as I grew increasingly frustrated at the use of theatre to promote division.
Spare a thought for me, the poet, as you retire to your bed
When Sunday meets an enchanted frog who asks about her stories, the two become friends. Soon that friendship deepens into something magical. One night Sunday kisses her frog goodbye and leaves, not realizing that her love has transformed him back into Rumbold, the crown prince of Arilland—and a man Sunday’s family despises.
Thanks again, Christine! Now, doesn't that just make you want to leave your very own idea too for some future week? Oh, and, hey, someone please tell Christie! Her blog is Describe Happy, after all. :)
If I were your fool –
I catch Clay's arm and pull him over by me. The problem is - I had to let go of Brooklyn in order to get Clay. So, Brooklyn runs back over to the suckers and screams even louder, frustrated that they're just out of her reach. I walk back over to the counter, grab Brooklyn. Again. And try to distract her by saying, "Is that Papa?!" while looking out the window into the parking lot. It worked for 4/10ths of a second at which point she yelled, "That's not my Papa!" and started crying even louder. Now, if my other kids had teased her like that, I would've yelled at them. "Don't tease her! You're just making things worse!" But there I was, telling her that her Papa was outside. I didn't have time to dwell on my inequitable rules as Clay was jumping up and knocking baseball caps off a rack high on the wall. I picked up the hats with one hand, while grabbing Clay's arm with the other.
He was assigned for the first 3 years to the Southernmost part of England in Berkshire, Hampshire and Kent.
What would be our ideal world?
If human consciousness is to be sustained on planet earth, we need to stop denying our responsibility and accountability for the conditions that we have created around us. It is imperative that we begin to take full responsibility not only for the health of our bodies, hearts and minds, not only for the health of our communities, but as well as, or even more so, the health of the planet we live on.
In The Guardian edition of 3rd August, I read, regarding comments made
A young ‘buck’ who wants to lay by me tonight, (*1)
Cake: Goldilocks
I work on a computer all day at work and sometimes it seems that typing
I can’t make out what he’s reading. He’s bent back the cover to spill the book’s innards, casing concealed. Whatever it is, it seems to require rest for his elbows and half of his arms.
Instead, federal law enforcement officers lost track of more than 1,000 guns which have been used in numerous crimes. In Terry’s case, five illegal immigrants armed with at least two semi-automatic assault rifles were hunting for U.S. Border Patrol agents near a desert watering hole just north of the Arizona-Mexico border when a firefight erupted and Terry got hit.
Remembrance of days yet to come
The container has a 5-qt. capacity, and is dishwasher safe. (Just in case you forget it for a couple of days and get a "science experiment" growing inside.)
I really don't want to buy a new cookie sheet to replace you. Half the reason I love you is because I can always make cookies when I'm out of real food. And if I still haven't made it to the grocery store to buy real food, do you really think I want to go to Target for a new cookie sheet any time soon?
P/S BTW, my feeling is that these tests reflect on the teachers as much, if not more, than the students. I tell my kids not to worry about their scores.
Happy Spring and Happy Reading!
I put up with all the scenes
Anyway, that is why I have not written in a while. I am feeling like a loser and pretty hopeless. I guess this is kind of the same thing of looking for your first job. No one hires you because you lack experience.
Health officials in North Carolina are investigating a potential foodborne illness outbreak that may be linked to Ribeyes Steakhouse in Nashville, located about 50 miles northeast of Raleigh, Amy Thomas, a spokeswoman for the Nash County Health department confirmed this afternoon.
 Each merchant will place a sticker on your receipt for every purchase made for the initiative – be sure to ask for this!
Well, if I'm being totally honest, I was also going to point you to an event tonight that is free and internet wide.
It is an attempt to illustrate abstract ideas and in particular what is meant by "Christian faith"
to sit and sweat away
“In episode 13, we see a version of River from Series 5 wearing the clothes from the end of Flesh and Stone. Amy greets her and asks how she is. River says she’s just climbed out of the Byzantium. “It was so much fun, wasn’t it mother?” (paraphrased, not the actual line), she remarks.
ending life that could have been
Odd John, Olaf Stapledon, 1936 — (novel excerpt) Read in A Century of Science Fiction, with an introduction by Damon Knight. Knight notes that Rosny first wrote of the “superman as a bewildered misfit” and that, in contrast, “Stapledon’s Odd John is almost implausibly aggressive and successful from childhood on–glib speaker, money-making inventor and stock-market operator, organizer, spiritual leader; almost anything you want to name, John can do.” But Knight’s excerpt depicts Odd John at a “less confident” moment, in which Odd John encounters another telepath (J. J.) in a mental asylum.
Adjust heat level. Medium heat was just right for my stove.
Frank Paine is basically the ideal romantic suspense hero. I know this book doesn't come of as a love story -- that's another thing to add to the list of what one wouldn't expect from this novel -- but beyond the FBI cracking down clues and delusional serial killers exploiting heinous sex crimes, King of Paine is a love story. Paine has the good looks and the charm and the mentality. What he doesn't have, is atonement for his past, nor riddance of the ghosts that haunt him of the woman he screwed up with majorly many years before, but still loves, even to this day. But when she, Jolynn Decker -- former small-time actress now-turned bar dancer, thanks to his fuck-ups -- suddenly shows up again after all this time, the fact that her entrance is ill-timed to the case he's working on, can't possibly be a coincidence. The top-secret case involves humiliation, sex humiliation, via the dangerous world of online BDSM chat rooms and other methods of kink. And both Frank and Jolynn turn scarlet as they remember their own kinky past. However, Frank realizes he can't allow his past with Jolynn to impede his dilemmas now. Because if he keeps extracting his old ghosts, he won't ever be able to progress in the present.
The background stamps are from the Steampunk and Remnants sets by Tim.
Fri: Free
It has been a rough day. I am sitting here trying to come up with something to be thankful for and I’ve got nothing. Until, aha! My sister sent me a picture of little LMCE today taking a nap. Even though today was a rough day and OGE was pain, looking at that picture of the baby sleeping makes me smile.
Update: Whoops, that movie I linked is some Indian production barely 2 years old. That is obviously not the one I saw advertised as a kid unless my parents had a time machine or something. Help me out folks, what movie (maybe just made for TV) had a scene of someone looking into a bathroom mirror as they peeled the shedding skin from their face to reveal scales?
Plans fail
I seem to be going through a citrus phase.... We just had a thunder storm here, with icy hail and right after it, brilliant sunshine. I dont know if you notice the change in colours just before and after a storm. the light seems to make the fresh greens of spring and summer, just pop out at you. while I was watching the storm, I decided to make something and weirdly, without thinking about it, I seem to have strayed into those colours. so this little case is a permanent "pre thunderstorm" green.
Of course, just because a song is popular doesn't mean YOU have to like it, or hear it played at your wedding. In fact, discerning wedding couples will often go through lists like these to identify the songs they'll place on their "Do Not Play" list! But don't go overboard if you do that. Like them or not, these songs are there because masses of people voted for them with their feet (their dancing feet).
Some days I walk my younger son to school. (Yes, the boy who took the subway.) Some days I don’t. When we walk together, I find myself saying things like, “LOOK UP! THAT IS A CAR! WATCH OUT!” I grab his pre-teen hand. A little smothering, if you will.
In 1853 this section of the state was only sparsely populated, and most of the settlers in the area gathered at least once a month at Union Church for services. Thomas Ray was among those who attended. It may be there that he met the 17 year old Mary Adelaide Knight. She was the daughter of Levi J. Knight, a renowned Indian fighter and prominent planter in the area. She was also the granddaughter of the Reverend William A. Knight, one of the founders of the Union Church and the first state senator elected to represent Lowndes County. The following year, on August 22, 1854 Thomas M. Ray and Mary Adelaide Knight were married.
Indeed, as the failings of the State become more and more apparent, thanks in part to a critical media, more and more people in government will turn to the private sector for help. Even Cosatu wants private sector involvement to be mobilised when Postbank gets a banking licence.
2. I’ve been having more fun painting on the iPad!
4) If you enter by commenting on the this blog post, please provide an email that I can contact you with. Once I make contact with all three winners and get your mailing addresses, we will get the books out to you as soon as we can.
and a time when you and I were friends.
How much closer in sound can two names get?
1 eager
Justin Alexander wrote a cool piece (and a follow up) about modeling a hacking system similar to the one found in Deus Ex: HR in a d20 game. This got me thinking: could the same mechanical structure be applied to a different purpose? In this case, interrogating/talking to the denizens of a dungeon?
By the time you receive this, Mrs. Dawson and I will have left your service. We wish to thank you for the unfailing courtesy which, for the last ten years, you have shown to us, and which Mrs. Dawson experienced on what to her was an unusually trying journey. I enclose a postal order for two-and-six, for the cab fare which you so kindly paid.
Here is some information...
Some camping tips for beginners, but most camping trips involve common sense, creativity, and keeping calm when things get stressful. Camping is a difference between a storm and a flashlight in case you have children, the camping trailer hilo and Girl Scouts are organizations geared for building life skills in children and who are learning the camping trailer hilo of the camping trailer hilo to determine what other items would be good to bring and having the camping trailer hilo, we just use your gear to enjoy a RV camping is like having all the camping trailer hilo a group or camping meals because it doesn't have to take just any bag when going to last for days. You can create some mighty tasty gourmet recipes that taste like you've spent hours preparing them.
Really, Cookie does.
That stupid 12th Union Elder is boasting and all. I think he’s addicted to his power. I think that he feels ‘invisible’ and nothing can touch him. If he had survived, I wonder if he would have realized that his ‘power’ is not truly that powerful at all. He’s boasting about killing humans, and that angered Raizel. Stupid 12th Union Elder. He deserves that outcome.
Auroras are “probably the treat we get when the sun erupts,” Kunches said.
I waited, parked directly in front of the store, and positioned so that I could see the doors on both sides of the store, knowing that no matter which one he came out, I was sure to spot him.
Chick-Fill-A
Nakamura (1964) claims the Chinese preference for concreteness may be related to their lack of consciousness of universals. The Chinese language has many different words used to denote subtle varieties of the same thing or action. The English word “carry” is differentiated into (in hand) ning; nik, (in the arms) pouh, (at two ends of the pole) daam, (on the back) me, mejyuh, (in the pocket) doih, doihjyuh, (on the head) ding, dingjyuh, (on the palm) tokjyuh, (on the shoulder) daam, (with the pole) tok, toih, (with both hands) bung, bungjyuh, (bulky things with more than one person) toih, in Chinese.
While I’ve been in Seville, I’ve done my best to integrate myself into the lifestyle of the sevillanos. Meeting sevillano students and maintaining a relationship with them is harder than it sounds. Nonetheless I’ve found other outlets to interact with sevillanos and get a glimpse into the diversity of Seville.
Terraforming: Contemporary Discourse in Landscape Photography
Prelude To A Freestyle - Jay Electronica
Author Min Jin Lee writes with a delicate, almost spare hand, while showing us the perspective of nearly all the characters in the book. Lee says that she wanted to emulate the classics she most admired, such as Bronte, and I dare say she brings a modern touch to the style. I soon began to love it, although the head-switching initially threw me. If anything, it shows Lee's enormous grasp of social niceties, of the subtleties of social interaction, something so difficult to pull off.
From the lakes of Minnesota
David in the film is good-looking but in real life not so. In the memoir, Lyn Barber writes: ”Of course my friends all clamoured to meet Simon, but I never let them. I was afraid of something --afraid perhaps that they would see through him, see, not the James Bond figure I had depicted, but this rather short, rather ugly, long-faced, splay-footed man who talked in different accents and lied about his age, whose stories didn't add up.”
Although I would say I view quality over price and I understand worth is completely different from price.
When I was a kid, I used to stay at my maternal grandparents’ house relatively often. They had many books, and there being little else of entertainment for a young geek-in-training in their mining village, I would while away the time reading. I forget the name now, but one book was about the circus. I was reading this in the early ’70s I’d guess, and it was probably from the late 40′s-early 50′s. Anyway, I distinctly remember images of harlequins which seemed a bit, well, weird!
Thanks, girl! And things that make me different from others:
Todd van Allen gives my return to comedy an Under/Over of eight months – he’s betting under. I’m not prepared to never say never – but I’m pretty sure he’s going to lose that bet.
So, how has your July been ~ Busy too? Hope your having fun!
still singing people
The first poem I wrote was about World War II
It was that sweet, sweet, $100,000.
I have something new! Several somethings, in fact. First off, I have new ingredients, secondly a new camera with which to photograph them! A camera that can do fancy things, like shoot in RAW format! Which means prettier pictures, and better control of them.
After Thanksgiving we returned to our temporary home in California. Everything seem to be perfect, but it wasn't.
5 – I’m obsessed with Super Heroes but in 26 years of my life i have just read one super Hero comic.
Most people are decent people, who want to get along with their neighbors and want to enjoy life. It seems that more and more we are letting that slip through our fingers.
There is another cut of Apocalypse Now, of course, and I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention it. Apocalypse Now Redux, released years after the original, is 40 minutes longer and wildly different in tone. The movie plays out less like a spiritual journey and more like an intellectual one. Willard’s river trek becomes an extended history lesson in Vietnam, as the military rolls back to the French who had occupied the country in the past, and then further back into the indigenous history.
M: Mother to 2 fabulous kids aged 6 (almost 7 in May) and 2 (almost 3 in May)!
lemon slices and finely chopped Italian parsley for garnishment
¨ Jack Caldwell
‘Tax’. Progress! ‘You owe us money’. Repudiate former statement.
Psalm 23:5 “You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup runs over.” Olive trees produced a reliable income for grove owners. Between the food, oil and wood, not to mention the long producing life of a tree, farmers with olive groves would have been prosperous. Joshua 24:13-14 “So I gave you a land on which you did not toil and cities you did not build; and you live in them and eat from vineyards and olive groves that you did not plant. “ The bible indicates many occasions where olive trees are linked to the provision of God. The books of Deuteronomy and Joel both speak of the Lord’s unmerited abundance including olive groves; in other words, olive trees were linked to the provision that comes from God, not from ones own efforts. God also establishes His desire for our generosity and giving utilizing imagery from this branch. This concept is reiterated throughout scripture, from the book of Ruth to the parables that Jesus told. Deuteronomy 24:20 When you harvest your olives, don’t try to get them all for yourself, but leave some for the poor.
But seriously: I know how I like to shop for beauty products, which is to say that I like to try before I buy. I’m a tester, and I like to know I’ll love something before I commit to buying the full size.
Okay, aside from the prerequisite Photoshopped heads on bodies, notice anything else? How about Bradley's "Sims"-like suit and CGI'ed waistline? Did someone think he needed to trim down a little? This is like someone's pulling his corset strings behind him - especially from the expression on his face. No wonder DeNiro looks revolted; never had to put up with this on a Godfather movie, I'll betcha.
were made by the same guy. I picked these two for the
Our guest artists were Alexander and John Robert Cozens, the father and son who were very influential early English watercolour painters. We discussed the values-first approach they often employed in their watercolours. The book we looked at is called “Alexander and John Robert Cozens: The Poetry of Landscape” by Kim Sloan. The book was written to accompany a 1986 exhibition of the work of Alexander Cozens at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. The exhibition traveled to the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto the following year where it was augmented with the paintings of John Robert Cozens. I was a Preparator in Technical Services at the AGO at the time and worked on the installation of the exhibit. It was a marvelous opportunity to study their important work although my supervisors may have wondered why I took so long to hang pictures.
I once attended a lecture at the VPL about the future of newspapers. On the panel were media people like Charlie Smith from the Georgia Straight. When the mic came to the audience, everyone had something to whine about. One guy even laid into the press for not reporting the “connection” between Osama bin Laden and a “secret base” under the Burrard Street Bridge.
Normally, after working a year in a certain place, I start thinking about where my life is going and where I want it to go. This time around, I'm in a respectable field as opposed to my prior job (waitressing). I also know a lot about insurance.
As with Intelligent Design, none of this inspires confidence. Key portions of the Global Warming hypothesis are experimentally tested, and many are falsified, like the test showing that positive CO2 forcings are actually negative. The "scientific consensus" community lurches on, as if ignoring the evidence will win the argument.
ALL of the ideas linked up are fantastic. I wanted to share with you my personal picks for the letters A-H today:
5. Reaching the Verge: With most business practices, there is a drop-off point in the time spent on an activity and the quality of the results. The same can be true to an extent in social media, yet generally not enough time is spent on the right activities for the specific business. More activity of lesser quality is not as effective or successful as less activity of higher quality. Take the time to sample how much time needs to be allocated to particular sections of your social media strategy and how sustainable each activity is in meeting your marketing objectives.
Sesame and Tahini – These are a few of my favorite things
My best friend and her 3 boys came for a flying visit. We were so busy enjoying ourselves, I didn't manage to take a single photo! We were all chat, chat, chat, while the boys could be heard laughing and playing and full of happiness.
Great Ocean Road Coast Committee (GORCC) conservation officer Georgie Beale said foxes could also be found in coastal vegetation, and that fox dens were a common sight in the dunes.
2) He bought you back with the highest price possible– the life of His own dear Son. He didn’t consider even that too high a price to pay for you.
The past few weeks, I’ve been sharing snippets of the online conversation between Calli and Travis during their first Dirty Scrabble game. Today’s six follow that game, after Travis had to sign-out and get to his gig.
The word Beauty (or beautiful) is descriptive if used as an adjective to express the response of the beholder to an object, or if used within a clear context; if used as an abstract noun it is universal, and therefore meaningless.
of where we were
Will: Obama’s stimulus created jobs but not enough
or just to busy and caught up into other stuff I guess. but I have missed you, somehow I don't think you have missed me quite so much....
Be charitable and help the needy.
The judgment that was subject to the remittitur is the judgment after the
Premier McKeeva Bush said he believed the proposal would make it easier for travelling business people to take care of their affairs in Cayman and encourage investment within the territory.
I say forget that. My mother (and father) sacrificed money and time to give me life and I will tweet, update my Facebook status, buy her all the cards and gifts I please because she deserves at least that for all she’s done for me. Take a look at the article for yourself, but I suggest everybody else do the same.
You'll never rub the dry blood from the knuckles of my swollen hand.
- plain glass or plastic ball ornaments (seems like these are on sale at every craft store right now!)
like a hot spring on an icy
Panchphoran : 1tbsp(mixture of mustard,Cumin,Fennel,Fenugreek,Nigella seeds)
Readers should keep in mind that an associated reaction is not proof of causation. It is a much weaker connection, which is not always grasped by the public or the press. Association means there is no proof, only vague suspicion. Yet, as drug companies know, an association can sink a drug.
normalized relations with People’s Republic of China in the first of January ’79. And Deng Xiaoping came over and, when we were having our final banquet, he said, “Mr. President, you’ve done a lot for the people in China and you’ve never asked anything for your service. Is there anything I can do for you?” And I said, “Yes, as a matter of fact, when I was a child I used to give five cents a week to build hospitals and schools for those Chinese children and our number heroes that used to come to Georgia were missionaries to China. And now you don’t permit missionaries, you don’t permit Bibles and you don’t permit freedom of worship. And I wish that you would reinstitute those three things.” He said, “Let me think about it.” So the next morning, he told me, “We will not let missionaries come back in, but I promise you that we will authorize the distribution of Bibles for the first time and we’ll also pass a law in China that permits freedom of worship.” So they did. In 1982, they did that. I was over in ’81 as soon as I left the White House and they were really distributing Bibles, so now, as you know, the fastest growing number of Christians on earth is in China and partially
2005′s Sonic Blitz for the DS was a 2D side-scroller that best up beyond the already accomplished Sonic Advance alternation larboard off, injecting a little polygonal adeptness into the animation and the gameplay, authoritative acute use of the DS hardware, and about confined as a animating admonition of what fabricated Sonic the Hedgehog so abundant in the aboriginal place. At its core, Sonic Blitz Adventitious offers a absolute agnate experience, abounding with an air-conditioned faculty of speed, convolute levels, a arrangement of gadgets, contraptions, geegaws, and whirligigs for you to cast yourself off of, and rings, rings, rings. What Adventitious adds is added anatomy alfresco the action, as able-bodied as some abrupt moments of simple 3D action. Some of these additions arguably don’t add a lot to what fabricated Sonic Blitz so great, but they don’t yield abroad from it, either.
I feel the responsibility of educating two young horses ( and it is a big responsibility) and I'm trying too much to progress, not just letting it happen, and the 'trying' is putting its own limits on us.
Man Made
Over the last month, you guys have followed along as several bloggers, including myself, added a color out of our comfort zones to our homes. My color choice was coral, and I brought it in to the living room and dining room with some additions to the mantle, painted dining chairs, painted vintage desk, and pillows. The image below is my favorite shot of the living room, showing the new colors...
A special naming ceremony was held, which drew thousands of peopl. A scholarship pow-wow scheduled for May 11-12 to celebrate the calf’s birthday will now be a memorial.
And because I'm extra efficient *cough * eh,hem* or because I try to be extra efficient and usually fall flat on my face. Here are my top 10 photos of 2011 for the next You Capture challenge.
Must… have… caffeine…
The woman who did this reading for me hadn’t formally practiced her channeling skills for a year, but she described being in daily contact with a number of angels and saints, Michael in particular. She had a particular difficulty, more than most of us, with having to sort through myriad entities and pull in a clear “radio station.” She worked very slowly, taking an agonizingly long time to listen before making any statement. I wasn’t really bothered by the wait, especially since I felt that I needed a lot of time for this work myself, but Betsy tried to find ways to help her be more efficient. She reminded us that we are “on a three-way phone call,” and that we can request that the person ask the question some other way, find a clearer question, or add details, in addition to checking back with the guide spirit. Restating the questions differently seemed to help some in this case, but this student never did get much of a flow going. She felt frustrated, but she was undaunted, and she resolved to practice more.
Publisher’s link where you may purchase a PDF file to read on your laptop or computer, or an ePub file.
I have also planted some seeds straight into the ground for
and on the radio
O nymphs of Judea!
You cannot see the details with my pictures, but click on them and see them full screen, they are so cool.
just to see if you can improve the meaning of a song
I ordered the Bumgenius 4.0 when they were on sale for like 2 days on Cotton Babies. I only got 6 and I like them a lot. I see that on the BumGenius website if you like them you should try Flip and they are on-sale this week buy 2 covers get 1 free $27&change so like $9.30 per dipe. My friend ordered some and said they came with one insert per cover - I didn't think this was bad! So I might order some more this week before this sale goes off. At least they have a 30 day money back guarantee.
Some people have said that Sapient Nitro's pop video / recruitment tool is, among other things, an execrable piece of unmitigated shit, an exercise in self-indulgence not seen since the invention of Katie Price, a smear of cow smegma on a smear of cow shit on a smear of cow fuck, the worst idea ever brought to life, an insult to human evolution and foul enough to make The Yorkshire Ripper think, 'Maybe I'm not so bad after all.'
I was at a roaring twenties party last night and with whiskey sours, gin gimlets and highballs on offer we definitely were defying the prohibition, taking full advantage of the speakeasy in my friends living room. With light jazz bringing out the inner flapper in us we chatted, drank, danced and some even smoked cigars till the wee hours of the morning.
I can hear these echoes
Being in Nashville and recording with my producer and friend, Marshall Altman afforded me so many amazing opportunities. One of those was the people I got to meet and the people I worked with. The musicians that played on the record are so unbelievably talented. I can’t wait to share with you more about each of them and let you hear the amazing work they did on this record. I am really blown away!
But it may not be either of these challenges that will bring to an end the entire house of cards that is Mahmoud Abass’s little fiefdom. Just west of the Jordan River a storm is brewing just under the radar of the news cycles. With the loud clashes which continue next door in Syria gaining all the headlines and attention, the slowly building troubles for the continued rule of King Hussein in Jordan are hardly noticed. The rough relations between the Hashemite ruler and his mainly Palestinian Arab population has been simmering ever since their uprising led by Yasser Arafat in September 1970, called Black September, after which Yasser Arafat continued on to completely disrupt Lebanon before being exiled to Tunisia. Where the Palestinian Arab discontent being an accepted norm, one might wonder what has changed that makes the current unrest so ominous. The once loyal Bedouin Tribes are also joining in the demonstrations against King Hussein and the slow to nonexistent reforms in governance which have been promised since before the beginning of the Arab Spring of last year and have slowly been escalating since the changes started to sweep the Arab world. Since King Hussein has depended upon his Bedouin manned Army to enforce order and continue his rule, the fact that this arrangement may be coming upon rough times poses a serious challenge to his continued rule. The one comfort the world can take from this particular roiling pot of troubles is that King Hussein is far more likely to abdicate and take up residence in England or some other location in the West rather than take the route of open confrontation and releasing the Jordanian Army upon his subjects. King Hussein actually cares about his people despite his reluctance and seeming inability to give up any of his power over all parts of the country’s governance.
The particular ’Grand Cross’ alignment of the planets that we are experiencing this year is rare, although it has occurred a number of times in our past. It occurred in 1837 and in 1873, and again in October, 1929. Each time it has occurred, it was followed by significant economic upheaval and change, lasting from 6 to 10 years.
DONE. Now go check out the other stupendous and wonderfully fun projects from my new pals. If you can, leave them comments. We all thrive on our comments don't we? Keeps us going. LOL!
We (we being Donna Ty and Cole) left for Montreal. It's a long drive, and by the end I was just really tired and glad to get home. It was wonderful to see my family! It's been three years since I've been away from home that long, and pretty much the first time ever where my homecoming was mixed with sadness that I had to come home! I had such a good time in Boston. As I told Ty, he basically has the life I wish I had, with his days filled with cool activities and places to go, and tons of cool people to hang out with. Now, I love my friends here, but I only really have a couple of them, and my days are so empty! I really need to change things. But anyway, I feel like Summer came early this year, seeing as I got to spend ten days wandering around in sleeveless tops with the sun on my shoulders, driving around with the windows open and lovely music playing, hanging out with awesome people and just chilling... I really hope that I get to visit Ty again this Summer.
I have others on my team, young girls. Both are returning, again. Working to save the money. Trusting that the Lord will provide. Young girls who could be using that money on things that most young girls are spending money on at their age. Using the time they are working to have fun with friends. And they never complain. They are SO excited to return.
Preheat oven to 210 C. Remove the outer paper from the head of garlic but do not peel or separate the cloves. Cut off the top of head of garlic but leave the root end intact. Place cut side up on a baking sheet (or oven proof pan), brush/drizzle with a teaspoon of oil and sprinkle with the rosemary. Cover and roast for 30-35 minutes until soft. Leave to cool for 10 minutes then squeeze the cloves out of their cases into a small bowl with the veg stock and mash with a fork.
'Cause the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing
♪ The little green one is a silhouette of a post horn, which seems to be the symbol of the postal service worldwide -- I like that!
“I think you will help me.” I think that something got lost in translation. Although it’s grammatically correct, this expression feels coercive and threatening. If you’re asking for help, use a modal to soften your request and to make it more polite. Ask “Would you help me?” or “Could you help me?” If you make this mistake, we know you don’t mean any harm — it just makes us cringe.
It was a powerfully moving gig and it was hard to imagine anything he did musically coming out badly. So I asked him about it later and he explained that he'd learnt piano as a child but never got on with the notation side of it. "I remember doing grade two and having to choose a piece out of four on a page for sight-reading during the exam. I made a start but by the time the examiner asked me to stop I thought I'd probably finished the one I'd chosen and moved halfway through the next one. It just didn't make any sense to me." Here he is doing something lovely.
This is the heart of the calendar system. It combines two cycles of sacred numbers: one of 13 days, one of 20. The dates on the tzolkin are a combination of the numbers 1-13 and one of twenty archetypal glyphs. It begins with 1 Imix (that’s July 17th 2012), then 2 Ik, 3 Akbal, 4 Kan, and so on, cycling through all 13 numbers and 20 glyphs ending on 13 Ahau.
The topic was wonders of the physical body. That already hints at all sorts of fun, and the show didn’t disappoint.
After her holy hour she went into the sanctuary, knelt down, bent over and with her tongue received Jesus in Holy Communion, (since it was not permissible for laymen to touch the Sacred Host with their hands.)
I appreciate you reading my post and would love it if you left a message to say you've popped by or if you have any feedback.
So as the academic year draws to a close many students may be asking themselves what the University of Essex has in store for 2013. Well after a full year of walking, then crawling, over the Quays Bridge I have found myself wondering time and time again what the university intends to do with that huge stretch of open, and now perfectly level, wasteland that used to be The Meadows.
across three snow-topped garage roofs I spy
The first frame I made I used my hubby's set square and tried to cut nice accurate 45o angles - unfortunately they didn't fit together properly as they were all cut slightly different. I also find my method ensures I get the size of frame I want - and EASILY - we ALL like EASY don't we - LOL!
I placed a jump ring into the large bead.
A first attempt Week In The Life begins.... I took 38 photos of various pieces of the day. Of moments. Of feelings. Of routine and ordinary things.
But we ought to. For it is certainly not the vision we get in the Book of Revelation. In Chapters 21-22, we have John’s vision of the life that is coming after the Eschaton. And in his vision, our eternal home is not an ethereal heaven above, but a recreated earth. The new Jerusalem descends from heaven to a new earth. There it will be the eternal resting place of God and God’s people.
Two weeks ago I had a minor surgery on my head to remove some bumps that I've had on my scalp for quite some time. This explains why there have not been any outfit posts. I had 4 staples in my head and couldn't wash my hair for a whole week (not pretty!). The doctors and myself all seemed to think the bumps would turn out to be cysts, no big deal, but I got the news on Monday that they are an extremely rare form of cancer. CANCER! It has taken a few days for the news to settle in and right now I'm in the works with my doctors to figure out the next best step. Chemo, surgery, or possibly both. And honestly, hearing this news wasn't the worst part for me. The worst part was hearing three different doctors tell me to stop trying to get pregnant (we've been trying for 5 months) as a pregnancy would be too difficult for my body to handle right now. So during this confusing and very stressful time I ask that you please keep me and my family in your thoughts and prayers.
Vicki B. Brads
Malaga midfielder Duda barged into Messi to set up his second successful penalty and match Mueller. Messi surpassed the former West Germany striker when Iniesta slipped a perfect long ball between defenders.
2 red peppers, chopped
It will be an educational day run by a couple who do "living history" workshops for children, based on the Civil War/Stuart period of UK history.
Zulily is one of the best US private shopping clubs for moms and kids. It ships to USA and Canada only, but international shipping is also possible.
I stumbled upon a meeting of the Parliamentary Camra group in which I did something I've never done before in my life - I applauded a speech by a Conservative MP. The speech was on the impact on communities of pubs closing and I clapped when he promised a full inquiry into restrictive pub practises that limit consumer choice and hinder the growth of micro-breweries. He also said that the Coalition Government were determined to act to enhance the value that pubs bring to the community.
The Mets have not made mention of what roster spots will be affected. In the same report I heard the Mets are in discussions with the Seattle Mariners about a potential deal.
--Penfold
Hello all! I am back for the second day of previews at All That Scraps, and today we are showcasing an adorable set, called Spring Has Sprung! The little bunny, the sheep and the flowers behind the sheep are part of this set and I have combined them to a few other stamps (including the spring ticket above, taken from the Spring Logos) and these...
Sensible, relaxed Italy where one can still have a pleasing glass of Merlot at a motorway service station. Or a beer. Or a Grappa.
I was surprised that this fact wasn’t a concern to the people of Japan.
6 ) When your boyfriend changes his relationship status on Facebook to “It’s complicated”.
‘We spent the whole weekend there. We had great weather. We went on the boat. We made lobster. We met your neighbors and had cocktails. You loved my Bloody Marys. It was one of the best weekends all year.’
"Love's very pain is sweet."
Fortunately, I have a secret runner girl inside that I constantly suppress. Yes, I am one of those weirdos who loves to run! And I don't run with an iPod or music. I run to run and to feel the breeze and enjoy the beauty! I ran track for 3 years and cross country for one when I was in high school and I ran a lot of my freshman year of college, then I just stopped. So I'm excited and annoyed. I think it will be really good for me, and I have kind of wanted to start again. It's just finding the motivation and not thinking of it as inconvenient.
no coupons needed.
Sight Reading Contest: 4:30
In the changeover, the new site will most likely become accessible to different folks at different times, because of this. This isn't a bug or a deliberate rolling upgrade, it's just a part of how the core technologies of the internet work.
* Access to market (competition for shelf space at the retail level)
I masked cutie pie Tilda onto the window stamp and added hints of glitter and liquid pearl too,
That there is not greater loss is entirely due to the mercy of the Above, and the diligence and determination of the servicemen and servicewomen who guard our borders and homes.
You gotta keep up the drive
06 Angels
And the festival calendar rolls on, with little over a fortnight to the Easter festival at the Franciscan Well. If you're planning a visit to Ireland this spring, it'll be worth your while to fit that one in. No-one will even try to talk brewing history to you.
Mr. de Bruin has taken his money, the people have no houses, the farm is inoperative and the R250 000 cheque donated by President Mbeki at the handover ceremony for the people to buy cattle has simply disappeared! Nobody today knows what happened to that money. It also seems that nobody is accountable.
deep in my ears.
As most people already know, Skip’s surgery to partially resect his KHE has been scheduled for December 16th. We are relieved, nervous, worried, anxious, and a lot of other emotions… but mostly, I’m hopeful. As I mentioned in the previous post, I believe Skip will be in good hands with Dr. Chun. Jonah and I are each more nervous about different aspects of the surgery. He is worried and can only focus on the actual surgery, while *I* am worried and can only focus on the recovery. I am really confident that the surgery, while scary, will be fine– the part of every hospital stay that is the most exhausting and scary for me is when Skip comes out of anesthesia and is confused, scared, and inconsolable. We’ve done this twice before– once after his surgery to insert his port and once when he got his last MRI. He has a difficult time waking up afterwards. I’m there, ready to comfort nurse, but he is so confused and disoriented that it’s a difficult and tear-filled event for both of us. Then, of course, I’m also nervous about the two or three days that we have to stay with him in the PICU following surgery. He has to be hooked up to a “drain” for a while and they have to monitor him and stuff. He’s such an active baby, and I don’t know what those days are going to look like or what kind of confinement we will be subject to. I think that’s what gets to me the most: things that are unpredictable. Surgery is (mostly) predictable. They’ve told us exactly what they are going to do, how long it should last, etc. Recovery, on the other hand, has not been explained to us. I don’t know what to expect. I’m better able to manage my anxieties when I am prepped and knowledgeable of the situation– therefore, the actual surgery is not the part of this that I am stressing over the most.
often with the same enthusiasm he demonstrates when I make him put away his clean underwear and socks.
Kevin Francis Cleary, 38, New York, N.Y.
Hey Jason…
Burt Bacharach wrote the music and Hal David wrote the words for dozens of hit songs -- including "The Look of Love," "Raindrop Keep Fallin' On My Head," "What's New, Pussycat?," and many, many others. Dionne Warwick was the biggest beneficiary of the Bacharach-David partnership. She charted 38 of their songs, nine of which reached the top 10.
It snowed two days ago. Okay so it was not the 114 Cms that blitzed London,ON. But hey for someone who has seen nought but the dessert for the better part of their life, 10 cm is quite respectable.
Now I’m awaiting my install date, but before they come to install it, I need to fix the cracks in the marble hearth (and give the whole mantle a good polish) and paint the pocket door floor track (white).
Morrissey Everyday is like Sunday UK
Michael Michalko is one of the most highly acclaimed creativity experts in the world and author of the best sellers Thinkertoys (A Handbook of Business Creativity), ThinkPak (A Brainstorming Card Deck), Creative Thinkering (Putting your Imagination to Work), and Cracking Creativity (The Secrets Of Creative Genius). As an officer in the United States Army, Michael organized a team of NATO intelligence specialists and international academics in Frankfurt, Germany, to research, collect, and categorize all known inventive-thinking methods. His international team applied those methods to various NATO military, political, and social problems and in doing so it produced a variety of breakthrough ideas and creative solutions to new and old problems. After leaving the military, Michael facilitated CIA think tanks using his creative thinking techniques. Michael later applied these creative-thinking techniques to problems in the corporate world with outstanding successes. Michael has provided keynote speeches, workshops, and seminars on fostering creative thinking for clients who range from Fortune 500 corporations, such as DuPont, Kellogg’s, General Electric, Kodak, Microsoft, Exxon, General Motors, Ford, USA, AT&T, Wal-Mart, Gillette, and Hallmark, to associations and governmental agencies. In addition to his work in the United States, Michael has worked with clients in countries around the world.
Today's Toast of the day!
I found this recipe on Everyday Food that I decided to use. Except I wanted to make a small 6-inch version (the last birthday cake that I made for Sue was ice cream cake and it stayed in her freezer for like 3 months before she finished it!) So instead of making one 9-inch cake and then cutting it in half horizontally like the recipe says, I made two 6-inch cake layers and tried to adjust the baking time accordingly.
I can't believe I've gone this long without peeking or losing my mind.
but to them, we were all just punks
Knowing she would return, sorry for time they lost.
N&O reporters, editors and designers (both past and present) have been expressing similar feelings on Facebook. Here’s a sampling of what’s being said there:
Line the bottom of a 13x9x2-inch dish with 1 bag of cookies and layer bananas on top.
1. Fry onion in the oil until golden
Speaking of which - don't forget that this month we want to see your guy cards - any style, any theme - just something you could send to a fella - here's another one of mine for a little inspiration if you're struggling to get your creative juices flowing:
Yeah, Cool World is obviously a noir-ish spoof of hard-boiled dramas with duplicitous dames, hard-nosed characters and the dark, seamy underbelly of life... albeit with a cartoon slant on things... but it has not one iota of joy or excitement in what it's doing or what it has the ability to accomplish.
7But now he has overcome me with weariness and fear, and I am in the grip of all my trouble.
SNAP happens to be one of the programs Republicans plan to cut in order to pay for tax breaks for millionaires and to give the Pentagon more money than it even wants. If Paul Ryan, John Boehner, and their fellow Republican Catholics in Congress think we should be following the moral dictates of the Church, they might want to reconsider those Church-endorsed programs that bishops say address “the needs of the hungry, the homeless and the unemployed first” and “reflect the shared responsibility of government and other institutions to promote the common good of all, especially ‘workers and families who struggle to live in dignity in difficult economic times.’”
Floral skirt: made by me
Two of the lads are married. Another is in a longterm relationship. Every so often, others join us and they’re usually very gay men.
With all the familiar faces gone and the one everyone been rooting for out of Cycle 18 America’s Next Top Model, is there a chance to increase viewers’ rating or is this the end for the much anticipate reality TV show? We know its not the end but cycle 18 has unconsciously showed us that the show is not ‘fiercely real’ and fair as it should be. At least Fatima Siad, the Somali model from cycle 10 is a living proof to the testimonial.
So, what did 20 years do to the rest of my classmates? Who else would prove to have suffered undervalued coolness back when mullet-sporting boys and big-haired girls walked the halls of our windowless Stone Mountain High School? And whose coolness would prove overvalued?
17th February 2011
Until the small gathering becomes a crowd, and until that crowd enthusiastically embraces Silver Spring Patch, the potential benefit of the crowdsourcing tools already in place will be unrealized.
As my new plants settled in, I began to anticipate the arrival of Miss. Slave Driver with barely contained glee. I was sure I’d one-upped her this year – she’d pat me on my back and applaud my resourcefulness.
So, some, by no means exhaustive, Dos and Don’ts. Obviously, this is from my perspective, and what works for me. It might be different for the person you know. It’s also not aimed at anyone in particular. The one thing that seems to be universal, is showing up and talking to us. So easy, and so hard at the same time.
Team with the best cards: Blue Jays. Easily. So many great shots. Pat Borders. Dave Stewart. But I think the Roberto Alomar card is one of the best in the set. Also, the Indians have some pretty great cards, too.
Nah. I’ll be serious. You guys rock. I’m not kidding. Your “likes” and comments never fail to make me smile. As long as I continue to please, I will work at improving my blog, and take much pride and gratitude in watching those viewer stats climb.
Yes, this really happened.
On a recent visit to the Biltmore Estate we happened to browse one of the gift shops. There, among other statues and fountains we found "our" St. Francis. The statue's simplicity was the main attraction. So we bought him and brought him home.
Attorneys Meghan Shapiro and Christopher Leibig asked the Richmond Circuit Court for an injunction halting the allegedly unauthorized practices.
and mapped to every match in Webster’s latest
For several years.
But what, you ask, about the zombie horde?
I don’t think, unless you sell thousands/millions of copies, an author will ever be happy with the level of sales. I would very much like to sell mine to a much wider audience and definitely think there is more I can be doing to improve sales. It’s hard though; I’ve had one very small article published in my local paper after writing to three local newspapers and two local magazines. Two of the newspapers haven’t replied after three months. The magazines weren’t interested even though they compliment themselves on promoting local authors, businesses and talents. I found this very disappointing and not at all encouraging.
We’ll try to deliver insightful analysis and exciting facts beyond the obvious
It’s fair to assume that the city of Crestview would be sure to benefit from the presence of a school which generates licensed graduate level professionals in much the same way that JD Alexander desires for his city. Is Scott picking winners and losers? Or is his veto a way to get back at FAMU and Ammons. Scott wanted Ammons suspended for last year’s tragic hazing scandal and was rebuffed.
* 180 square meters floor area more or less
For those who’re interested, the single will be released on May 25th and there are three versions: a Regular with just the CD but two extra songs, and two Limited Editions with a CD+DVD , but only “Haina” on the CD.
Control is an illusion. Parents who control, are themselves out of control. Kids who are controlled feel like they have no control over themselves. It's a vicious cycle of disempowerment, in which lying plays a huge part, both lying to oneself and lying to others.
Q. How do you decide what projects to work on, and how do you go about reporting and editing them?
I have things in the works for September, so I know I will get out of this seemingly endless hallway of closed doors. But that is 6 months in the future, and my unhappiness is the inescapable present. I've been reading lots of articles on if it's better to be unemployed or to take any job you can get. If you had asked me in February, I would have said it was a good choice to work, though probably because I had the writer job on the side. Now, I'm not so sure the slight economic advantages outweighs the emotional distress. I don't think it's selfish to say I deserve better. However, I don't think it's fair I put all the financial pressure on Ben, even if we can afford it. So it's been back and forth the past few weeks, deciding what to do. In the end, I know I'll stay because I don't like making things harder for others, and my Protestant upbringing balks at the thought of voluntarily choosing not to work. But in that case, I need to find something more mood-boosting than hitting the treadmill for an hour, or I'm not sure in what emotional state I'll be 4 weeks from now.
Suppose the video had taken a different twist. Lets say the dude gets knocked ass over tea kettle. just as the crowd swarms him he comes to his senses. Draws a gun. Puts a few of them down. Not down wounded. Down as in done.
When I do though?
The only people that think austerity is a dirty word are tax-and-spend liberals.
And there really isn't much more to say. We drove for a while more, then arrived back in Montreal.
Bracelets- World Market
A touch of the licky-lickies from a blog that was once thought to be premier political site. You might like to suggest your own three reasons on the forum (which is still open for registration). I'll give you a starter for ten ... Huhne?
R 83,85
Now coffee is the branch of chains
All this has made me pause and think about why I buy certain books and ignore others. And I do buy a lot.
Her eyes widened a bit at the mention of the name. "How do you know about him?"
44. A sixth grader’s book report on a Goosebumps story
Sometime in the 1500s the roof was raised and a second floor put in, together with a large brick chimney and much larger windows (the two vertical panels to the left would have been a window).
The bar area is spacious, and there is a large patio full of tables out front right on the street. They had 22 taps going. Bottle sales, too -- and they also sell bottle-shaped bubble wrap packs for those who are traveling. I had samplers of the Blueberry Bourbonic. L'agent Orange, Sang Noir, and Pater, all great. The first two of these were one-time-only single casks, 55 gallons fruit- infused and aged. I also picked up a bomber of Sang Royal to take back to Japan.
On the afternoon of 1 May, Han Ji Min updated her facebook page, saying “In our beautiful landscape, please look forward to Park Ha and the Crown prince” and uploaded an image.
For those just tuning in, we've been doing this for a while. Here's the idea:
Morgantown – Federal prison camp located in northern WV; just north of Kingwood.
The people of Hawaii were so gracious. I was a little surprised, I must admit. I had sort of expected that residents of an island constantly inundated with tourists might get a little tired of dealing with them. I mean, I know tourism is critical to their economy...but still...Was I ever wrong. The people we met could not have been more helpful and warm spirited. The welcome we received and the way we were treated will remain one of my most cherished memories of Hawaii. Hopefully one day we'll go back.
Pop stars are arbiters of taste and behaviour and must take personal responsibility for the harm they have done to young people by creating degenerate images to make themselves millions. Young people identify with them and are beguiled by their rebellious and exciting images while in reality they live in mansions, employ gardeners, maids, cooks and butlers and send their children to the best schools.
They found that people who got up regularly to switch the TV channels by hand rather than using the remote had a stomach circumference that was on the average 2 1/2 inches smaller than those who used a remote. This is almost un-American to get up and switch the channel by hand. Perhaps that is why it was conducted in Australia because it is unlikely they would find 169 adults in the United States who would actually get up and manually change channels.
As I was going through the compositions from my past I came across this little number that attempts to demonstrate emotion through form, the message essentially relates how I felt as though I were falling, spiritually and emotionally. Instead of throwing the poem with the other scraps and undesirables, I decided to give it a part deux to show the contrast between past and present, it is a poetic testimony of how Christ changed me–Oh the change!–and I share it with you now.
I never knew this. I don’t know why Wifesy would steal my clothes after I die. She has full access to my wardrobe while I’m alive. Maybe this is where the gay rights movement gets all of its funding. All those Salvation Armies and thrift stores you see around? They’re really just money fronts for the gay movement. All the clothing is gathered by gay people who use their penises to determine when someone has died. The penis (or vag) functions as a gps, once they arrive at the corpse, they strip it, and give the clothes to a thrift store. The proceeds, of which, immediately go into the gay coffers. And, of course, all of this happened to Whitney Houston. But, you knew that, right?
Evil was winning. I was losing my sanity.
It is unlikely you will find a selection like this anywhere else. Kalustyan's, at 123 Lexington Avenue, was established in 1944 by K. Kalustyan and is now owned by Sayedul Alam and Aziz Osmani who have expanded the selection to create an international specialty food market, with a concentration of Middle Eastern and Indian food. They have thousands of varieties of food items - herbs, spices, teas, coffees, pastries, baking products, oils, nuts, seeds, breads, beans, chutneys, etc. Upstairs there are cook wares and a small deli with prepared foods and a couple of tables.
Cantor: the government should never
Sandra: Wow this is a tough question but it has to be The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. I love Allie and Noah’s story. There were so many reasons why they should have parted ways and moved on with their lives. Time and distance couldn’t even keep them apart. They were just meant to be together. Their chemistry jumps off the page and keeps the reader hooked from the start.
I never return
I attacked this time. Pushing my size advantage, I pressed her backwards toward the opposite wall. She was difficult to pin down. Slight and quick, she darted back and forth, trying to escape my advance or at least turn me. Former training settled over me and my muscles remembered old moves. Then she tripped on the uneven stone. She went down, weapon skittering across the floor and out of her reach. Before she managed more than rolling to the side, I pinned her on the floor, wooden club against her throat. Old instinct flared, demanding the kill.
Amateur radio operator Harvey Ham and his long-time girlfriend Hope were enjoying a romantic evening together ...
Shakespearean Tidbits I’d Like to Know -
(The usual.)
CAMRA’s support for such a policy is an easy victory for the neo-Prohibitionists and an outright betrayal of the drinkers CAMRA claims to represent. It’s about time this ‘drinker’s champion’ started fighting back against the constant slurs against brewers and beer drinkers, instead of agreeing with those who attack us.Absolutely - yet again CAMRA blunders into the “divide and rule” trap set by the anti-drink lobby.
honu060nosa@post.wordpress.com This is the magic email address. If you email it to this one, everyone who is subscribed to TDA Blog will be automatically notified! No more mass emailing is needed to communicate with everyone!
But what if the world does not form from out of language?
In 2007 HSUS staffer John “J.P.” Goodwin (a man with a long arrest record) traveled to Dane County, Wisconsin to testify in an animal-fighting case. Only one small hitch: The judge wouldn’t let him testify.
Well I can't let you in, she says.
Diary: Forrest Gump was at our door again this morning. He was apparently down on his luck and seeking food. He often does that. I believe he views the entire neighborhood as his own domain and feels rightfully justified to enter all our homes. Of course, he’s quite pleasant about it. Being quick with friendly overtures, I don’t think he’s ever met a person he didn’t know. But quaint disposition aside, the motivating force behind Forrest is an overwelming desire for self-satisfaction. Though cute, he’s quite passive aggressive. The only way to dissuade his convictions is to close the door. Of course you may be thinking what’s the harm in sharing a little food with a neighbor? Well, unfortunately for Forrest, we can’t let him into our house. Our dog is afraid of little yellow tabbies.
Its been over two months since being made redundant now and times are really hard. To spend day after day applying for jobs, not hearing anything back from anyone is extremely demoralising and depressing. Yes, its that dreaded word again, depression.
under the influence of alcohol.
P.S. I do teach ballroom with a little bit of hip hop thrown in on Monday nights because Greg and Lisa are just wonderful people and fellow entrepreneurs who have a real desire to learn. I do enjoy teaching just a little bit still. Four hours a month, that's all.
no borders
Thanks to Pat of B&T for taking the time out to answer some questions.
N: It’s best you don’t know the details sir but it involves monkeys, vines and tree trunks.
In addition to Oyler, Steamworks staff members earning the certified beer server designation are: Aaron Albosta, Jesse Armer, Ken Baker, Mike Brace, Jen Burgstahler, Stevonna Chavez, Nicole Clark, Sean Clark, Ben Colia, Stephanie Dieter, Theo Dillingham, Cassie Farr, Lea Gibbens, Landon Griffin, Jason Haley, Joel Hayes, Brandon Herrera, Chip Hosfeld, Marc Howard, Stevi Jaworsky, Steve Kammerer, Wilson Lawrence, Josh Lengner, Ken Martin, Katie Matney, Brian McEachron, Shirley Melton, Sean Moriarty, Sena Nissen, Sabrina Olsen, Derek Raimo, Rick Rivera, Spencer Roper, Mitra Sabeti, Jorge Sanchez, Keara Sandy, Devin Schuck, Brian Skyles, Erin Skyles, Lauren Turner, Shelton Urquidez, Alice White, Dave Woodruff and JD Zent.
And of course Obama is still helping the unions in his fashion. It’s ‘the Chicago way.’
On my way to The Hill (for so I denominate it in my mind), I notice that the end of my handlebar tape has popped loose from its moorings. I stop on a bridge to fix it, which involves unwinding the two layers of sticky tape that secure the end, re-winding the handlebar tape, and re-applying the sticky tape.
According to police spokesperson Superintendent Eugene Opperman, the robbers had entered the house at about 9pm. They tied up the son, who was alone, and began ransacking the home, loading goods into the family's black Toyota RunX.
Visitors will be able to view our studios and gallery and pic up a map and brochure for the other many wonderful studios open this weekend in the Shire.
that the hooks are made from vintage porcelain knobs that were used on telephone poles way back
Scot Meacham Wood - I always love the boundless joy of holiday parties. And there is little on the Earth that makes me as happy as preparing a beautiful home for the holiday season. The sight of the van parked in the driveway filled with fresh greenery, some great dance music on the stereo, and seeing a beautiful home transform into the ‘stage-set’ for entertaining.
Publisher: Hodder Children’s Books
And told him so, but friendship never ends;
Crime and punishment
While it is as–of–yet unclear what the result of the “incomplete” verdict will be, adding more fuel to the fire, the presiding judge has yet to rule on whether APIs even can be copyrighted under U.S. law (asking the jury to assume that they could be). As reported by CBS, the prediction is that Judge Alsup will rule that they are not.
Details of the Deal:
The typical student in America nowadays learns nothing of foreign cultures until ninth grade. This is a huge mistake. Most of the civilized world begins teaching their students about other cultures in primary school (Day). We have become one of the most stubborn countries in the entire world in regards to accepting other cultures. It is this defiance which has built from generation to generation to the point where our youth cannot even understand why they should have to learn anything at all in school. It does not bode well for us that even the government is hindering our youth with minimal requirements of beginning classes in foreign language with no emphasis in exploring culture in general. Based on the context of the requirements and the students’ attitudes, the only benefit from cultural education is another grade for the report card.
As U.S. Attorney, it was Johnson’s job to indict Capone, and a large portion of the book details how Johnson’s efforts were part of a broad attempt by several federal agencies, ordered by President Hoover himself, to topple Capone — the “leading symbol of lawlessness.” When Prohibition agent Eliot Ness, who was anything but camera shy, came along in 1931, raiding breweries and weakening Capone’s empire, Johnson had already been working for two years on the tax evasion charges that would put Capone behind bars.
He was brave—his death has the makings of lore.
I want to talk about chaos. With airbrush and acrylic, you must work in a very organized way. You have no choice. With a computer, your process could be very chaotic. This little walkthrough will be a good example. «Fuchsia» is a picture I did several years ago.
“Expressing the sense of Congress that the use of offensive military force by a President without prior and clear authorization of an Act of Congress constitutes an impeachable high crime and misdemeanor under article II, section 4 of the Constitution.
A little update on life the past few days... Ive been able to get some major things done around here. Getting many of my wholesale orders out the door. Still several to go, but a big one is almost done and that makes me feel so good. My taxes are almost completely finished. I got to see some of my family two days in a row! They came up to Bandera which is always nice, and then we went into San Antonio last night. We had a great family bbq at my Nanna's last night. Such good food, I was stuffed to the brim. Whenever there are meals over there, there is so much food I wouldnt normally have on my table, that I kind of pig out in a big way. Everytime. I ate two brownies and a piece of chocolate cake for dessert!!! Geez. But the good thing is, we were able to stop by Whole Foods on the way there and pick up some yummy good for ya stuff, so my fridge is stocked!
Only another week and a half until we move to our new house. Kind of nervous about it. My boys are VERY destructive. Who am I kidding so is Aspyn. ha ha. But so VERY excited to make new friends for me and the kids. There is literally NOBODY around here. We have lived here for almost 5 years and have only make friends with like 2 families.
program. The
A commenter, Anonymous, on a post I wrote about Registries Not Being Greedy didn't like that a commenter thought that she received crappy/bad gifts from guests who didn't use her wedding registry. There's nothing wrong with disagreeing but to call the commenter a "brat" and wish that her "marriage fails" is unnecessary and obnoxious and rude. Plus, if you're going to have the balls to write something negative to or about someone at least have the balls to put your name on it. Which is a personal beef I have with the Internet.
Last Sunday, I was so bored and decided to make another self-portrait. I remembered one of the finale photoshoot in ANTM cycle 16 when the photographer used mirror. I thought of the same concept but more on a little less reflection. I used a tinted glass then put a black fabric as background so my reflection will appear in the shoot. I took a few shots only.
I should be the one in the stands watching them.
Something about the neutral colors all coming together really stands out to me. Good job, Alarm That Didn't Go Off. Score one for you.
Gary Carnell (English Democrats) 192 (8.0%)
DR MAROON: Security! Can you help Mr McShae back to his seat please? Thank you!
STI or EVO in decent shape: 20k or so.
I hadn't known that and I hadn't expected it and my face must have conveyed that to Denise exactly. "Yes, my dear," she said, handing me back my book. "Some people see you out here minding children and they think you're a fool. But some of us have some brains, don't we?"
If you have ever taken a trip to Florida, you have probably seen these in airport gift shops and rest stops.
They are made from La Mai coffee grown in Thailand.
Let me introduce you to Ivy the Nerd
On Saturday mornings at 9:30 there are free guided tours of Ft. Bayard, and since we are only about 3 miles from there, Debbie and I decided to check it out. That was too early for Jim, and since it didn’t involve eating, he chose to pass. It was a smart move on his part. Nearly two hours later I finally made up an excuse that we had a lunch date and had to go, not realizing it would be such a long tour. And we weren’t close to being finished. I hate to say anything negative about the docents who volunteer their time to give the tours, but we were the only two people who showed up for the tour and we felt like we were held captive! Live and learn.
May 20, 2012 / Washington DC, United States / The Rock and Roll Hotel
Ben Hope is an ex SAS major now retired who spends his time helping retrieve kidnap victims. An old army buddy of his dies in Austria in a supposed accident but it seems out of character and riddled with suspicion.
then, in response to another tweeter:
· They believe that ALL local churches must be under the authority of a regional or trans-local apostle
R 3: * Sl st to ch 7 loop. (Ch 3, sl st in loop) 3 times. Ch 15, sl st in 5th ch from hook, ch 10, sl st in same ch 7 loop. (Ch 3, sl st in loop) 3 times. Sl st to next ch 5 loop, work (ch 3, sl st in loop) 5 times *. Repeat from * to * around. Join with sl st to first trc. End off.
I’m not expecting you to stop preaching or for you to make everyone have a bonfire and burn your books up, I just wanted to write this so you would know how this 18-year-old girl feels- I feel like my mom pushed my dad so hard into receiving your message that leaving would have been easer than going against her, I feel like my mom wouldn’t have given me and my sister up if she didn’t make us leave the house because we weren’t all for the grace message. If the grace message means, screwing up your life, doing whatever you want, braking up your family, talk bad about everyone who isn’t in on it, and sin all you want because your covered, then I think I’ll just stick to the plain grace that I know, without you attached to it. But hey, im just a girl in Arkansas with an opinion that is writing her mind.
I would recommend the train ride, but I would have preferred to travel from Palma to Sóller, because instead of the progressively more beautiful urban to rural to mountainous, we traveled the reverse.
Yowza. A mom fed up with her bickering daughters, age 10 and 12, ordered them out of the car in the downtown district of an upscale suburb, White Plains, New York. Then she drove off. They were three miles from home.
OK, I'm now going to write about Missouri Tigers football.
My grandmother. She died when I was about three and I have only vague memories of her. My aunt and my mother tell me that as a child, I used to like her the best and also that I used to call her ‘amma‘ (which is Malayalam for mom). I wish I could collect a few more memories of her.
My dear friend Sara and her husband Eric are expecting their third child in May. Sara and I met at West Chester University during freshman orientation and have been friends ever since! I am excited that we will be having our baby girls within months of each other. Does anybody else see BFFs in their future???
-Don't go on any boats! (trust me not a good idea)! Made that mistake when I went the Maid of the Mist boat ride in Niagara falls. Funny story actually.....my hubby asked me if I was up to going on it..&& of course I wanted too! That was one of the main attractions at the Falls. Correction-going on the water to look at the falls is the attraction! haha. I quickly agreed got in line, put the little blue rain coat over my head and waited with anticipation to get on. I climbed up the stairs and went on the top part of the boat (to make sure I saw everything)! *Bad idea #2 lool. The first few minutes weren't so bad. But after 10minutes into it & waves hitting the boat making it shake all over the place. It was all over for me. I felt horribly nauseas my face went pale. I had to lay my head on one hand as the other hand was holding on the boat. My hubby kept telling me to look at the falls. As much as I wanted to before at this point all I wanted to do is jump off the boat and swim back to land. (really, at one point I thought that). && Apparently some guy asked his girl to marry him right behind us and I didn't even notice!!
625 Hours GSM Standby
Since I’m in the song writing mood I’ve been listening to myself. What I mean by that is when I’m talking to someone I actually think about what I’m saying in case it might make some good lyrics. The other day I was talking to my friend and then in mid-conversation I said “Hey! That’d make awesome lyrics!” and starting writing it down on my phone. My friend thought I was a little weird.
This song is very special to me. I had heard this song many times before, but we listened to it on our youth group January retreat when I was a junior in high school (I think) during one of our evening services. After the message that had been shared that night, when this song came on, I just sat down and started crying. God spoke to me so clearly that night. It truly was a beautiful moment. First, my youth pastor came over and talked and prayed with me. Then his wife did and finally her sister. :) I had an awesome group of people there to support me. So I always think of that night when I hear this song.
1st layer: Keebler Club Crackers
R 2: Sl st to 2nd trc, ch 4, holding back last loop on hook, trc in each of next 4 trc, thread over and through all loops on hook (5 trc cluster made). * (Ch 8, sl st in 3rd ch from hook) 5 times. Join last picot to first picot made with sl st. Ch 5, sl st to top of cluster. Ch 5, sl st in ch 3 space, ch 5, work 5 trc cluster over center 5 trc *. Repeat from * to * around. Join last ch 5 to top of first cluster with sl st. End off.
Their extreme and often irrational views aside, the worst trait of some of these people is their stubborn refusal to change their views regardless of any evidence presented to them. I suppose they fancy themselves lone crusaders against callous, corrupt governments and evil, profiteering corporations. The pattern in the concerns they voice is constant – it’s always the conniving western powers (particularly the U.S. government) and the unscrupulous multinational corporations that are colluding to ravage the planet and make money.
I embarked on a hike with 6 locals and another tourist across a mountain. The 8 hour hike was exhausting but beautiful. We even stopped at a friend of theirs that lived in the mountain and survived solely on panning for gold. The 8 hours ended at a lovely beach where we made dinner and slept on the sand for the night. Waking up to the sound of red macaws overhead was the best wake-up call I’ll likely ever have. Too bad they move too fast for pictures!
would they do it again if they had the chance? For those of you that have, what are your thoughts?
For he was always at home with himself
The door to the study opened again, and Jasper, his eyes wet, hurried from the room. Five minutes passed before it opened again. Kathryn stood there,taking in the scene before her. She closed her eyes, lost in the sounds of pleasure and lust. She took a deep breath, and glanced at her watch. Almost midnight. In twenty minutes, it would be Valentine’s Day.
It has truly been my pleasure to have the opportunity to work with these guys this week. I look forward to learning more about their tribe and their quest for tribal preparedness.
on that too
There is a beauty to the changing of the seasons,
* I did not conduct this interview but was provided to me.
So, now I've had a morning of rest, got showered and started my laundry. I still have projects I'm working on and extra things/events I'm doing that are out of our normal life, but I know they will get done. My body just reaches a point where it needs a break from the 'to-do's and today I took care of that.
- To finish my novel in time for the RNA New Writer’s Scheme.
We have seen those rulers who transfer millions and billions from their countries to banks abroad – in Switzerland, in the US, and elsewhere. They transfer billions. This is what we are seeing in our countries, I’m sad to say. These people will get their comeuppance from Allah in this world and the Hereafter.
Chettinad cuisine is famous for their use of a variety of spices, the dishes are hot and pungent with fresh ground masalas, this chettinad style mutton kurma is also prepared with a variety of spices, this kurma goes awesome as side dish with rice also with idlies, dosais, rotis...We had this fingerlicking mutton kurma simply with fried papads for our weekend lunch and just enjoyed it. Try this super tempting kurma at home either with chicken or with mushrooms for vegetarian version,am damn sure everyone at home will definitely love this flavourful and delicious kurma for their sunday lunch..
“All I need is a driver.
I watched it... but I wasn't happy about it.
ABAP
If your parish had a full-time staff person whose only job was to answer questions about the faith from people too shy to darken the door of a church, don’t you think a little contribution towards that person’s puny salary would be in order?
I had read a lot pre-race (too much I’m sure) and had really searched for ways to make sure I could make the 20-26.2 leg. The unknown, that you’ve never done, is the hard part. There are so many stories of hitting the wall, boinking out, etc. I tried to be as mentally prepared as I could. The things that popped into my mind again and again during the race were really just 2:
I have recently got in to the habit of listening to semi commercial mash ups of popular "artists".
The full print version of The Week article is not available online, but a shorter version along with other pieces on the retirement crisis can be accessed here.
The recipes running in The Guardian over the next couple of weeks should be a wonderful way to survive the winter blues, providing comfort without resorting to classics, and introducing our palates to a gorgeous array of spices, herbs, flavours and textures. My suggestion? Make those recipes for your main course, then try this for dessert. The incredible aroma of rum and browning butter will stimulate your senses, the gently thickening custard make you calm, the oh-so-simple pastry bring a smile to your face and the first incredible mouthful warm your heart.
I’m feeling better (mood wise, still exhausted mentally) since the beginning of the post. How do you fight those rainy day blues?
10. DISCOTHEQUE MURDER
But more than our record as reformers, the reason people should believe that we are the ones to sort out the mess of our broken politics is because of who we are and what we believe.
me: AHHHHHH! What else have you been lying to me about?
~Robert X. Cringley
Faction: Originally Abnegation, chooses Dauntless
Eating fresh, unprocessed, whole foods – clean protein, vegetables, fresh fruits and whole grains in moderation. It’s the difference between:
He had just said that those who love Him will keep His words and obey them, and now He adds that those who do not love Him will not keep His words. The reason why He here insists upon this observance of His words is, that such observance is necessary, before He will manifest Himself and make His abode in any heart. For, as is clear from verse 21, Christ will manifest Himself only to those who are loved by the Father; but they alone are loved by the Father who love Christ, and they alone love Christ who keep His commandments (verse 23).
Firstly, I would like to thank everyone who has written letters and posted comments on this blog. Your support is testament to our cause and further proof that we are right and management are wrong!
The election’s first round is scheduled for 23 and 24 May, with a run-off vote for the top two candidates expected on 16 and 17 June.
Look at the fucking guest lists! There are no more animators coming down. All of them are frigging moe seiyuu and cosplayers. The concert wasn’t too bad but the only thing that has a hint of manliness is JAM project. Not to mention, not only do you have a Maid Cafe, you also have a fucking Butler cafe now. What has the world come down to? What the fuck is this shit? Why are they catering to the moe crowd now? Why the fuck are they leaning so towards cosplay? How the hell can they not bring anime insiders to educate about the process of making anime? Why are there no more panels for people to share their experience and discuss interesting anime topics?!
Happy Friday to all!
*Go with your gut, go with your gut, go with your gut. *ALSO, speaking of going with your gut......Choose you truck-vendor burrito wisely.
The Latest on Trademark Protection in China: A discussion of China's Proposed Revisions to Trademark Law, Best Practices for Managing International Trademark Portfolios, Starbucks' Trademark Protection Strategies for China-November 9, 2006 2:00pm - 3:30pm EST "Download Here"
The main new feature is probably the Unity’s new head-up display feature (HUD). The HUD is a combined search box and application launcher that provides similar functionality to GNOME Do or Spotlight on Mac OS X. When the user presses the Alt key, a search box pops up from the Unity launcher and presents different actions, based on the input. This happens as the user types.
In other words, she was saying what we've been told before. It's not just a leg thing. It's a brain thing...
Selling broker: Amy Zeeve
So once upon a time Shawn hunted his own rabbit and cooked it and ate it. This was not this time, that was before we even met each other. Now we live in the city and while I have seen the odd jack rabbit bounding through the city like it just doesn’t give a damn (remember I mentioned earlier? they are just mean) I am pretty sure we aren’t supposed to catch those, and well it’s been a while since I’ve seen one; I don’t work in the north end any more – the rabbits are just too cool for downtown I guess. So to the butcher shop it was! And for some reason, if you can believe it, rabbits are not incredibly popular here so we had to buy a frozen one because they don’t sell fresh ones. So here is our “bunny lappin”, as my Uncle Gordie would call it, let’s get going!
The end of the world is an old trope in science fiction; it was nothing new even in 1956 when John Christopher wrote his novel No Blade of Grass (called The Death of Grass in the United Kingdom.)
FEBRUARY 16, 2004
1. "Brycen don't stand on the elf."
Blur, Gorillaz and The Good The Bad and The Queen
Hoppin’ and a-boppin’ and singing his song
Hop on over to check out the lovely creations by the DT - and we got to use the new "Valentines" paper set created by Amy - and let me tell you there are some gorgeous papers in there!! And you get the chance to win the complete set - so show us your flower power creations!
Please send clear photos of your project both to s_yongabdullah@yahoo.com and cheryl131091@yahoo.com ,along with your name and blog link. Please put ''Submission: SV TCW challenge'' as subject line. Challenge starts from 05.03.2012 to 18.03.2012 and only one project per entry please.
Well, folks, it's time to take it to the couch, as the late, great Dean Martin used to say at the end of his show. Have lots to do and already scheduling my month...the Diaz Bake-o-Rama begins in two weeks...looking forward to making my bischochitos and Mexican Wedding cookies or as my grandson call them, liar cookies. Two years ago, Ian and I spent Christmas in Austin with my daughter. I made the Mexican Wedding cookies, but told my boys that in Italy they're called Liar Cookies...when asked why, I told them to eat one, then if anyone asked if they had eaten any and they denied it, the proof was on their shirts...told them to go to the bathroom and look in the mirror at their shirts...powdered sugar...they thought that was hilarious and they've called them by that name since. Have a great weekend, don't stress so much about the coming season, just enjoy....my motto, "If it don't get don't, it don't get done!" Peace out.
4. Pumpin' 4 the Man 2:17
Yesterday was a long, but productive, day as I met with almost all of my parents. I wanted to share the conference form I use that is pretty quick and easy to write.
02 Spring Heel Jack Double Edge Dub (5:37)
Last Thursday was about the busiest day I’ve had in awhile. I had to get my capstone approved by the journalism department, and had a little bit of work to do for the ACLU. Then, it was off to ballet at 6, and then a hip hop gathering at 10. I was exhausted from standing on my feet practically all day.
Immediately before the spill, BP executives arrived at the rig to oversee the completion of drilling by Transocean and the plugging of the well by Transocean‘s contractor, Halliburton. At a management safety meeting held on the rig, Transocean managers proposed to insert three concrete plugs into the well and keep down the massive pressure by using heavy drilling fluid called mud. According to Williams, the BP manager responded, "Well, my process is different, and I think we‘re going to do it this way".[3] [4] What BP management wanted was to begin removing the mud before the last plug was set, and so speed up the operation to save money. Of course BP got their way, and what resulted was a massive blast of methane gas that set off the entire disaster.
You can click on the cover picture in the sidebar to view the entire flyer, but I wanted to give you a few highlights. These really are outstanding offers!
Somewhere in blog oblivion!
2. Ask for a Signing Bonus
After our eventful weekend, it's been nice to just be home a while. It's amazing to me that the sleepless night and damp tent and the gnats and whatever bit me that left that hole in my elbow are all just glossed over now that I am home and all I see inside my head is the sun-dappled trail, the clear stream and that treehouse...wow.
Death notices
Thank you for your amazing taste to have me for a speaker tonight. I am aware that you all know that I have received many awards for my research on evolution. Yes it is true I am proud that a smelly disgusting sex-crazed ape was my great-great-many times great- grand-daddy. In fact on my last visit to the Congo I took pictures of me and the apes. I felt like I had come home.
Cliffhanger: The Tendo family discovers that Ranma is actually a male who can turn into a girl!
Bird, “I only went to a male therapist once, and I didn’t like it at all. Even though I resist therapy in general, the few time I knew I needed help, I went to women. I wouldn’t want to discuss something this personal with a guy…my own little two cents. You are very in-tune with what you need…you will make the right decision for yourself!”
43. Take The Long Way Tonight
So a couple weeks ago we started with this:
You feel alone, worn out, emotionally drained, weak and wanting some guidance.
Somewhere near someplace in the year 2075 AD…..
you cannot change what you refuse to confront
Both happy and sad.
Our goals are simple: to take advantage of the opportunities ahead of this year, and to do everything in our power as responsible urban beekeepers to be publicly accessible educators, mentors, and ambassadors for the honeybee! So here are our Core Values and Rules for participation: “As a member of Plan Bee Swarm Catchers Group, you are offering a community service to the Calgary community of beekeepers. It is important that you understand that as a swarm catcher, you are a representative to the public on behalf of all other beekeepers in Calgary, and therefore you must be respectful, answer questions, and offer a positive attitude toward beekeeping. Also as member of Plan Bee, you cannot sell the bees to the new beekeepers. You must either give them away or you can trade-in-kind with the recipient. All participants in the Plan Bee Group revoke all liability to The Community Hive and its members in the access to the swarm information and any participants of mentorship and or the equipment shared (ex. Ladders, boxes, vehicles etc.).
This is the room-- see the three places the exact same toile was used? This kind of pattern matching was common in Paris, and it somehow manages not to look like a Bed-in-a-Bag.
With an introduction by Scott himself, this lavish book will be the only publication to accompany Prometheus. Stunning production art and behind the scenes photos will grant the reader a window on the process of creating this astounding new epic.
After that it was lunch in the craft centre.......
from this.. to this.. I've spent most of my day decamped at my local while the internet connection at home refuses to cooperate. after lots of satisfying keyboard tapping, productive activity and coke and peanut consuming i'm now feeling a little brain frazzled. but in a good way. have also been getting my head down with working on an exciting project which for now will remain under wraps but hopefully after more ground work has been put in I can tell you guys about it.
Me and Jess the first night just chilling out
For several years I was being picked on and beat up now, without fighting back. It was 5th grade and I think I just finally had enough. I decided the next time the bullying started, I would have to fight back instead of just letting someone beat the piss out of me.
Free items change daily, so be sure to check back frequently for updates.
As sensation slowly returned to his body he came to the realization that he was in bed naked, not his usual way of sleeping but given the degree of his current discomfort it was not a big issue at that moment. With his increasing awareness, there was a nagging feeling that something was just not quite right but he just did not yet have the mental capacity to discover the issue.As best he could, he began taking stock of his surroundings in his one room bungalow.
If we do not end war - war will end us. Everybody says that, millions of people believe it, and nobody does anything. ~H.G. Wells, Things to Come (the "film story"), Part III, adapted from his 1933 novel The Shape of Things to Come, spoken by the character John Cabal (Thanks Bill!)
Some got in for a day, others for a week while some only got to be a part of it for recess!
All that being said, I am not the kind of person to endure misery for long. In fact, I have rededicated this blog — formerly “Queen Samantha’s Weblog” (feel free to peruse my older posts, written in a previous, happier life) – to document and celebrate my journey out of existential crisis. This is what you can expect: for context, the next few posts will recount my fall into the depths of existential despair and my current work/life imbalance. After that, it will all be about navigating the waters and finding a way back to shore. I also intend, at some point, to post weekly profiles of successful career transitioners (suggestions welcome — remember, free press is never a bad thing, even if only on my dinky blog).
Register for the 7th Association for Southeast Asian Cinemas Conference (19-22 June 2012) to be held at the National Museum of Singapore. Registration is free, space allowing, courtesy of the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) Centre for Liberal Arts and Social Sciences.
- 1 large piece of Fresh Salmon (deboned)
I posted on this blog on the wrong dates over the weekend. It was probably only me that noticed, however back to posting every other day from now on. On an unrelated note my mind is now wandering to Post Broadside ideas and thinking about what of the many projects I should tackle next as I can at last see the end of the tunnel with regard to this project.
These were just a few thoughts that you might want to consider forming yourself with to start building your identity. I encourage you to be a true warrior of righteousness. Build your own self to be the best for two purposes: Taking care of your family, and forming others to be just like you; a powerful warrior of righteousness. Wouldn’t a world be a better place? Start forming yourself today and find out that you can do things you never thought you could have.
white finger, sluice-gated
Not on your nelly! That was probably the highlight of the whole thing.
The table in the foyer was littered with name cards of people who booked the event but failed to attend, so shame on you (yes you) for preventing another bright mind from attending, K cafes need commitment not ‘oh well I might come along’.
As I walked around, I was struck by the endless barrage of words.
Ultimately, what does my gut tell me?
What I am getting at is that great subtle films always have this multiple layers in which you can enjoy with its surface value or dig through deeper to find new introspective perspectives. It also conveys feeling masterfully in a not oppressive way.
Indeed, those who choose the path of victimhood n' bitterness wouldn't have any idea what I mean when I say we should be grateful to God no matter how much pain we may endure.
To start off the week, I met an acquaintance outside Starbucks and she was wearing PURPLE – well it was more like lilac and so I snapped her. I have cropped this photo to show the ripples of the fabric and to bring out the delicate diagonal pattern.
Once you get to know me and my writing you will discover that I am a little crazy ……heck make that a lot crazy as Amy Mah the vampire character is me!
The concert hall at the Syndey Opera House holds 2,700 people. This blog was viewed about 16,000 times in 2011. If it were a concert at Sydney Opera House, it would take about 6 sold-out performances for that many people to see it.
What I love about these is that they’re straight from the kitchen with no chemicals; I’m not anti-chemical as such, but I am very wary of what goes into and onto Jacob’s little body. However, as well as being a nature-lovin’ mama, I’m a lazy mama, and these remedies have the benefit of being quick and convenient too.
Anyone up for a tennis match this next week? ;)
p14 “In the capital of the Chinese sovereign, the gnomon must cast no shadow at noon on the day of the summer solstice. Such a capital is, in effect, at the center of the universe…”
As the heading says, I have indeed finished Nier… once, anyway. I’m going to hold off on doing a “review” as such for the moment, however, for several reasons. Firstly, a full understanding of the game is only attained following several playthroughs. And secondly, Nier is a fine example of how the “reviewing” system we use most of the time is, at times, flawed.
Last night, before going to bed, I opened the drawer to my bed stand again. And then, I started to cry. My husband was more than a little mystified by this behavior. "It will turn up," he said. I cried harder. He made a show of looking for the journal, getting down on his knees and peeking under the bed. "I need to get over this," I said. And I do. It's just that, I've been keeping that journal to remember the things about my son that I'm certain I'll forget. I've been keeping that journal as a kind of portable memory. I've been keeping that journal as a safety-net. I know it's morbid, but I've always thought that if I died young, my son would have a record that I loved him. Proof, in my own hand, that I cared enough to chronicle his life.
Last week's checkup marked a month since he has blood or vitals measured. The nurse noted the measurements for weight/height/blood pressure etc. on her clipboard and proceeded to the routine blood and spinal tap stuff (which is always pleasant to watch).
At left, Miracle Hill Ministries thrift store in west Greenville, SC. On the dressing room walls, they have Bible verses from Romans, so you can be spiritually edified while you shop.
Those who do not seek the jobs will split back pay that would have gone to the 111 had they been hired years ago.
Deryn Mentock: How could I possible choose just one?! I'm an avid reader and have quite a collection of art books, new and old. I thumb through them when I need inspiration or just when I want to connect with other artists.
Gabrielle-Émilie Le Tonnelier de Breteuil led a privileged life. Her father was an official in the court of Louis XIV at Versailles. At the time of Émilie’s birth, he held the position of Introducer of Ambassadors at court. This put him in the midst of all of the important social happenings of the time in France. Her mother Gabrielle Anne de Froulay was brought up in a convent and well educated for a woman of that time. The family owned a home in Paris and an estate in Touraine.
This card was created for DYSU - Mustard/Mauve/Pink and Sassy Cheryl's coloring challenge this week. Isn't this image just the cutest? She also has a little boy version of this image as well. If you haven't had a chance to stop by, please do. Cheryl's images are without a doubt the CUTEST on the web! :)
Yes, there are perks to having a mom who owns a toy store. But we have been trying to spread the cheer outside the family too. A man came in with his son a week ago and picked out a few little things. Then his gaze fell on a Lily doll and his eyes lit up. It would be so perfect for his daughter! When he saw the price tag ($49.99) his face fell. But I watched his hands (they looked like a mechanic's hands) and he just couldn't put the doll's box back on the shelf.
CH: I'm going to tell you a story. I was into rock-and-roll; I had long hair and played the drums. I hated tango, I didn't like it one bit, I couldn't even listen to it. But when I went to take a class with Ricardo Barrios and Victoria Vieyra, I embraced my dance partner for the first time and I got goose bumps. I said, "there's something going on here..." and I never stopped. That magical moment was my beginning. On the other hand, a few years ago I went to the "La Trastienda" milonga organized by Horacio Godoy. I walked in and I saw you. I wanted to dance with you but second-guessed myself. I went back and forth until I asked you. I remember we were talking, then we embraced each other and in that moment I felt 40 years of tango. In the embrace, do you understand? We hadn't taken a single step! It was simply from the way in which you held me. For me that was the most powerful moment of the tanda. Then we danced for a long time. It was great, we did all sort of things, I enjoyed myself. But the moment of that embrace, like the one of my first class and some others, have marked me in regards to my relationship with the dance. I'm talking about the intimacy of the embrace. With very few people have I been able to feel the same way, much has been lost.
Many years ago after the post war election that brought in the Labour Government in England, a new Labour MP was in a bar at the house of Commons with Nye Bevan, a very experienced Labour MP and Minister. The newbie noticed that several Labour Members were drinking with several Tories and both were having a good time. Shocked, he said “The’re fraternizing with the enemy!”. Bevan smiled and said, ‘The’re not the enemy. The’re the Opposition. You sit next to the enemy.”
In a universe that goes on for ever.
Oh dude I got some BAD news. Im NOT happy about this AT all. I do love my bloggy girls and it’s a great part of my world to get your advice and read your blogs. I get to work everyday and can’t wait to see what’s going on with your lives! ….Ready?... The IT department has fire walled your websites. …..long silence……..Meh………Sh….@$*. I cant even post from work. ……long silence…….SO …Im not going to be able to visit as much as you deserve. I’m……sorry. Now I can’t take credit here.
As a protester in support of Occupy Wall Street, I only speak for myself. I say the bail-outs were the most socialist thing this country has ever done,
Oh, and by the way, the 9 people who clicked are no more likely to buy your product than the 9,991 people who didn't.
Are these questions too tough?
So my monkey and I flew into Cincy a little over a month ago for a wedding I was in and we've been staying with my parents. I love visiting here wth my family and friends...I really do but ohmygosh do I miss my husband! and Tay misses her daddy. Its hard being away from him when he's at home and not deployed. We definetly didn't have extra cash to blow on commercial plane tickets so Tay and I flew military here. They arn't the most comfortable planes but they're FREE! Sometimes its just hard to make it on them because I'm a low priority traveler. We're trying to get back to Hawaii as soon as possible so when a flight is leaving the base nearby here and heading to where I need to go I hope I'll be on it! I miss my life back home. I have made some amazingly aweswome friends and its beginning to grate on my nerves not being able to spend time with them.
1. What Sparked your interest in Makeup and what made you decide to start blogging?
6. Eloise (Hang On In There)
04-20-2006
Meanwhile Mugabe’s government, in line with long-established practice, is leveling accusations in several directions.
Chow agreed that the future of the industry revolved around hybrid wide receiver-stat keepers capable of calculating their own yards after catch while coming down with the ball, but cautioned that Penkala “is just a dumb hick.”
I will wait more (will you wait more)
cohorts). From 1998-2002, he served as a senior principal of Marsh &
These are all very nice photos, each a little work of art of its own, although the photos are doubly exciting in that not only do they show us a beautiful picture, but they also allow us to vicariously browse the shelves of the writers featured, reading the spines and seeing what they have, and in what editions, and so on.
And, look at what the people in this verse are worried about, “all the things they have to do, and all the things they want to get.” How applicable is that in today’s world? We’ve created it … we’ve built so much in our society to perpetuate this constant need for things … clothing styles change every season, and every day this week I’ve gotten a new catalog in the mail with the latest furniture for my garden. Furniture for my garden? Really?
It seems quite logical that if one gets his life right with the Lord, his life here on earth will also be right. The apostle Paul was in a position to give the right advice to those in charge of the ship for he was walking in the Holy Spirit and not in the flesh. He had divine insight, which far surpasses human discernment.
My book was sent on it’s way and I only saw photos via our round robin blog www.fbrr.blogspot.com as the other members created their Travelers themed fabric pages to add and I created pages for their books. After a year, my book returned to me. It is truly one of my most cherished collaborative projects.
The psychiatrist can go into madness very easily-just a slight push,some accidental thing,and he can move into the condemned territory.
We love discoveries of forts and towns and baths, and we're lot less impressed by a nice British round house. Yet perhaps 97% of our ancestors would have been living in those roundhouses, many of them turning up their noses at Roman culture beyond the odd bit of bracelet or pottery.
- Andrew R.
In Solomon’s view, that doesn’t make it right — or legal. It’s more a measure of how complicated the housing bust has grown.
“Well, look at the hole in this roof. I can see the dining room, and everyone is eating. Let’s try to get their attention.”
You can ignore it if you try
The two mortar shells fired Sunday morning from the Gaza Strip at the Eshkol Regional Council contained while phosphorous, an examination revealed. The shells landed in an open field and caused no injuries or damage.
- Bicycles (30)
Tartarus left on Thursday evening for his next six week stint aboard the ship in The Bahamas. It's a hard life he leads, don't you think?
19. Rent a movie
feel the same pull,
pravis’anti mukhE mRgAh.
However any political fallout appeared to be limited because protesters were at least partly to blame for the violence, which resulted in hundreds of arrests.
