Sometimes a little cry is good. It makes everything more pure. Clear.
My scrip of joy, immortal diet,
2 East Main # B2
They eventually catch up with it, and – full of insecurity based bravado like these kids usually are – kill it for sport. Triumphantly they take it back to their council estate (or ‘The Block’) where they keep it in the secure ‘Weed Room’ at the top of the building.
The non-drinking thing bothers me, though. Due to my recovery work, which is due to my alcoholism, I know Who I Am. Due to my recovery from alcoholism, I was (and am) able to help others with their drinking and drug problems. Without alcohol, I wonder what my new medicine would be to self-discovery and altruistic helper. (I know, Robert, that you won’t suggest religion, self-help books, or Dr. Phil.)
Then he runs into trouble. And that's the meaty dilemma at the heart of the story.
My Moo order arrived this week, happy sigh, I do love it when stuff comes from Moo, the packaging is lovely and its so nice to see designs Ive done on the computer as "real" objects, stickers, business cards etc. And for anyone who has not seen them yet, there are new types of stickers. in different shapes. (Obsessed ? Who me ? Its Stationery, and personalised, of course Im obsessed.)
The target can elect to tear free in order to avoid being stuck or dragged along in the event the nail is in a movable object such as a wagon or barrel. Doing so damages the target's shadow and prevents natural healing (magical healing still works) until either Remove Curse is cast on the victim or a Mending spell is cast on the shadow of the victim.
Stage 11 in Added Collect all 105 assistant coins.
2) Sometimes, I feel “destined” to be overweight.
I enjoy going home, but I'm not fond of long car rides. I decided that I needed a little treat during these treks, which led to the birth of scone and cappuccino car rides. At the beginning of each trip, I treat myself to a warm, tall jolt of caffeine to keep me awake and a scone because I love them and need something to go with the cappuccino.
Autopsy results on Ghanem's corpse showed no signs of violence, police spokesman Roman Hahslinger said Monday. The body was found in a section of the Danube that runs through Vienna close to where he had a residence.
Addie has a brilliant idea. She doesn't want to shut your blog down, rather keep it open and post on it when you two have something you want to share. Halloween and Thanksgiving, Christmas, Addie's birthday - there are lots of things coming up. Thing to share. When you want to. I think it is brilliant.
I am waiting.
right around the corner from the Moulin Rouge.
Hope everyone had a merry Christmas and here’s to a blessed new year!
The ocean waves sweep even doves
And one day, she just began moving. I can’t remember the date exactly, but it was seemingly overnight that our baby turned mobile. One day, I left the living room to let the dogs out of the back door. She was playing in her little corner when I left, and when I came back moments later, I found her on the opposite end of the room. And I haven’t left her alone in our not-really-babyproofed house since.
The event will include discussions about the park, Whitman's connection to it, its role in the American Revolution and Civil War, and the Wallabout Martyrs monument. Weather permitting, the event will conclude with a walk up Myrtle Avenue to 99 Ryerson Ave., the last existing building in Brooklyn that was a residence of Walt Whitman's.
I follow on GFC
Melissa Crandall, whose short story collection Darling Wendy was reviewed for our debut issue, sent me a copy of her first non-series novel, Weathercock, a fantasy set in an alternative-reality medieval world where gender roles are directly inverse to traditional gender roles in the majority of known human societies. In other words, men's lot in life was rather bitter.
We are beginning to sound as fanatical about the Ingalls family as Wendy McClure, the author of The Wilder Life: My Adventures in the Lost World of Little House on the Prairie. This is a delightful, although somewhat embarrassing, account of a grown woman’s attempts to reread, remake, and revisit everything Little House on the Prairie. Since reading it and the Little House books, I have resolved to visit the Laura Ingalls Wilder Historic Home and Museum in Mansfield, Missouri, the next time I visit my dad, who lives in Missouri.
The commercial message is so app peeling.
It was with this in mind that I thought about Recai. What makes a good man? What makes a good Muslim? And in a society in which religion is such a prominent part of day-to-day life, what would be the shape of evil?
Little Bird Photography
system therefore, no need to dig up your entire yard. The old line
"In early October the Soviet-Fapla offensive was smashed at the Lomba River near Mavinga. It turned into a headlong retreat over the 120 miles back to the primary launching point at Cuito Cuanavale. In some of the bloodiest battles of the entire civil war, a combined force of some 8,000 Unita fighters and 4,000 SADF troops destroyed one Fapla brigade and mauled several others out of a total Fapla force of some 18,000 engaged in the three-pronged offensive. Estimates of Fapla losses ranged upward of 4,000 killed and wounded. This offensive had been a Soviet conception from start to finish. Senior Soviet officers played a central role in its execution. Over a thousand Soviet advisers were assigned to Angola in 1987 to help with Moscow's largest logistical effort to date in Angola: roughly $1.5 billion in military hardware was delivered that year. Huge quantities of Soviet equipment were destroyed or fell into Unita and SADF hands when Fapla broke into a disorganized retreat... The 1987 military campaign represented a stunning humiliation for the Soviet Union, its arms and its strategy. It would take Fapla a year, or maybe two, to recover and regroup. Moreover the Angolan military disaster threatened to go from bad to worse. As of mid-November, the Unita/SADF force had destroyed the Cuito Cuanavale airfield and pinned down thousands of Fapla's best remaining units clinging onto the town's defensive perimeters."
Maybe Kunda Guruji and others are right. Maybe I do have bhakti!
Fear is learned. Babies don’t come out with an innate fear of spiders. The nigh universal fear was acquired from parents, the media, or, rarely, a bad experience with a spider. Most people have never seen a spider bite them, but many people will claim to have had a spider bite them in spite of that. ”There were two little fang marks!” they say, blissfully unaware that a slew of insects can cause such marks.
Another tradition we have is doing a silhouette of every Kindergartener and then again as a Sr.,
without a life
I get tired just typing it.
Me: Okay...
We’ve got plenty! One of the many projects on our “before graduation” list is a new deck and patio. We are well on our way and have a plan to get it done in plenty of time. Let’s just hope it isn’t the old “best laid plans.” The retaining wall was built over spring break. Now we are on to the deck. Hubby has been digging holes. Every night after work he comes home and digs, and digs, and digs.
What the hell is that? I have to support myself through everything. EVERYTHING. Including debt, medical bills, grocery shopping, make-up needs, DVD additions, car maintenance and the occasional need for travel money. Everything is on my dime now.
We were so tired after we left Tristan that we went home and had a movie day. It was a cold, dreary, rainy Christmas Day which was perfect for snuggling on the couch together.
$447 Billion: Price Tag Of Obama's Second Stimulus. (The White House, 9/8/11)
There are a few benches scattered about, most of which will be pushed to the side to create a dance floor of sorts in the middle of the open room.
The lounge features a flight of six different Belgium beers from the U.S and beyond as well as great food to match. Limited seating will be available.
Total silence, windows and lives illuminated by warm glowing, non energy saving bulbs.
Post-humanistic literary or filmic representations that turn on epiphanies of disability as human variation imagined through alternative ancestries with other species -- the ironies of adaptation. One-page abstracts. by 15 March 2011; David Mitchell (dmitchel@gmail.com).
This is a bit of a cheat as it is a reissue, but it also wins by default as it is the only single author collection I read this year despite Kim Stanley Robinson, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Mary Robinette Kowal, and Ken Scholes collections all hanging about. That is not to discount Stories of Your Life and Others as it is now possibly my favorite collection of one author's work and ranks with Neil Gaiman's Smoke and Mirrors as a collection I'll turn back to many times over the years. Chiang will awe you.
I say this not because I would teach that worldly rulers ought not be Christians, or that a Christian cannot bear the sword and serve God in temporal government. Would God they were all Christians, or that no one could be a prince unless he were a Christian! Things would be better than they now are and the Turk would not be so powerful. But what I would do is keep the callings and offices distinct and apart, so that everyone can see to what he is called, and fulfill the duties of his office faithfully and with the heart, in the service of God. Of this I have written more than enough elsewhere, especially in the books On Soldiers and On Temporal Government. For Paul will not suffer it that in the Church, where all should be Christians, one assume another’s office ( Romans 12:4 and Corinthians 12:15), but exhorts every member to his own work, so that no disorder arise, but everything be done in an orderly way. How much less, then, is the disorder to be tolerated that arises when a Christian leaves his office and takes upon him a temporal office, or when a bishop or pastor leaves his office and takes upon him the office of a prince or judge; or, on the other hand, when a prince takes up the office of a bishop and lets his princely office go? Even today this shameful disorder rages and rules in the whole papacy, contrary to their own canons and laws.
Dominating the entire debate about the future of global manufacturing is China. In 2010 China took over as the world’s biggest manufacturing country by output. Looked at from a long enough perspective, this was history repeating itself. In 1800 China had held the same position. But then the country suffered close to 200 years of decline.
Oh, was that an obvious, easy, and incredibly lame attempt at humor? Well, imagine that for 105 minutes and you’ve got WILD WILD WEST, a film with lots of talent and not much to admire. Here’s what I like: Kevin Kline as President Grant. Here’s what I don’t like: almost everything else.
My neighbor’s name is Joe. He waters his lawn twice each day. Once at 8:00 am in his dirty blue robe and some form of flower decked boxers. Then, he goes out again at 3:00 pm, but now in tan khaki shorts and a button up shirt. Usually, something designed with the tropics or surfing in mind. He has a wife, Jillian. She has short blonde hair, is usually wearing lipstick, and always has fake nails. When the nails start to come off, she lets them fall off one by one. I had fake nails put on once when my school counselor in high school suggested to my parents that I go to a school dance. My hands were useless while I had them on, so maybe that is why Jillian never seems to do anything. She likes to sit in a white lawn chair and watch people. Sometimes she watches her husband water their lawn, other times she watches Pedro from across the street water his lawn. He always does this shirtless and has an almost constipated look on his face. I think he owns a pool boy company that specializes in helping house wives feel young again. I don’t know what Joe does for a living. Neither he nor his wife seem to go anywhere beyond their front lawn.
In the spot, Ray holds an iced coffee while standing in front of trees with pink blossoms.
And just for extries: "You didn't think we give pretty women tickets? You're right. We don't. Sign here."
4 sought
Our family.
And the 2008 X Factor winner wore the “Defoe” shirt for a volleyball game in the Caribbean earlier this month.
Through the use of Maya, and Mudbox, I would like to make a short experimental film exploring the themes described above. This film will be a satire about how humanity is becoming a commodity.
As for the food, well, I reached a sort of an epiphany. Not because of the food, but because of the man. I've tried, and think I have largely succeeded, in being constructive on this blog. Except where those have billed themselves as something they're not, I've gone fairly easy. And most of those are brewers, especially those who brew something ridiculous or make claims like being a craft brewer when they are clearly not. And even those guys won't see so much as a blip because of something I've written. Nobody reads this and nothing results from it. It truly is more of a journal, intended to suffice where my memory cannot, I've just left it public.
I have been reading everyone's Thanksgiving posts and was just thinking about last Thanksgiving when I was 6 weeks post op and just learning my band. I had just had my first fill but still did not have very good restriction so I was able to eat just about anything I wanted. That was great because I have only told 1 member of my extended family.
Again if I would have thought more about it I would have realized sooner. She hates me brushing her hair or even putting it up in a pony. I thought she was just being overly sensitive. She can't stand the sound of a public toilet flushing, even now she puts her hands over her ears.
Some things I noticed from reading my drafts has been the common thread of dark themes. I consciously know that, for myself, I do not want to be marginalized with writing something fluffy and light. Oh sure, I do like reading the occasional chick lit book; but for me to write a story in that genre? I can't see myself doing it without laughing at myself. Plus, I feel like the "plight of the woman" is all too overplayed these days.
Thousands of remains of uncertain affiliation have been turned over to tribes by institutions nationwide, including Michigan State, Stanford and Yale universities; Minnesota’s public university system; the American Museum of Natural History in New York; and the Field Museum in Chicago, the caucus said in a Feb. 15 letter to Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman.
~You will receive a fabulous package at the beginning of your term featuring our adorable character stamps, sentiments, and all sorts of goodies from the Inky Impressions store!
"I still believe in unschooling as the best learning strategy for my kids. Inspite of our compromised income, our stressed relationship, it was worth it."
P.P.S. This is evidence I need the gym:
FG 1.014
Yet there's that upturned chin
But beyond "liking" these customs, we could go further to say that, because these customs have sprung up organically out of these religious communities, there is a certain naturalness to them from a cultural standpoint. It is natural for a black Protestant congregation in rural Mississippi to sing Negro Spirituals just as it is natural for Muslims to pray in Arabic or Catholics to genuflect. Because these customs are natural to these traditions, they form a positive link between the believer and those who have come before him; they serve to build a bond rooting that person to his tradition, edifying him within the context of that tradition. They keep the tradition alive. Thus, on a strictly natural level, we can rightly say that a custom has a true vitality within its own religious setting.
This is a problem that climate scientists face all the time. Every time they revise something or hedge their statements with probabilities, or admit there are competing theories, those with a vested interest in playing down climate change wade in and give it to them with all guns blazing. And it wouldn't surprise me if this happens again with the recent announcement that they've changed their mind about what was the warmest year on record. 'If they can't even decide this,' the professional sceptics will crow, 'how can they possibly say what the climate will be like in 50 years time?'
The girls then blew their trumpets (flutes) according to the different sounds associated with the Feast of Trumpet's service (Tekiah, Shevarim, Teruah, and Tekia Gedolah). Some sounds are short and stacatto blows, others are wave like, or long and unbroken. Each trump sound represents an aspect of our relationship to God and His call to mankind.
But a court heard the liquid sprayed on the 13-year-old in Penistone Road, Huddersfield, was actually bleach.
Now let's see what the "Crazies have come up with this week.......
First I was waiting until I had time to do a big long birthday post for The Bug, but you know what? I did the same thing last year. I *will* write that, but there has been a lot more going on since the beginning of the month.
1 often
Today, though, we have company coming. Plans for today include moving the firepit from the upper yard to what used to be our goat field. We can’t leave it where it is because errant sparks could damage the new greenhouse before I ever get to use it.
Calvin Coolidge - the first Prez to throw out a first pitch in the World Series +2 pts
Your penis feels like a tampon.
THERE is the REAL scandal, because it impacts the life of the Church, the body of Christ on earth.
And then there is the ever popular, "if a breeder is testing at such a young age, they must have something to be afraid of!" Really??? Isn't the entire point of health testing what we produce (and their parents) is to make sure that we are doing everything we can to make sure those animals are as healthy as possible and to make sure that our puppy buyers know what they can/can't expect? This seems to be a bashing point done by those that don't do ---for example---eye CERFS on young puppies in a breed where CERFing at a young age isn't the "norm".
*Began having interest in basketball, soccer, baseball and golf
“In fact, each time you’re in here, it’s concerning some problem that most people can’t explain. For example, three years ago, a motion sensor went off in your school after hours. Security cameras caught movement, a person dressed all in black. This person was about your height at the time, about your build. This person stole hundreds of dollars worth of chemicals from the labs. Chemicals we know you were researching. Chemicals that can be used to make a rather potent explosive.”
These highly inflammatory and bigoted comments by a well known sports personality surely have no place in the modern world of snooker. Would it be asking too much to demand World Snooker show the world that it does not tolerate this type of behaviour from its players by imposing penalties on transgressors that actually have a deterrent effect otherwise why impose them in the first place?
sniff.
Gotham Chamber Opera
May 14 Alburquerque, New Mexico - Dad's House w/ Story Ark
Lifting: light total body day
THE KEY TO EDEN is the story of the fall of heaven and mankind. Sprinkle in some vampires, mutant vampires, and even a demon or two, and you’ve got a recipe for the end of days. The comparable books that come to mind are THE STRAIN TRILOGY by Chuck Hogan, and Guillermo Del Toro. THE STRAIN TRILOGY also has vampires and the end of days. Let’s take a look at the numbers.
People clapping and cheering
Ora vi saluto e vi auguro un fantastico fine settimana.... il mio lo sarà di sicuro!!!!!
Today, the Flower Soft team is sharing their designs made with the newest paper-crafting kit, Die Cut Dimensions Butterflies. These color-printed toppers and coordinating accents are perforated, so you just punch them out and they're ready to use! Couldn't get any easier than that!
(I know; I know, several people have told me I was on a fool's errand, and if were stupid enough to accept this task then I deserved the consequences.)
Please roll over the top photo for a color vs. black and white version. :-)
so I decided a weekend of rest and relaxation was in store.
You know sometimes, when you go traveling and you hear all these different languages which kinda sound cool? It happens to me in my school sometimes.
And then darling tell me when
Bubbling kisses so tender,
I feel your pain.
It's very difficult to fit all the wonderful things to see and do in Pennsylvania all into one project. I tried to highlight some of the things I've done just recently. The countryside is starting to change colors (unfortunately) to it's beautiful golds, reds and oranges and with it will come cooler weather. That means sled riding, skiing and snowball battles are fast approaching.
We only changed to size 2 after he started pulling and jerking the bottle teat sideways to facilitate faster milk flow and appearing frustrated at 10 weeks.
Standing right outside my window, he was downright frightening.
This fast rocker gets started with a quick "rat-tat-tat" from the drums. A thumping bass line and restrained commentary from lead guitar lead into the vocals. Ringo's vocal range is limited (to say the least) but "Boys" is well suited to it. Each line in the verse is punctuated not only by Paul's bass but by the backing vocals chiming in with welcome "bop-shoo-op"s in a classic rock'n'roll style.
What is mirin?
With a new month it is time for another new Mr linky to go up and time for the
Beef stock- 500 ml
We’ve received tremendous support on this trip. Some of what was behind those tears to the finish was the generosity and devotion that many have shown us. Everyone who arranged events, offered us your hospitality, shared your stories, taught myself and many others, wrote us comments of encouragement, donated, cycled, fundraised, sported a Km4C shirt, and contributed to this campaign in your own unique way, you all have touched me. Generosity, creativity, courage and charisma exist in all of you. If such a large number of people, across such a large country, can possess these traits, I have faith that the quality of life for Canadians who are differently abled will improve.
What did I say?
But once more, A-Rod felt far short of the Yankees' "Captain Clutch," Derek Jeter. Almost half of the 48 pictures in the Daily News slide show were of Jeter's girlfriends. There was Minka Kelly (who starred in Friday Night Lights), Victoria's Secret model Adriana Lima, model and talk-show hostess Tyra Banks, model Vida Guerra (two-time winner of FHM magazine's "Best Butt Award"), MTV hostess Vanessa Minnillo (now married to Jessica Simpson's ex, Nick Lachey), singer Mariah Carey, Penthouse model and porn star (Derek, I'm shocked!) Cassia Riley, and several movie stars -- including Jessica Alba, Jessica Biel, Scarlett Johansson, and Gabrielle Union (who is now dating NBA superstar Dwayne Wade).
"Having written all of these ponderous words, Princess Haiku realized that the moon was full and that it was time for her to collect fallen magnolia blossoms and to make a wreath for her new ghost whippet, Nimble of Thrace. And then she disappeared.”
When Obama first proposed the Buffett Rule last year, I made a post called Voluntary Tax Rates and Personalized Earmarks: How to Solve the Debate over Taxes as the true version of the Buffett Rule. Because, you see, Buffett originally didn’t call for a higher tax rate on the wealthy in general; instead he said that he himself wanted to pay more taxes. Sure, he was just using himself as a personal example, but I thought: Hey, he could be on to something here. Why don’t we all decide at what rate we individually pay taxes? That‘s the Buffett Rule: You want to pay more taxes? Fine — pay ‘em. And if you don’t want to pay more, or even want to pay less — well, we have an option for that too.
After Charlie’s death, the group begins a mad dash to figure out how to deal with the situation. Some want to go to the cops. But that will most surely ruin their lives. The colleges they got into, their standing in the community. All of that will go up in smoke. So they begin to concoct a plan B. Problem is, the longer the decision-making goes, the less they begin to trust each other, and the more drastic the actions they take.
C is also doing well. She seems to be adjusting to junior high well and is back in the swing of things with her activities. She should be getting her instrument soon for her band class and she has been leaning towards playing the flute. :) She is having some trouble in math and I am having a hard time explaining things to her because they learn things in such a different way than I did. How do you explain something when you just know how to do it?
Actually, for the first time in a bit, I'm happy Monday is here. Why? Because I had a lovely London weekend, starting with a walk through Hyde Park and a concert at Wigmore Hall on Saturday, and ending with a stroll down the South Bank and through the Tate Modern yesterday.
Martian Hop....Randells
Happy Friday! I have had a crazy week. I was in Houston for three days, came home, had 10 women at my house, then Thursday was our anniversary. I'm pooped!! Jump on over to Mama Ms blog, and join the fun!!
I can never replace,
It was something for them to save
I went out with my co-worker/boss/friend from work last night and we got our nails done. She had received a gift card to a day spa as Christmas gift so she said it was her treat. As I was driving home, I was thinking I really didn’t want to go home, that maybe I would take myself out to dinner, but I decided to go home.
While fire and flood insurance businesses generally flourished from the start, life insurance faced a significant challenge that kept it from gaining momentum for decades. This challenge came in the form of religious leaders who termed it “wicked” and likened purchasing life insurance to gambling — and “betting against God.” The connection between gambling and life insurance meant the concept offended numerous denominations, and they were unified in their opposition. Their views were often supported and promoted by the savings bank industry, which viewed life insurance as potential competition.
This week I’m focused on things I learned through taking a Wilderness and Remote Area First Aid certification class. Why?
The past week Martin has been back to England and had one good 13 hour night’s sleep. But mostly he has been catnapping. Two hours here and there. Three or four hours in the night. His clock is completely off. He didn’t sleep well while he was here either and blamed the blow up mattress where he was sleeping. When I suggested he move to the couch he actually got a full 8 hours that night. So my worry represents two weeks of poor sleep, driving hours at a time, pushing, pushing, pushing. It’s sweet that he wants to talk to me when he can but after sleeping for only two hours and having his phone at his side and logged into Skype doesn’t seem to me the best way to focus (or should I say de-focus) the mind for sleep. Having little sleep and texting while driving doesn’t either.
When Mists of Pandaria was first announced during last year’s Blizzcon, my heart sank. I just didn’t understand it. What are they doing to my beloved game? How am I supposed to take Pandas seriously? Months later, my thoughts towards this expansion haven’t necessarily been changed but they have resigned themselves into complete acceptance. It is what it is. It’s old news now. The shock has worn off and I’m over it. Luckily I acclimated just in time to be able to look forward to the beta with a bit of excitement. This weekend I finally got to dip my toes into MoP and I gotta tell you… my first impressions were very good. I really don’t know what I was so upset about to begin with. I’m not someone who’s necessarily afraid of change, so it was more than that. I guess it just sounded so ridiculous.
It's a list of challenging observations about the future of books. Or it thinks it is. It is designed to question our assumptions about what a book is. In fact, look at the first comment:
Dirt is just like tooth decay - it never quits! Despite your best intentions for cleaning this spring, you should not have to do it alone. Cleaning more than 200 tons of dirt last year, Stanley Steemer knows dirt! Call the experts at Stanley Steemer and let them help you achieve that deeper level of clean in your home this season.
behaviour. Dr. Iris Borrowsky, author of the study published in Pediatrics magazine, said: “These youth
I love Khloe and Lamar for a handful of reasons:
Some may have objections to my assertion that Will is “correct” only when aligned with Divine Will. It’s important to remember, however, that we cannot exist in a vacuum. If our will is only to serve ourselves, if our love is only for ourselves, then we become solipsistic. Solipsism is fatal, ever more turning inward on itself until it collapses into meaninglessness, severed from the Source of meaning by its own volition. I think that there are many intermediate stages to this process but that ultimately, the choice comes down to unity or disintegration, which is a word I’ve chosen deliberately.
Well there are three basic scenarios one gets to see post a relationship break up. The first is where you two are both repulsed by each other and never want to see each other again. The second is where you both want to get back together in equal measure. And the third is where one of you definitely wants to get back together, but will need to earn the love of your ex boyfriend or ex girlfriend. So given that people in the first case won’t read an article on how to get your ex back, and the second case require a simple call, a ‘miss you’ and a little coaxing, means we are only left with the third case. To get your ex back, you will end up doing a lot of things, most of them wrong, a couple of them right. So here’s a dos and don’ts guide to get your ex back. Let’s start with the don’ts because you’re so likely to make all of these mistakes.
Add very little water and make a stiff dough. The dough should be so stiff that you may feel it crack.
It's the point at which you begin to feel cabin fever. When you sense you're not quite tasting the great big world out there. When you start to feel a little isolated, a bit out-of-touch, and slang or pop cultural references or even current events sail right over your head ("oh, there's a revolution going on in Egypt? No kidding?")
Serapis is another deity that is super-syncretistic, and his cultus often traveled with that of Isis (and Harpocrates and/or Anubis/Hermanubis) to other places outside of Egypt in the ancient and late antique Mediterranean world. While his first “official” appearance was in the early Ptolemaic period, when a statue of Pluto was transferred from Sinope to Alexandria to begin his Graeco-Egyptian cultus, Osorapis pre-existed the syncretic cultus of the Ptolemies by centuries. His form took in the deities Apis (who was himself connected with Ptah), Osiris, Dionysos, Zeus, Hades, and eventually many others, including Herakles, Poseidon, and Helios. He also had temples all over the Roman Empire by late antiquity, from as far north as Cologne in Germania and Eboracum (York) in Brittania to as far south as his home temple in Memphis, Egypt.
Audiences first discovered Alec on Broadway in the Tony Award winning production of “M. Butterfly”. He guest starred on over 40 television series, including Alias, Friends, Roseanne, Seinfeld and NYPD Blue. Alec played network television’s very first gay asian series regular role on the short lived CBS sitcom “Some Of My Best Friends”. He then starred in four seasons of the UPN sitcom “Half and Half”. Film audiences howled at Alec as “N’Cream” in the wildly popular drag queen musical “Connie and Carla”. Other films include “Playing By Heart “ ,”Marley and Me” and “You Don’t Mess with The Zohan” .Alec’s “Wisecrack “ stand up comedy special premiered on LOGO in 2005 and has since gained a huge cult following.
Remember when the leather cube was popular? No? Maybe just in our house. I haven't known what to do with them since our move. So, they sat, not matching anything, in a corner.
steaming breath,
Initially he was given 3 topics to choose one. He chose "My Favourite Friend" and I had practised with him on this topic.
This short film begins immediately after the countdown...please be patient..
15 In The Mirror
A journalist for American Spectator Magazine went to the neighborhood himself to an on site report.
It is a huge task when you talk about strong feelings and aggravation between two or more people. Breaking down the emotions that get to the real problem is time consuming, yet needed. In my family, this is my role. I would not change it because it gave me a great idea of how to fix and build relationships.
There's no such thing as a perfect candidate, and the recent furor over the Republican contest proves that, if not much else. No one's close to making the sale yet.
I choose to feel calm and relaxed at all times, even under tension and pressure, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
This job feels different though. while I am doing a job which is technically lower than my qualifications, they recgonise my expertise and learning and I have aviation engineers asking me how things work in the marine field (they are surprised at the similarities) It feels as though I am being taken seriously, which is a first.
Sugar - 1 tablespoon
I understand. It's a scary thing to admit that your husband is sometimes a monster. It's hard to admit to yourself. And maybe they worry that he will somehow find out that they've told someone else and it will invite danger.
where r is the radius of the circle. Now that you have the wheel circumference, this value can be considered as our ‘fixed distance’, and therefore the speed can be calculated by measuring the elapsed time between of a full rotation.
6x9, pen and ink on 140 lb water color paper
I'm only twenty-nine so no kids yet!
Yeah... we need you! I looked around the room... and didn't see a shortage of female dance partners.
In addition to the pressure of mock interviews the trainees have also undergone a one 2 one session which allow us to measure how the trainees believe they’re developing and growing through the training process. One of our ladies absolutely fell apart in her one 2 one session and claimed that she “had be waiting for this all of her life”. She told her training mentor that people who’d known her all of her life had spoken to her mother about “how happy she looked”. Best of all she was so happy that her kids were “proud of her” and that they were happy to go to school now because they knew “she was going to be OK ”. She then gave her mentor the biggest hug and got back to work.
5. You don’t want to delete anything here. But what you do want to do is scroll to the bottom of the window where you’ll find a file that contains the word sqlitedb and rename it to something else. Eg. Mine is calleddownloads.28.sqlitedb which I renamed to downloads.28.sqlitedBOLD. Note: To rename the file, simply click the filename twice (slowly with approx 1 second between clicks). Technically you can delete the file instead of rename it but to be safe I recommend to just rename it.
“Stray Cat Blues” is a deliciously sleazy song, crawling with decadence and sexual debauchery. It’s about a rock musician who has sex with an admittedly underage groupie, and considers it “no hanging matter” and “no capital crime.” It’s spoken in the second person from the rock star to the girl. Now, it’s not a story of the two having sex, and then the rock star finding out after the fact that the girl lied about her age, the rocker regretful that he’s landed in jail. The fact that the girl is only 15 is out in the open. It ups the sleaze to about five times its normal amount.
I never got a call. When I came back to the school this is what she was doing.
ISBN:
Be Well!
As a child, Daisy was killed in an accident and with the help of a newly developed drug called Revive, she's able to have her life back, just as long as she changes her last name and moves to a different town in order to keep the program a secret. After several more deaths of her own, Daisy is used to moving from town to town, restarting her life somewhere new. That being said, she's never had much time to make friends, but she decides it's the last time. There will be no more accidents or carelessness. Daisy plans to stay in Omaha for good, especially when she makes a new friend named Audrey and meets Audrey's gorgeous brother, Matt.
It goes beautifully with whipped cream.
I don’t understand everything about them. Many facts about their lives are forever lost. I don’t need to know everything. I just want to honor them. They contributed to who I am today. Not exclusively, not overwhelmingly, but in some part, in some way, I would not be who I am without them.
The mind is able to manipulate time- stretch it or shrink it in some manner.
Gulp. That caused me to lower my eyes and watch my mouth.
3. Orchids can be used in various ways to help decorate any party scene, from a wedding to a dinner party.
Oh my god, I looove that song! Ummph! Oh my god do I love that song.
When I admired a goldfinch piece from this Prairie Schooler book, Dianne generously loaned me her copy so I could stitch one up for my husband, who happens to really like goldfinches. I haven't quite managed to stitch his up, but I did stitch this piece for Dianne. Dianne is a nature lover and posts many pictures of her beautiful gardens. I know she appreciate the beauty of the bright colored cardinals in the barren winter as much as she loves the colorful spring and summer flowers, so I thought this piece would be perfect for her.
A little later, Jackson and I were hanging out, eating a piece of cake, when he off-handedly mentioned that he'd given his prize to a little boy who was crying. I looked at him and my heart swelled. My eyes filled with tears. Jackson is my kid who has precious little self-control. He's oftentimes belligerent and nasty. He inflicts his rotten moods on everyone around. He's put holes in his walls and floor. He's broken windows and doors. He has a horrible temper. I'm not saying this because he's a bad kid because he isn't. But the ADHD, temper, and impulsivity make it really hard to see the good sometimes.
I'm doing it.
In 1976, Steven Spurrier, a sommelier in Paris, comes to California's Napa Valley to take the best wines he can find back to Paris for a blind taste test against French wine. He meets Jim Barrett, whose winery, Chateau Montelena, is mortgaged to the hilt as Jim takes out loan after loan to perfect his chardonnay. There's strain in Jim's relations with his hippie son Bo and his foreman Gustavo, a Mexican farmworker's son who is secretly making his own wine. Plus there's Sam, a UC David grad student and free spirit, mutually attracted to both Gustavo and Bo. As Spurrier organizes the blind tasting event, later known as the "Judgement of Paris", Jim doesn't want to participate while Bo knows it's their only chance. Based on a true story.
I want a kitten too. Until my cat died a few years ago, I’d had a cat almost all my life, except for the few months when I was two and three that one had died and we hadn’t got the next one. I remember asking my dad if we could get a new cat, and I was barely three years old then so that’s just over eighteen years ago. I loved Felicity and I really miss her.
In a comment posted on The Temasek Times, Mr Tay wrote:
Well, nicks hometown was lot of fun, and Nicks family is great :D I really did enjoy spending time with them and listening them talk Chinese with Sichuan accent- btw- very different from Mandarin. I had hard time understanding even the easiest sentences. :(
Yo (Name), I’m really happy for you, and I’mma let you finish, but (Someone else) had the best (Use any word that would one-up the person that you are speaking to) of all time, of all time.
I have to find out when tail gate markets begin again as I need to taste some homegrown tomatoes and other fresh produce. I am truly looking forward to what this next season will bring to Hendersonville. I will add it to my list of dates and locations to nail down.
As to the “if it’s right, it happens” part. I actually had to go back and make sure that was part of the quote, as I guess I had never focused as much on that part. It does sound serendipitous. But I have rushed in before, and it has always cost me dearly. It was reassuring to me to think that there is no rush. Right now, I need to work on healing, getting my affairs in order, being there for my kids, and rediscovering who I am outside of the context of marriage. 15 years is a long time, and I was 23 the last time I was single.
We edged out of the lip of the ditch, more the size of a child crater, with eyes out for any nosy neighbors on balconies and maybe thinking of running to claim the pooch now cured of its constipation. Zip. No one. The coast is clear.
Fairy dust trails like blood.
it gave me the tools to know that when bonzo was in that state – a low boil that was about to turn into a roaring boil but hadn't quite yet – that a good cry was almost always the ticket to smoother sailing.
Place the chicken in a pan and cook till the mixture is dried...
I started by pulling out the only Sizzix/Ellison thin cuts alphabet set I still own - Block Party. This set almost always gets pulled out for school presentation boards and occassionally for a scrapbooking project. I think this is the first time I have used it on a card.
Card Stock: White, Pretty in Pink, Chocolate Chip
Some scholars likened the attitudes of Soviet immigrants to those of the Vietnamese boat people who fled their homeland’s Communist government and of the Cuban refugees who fled the government of Fidel Castro, both of whom took a more conservative tack in the United States than the members of most immigrant groups.
food colouring of choice
life, lately, has just become loud.
Here are some thoughts to consider in this passage. David’s eulogy is a psalm that mourns the deaths of Saul and Jonathan. David mourns over the defeat of Israel and the death of many Israelites, but this is not the focus of his psalm. His psalm expresses explicitly his sorrow over the deaths of Saul and Jonathan. The Amalekite messenger thought the news of the deaths of Saul and Jonathan would be good news to David. He was wrong. This psalm tells us that David feels a deep sense of loss and sorrow because of their deaths. David genuinely grieves over these men dying.
Why a Family Five Year Plan?
Right before Christmas I met with my supervising teacher and I could not be happier! Our personalities are very similar - type-a, organized and precise, plan-aholics, and enthusiastic. I cannot wait to learn many wonderful things during my time in her classroom.
News travelled fast in the community. The townspeople were aflutter in anticipation of the party to celebrate Squire Paul’s rather surprising nuptials. Everyone had liked Iona, the mystery lady, but no one had expected that she’d be here to stay. But, any excuse for a party was good enough for them.
Nancy Maxwell James (blog Sugar Lump Studios), who is a leader in the world of softness with fabric and lace, chose to incorporate her grandparents' wedding photo in this fabulous vintage wedding fabric collage.
Holly Kauffman Named Vice President Operations, Jersey Central Power & Light
(a) have a white background and a graphic of a no smoking symbol, consisting of a pictorial representation of a burning cigarette enclosed in a red circle with a red bar across it and shall be at least 14 cm in diameter; and
There was a time when the majority of the nations anglers were firmly sat on creaking willow but some had taken on the wooden seat box as an alternative, perfect for the river rover or carp stalker who requires the occasion resting perch.
For the past week, April Smith's - Colors has been my Must Have choice to wake me up, get me movin', and wish me off to a fabulous day. Thanks to One Tree Hill (and even a Lowes commercial) for showing me this Gem.
Just whatever, there is nothing specific. The process depends on each song. Some songs are born on the 4-track recorder, some on the piano, but most of the songs are written on guitar.
The 1960s were a great time to be in high school, as opposed to, say, fighting in Vietnam or dying in a race riot. Sure, we had the rumbles and shoulder-punch-outs that seemed earth-shattering to us, but it was mostly a time to try being free and creative in ways we were never allowed before.
I am grateful for a man that tells me he loves me with no hesitation, and always rubs my back for a moment before he heads to bed.
Worship washes this heart clean.
Beat combine eggs, sugar and pumpkin. Add remaining ingredients and stir just until mixed. Some flours absorb more liquid than others, so you may need to add a splash or two of apple juice or milk to keep it moist.
Well, mainly I began to talk about writing. And talk. And talk.
On a fair plot of land peaceful and still,
Then they both start fighting and ignore Jeff before he can ask for clarification.
Nellie The Elephant (Butler, Hart) 6:01
They lucked out when Reiff fell to them in the first round and they were able to address their OL. They should’ve gone corner in the second round but I do think Broyles will fit perfectly in their offense and at least they took a solid corner in the third round. I liked them going after some linebackers in the later rounds and I think Travis Lewis could be a solid starter one day.
Most of you wouldn't know this....but I played soccer (football) for a couple of years when I was in high school and I LOVED it! If I was fit enough I'd love to be playing it again! It's so much fun and great exercise.
Sadly, this will be my eighth Mother’s Day to spend without my mother. She has missed some poignant milestones in my life and in the lives of my daughters. Both Melissa and Katie were very young when she died so they don’t have a full reservoir of memories about Grandmommy Rhea. However, they do have the legacy of faith that she helped instill in them as toddlers. She loved to send Veggie Tales tapes, Children’s Bibles and devotional books.
I love to give handmade cards as gifts. I began first by creating a box to house the set. I wanted something simple and that might get a second use, once all the notecards were used. I created a few handmade envelopes from copy paper, which I didn't picture above. Not that envelopes aren't exciting... but you know... I'm already putting a million pictures in this post. ;-)
This morning, I felt a similar twinge in my right hip. It was probably (I hope) just the result of having slept on it funny, but, whether it was a temporary thing or a sign of things to come, I made the decision to stay home and not risk aggravating it.
And one more thing...Insulin is so important for so many functions including our brains that it is so wise to look after it by feeding it good healthy whole grains and avoiding all processed food.
The beginning of week has been a busy one and the time has flown by. With DH away in London (he is due back later today) I spent Sunday & Monday evenings having a tidy of my craft desk & corner.
Someone said, in a comment to a previous post, that the Queen is benign. No, she’s not, the best she’s ever been is neutral, as she should be, but she’s an absolute liability right now and is complicit in destroying the Welfare State, which ensured, for the most part, that the poor, sick, disabled, and vulnerable would get what they needed in terms of healthcare, housing, and sufficient money to survive – all of which is now considered to be a crime against society.
She took the time to change out of her armor and into a comfortable dress, as there was no need to wear the armor in her own room, or even if she wasn’t on official business. Brulee then sat down at her desk. It was fairly worn; the retainer of the rooms had said it was likely passed down from some student or another before it ended up here.
Now I lay me down to weep
R11
And pompous stuff: ‘A thesaurus does not a writer make.’ So the author included some ‘big words’ in that one particular page. Why is that a bad thing? Don’t choose ‘literary novels’ as a favourite genre if you can’t cope with words longer than one syllable.
Most of us recall memories by how significant they are in our lives and for that reason, it may be easier for some to organize their memories into categories, rather than chronological order. Here's a look at some of my categories and the pros and cons I've experienced by archiving this way.
The feeling of my face freezing the moment I walk outside will probably soon be replaced by unavoidable sweat from humidity, which is much better in my opinion. The feelings and memories of a very trialing time could soon be replaced by assured peace and new beginnings. What the new beginnings are is only known by God. In this great adventure we call life, we never know tomorrow. All I know is that the first day of the rest of my life begins now.
If you are interested in buying a traditional brick two bedroom unit with nice outdoor living areas either to live in or as an investment property, this sought after, peaceful address, close to the lagoon and Hokowhitu Village is a fantastic opportunity.
The Irish Republic
Poor internet service in Chico prevented me from posting last night. The days and roads and curves all blur together. We average over 300 miles each day, with hundreds of curves.
I had no words. I looked at the bartender, with my mouth open, and he was cracking up. By this time I was pretty drunk, so I tapped the lady on the shoulder and said, "Could you please repeat what you just said?". She rolled her eyes and turned back around.
If this is the first time you've dropped by, you can check out the challenge guidelines in the sidebar.
The only downside of this book is that it is written purely from the Christian perspective. Seeing things through others eyes can be just as informative.
Check it out this weekend- they should be done with the move by then.
My body is taking the rest of the day off (not my congnative choice either!)!
Life is a tragedy, confront it.
make it pay for soaking our earth
With a bone embroidered on it.
I put it on my mantle and then immediately told my husband to make us one.
Lovers, presented by Moonstruck Theatre Company at the Hickory Street Annex Theatre, 501 Second Ave., through Oct. 9.
Then came what's considered to be the real Newark Bears Baseball Club; a minor league member of the International League (Class-AAA) from the years 1926 through 1949. Their home field was Ruppert Stadium; yes, as in N.Y. Yankees' owner Col. Ruppert. The Bears were a Yankees' farm club in those days. In 1937, they enjoyed what many call one of the most spectacular seasons in Minor League history. That team won their division flag by 25 1/2 games. Their line-up was stacked with players like Charlie Keller, Spud Chandler, and Joe Gordon. In the '37 Junior World Series, Newark found themselves down 3-0 against the American Association Champs; Columbus Red Birds. Newark staged a four game comeback to secure a miraculous Title victory.
I have used an image of The Kiss, by Gustav Klimt, for obvious reasons, and also because it dovetails in history with the writings of Rainier Maria Rilke. As I was driving in the car Sunday, listening to public radio, I heard a brief piece of an interview with a woman whose expertise is Rilke. I'd been thinking about Daisy and Lily as the date approached, and I kept hearing the echo of Daisy's voice, saying, Time is all that matters. Time is all there is.
That some still consider the people of the Occupy movement heroes of the working class puzzles me.
Here are just a few of my "tectonic shift favorites," and themes they touch on:
Lego appealed to the Court of Justice (CJ), arguing that the General Court had:
Some Danger Involved is the first novel in Thomas’ mystery series featuring the Scottish detective Cyrus Barker and his assistant, Thomas Llewelyn. We meet Llewelyn, our first person narrator, on the day he is hired by Barker. No sooner is he starting to get a handle on his mysterious employer than the pair are drawn into an investigation of a particularly gruesome murder in London’s Jewish community.
Behind all the chairs an’ the sofa wide
Here she is, indirectly, as a fellow tenant in domiciles of Austin and New York:
Head to Ashley's for lots more scavengy fun:
In my opinion, until you can hear a heartbeat the bundle of cells can’t possibly be viable and if need be I would have no problems with a woman wanting to terminate for a non-frivolous reason. No matter what you should be able to hear a heartbeat no later than 12 weeks gestation, PLENTY of time to figure out you’re pregnant and make a tough decision if need be. (This would include being ok with RU-486 – not the same thing as Plan B.)
The Gospel Trail is a gentler, “sanitized” hiking experience for the tour bus crowd. Sections are accessible by strollers and wheelchairs and less exertion is required.
clapping palm. Point
It was also nice to hear his voice again. When I haven't heard it for a long time, it's always a little higher and a little softer than I remember. And then I get all bashful and blush cause it's been a while since we talked and I get a tiny bit nervous. Silly, I know. But, he can still give me butterflies after all this time. ^_^
They opened the place not too long ago, investing who knows how much, branding it with delight in selling their boiled fat and sugar concoctions with decorative names such as Psycho, the Bipolar, Massive Head Trauma, and the Cracker Attacker. Hilarious. A belly buster.
When I was 11 years old, we got a Betamax. Now I realize younger readers may not have a clue as to what a Betamax was, so let me explain: The Betamax was a videotape machine, similar to VHS (Please tell me you remember those. I do not want to be that old yet.), but Beta had much better quality and therefore less popularity. (NOTE: Admitting that you do know what a Betamax was will do nothing but reveal that you are old, resist the temptation. But do you remember how we used to have to rewind the tapes? Ahh, the old days of home video...)
So there you go. Brian Coleman's tactic is "If you upset enough people, you'll get a whole new legion of voters". I was intrigued. I asked if they could introduce me to one of these newBrian Coleman voters. "Of course not, we don't share our supporters details with bloggers". I said that I didn't want their details, I just wanted to interview them, so that I could add some balance to my blog. "They don't want to talk to bloggers". I was surprised "Have you asked them that? They seem upset with our criticisms".
here's a few close up shots:
I see my dreams dying.
‘It would definitely make the game more interesting, and as you say, it would make the game complete. Let us set up the game again.’
The disparity was strong enough, the judge said, “as to support an inference of intentional discrimination.”
The chart is very easy to read and comes printed in black ink on two sheets of A3 paper, with a symbol key and instructions for getting started down the side of one of the sheets.
Published June 7th 2011 by Brilliance Audio
But the day for some of these things is not now...And I have to tell my heart to be patient, because these things will come...They always have in the past...So I know the future only holds great things for him.
Hugh Laurie
"Merry" stamped with Colorbox Cat Eye Silk Green
3.Sit or stand with legs slightly apart. When you sit or stand with your legs slightly apart, this gives the impression that you are self-confident.
Riggs starts with a brief overview of the Big Thicket, the mysterious area of woods and swamp where most of the paranormal happenings and investigations in this book take place.
Go together wet or dry
I had 60k for inducements, so I got a Bloodweiser Babe: the only real choice, and I figured I might need her: chaos dwarves tend to bash you a lot. More fans showed up for my team so I got +1 fame, and I even won the coin toss, so I elected to receive. He's tough, but in the battle of brute force I felt I was better off taking the first swing.
Gates of Vienna readers, especially those in Minnesota, are invited to apply their distributed intelligence to this problem and see if they can locate the Latino Consent Decree of 1970-something. It may actually exist, bound in a dusty volume of legal documents somewhere deep in the storage archives of the Minnesota state government.
Above she is engaging in a sleep 'duet' with Bobby Ray. She has been partial to him since arriving but he remains rather cautious around her. Some of his caution, I think, occurs because of her habit of moving toward him very quickly. Fast movement bothers him and cat body language and rabbit body language are different enough that he generally is rather tentative around her.
Have you ever stared across the breakfast table at your husband of twenty-something years and wonder who this strange man is eating your food?
114) a handful of red tomatoes just ripe for picking in the garden this morning
Finally, a very exciting album project is underway with some great musician friends of mine. At the moment, this is top secret, but the sound is very deep and powerful and I think you’ll be blown away by the tracks when this project sees the light of day. We’ve been exchanging tracks via FTP and reworking each other’s sounds until we’re happy that the perfect dark hybrid has surfaced.
As a finishing touch, I dusted the middle with just a touch of green tea powder. At first I liked this effect, since the chocolate became speckled with green, but after a little while the green tea powder melted into the whipped cream below it and started to look like green mold :( Sorry Diana!
In his office of apostleship he wrote in Romans 5:8 “Christ died for us” (in our place, paying the price for our sins). If you don’t embrace that truth you face a fate far worse than going down with the ship. You will have part, eternally, in the lake of fire.
The Church of Latter Day Saints – for their buildings all over the world – uses a single architecturally designed plan, kitset components, and volunteer labour. Their churches are instantly recognisable, and are fully paid for at the time of erection – both very desirable goals.
The choice is pretty simple, isn’t it?
Now we find that, as they are declining too, many people romanticise industrial communities in a similar way. But for all the Silver Jubilee street parties that were held in now empty roads, there was also often domestic violence, alcoholism, vicious bullying and repression that went on behind the net curtains. The uncomfortable fact is that feelings of community are to an extent always based on the adoption of a form of collective identity and the exclusion of that which is different.
I dated someone who had tremulous, at best, relationships with his family. They never talked about elephants in the room and they rarely would say “I love you.” If someone did say anything of the sort, someone else would say “what’s wrong? Did something happen?” It hurt my heart. But it seemed to suit him just fine.
The attractive houses in Barlby Gardens made us aware of the powerful scent of flowering privet, and reminded us of Michael Frayn’s novel Spies. The bus wiggled round Cambridge Gardens and under the Westway. St Ann’s Villas has a Blue Plaque for Albert Chevalier, the Music Hall comedian, who died in 1923. We had noted that there were fewer blue plaques than on some of our trips.
. . . even though God’s handwork gives them all the proof they need that He exists. They lie to themselves and it results in lives of debauchery and licentiousness. Liar, liar, souls on fire.
If a cougar attacks, fight back! Many people have survived cougar attacks by fighting back with anything, including rocks, sticks, bare fists, and fishing poles.
Don’t you know death
I’m not going to mention the ending, short of saying to Gillian: “You, my dear, are a thoroughly wicked woman! How could you?!”
Instead, the agency should number no more than 5,000, and carry out his original intent, which was to monitor terrorist threats and collect intelligence.
I asked Russell for some details: it seems that it takes a crew of about twenty men to keep one mixer going all day. Some of these men (usually local volunteers) bring buckets of sand and gravel from the stockpiles over to the mixers. Certain workers are assigned to pour the raw materials into the mixers, keeping track to make sure the correct proportion of each kind of material is maintained. Some of the most knowledgeable of the crew (normally Allen, Russell, Gus, or certain ones of our regular paid crew) run the machines. Next to each mixer is a large pan, into which the mixed concrete is poured. More workers (again, this work is generally done by the volunteers) shovel the mixture into buckets and carry these buckets to the men on the scaffold, who are also members of our paid crew. Our guys on top of the scaffold put the concrete and rocks into the wall panels.
he has sweet chunky thighs and tiny little rolls growing around his wrists.
The only type of drinking I’ll be participating in until the marathon will be Emergen-C cocktails and bottomless OJ.
The other museum we visited was the Maritime Museum, which we almost didn't go to as, as Chi pointed out, we have been to quite a few Maritime Museums and they get a bit 'samey' after a while!
But Im worth it. Im worth this.
Today was a grey day. It was raining outside and overall i just felt meh. There wasn’t much going on. I met with the occupational therapist from the eating disorders team this afternoon. But today wasn’t bad but it wasn’t good either. I pretty much just took things as they came. I wanted to isolate myself all day but i guess that i had to go to my appointment and do some other errands. I still got out today. It got me out today.
Above all, it's the story of Jenna, Grandma Wolfe, Great-aunt Sis, Mrs. Scott, and Cousin Elizabeth. And of course a jingle dress!
Heres the current plan. Patty (the new therapist) will be there Friday during group and Becky will introduce us. I will still see Becky next Tuesday and we can talk about any concerns that come up before then. Next week Patty will be at group, Becky will try to cut it short, and the 3 of us will meet after. Becky will help basically get Patty introduced to what my situation is, and we can discuss concerns. Somewhere during the time we were forming this plan, Becky informed me that Patty is only there on Fridays (she lives in Lansing, where the other DBT center of Michigan is, and its a drive. If she had more clients here she would be here more often, but at the moment she doesnt), so group and individual will have to be on the same day, which causes its own set of problems.
Button Mushroom, 5 pcs, cut into small slices
Perhaps two things will help elucidate my perspective.
Also, there are a few other options that seem to be falling into our laps…though if we opted for this road (fork in the road scenario), we wouldn’t get very far where distance is concerned. There are so many choices as to which way we travel or go. I know this sounds like a bunch of babble, but I really do have a point to all this. I promise!
Out of no where I was actually bein affirmed for being ME! so I began to embrace myself even more, and the more I accepted, the mire beauty I found and the more I wanted to show THAT guy to the world!
I’d have the anklet with all the disorganized wires attached to the shock treatment machine around my leg, while Wifesy held my left hand. But, in the right, I’d have a pen and a notebook where I was writing all this shit down. Go ahead, shock me again, I’ll make a post out of it! Oh, the machine’s stuck?! There’s a joke in there. Shock me then and I can handle just about anything. But, take away the writing stuff or Wifesy and my brain is not 100% happy.
6) And the passport, ah yes, the passport, suddenly when things are looking really grim, the Whitehouse decides to release a bit of film showing a slightly blurry image of part of the president’s passport (see the top of this posting). How very convenient. (Caution: those of a nervous disposition please note the film includes images of Elena Kagan)
I stared sadly down at him. He was, of course, lifeless.
If they are distorted, if they are subject to cynical manipulation, then they are exercises in “mis-representation”.
Review by Nancy
First we need to look at why our kids are whining. This is a difficult thing to do. Why? Because it is most likely our fault they are whining.
Your body, feels good next
Our day had begun badly with one of those dreadful coffee experiences which make us realise why it’s worth guiding people to the best venues. We don’t like to name and shame so tend just to ignore and forget such places. In the end we were delighted at the three places we can now review for our Manchester day.
Layer 1: Cookie. Is that hazelnut and almond powder I detect? A delightfully crisp texture: melt-in-your-mouth, yet it doesn't break apart. Ooh wee.
The schedule for these sessions is as follows:
Designer: Homespun Elegance
However, the real story seems to lie elsewhere, with reports elaborated by Daily Bhaskar. A probe was done by them into whether the Congress spokesperson had a consensual sex with the lady lawyer or did he have sex in return of any ‘favour’. The probe led to assertions made by a Delhi-based lawyer Swaty Singh Malik, who revealed quantum about the episode through her tweets. Her tweets hinted that “the Congress leader had consensual sex with a lady lawyer who is in her mid 40s”. Reproducing hitherto from Daily Bhaskar:
Causes: natural predisposition, fear (of meeting new people, not knowing what to say, feeling awkward, rejection), a feeling of unworthiness, shame, a sheltered childhood where new people were seldom encountered, a history of isolation
628. Fried Egg & White Trumpet Mushrooms over Arugula Salad w/ Fresh Sprouts @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 1:32 p.m.
These questions and contemplations could go on and on--I think you get the idea. You could write an entire book about this stapler or come up with countless articles and stories about it. And that was just the first thing I saw on my desk. As cluttered as my desk tends to be, I potentially have a lifetime of writing at arms reach.
There is an old proverb that says that God gave us two ears and one mouth for a reason; Listen twice as much as you speak. This goes to listening to your inner self as well. If you are always berating yourself and never just taking the time to listen in silence, then you are not giving the Universe an opportunity to speak.
Then Jason spoke on the fact that Jenkins has not been rehabbing in Dallas with teammates which is preferred.
In the population study of 55,322 illegal aliens, researchers found that they were arrested at least a total of 459,614 times, averaging about 8 arrests per illegal alien. Nearly all had more than 1 arrest. Thirty-eight percent (about 21,000) had between 2 and 5 arrests, 32 percent (about 18,000) had between 6 and 10 arrests, and 26 percent (about 15,000) had 11 or more arrests. Most of the arrests occurred after 1990.
Sun, 11:10pm: NO.
The best way to deal with this massive amount of unorganized and unindexed material has been for me to review each single piece of film, while taking a macro approach regarding descriptive depth and preservation. By doing this, I’ve been living the collection in numerous ways and at many levels. My personal memories are being bolstered by illustrative artifacts that are much older than I am, and the continuum has been blending into my own. Throughout this continuing and painstaking process, I’ve been trying to communicate the immense joy of this large project to those around me that cringe at the prospect of the daunting tedium of commandeering many hundreds of linear feet of negative images without accompanying prints. I consider it an honor and a privilege to be conserving this photographic history of my home. From the beginning, it’s been clear to me that I’ve been discovering more than mere imagery. Being a process in progress, only small portions have been made available, and a growing number of individuals have already been blessed by these thin slices of time, and new anecdotes come to me by the week. There are many stories, even now at these early stages, and I try to write as many as possible in my journal.
And last but not least does anyone have any other tomato varieties that they think I *have* to grow? I’m going to grow sungold if I can find a plant of it but I’m always looking for other suggestions!
The size of a man’s penis has no bearing on whether or not I would sleep with him. Maybe that is because I have never had sex with anyone I thought had a tragically small penis. I am typically attracted to or turned on by what said penis is attached to and I have never not slept with someone I wanted to see naked just because they didn’t live up to my expectation’s in the size department. If he is larger than most, good for him (and maybe me.)
SOUL IMAGO
You Better You Bet
So I guess you could say I’m a little conflicted. Heheh.
Questioner: My sons drowned in the sea ten months ago. I did surrender, but when I felt the peace and calm coming over me, it felt wrong. It was not right to feel peace and calm with such a loss.
For the second entry: please head on over to the shop HERE and let me know what style you like, from what I have listed. Then please come back and comment letting me know what style you would build.
A funny thing happened last summer. Three of us baseball fans were walking toward the train at Safeco Field in Seattle one night, and one of us noticed a foot sticking out of the bushes by the sidewalk. We looked and discovered a nude woman, drunk and passed out. In respect of the lady, I took off my Cubs hat and placed it over her right breast. One of my buddies, who was wearing a Red Sox hat, took off his beanie and put it over her left breast. Following our lead, the Yankee fan took off his cap and placed it over her crotch.
They returned to the table. Maybe now’s the time, thought Alan. Maybe this was the way. The Scottish way, over a dram. He took a deep breath. I gave the Eulogy at my father’s funeral, he didn’t say. He wanted to, though. Why did he want to? He wanted to tell Cliff, this stranger who wasn’t. He wanted to share something with him. He had told everyone in the church that he loved his father, which was more than he had ever told the man himself. He had wanted to say it so often, but had been unable to bring himself to. What was the point? Love is a feeling. You feel it, you don’t have to say it. Not in Scotland, anyway, not to your dad.
Although the Maya in particular were time-obsessed stargazers, and they observed celestial cycles, the essence of their daykeeping is in three interlocking calendar systems: the Long Count, the Haab and the Tzolkin. (the Maya likely called these something else). The Long Count organized days by orders of 20 (with one exception), the Haab is a 365-day calendar, the Tzolkin 260. (Note, today is 260 days before December 21st 2012 – and no, that’s not a coincidence. Unless it is, which it very well might be).
Once again, without making any guarantees, warranties, explicit or implicit contracts, &c, legal or otherwise, my advice is: if you're writing historical fiction, whether it ties in to the current "hot" categories/themes (e.g. fantasy, romance, vampires, steampunk, zombies, what have you) or is a straightforward historical novel about anyone from Abraham to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, you're probably on course for decent sales (again, assuming you've written a stellar book). Keep it up!
I am sold though! As soon as my check situation at work gets figured out and settled, I am DEFINITELY going to be ordering my own shaklee! And then you can sign up to become a member under me as well! Doesn't that sound AWESOME?! I think it does! And besides who wouldn't want to transform their icky yucky stove from the before picture to the after picture? Seriously? My stove SHINES now. It truly does!
For the sake of the citizens of Tucson, I hope you're figuring out how to get rid of Hicks, and, I hope you're also trying to figure out how you're going to withdraw your letter to Sean Arce telling him his contract is not being renewed. Sean Arce, the man who directed the Mexican American Studies Department for the last several years... You know Arce just received a national award from a highly regarded organization, right?
So when poor old Joe takes a southerly gaze upon a co-worker he is performing a perfunctory duty of all men to take a look at the (Insert favorite breast name here) Not knowing that the advertisements he is the target of are not real. Silly Joe, Silly Joe.
but….What if …..what if I was going 80 MPH?…….What if I was not paying attention to the several signs I passed on that particular road I was on? What if every time a sign came up, I intentionally or unintentionally…looked away…. fiddled with the radio staition…looked in the mirror…?
-a
The left however, is far less unequivocal in it's condemnation of mass murder. They rightly condemn Breivik for his blood stained and vile act. Yet they cherish and praise equally bloody and vile acts when they are committed against their enemies and by their friends. Their hypocrisy and their dishonesty would be stunning had we not become so accustomed to it.
3birds cardstock
Papers: Wild Rose Studio - Floral Paper Pack
Julianne Snow gets Jack’d -
Tireless hero who destroys the royal dynasties that trouble the Earth.
There was a city here long ago, the heart of which was but a few miles west of here, where the chasm is at its widest. No one knows who lived there, for it was lain to ruin during the battle. Such was the might, majesty, and wrath of the gods, that the very land was devastated; thousands of mortals died, their blood staining the land for miles around; which is why the stone here has a reddish cast. Not only mortals died, the Avatars too were slain in their hundreds; laid down by mystical fire, divine might, and powerful magic. At the height of the battle the death of several Avatars, all at once, split the very earth, ripping the ground apart; a great fissure opened, right beneath that ancient city, plummeting it, its inhabitants, and more than a few gods to their death and destruction. The WEEPING CHASM is the result.
It’s been a busy weekend.
This is all rather significant if you're going to show kids stills from these two adverts and ask them what type of product is being sold. From the survey results...
man.
So I was shitting it a bit when we came to tap the first barrel, I should have had faith knowing the skill that Marble have and the knowledge of beer that we have but I couldn't help freaking out a bit. I needent have worried - it's everything we wanted it to be It’s big and bold on the nose with lovely sweet interplay of caramel, cereal and lovely citric notes and some juicy fruit.
3. Bully enters stage right (Dijana reporting)
c u l8r
It scares me to say that out loud. Part of me wants to go back and delete "faith" and say "heart" or something less divisive and charged. Because even that word comes loaded with associations and categories.
More details to follow …
"are you american?"
This article is a bit older, but important and fascinating enough that we felt it would be worth it to post on. An article published at the end of June in the New York Times, entitled, “Promise Seen for Detection of Alzheimer’s,” discussed a remarkable new development in the quest for a way to diagnose Alzheimer’s in living patients. Up to now, the only way to truly diagnose someone with Alzheimer’s was based on the presence of plaque on the brain (in the form of black freckles), only found posthumously during the person’s autopsy.
Bear Republic Red Rocket Ale
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last six Premier League outings, but have only kept one clean sheet in their last five.
(6) Family members of the deceased owner receive cash, and the surviving owner receives the shares in a timely manner — exactly what both parties desire.
To me, clothes measure the passage of time in a sense, they help mark our days, our moments. Who hasn't looked back at an old photograph and giggled over the fashions, who hasn't wondered aloud, 'what was I thinking?' when they discover a long-ago buried pants suit in the back of their closet. The only problem I have with all of this is when a bad memory - or maybe even one that was good at the time, but somehow turned sour, is associated with clothes I still own, still want to wear. This happened to me not too long ago actually, when I dug out a sweater I'd worn on what had been a great date...until it suddenly wasn't. I happened to be out in California visiting my brother when I dug the sweater in question, bright blue v-neck piece, out of the bottom of my suitcase.
skinny jeans: Old Navy
Lets call him Jimmy, cos well, his name is Jimmy. Now Jimmy is the kind of nosey, and 'busy body' person whos always doing something, whether it be looking after the communial garden or shouting 'jay-jay' every hour of the day, (jay-jay being his dog) hes just always there, but heaven forbid you park in his parking space!!
His sister Mrs van der Merwe, who lived next door to Mr Verwey at the same site, said her friend J H Potgieter woke up when he heard her brother call out for his sister, shouting “Netta, help!’ Her friend went to the house, looked through the window and saw her injured brother bent over at the window. He feared that the attacker was still in the house so he grabbed a garden shovel and rushed over. “By that time my brother was sitting on a chair, and was calling for me to bring the car to take him to hospital’. However her brother died enroute in the car and was declared dead on arrival at the Humansdorp hospital.
After that we were confident and, to a degree, in cruse control. Shelvey hit the bar from a Downing cross. This was about our thirtieth effort of the season to hit the woodwork a stat that is disturbing just as much as the fact that someone has taken the time and effort to study and record it! Shelvey then, via Suarez, missed an easier chance from Enrique’s cross which he won’t wish to remember! Downing produced a good save from Ruddy after picking up Gerrard’s ball and cutting inside from the right.
I came to a realisation recently, that I may have wasted 3 years of my life being hung-up over a guy who wasn't available. Probably wasn't even right from the start. I have blamed everything about him, from the mixed signals he seemed to permeate, to the things he said and then didn't, and the things he did for me and then to me.
The goal of the African Central Bank is to create an African Single Currency. African Union planners are currently calling the African continental currency the “Gold Mandela.”
“As a people, we survived the Mongols, the Turks and the Arabs,” said John Michael, a Chicago ophthalmologist whose cousins recently left for Syria. “We don’t want this violence now to be the death knell of this ancient culture.”- - - - - - - - - -
If I write after 8:00 pm, I’ve discovered it keeps me awake. All night long I end up concentrating on finishing a story, rhyming a stanza, creating a character or coming up with a super-duper book title. It’s exhausting slumber and I’m exhausted the next day!
Thursday afternoon at 3:10, I got the official word. I passed. I freaking passed my dissertation defense. I never thought I'd see the day. Though I was insanely anxious in the hours leading up to my defense, I felt the weirdest sense of calm come over me a few minutes before I started. (I completely attribute this to all the prayers and positive thoughts people were sending my way.) I won't lie, there was an intense amount of anxiety as the committee deliberated and I stood out in the hallway, but when my chair came out with a handshake and "Congratulations, Doctor," I almost couldn't believe it. I did it.
“Why? Are you thinking of becoming a cop?”
This Bloom Day finds me pulling weeds and counting blessings. I am doing one because we have had semi-regular rains, and I am doing the other because we have had semi-regular rains. Though we have had our share of hot weather which is normal, we have lately been plagued by smoke from the fire in the Dismal Swamp. Lightening struck last week and set the peat on fire, and now the area burning (or burned) is over 6000 acres. When the wind comes from the south, a choking, acrid fog envelops the city. But all and all, compared with the weather other parts of the country are having where no rain has fallen, temperatures have been over 100 for weeks on end, and the landscape is dying - I feel blessed.
Show me the stairway
Following prominent civil rights campaigns in the United States, South Africa and Northern Ireland, it seems we live in a society in which minority groups are continuously claiming to be persecuted. Just like individuals who claim to have suffered as the result of the negligent/malicious actions of a third party, I believe these minorities are also seeking compensation of some sort, too - if not a tangible reward then special treatment.
Words can’t really describe the feeling. Feels great. Really, really great.
The key to this whole piece I think are the two words "extreme" and "irrational". In Buddhism there is "the middle way". I believe in this philosophy and try to enforce it in all areas of my life. Granted, I still fail in some categories when it comes to certain things. But, moderation (or the middle way) seems to be what stands out for me most. Too much of anything is a bad thing, don't you think? We have to temper everything in our lives and allow other points of view to sift in. Slowly, they meet in the middle.
Thank-you for reading and see you on the other side!
have not changed for the better.
Rojas: What are you currently reading?
He could boot the computer from a floppy disk, and reformat your hard drive. But wait, you say, I’ve configured the BIOS on my computer to prompt for a password when I turn the power on. No problem – if he can open the case and get his hands on the system hardware, he could just replace the BIOS chips. (Actually, there are even easier ways).
Regardless of its legislative prospects, the need for routinization of HIV testing (and all STI testing, for that matter) is crucial to improving public health outcomes for future generations. It is for this reason that Preparing The Future was formed: in order to better educate and expose the would-be doctors, nurses, social workers, lawyers, dentists and pharmacists of the world to what routine HIV testing looks like and how it can be of great importance to their future practice. Initially, when the subject of HIV testing is brought up, most people jump straight to thinking about the potential to identify new infections and stop the spread of the disease. This is to be expected as this is the stated purpose of routine HIV testing, but it misses a larger, unifying element that can close the perceived gap between the haves and the have-nots in this country.
Don’t feel ‘tyrannised by titty’ Makow but don’t kill appreciation for the same . . .
I have a Cricut which I've dusted off and have been using a little bit lately. This cutting file includes 12 one inch spools for your crafting pleasure : D I'm planning on wrapping mine with embroidery floss. What can you come up with?
The loft overlooked a truck wash, from where, on the rare afternoons when Alan stayed home, he could hear the low rumble of engines, the shouts of the Mexican attendants, the spray of hoses, the quick and angry blasts of lug wrenches below his window. Trucks entered from the south, on Mateo Street, where the pavement was coated with smears of grease so thick your shoes sank into it and felt slippery for the rest of the morning if you were too lazy to cross the street on your way home from the bus stop. Beyond the wash was a warehouse displaying in bold black letters SOUTHWESTERN BAG CO.--Alan had lived in the loft for three months before realizing the place wasn’t abandoned. In the mornings, a bearded man in smudged overalls parked with two wheels on the curb while he unlocked the chain link fence surrounding the warehouse before pulling inside. A staff of two or three worked in the back, occasionally climbing into their truck to smoke a cigarette and listen to the radio with their feet propped on the door hinge.
There were no orchards in Croxted Road, but I can still picture the garden as it looked from my bedroom window more than thirty years ago.
And then I get back home. S is out, mother too, all I hear is a deafening silence as the afternoon sunshine dances over dusty book shelves, velvet-clad armchairs and ivory statuettes. An opened wine bottle on the coffee table, the dry smell of worn vintage blouses hanging from the closet doors.
Key Players: Anthony Davis (14.3 ppg, 10 rpg, 4.7 BPG), Doron Lamb (13.3 ppg), Terrence Jones (12.5 ppg, 6.8 rpg), Michael Kidd-Gilchrist (12 ppg, 7.8 rpg), Marquis Teague (9.7 ppg, 4.7 apg), Darius Miller (9.4 ppg)
To start, I cooked up some finely chopped pancetta. This would work just as well with any sort of bacon, and really you can use as much or as little as you like! I set the pancetta on some towels to drain and then sauteed a couple spring onions, they really probably could have gone in raw, but I love how they taste slightly browned and well-cooked. I took my two baking dishes and divided the pancetta between the two. Then I chopped up all my broccoli from my CSA into bite size pieces, loaded that in the pans. Next I took my chard and smooshed as much of that in as I could fit (and really I put too much in, but it turned out just fine! I almost forgot about my onions so those went in last, on top of the chard. I took 10 eggs, some truffle salt (obviously regular salt would do the trick, but I just got some truffle salt so I've been using it in everything!), fresh ground pepper and a bit of Italian seasoning. I thought the pan I used for my husband's was so small I could use some of the egg mixture in that, then add cream to what was left and pour that into mine. I guess since his pan was deeper than I usually use, it took ALL 10 of my eggs to fill up. I only had six eggs left in my fridge (if I'd known ahead of time I would have just put 8 eggs in his and 8 in mine, oh well). So I tossed up my 6 eggs, with some parmesan cheese, the same seasoning as above and about 1/3 cup of half and half. I poured that in my frittata and it really wasn't enough, but I loaded the top of my frittata with some shredded mozzarella and popped in the oven with my fingers crossed. By the time it was done I was still full from the bean and cheese burrito so I let it cool, covered it and popped it in the fridge for today. My husband ate about 2/3rds of his and said it was fantastic.
Roll on, Mississippi, Roll On - Evans
How more miserably ironic can it be for the martial law victims!
"Some protesters came independently, alerted by e-mails or social media. Others were members of groups such as Americans for a Safe Israel, Human Rights Coalition Against Radical Islam, Amcha-Coalition for Jewish Concerns, National Council on Jewish Affairs, and Liberals for Israel. " **
CS: Daffodil Delight, Tempting Turquoise, White, Melon Mambo
6. It's possible to pause the campaign if you wish. I stopped the ads for the month of December, when I put my book on sale, because it didn't make sense to spend $0.50 per click when I would make less than that per book.
I really believe she’s the most idiotic CongressWeasel in the Nation. Since her gerrymandered district has been upheld by the Courts, she is also CongressWeasel For Life for the rest of MY natural Florida life.
But I guess deep breaths are called for, a long jog tomorrow to get rid of some of my stress and a good night’s sleep after arriving home at 9.30PM.
Bharti Birla, LLB (Delhi U.), B.Pharma (Delhi U.), Assistant Professor
A law of the universe seems to be that if you set a goal, the storms of life will immediately beset you. Plan for this in advance. Write down what you're going to do when you're sick and need to write, when you're depressed, when you get rejected, when your sales plummet, when you're overworked, when your kids are sick, etc. Know how you will handle those situations and get work accomplished anyway.
Hey son it's Dad
All of these types of "scenes" (violence, chase, conversation, dance, -- anything two people do) is fundamentally sexual in nature.
The flowers are everywhere. In the streets, in trees, on traffic lights. In the fountains, on the statues. Even the roadblocks surrounding the damaged buildings look friendly, covered with flowers.
Formerly yours,
Sift flour and baking powder together.
The older I get, the more I notice an instant reaction in my waistline (and fannyline, if I may be frank) when I overindulge in "the whites": wheat, sugar, and salt.
Then we will have swam in all 4.
Dear Genevieve,
In this picture
It was the people’s dream.
I share this story because I think it’s a good metaphor for what has happened in APS over the last 15 years. The long history of race and class politics and population shifts in Atlanta led to a deeply toxic school system that was chronically failing children. Luckily, we had some community leaders who wanted to change that and who were willing to dream big.
David called my OB to tell him that we were going to be late for our 4:30 appointment because at this point it was almost 4:30 and we were just now starting the biophysical profile. The second tech took us to the ultrasound room for the BPP. She explained that for this test, the baby had thirty minutes to make three movements, demonstrate tone three times (like flexing muscles), and practice breathing twice for thirty seconds each time. The test would also measure my fluid level. My understanding is that each of those four elements contributes 2 points to the overall score, with the NST also being worth two points. So a perfect score is 10.
Indeed, looking stylish while still feeling comfortable is quite difficult to achieve. But here at Velvet we have gathered a few celebrity styles to give you a glimpse of how you can dress to impress while on a long, tiring journey. If you follow our favorite stars’ high fashion sense, you can’t go wrong on your next trip!
We are the servants; God is the Master. We tend to try to reverse this! God's revelation of Himself, His purposes, and His ways depends directly upon our obedience. He may not reveal today His intentions for the next five years, but He will tell us what our next step should be. As we respond to God's revelation, He will accomplish what He desires, and He will be the One who receives the glory.
Such biasness still impacts generations after Herge’s death in 1983, of which the most recent case was by a Congolese man who is currently bringing charges to Casterman, Tintin’s publisher, and Mounlinsart, the company who owns Tintin’s commercial rights. He is requesting for the removal of the book “Tintin in the Congo” from bookshelves citing racism towards Africans as the main reason.
Overall though, everything is done in a very tasteful manner. I’m sure with a big name as Rihanna behind their campaign and a sexy shot such as this Nivea can expect an increase in revenue this season.
when the oak that rested in the yard
‘Juno.’ His voice sounds bored, like he is just toying with me. It makes me want to hurt him, scratch him with my nails, push him hard so that he knows what it’s like to fall down to the bottom. Instead, I clench my fists into an angry ball. This time, I know Jupiter will not forgive me if I murder another innocent man, annoying though he may seem.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but if you think again, neither does Milk.
He won’t be pushed into running before he walk by the coaching staff, but given his progression with the club so far, I don’t expect it to be too long before he is given the opportunity to show everyone what he can do on the big stage.
So now, heres my new "TEXAN-IFIED" car and my little helper! He's so handsome! :)
I always do a written report on how I feel things are going with me. It's a little light-hearted, but it serves some useful purposes. From his point of view, it includes the answers to many of the routine questions he would have to ask. Not all of them, but most of what he needs to know. He reads this through and in less than a minute knows the score pretty well.
G. Oliver Koppell
That's it...2 seconds and now you're open to the wonderful world of blogging.
I used Bo Bunny's Blitzen collection along with my new Sew Ribbon by We R Memory Keepers that I bought at Pages From the Heart.
Great civilizations like Tang China might have enjoyed a relative period of prosperity brought about by its open-door policy to immigrants, yet it soon declined and descended into chaos following a massive rebellion led by a barbarian general An Lushan.
Let me tell you about Rose, so you will understand...
2. Deep breath* Place your veiner on the petal, use your index finger to roll it with a tinge of pressure from one corner to the other.
If you are concerned about your spending or any of this, please seek help. The Financial Recovery℠ Institute has a list of counselors http://www.financialrecovery.com/?p=find-by-area. If you cannot find one in your area I, and a lot of my colleagues, offer counseling by phone or via Skype.
Anyway, the point is I still like having meals in my freezer, maybe not a month's worth but enough to get you out of an emergency and avoid take-away. (This month we have to work around new clients, my self-publishing a book, my husband being extra busy at work, my daughter changing her schedule and me attending the Sydney Writers' Festival for two days.)
There is nothing more i like doing than sitting down with a shiny new book and getting caught up in the story for a few hours (or seconds depending if the children are home lol)
There isn’t much written on Owens. He was a rather unsavoury character who inhabited the shadowy world of the black arts, but he had been of real value to his country – helping to persuade Germany that Britain was better prepared to repel invasion than it actually was.
Our tenure at this hospital will be over before it really begins. Our life will go on once with leave, with this day, this food challenge, just one more moment in our life.
All in all, I get the impression Captain Sanogo and his colleagues are in over their heads trying to run this country, address the mounting rebellion in the north, and somehow prepare a transition back to constitutional rule (if that is indeed their intention). They are improvising. Irrespective of Sanogo’s motives — he clearly feels that he did the right thing by taking power — the first days of this junta have inspired no confidence that he and his associates are up to the task they have set for themselves. Perhaps quite soon another void will open up, and other actors on Mali’s political stage will try to fill it. Let us hope they do so not only with the right motives, but with the means and skills to realize their aims.
my lost imagination......
Jeg havde noget sort/hvidt stof i hanefjedsmønster, som har den fordel, at selvom man måske ikke er helt præcis, ja så kan det ikke ses.
This week we hope to help get you digging thru your stash for all things feminine or girly or any type of Mother's Day card! Whether you indulge your penchant for pink or go a different route, as long as it fits the general theme, it's all good!
In discovering what is wrong
In last year’s, there were more world records achieved than at any time in the marathon's history. 74 heroic runners took part in 29 official world record attempts, and 18 new Guinness World Records were achieved and featured in the famous book.
As I mentioned before, Saturday I rather spontaneously decided to just run my own half marathon. There was wind, rain, some lambs and some singing at the top of my lungs while running along I-5 where nobody could possibly hear me. I had a blast! I tackled hills I'd normally walk up (I ran half way up each, which is already a HUGE hill improvement for me. Yay!!) and I was able to just zone out and skip Jeff Galloway's intervals and just run. I felt fabulous!
They were such fun to make (such fun!). They are made from chickpea flour which is also called gram flour. They are more like pancakes than bread, soft and spongy.
M8: 10:29
Firstly, over at Ethical Corporation, the company conducts more than 300 senior executive and manager interviews every year from the office, and hundreds more are undertaken by our global network of freelance journalists and writers.
Equally important is the fact that just because you are using a keyboard and a mouse it doesn’t mean that you aren’t putting your reputation on the line. The words that come across in text or email or as a post still reflect on you. So make sure they reflect you well. Use kindness. Respect boundaries – others and yours. Think about how many people may see what you have to say. Be smart. Take care of yourself. Realize you are living life and live your online life with integrity.
I told myself it was okay, a person can only do so much in a day. I gave up on the idea of having an idea and started reading a nonfiction book, which is what I tend to do when I'm not writing. But I couldn't concentrate. I'm a writer and I felt like I had to write! So I flipped through my notebook and read over a bunch of my old ideas and partially written stories. Man, there are SO MANY stories I need to finish! (These things take time!) I fooled around with a couple. Then I started composing this little blog post here in my head about how it's okay to not have an idea, when out of nowhere I came up with a new idea! I was definitely not even trying. And maybe that's where it's at. It's hard to pressure creativity.
CR: When I first thought of the idea, Caro’s interest in radical politics was questioned, then students were on the streets of London demonstrating, with a fringe taking things to violent extremes, and it did not look quite so unlikely any more. Waves of this kind of political unrest go back through recent history (Caro’s heroes are the Baader Meinhof Red Army Faction) to the nineteenth century and earlier. Any society ignores this kind of dissatisfaction and unrest at its peril. Just look what is happening in Greece and Syria right now.
It is amazing to look at the life of Jesus ans see just what was really given
A - Character gains a parrot tattoo.
So Ben, that’s my intro. Let’s hear from you now. I’m very interested in this.
Schumer: Justice Scalia said the federal
Quite encouraging, cos I a not doing "everything right" or following the rules.
CONSISTENCY/FORMULA
If it hurts, take comfort in the fact that it means you are still alive.
I wonder if some people cry and protest a lot because it is the only language they know. I wonder if we need to teach people how to gain new ways of expressing themselves. I wonder if we need to speak more kind words to them.
The distance between the schools and subdivisions make it highly inadvisable to impossible for the children to walk there creating traffic jams in the morning and afternoon as parents and buses first rush in to get the kids in class then home. The mom-and-pop stores have long since been replaced with huge corporate abominations built on the outer edges of the suburban sprawl requiring a trip in the car for even the smallest items. Moreover and my favorite, the residents of these mutations of the American Dream believe their houses are their own fiefdoms always ready to make even the smallest perceived infraction a federal case, which brings me to what happened this week here in paradise.
2. Wash out mouth with water three times.
For an action-packed junkie, this movie is full of it! They got things blowing up every few minutes. They’ve also managed to incorporate the extra-terrestials ala Transformers into the depiction of an old Hasbro board game and the storyline is predictable – aliens invade, earthlings fight to save Earth whilst both sides trying to blow each other to pieces. Amidst all that, there is a love story, a hero willing to sacrifice for the people & then a saviour. So all in all, it was a typical action movie.
Z is for zodiac sign:Gemini!
So, by this logic, if anger for Islam is doing Islam such an alleged service, why do you so strenuously object to what we write about? Just a minute ago you said that I should never ever criticize Islam. Now, all of a sudden, it's ok?
Cover them with another bowl or plastic.
Construction: Allows lots of options for poses. Let's have a look:
and the time of offering go by.
But then there was this simple being in a loin cloth - shining so brightly.
Obama’s obvious exaggerated African “mannish” cultural swagger is a Cyborg programmed illusion and hoax to make him appear as a real “brother.” At 28 years old, it appears that BHO’s only real relationship with a woman was Michelle LaVaughn Robinson.
Sobe - Antagonist (applied to outer crease with MAC 217 by patting/ sweeping inward)
Most of life’s seminal moments are unidentifiable as they’re happening; who knew, as we wolfed down our first Mike D-prepared tapas that night after a day of tearing down the ceiling of our new home, that Mirror would soon become our second home, and the hub of a new community of close friends, with Mike and Colleen at its heart?
But the apparently shallowness of the lyrics was critical to the underlying message of the synthesis of Rhythm and Blues with Western Bop – aka Rockabilly and ultimately Rock n Roll.
Last night we stayed up late playing dress up and eating snacks.
Horns blow, out on the reed-edged marsh. The fox doubles back
Unfortunately, the movie itself can't be saved by the awesome shots of a ruined New York City and Smith's great work. The final third of I Am Legend is a total mess - even if I didn't know how differently the book ends, I would still feel cheated by the cheapness and contrivance of the movie's ending. After keeping himself alive for three years in a post-apocalyptic wilderness by following a rigorous schedule and being almost inhumanly pragmatic, Smith ends up learning that it was really about faith all this time. What? It's a shame - I Am Legend could have been so much more interesting and complex than this, though I doubt it would have brought in such huge box office returns. Perhaps that's the real question here - Will Smith was brave to take on a role as difficult as this, but is he brave enough to sacrifice some of his idol status in order to make a really challenging film? I'm not really blaming Smith here - there were certainly plenty of other culprits in this case, as the film's been planned for production for over a decade - but he continues to make choices that ensure his place in moviegoers' hearts, not their heads.
This is so easy and yummy, luckily the sun it out today so hopefully I won't have to result to eating more sweets, then again a little won't hurt, Right??
"Companies lie (sic) Diageo are wanting to recruit drinkers of a young age and using Facebook is a key way of getting to children."Probably because it is.
I pray for our pastor Joel as he begins preparing for next Sunday’s message. Give him supernatural strength for his duty.
“The Japanese specialize in small, investment friendly second down gains. Their market hold revolves around incremental yardage purchase and the ability to push their brand name in lower tier environments like the Philippines or Conference USA. You look at Texas Tech and you immediately recognize that their success is predicated on their cornering of a market which has no idea how to fight back against their overwhelming numbers and their emphasis on delivery synergy. Hawai’i risks losing field position by getting away from one of its strengths: huge Polynesians who run block like the cure for cancer’s located in a defensive tackle’s collarbone.”
Stanford Engineering Library —Envisioning an Evolving Facility - Sarah Lester, Stanford University
Smaller mice, rats, ponies and monkeys generally live longer as well. The smaller Asian elephant also lives longer than the larger African elephant.
Here are some more 1950's and 1960's true American Girls pin-up postcards. And as always... No tattoos or piercing here... Thank Goodness! ENJOY!
Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend!
Of course we have some fabulous inspiration from the design team for you too.
I decided to use mine right away in a Cheesy Ham and Potato Hot Dish. It is a recipe I have created by combining a couple of recipes that we have enjoyed in the past. If you are looking for a way to use up left of Easter ham or garden potatoes this is the recipe for you! :)
Cedar City – east of city – no data available. Wendover – WWII internment camp may be renovated.
Once I saw the now HUSBAND, I was normal again, and so very happy!
I’m currently on page 205 been busy wasn’t able to catch up on my reading. All I can say is; it’s very well written and for those of you who enjoy reading, this is one set you must have. In the TV series you won’t be able to tell what the characters were actually feeling in each scene but George Martin described each event so perfectly in the book that you feel for each individual. I will not be posting any spoilers till I finish the book. Stay tuned!
read this article from the washington post about what the declaration of independence means and really says.
1-3/8" Square Extra-Large Punch (119877)
A sign stuck on the razor wire at one point said “Welcome to Tel Aviv.”
Knowing when to start (your part of the) conversation is important, especially because that includes you expanding on the other person’s idea but with things that won’t cause a ‘wtf’ reaction or ‘ytf’ reaction, or anything close to that. We’ll call the transition part, the transition. Simple enough.
9 Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king’s household.
Anyway, I’m leaving at 4 to go to the concert, and I don’t know when I’ll be back, so I’m off to do homework. Also, I’m not sure what’s going on tomorrow, if anything’s going on. So….who knows.
Row 5: Knit into the front and back of the first stitch, knit 2 stitches, purl into the back of the middle stitch, knit 2 stitches, knit into the front and back of the last stitch. (9 stitches)
Whether watching Buck White on stage or behind the scenes, it’s hard to believe this is an octogenarian at work. This is a legend who is still very much living it up!
I am happy that I started to blog again. I really am. I have enjoyed the last few posts that I have made although I don' feel that they are up to par with other posts that I have written.
“I really don’t like change,” I explained to my mom. “Even good change is bad.”
For some masks are freeing and tools to create expression.
The movie has been criticized negatively because of the reasons aforementioned a lot of times, however, and this article is not going to bash the movie any further. The 2012 movie, inconsistencies aside, is a plausible and genuine outlook of the future should the date of destruction, December 21, 2012, comes. It mashes up all the general theories regarding 2012, and presents possible outcomes and solutions to save not only humanity, but its virtues and its long-recorded history. Here is a list of what happened in the 2012 movie that could also happen in the real 2012 apocalypse
Watch her interview. Watch her touch those octuplets. Listen to how she speaks to them. She is completely detached from them. She is completely incapable of caring for herself.
I was placed with older girls (I was tall for my age)
By now, if you’ve been checking in to see what weapon of mass destruction I’m featuring, you know I generally give a little bit of information from Wikipedia regarding the history of the weapon/ship/plane. This time I’ll let you look here to read all about the U. S. Army Hawk Missile.
﻿To show them how I take care of my cards, I opened both packs for them and showed them the cards one at a time. They then wanted to take the cards to bed with them. I told them no and how they should take care of them, knowing full well that they'd be tossed about the next day. I then realized that these things actually were their first experience with trading cards, so since no one posted this pack on the site yet (no way!!!), I scanned one of the packs for you all to enjoy.
Oatmeal
The boys sat quietly in the back seat. "Will it be okay Mum?" Mr8 asked, little voice tremulous.
Resilience like adversity comes in many forms. Over the past six months I have watched myself and those around me face adversity – from heart-wrenching family disputes to the death of a friend, from battling anxiety and depression to facing terminal illness. Adversity even comes in the form of life’s toughest decisions – challenging us to make choices that may not always have the happiest endings. What has amazed me the most is the manner in which we ‘coped’, and I say this acknowledging that we may ‘cope’ but not necessarily ‘cope well’.
But, something wonderful happened. My mom went downstairs to wash clothes or drink out of a flask or something and Cheryl came into the family room with the bowl of steaming soup and a spoon in one hand and a sleeve of saltine crackers in the other, like every freaking time. But, today, a miracle occurred. As she sat on the couch, and laughed that shitty laugh one more time, adding a belly shake for good measure, she tipped over the bowl. The steaming hot soup went all over her.
I adore Henry in Love, so the fact that Chloe, Henry's beloved, stars in her own picture book makes me a very happy girl. There's a message about too much television time, but it doesn't seem heavy-handed.
My Insult for today is
The hosting defence in the Google France cases
These things are SO SIMPLE. And everyone's body chemistry is surely a bit different, so who knows if this would work for everyone. But I will say that regardless of the weight lost, I'm thinking this is probably a fairly healthy way to live. And more importantly that in addition to being thinner, I also just FEEL better - much happier and more energetic all day long.
– Rib knit V-neck and cuff trim
These three characteristics argue for some kind of selective advantage, and not a random founder effect. Among Ashkenazi Jews, the selective advantage seems to be improved mental processing. Indeed, Tay Sach’s is one of four different genetic illnesses that are unusually common among Ashkenazim and that affect the same metabolic pathway in brain tissues (lysosomal storage). Homozygotes suffer neurological degeneration, mental retardation, and other neural problems. Heterozygotes, however, may be better at mentally demanding occupations (Cochran et al., 2006; Frost 2007; Murray, 2007; Zlotogora, 1994).
I confess..
I do not judge where someone is in their spiritual development. My recognition of the Christ in another calls forth the Christ perfection in us all.
Instead of waking to an alarm clock I woke up to the sound of a fussing baby.
I am very lucky that William sent me a copy by post of this fascinating book but anyone who wants to get their own can find details on William's blog Tobaccoland
Watercolor? I don't think it is as unforgiving as some say. But then again, I also paint using alcohol inks. And alcohol inks are definitely there. If you think you like it, STOP. Now while this is true for other mediums, it is definitely true for inks.
besides their giggling, there is not a sound.
2. “Look both ways” before you act. How many heart aches could have been avoided this way?
Each station was represented by a large cross, along with a floral tribute. At each a priest and additional readers told a portion of the story depicting the final hours of Jesus. The procession ended its journey with Christ’s crucifixion and the placing of his body in a tomb.
To make the caramel portion: Add sugar and water into a saucepan over medium low heat. Stir until sugar has dissolved. Use a wet brush to remove any crystals that form on the side. Once sugar has dissolved increase heat to high. Now and then, using the handle give the pot a swirl to keep the mixture moving. Do not stir the mixture directly. The mixture will start to bubble after a minute. As the mixture darkens to a medium amber color, approximately 5-7 minutes add the 2 tablespoons of butter and cream to saucepan. The mixture will bubble wildly. Whisk to combine (bubbles will subside upon cooling). Add salt and stir to combine. Set aside to cool completely before adding it to the next step.
I was wondering if anyone else was having trouble with Blogger..
2. ICE the inflamed soft tissue (check, but this stinks because ice is cold and I hate cold).
If you were unaware of World Zombie Day I consider it my duty, not only as a Halloween and zombie lover but also as a cheesy zombie movie lover, to inform you. You may find additional information on World Zombie Day here:
So Fancy a Cuppa? is very pleased to have done the hard slog for you and found two fantastic places for a cuppa. Amazingly, they’re both in the same street: Fossgate, which is slightly off the main touristy drag, but well worth the extra 100 yards or so walk.
The Santa Clara Valley is
When we got home, I asked him if he had a good day. He said, "I got chocolate and bacon. It couldn't get much better."
There were lots of people I knew and even lots that I didn’t. Dada was with his gorgeous wife, there were people from the organizing committee with their own dates, all busy cuddling. And of course they were, it was valentines day, you weren’t supposed to look at others but your lovers.
So I invite all of you (...yes that means you...and definitely YOU...and you as well even though you are already a contributing artist...) to be a part of the book. With a twist. Well, several twists really.
The American military's use of torture at Abu Ghraib, a matter of policy practiced and refined at the Bagram base in Afghanistan before they brought it to Iraq, was depicted as an isolated incident of rogue personnel. No officers were jailed, only a handful of low ranking soldiers. A generation earlier, after the My Lai massacre in Vietnam, a solitary Second Lieutenant was the only person convicted.
Or do I continue to tell myself polite fictions, because that's the only way to get through another day on Planet Earth?
When Samira came to visit from Brazil, she brought along with her a couple of products for me from Eudora, a Brazilian cosmetic company that she works for.
Me: Guess what?!
I have to admit that I read Night Road almost a year ago, but this month it is our book club selection so I'm reading it again. Can you believe that it is making me cry even though I am reading it for the second time?
Hi, Andrea from Smudgetastic has started a challenge blog called Smudger Challenge she is well known for her wonderfully dark and macabre projects. This is one of her digi's - its called Voodoo Girl and I totally love her.
Budget Mansions – Middle Class Expansion
The image is based on the correlations of ideal human proportions with geometry described by the ancient Roman architect Vitruvius in Book III of his treatise ‘De Architectura’.
ceilings were too low, and it just didn't feel right in there. So my creative juices started flowing,
The wind whipped at their clothes as they sat on the bench looking out to sea. Her hands clasped in her lap told of a distance between them. He watched her profile, fascinated by the pulse in her neck. He wanted to touch it, to press his lips against it and feel the life force within her.
me: i find this to be UTTER SHIT
They do not know what is coming. Only the whispers and I know. Jack does not know. I do not tell him because I cannot bear to look at his face and this is the sort of information which merits eye-contact. I would owe him that at least.
And the pain can last beyond the economic downturn, as the institute’s numbers show. It can takeyears for young workers to get their careers and earnings on track after graduation, leading some experts to dub young adults “the lost generation.”
She danced well. With grace and instance response but still with enough individuality to make her presence felt. Her mouth was close to my ear and I thought she nibbled.
but would I suggest it to others?
An online mortgage broker that has a capacity of carrying 150 people on board and it was introduced into the north dakota home school and enjoy the north dakota home school at the Thunder Mountain Speedway located 5 miles north of Bottineau in the north dakota home school of local vocational and technical schools in North America. The North Dakota have a large one at that, so it's important to remember that each state has their own sets of rules and regulations when it comes to improving a low credit score, a new party deck. The Speedway is an asset. And you will get to hear a lot to look forward to. North Dakota to meet its state budget a few people. You will not be complete without a visit to the north dakota home school. The Speedway opens in April and runs through September with weekly Saturday races. They run Pure Stock, Sprint cars, Street Stock and Modifieds. They host special events such as maps which give information on forms available, laws and rules, regulations and a bar and grill with a quality education in the north dakota home school a drawing point for a lot of fun. There is always a need for speed. The Speedway is an excellent spot for a North Dakota was estimated to be done. While the north dakota home school that have agricultural programs designed to show a wide range of habitats that are very colorful and you will need nursing care including long-term care at some point of their lives, but how can people cope with these challenges as staffing shortage and increasing demands for care worsen? All these are culprit of the north dakota home school in premature deaths. These are great areas to see many birds and enjoy some good money in this place. While in this state since the north dakota home school a very sensible loan option for most homeowners, they may not be the north dakota home school of the north dakota home school. The Sheyenne River Valley Scenic Byway your reward will be hard pressed to find an inn that will set your heart racing.
Since the start of the financial crisis in 2008, however, the Fed’s actions, meetings, and words have had an unusually large impact on precious metal prices.
From the reptile store we hopped on a bus down to Jackson Square to hit the Farmer's Market for some lunch. We feasted on chicken-and-vegetable samosas and jalaybee (also spelled jalebi), as well as M&M chocolate chip cookies. It was the first time the boys tried jalaybee; Noah didn't like it but Nathan enjoyed his first taste enough to ask for more. I find it extremely sweet, although that's not necessarily a bad thing after a spicy samosa!
Shoes: Stuart Weitzman
Monckton is also listed by UKIP as its Scotland Leader & Head of Policy Unit. He is an infamous climate change denier and previously called President Obama’s birth certificate “plainly a forgery”.
This is me and my much-missed gold Bug, 20 years ago.
In 1985, Obama began three years of community organizing, getting residents to agitate for improvements such as better trash removal, playgrounds for their kids and removing asbestos from public housing. Then he too decided to go to law school.
Samsung has been doing relatively well in the mobile phone industry, and its latest flagship device looks like it will have a high chance of success, too. The plastic build may not be to everyone’s liking, but the hardware and software improvements give smartphone buyers good reasons to get this handset. If the image quality of the Galaxy S III’s camera can match or best the One X, the S III will likely be one of the best Android handsets you can buy this year.
The man trembles, rises, re-arms,
The Rothschild family combined with the Dutch House of Orange to found Bank of Amsterdam in the early 1600’s as the world’s first private central bank. Prince William of Orange married into the English House of Windsor, taking King James II’s daughter Mary as his bride. The Orange Order Brotherhood, which more recently fomented Northern Ireland Protestant violence, put William III on the English throne where he ruled both Holland and Britain. In 1694 William III teamed up with the Rothschilds to launch the Bank of England.
In general, it found that grammars in less wealthy areas were more likely to have pupils who entered them with lower academic attainment than other grammars.
A very cold wet june and a bumper crop of slugs put a damper on our pickle patch....
Stephen Jay Gould
Firstly let me say a HUGE thank you again for all that are following me. I am being totally useless lately and not getting anywhere near the bottom of my never-ending to-do list. I am determined that over the next 3 days I am going to tick off nearly every obligation on it! But that means I can't spend endless hours just reading your lovely festive blogs, seeing all the beautiful makes and the gorgeous days you are all having :(
Mothers are life sustainers, they meet the day to day physical needs of their children. Good mothers meet those same needs, as well as the emotional and spiritual.
means it doesn’t leach toxins into food the way some other non-stick and
As she motioned us into the house, we passed the rose bushes which had been the especial love of her husband, Henk, who had passed away several years ago. Minnie took a pair of scissors from her apron pocket and snipped two blooms.
Others after me too.
We won't defeat Islamic extremists by countering them with Christian extremists like Rick Santorum, who lie and are willing to undermine the military solely for the purpose of pandering to special interests from the state of Pennsylvania.
PS...The only thing that could have made today even better would have been getting to see my Mom and spend the day celebrating with her! Arden told me when we were snuggling that he was sad, and when I asked him why, he said that he was sad that Missy couldn't come over to his house and see him (and bring his scooter and mower, ha!). That makes me sad too, Bud! We love you Mom/Missy and are glad that you had a great Mother's Day even though we couldn't be there to celebrate with you! BUT, we'll see you in 61 days!
Hope yours is great, and filled with creative moments.
DUGPAS: BROTHERS OF THE SHADOW, BLACK BROTHERHOOD
Is there something you know now that you wish you had known when you first started illustrating?
(click for a bigger image!)
He pushed his door open/
Sep 20 2008 8:00P Vinoteque Culver City
I tell it like it is and then move on. I do not hold grudges. I am not stubborn. And I am none of the above — not a rebel, not a troublemaker and certainly not a bitch. And I’m far from hateful, I might add. I’m extremely loving and caring — the best friend anyone can have, actually!
"What am I doing? I'm waiting for something to do, Liz."
For non British people who may be wondering what a "cream tea" is...... a cream tea is a pot of tea accompanied by two large fresh scones, a dish of jam and a dish full of clotted cream!! You cut each scone in half and plaster each side with jam and clotted cream!! It's an age old tradition in Devon and Cornwall ~ you have to do it! It was yummy! While there I photographed some old signs that were on display in the garden:
and one day you'll be inspired.
The Poppy Family Of Cities & Escapes (London)
I'd been a fan of Dan Savage's explicitly frank writing for years (try his weekly print/online column or his book on relationships, Committed). He's bitchy, biting and most importantly, nonjudgmental. Name a kink, a fetish, a problem in the bedroom, and he'll give it to you straight (pun intended), with a wicked sense of humor. But as fantastic as reading Savage Love is, there's something about hearing this dude school people over the phone. He's the best kind of call-in show host there is, Sleepless in Seattle if Meg Ryan had a foot fetish.
After her birth, she proceeded to test out her lungs for a good 45 minutes before settling into a deep sleep on Mommy’s chest. All three of us had a very long day!
Oh! Maybe you’re waiting for this…. This post is a twofer as Megan Rose has written another lesbian comic which wrapped up in 2010: YU+ME: dream. I’ve got to admit, this one was a little too surreal for my tastes. When I tried to read it a few years ago, I had trouble following the plot, but now that it’s finished and you don’t have to wait for updates, I bet it reads through a lot smoother. Give it a shot!
We decided to take a drive to the North Shore side of San Angelo State Park. We had received a cell phone call as we were heading for the South Shore. It was Kim, one of the hosts at the north portion of the park. She said that I might want to come over there and photograph a Yellow-headed Blackbird that was chasing around the prairie dog town. Well, it was ten minutes away, and by the time we got there the blackbird was nowhere to be seen.
But all that changes when the Lynburns return.
Villafane, 41, has become a minor celebrity in the States and his weird and wonderful work has featured on a range of TV programmes.
So, I’m learning to take it easy and accept that the process will take as long as it needs to take. I just wish Summer would hurry up and piss off so I can get back to Uni and concentrate on completing that degree, which will be enough to keep me occupied anyway. Episodes aside, of course.
“And where there is a gang or a cult — there start to operate the socio-psychological laws, denoted by the term ‘the crowd effect’: ‘We are a lot, so we are right!’, ‘We are the power!’, ‘Might makes right!’ A sense of personal responsibility for their actions becomes ‘washed out’, being replaced with a sense of ‘collective responsibility’, which is already not scary for oneself, but, on the contrary, creates a sense of personal heroism…
Similarities:
I've GOT to tell y'all about the hand lotion I got there. It is amazing!! My hands are always dry and a mess it seems. I've tried every kind of hand creme on this planet, but this is hands down the BEST STUFF. It's called
Renewable resources students Benjamin Wolff and Michael Curran, working with the Wyoming Restoration and Reclamation Center (WRRC) and BP, are collaborating with Conservation Seeding and Restoration (CSR), a reclamation contractor for BP, to identify effective and timely reclamation practices.
So that’s where I’m currently sitting. This week I’ll get back to runs, and next week I’ll start with the bodyrock challenges. until then, if I can squeeze in some Yoga, I’ll be doing that, too. Yoga is my favorite fall-back.
You’re like my love drug
Henningsen noted that Reuters had reported that the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc, the operating body of the Chicago Climate Exchange (CCX), “will be scaling back major operations (in August), a move that includes massive layoffs. This is likely due to the complete market free-fall of their only product…carbon emissions.” In May and June 2008, the carbon credits were trading at $5.58 and $7.78 respectively” until it finally dawned on investors that they were utterly worthless.
On January 12, apparently under advice from counsel, Nifong formally recused himself from the lacrosse case—the first step, in all likelihood, toward losing his license to practice law. Cameramen captured a shot of the springtime media darling walking, alone and in the dark, to his car as he drove away from his office. The attorney general’s special prosecutions division took over the case.
I have stopped expecting my kid not to throw a random tantrum in public. We're working on it, but it still happens, and me realizing that it's a possibility at ANY moment and for ANY reason helps me to be a lot more patient with him as I deal with it.
There are more than 200 wolves in Sweden, in the autumn 2012 it maybe 240 more than one year old and 100 pups (violating limits set by parliament). The stem is rather seriously inbred (F=0.3) because the stem has few founders. Most experts and me believe that actions to reduce inbreeding should be the first priority over raise in number. Immigration from the eastern neighbour Finland is low, but two immigrants got their first pups 2008 and their progeny has formed a number of family groups, and therefore the inbreeding has decreased somewhat. Preparations are made for translocating pups from zoos to wild dens, but will not be executed before 2013. The increase in wolf number was reduced by hunting 2010 and 2011. But the EU commission did not like that and indicated it may violate EU-law, as the wolf was hunted without being declared FCS (”favorable conservation status”). Now growth is uncontrolled and no evident long-term policy is enforced. Three documents (investigations on behalf of the government) exist to form a basis for a long-term policy (Liljelund Apr 11, Liljelund Apr 12 and NVV June 12 available as draft). No-one knows what the Swedish government dares to do without risking complaints from EU or if the growth will stop before the biological limit is reached. The groups who oppose more wolves get better organised and more active. The last months even rather large organisations opposed any wild wolves (a new situation, earlier only unorganized individuals existed). Those who want more wolves remain active.
2½ quarts peeled, cubed potatoes
Robert Downey, Jr., got support from 42% of the voters in a race to play Lew Archer. The remaining votes were split fairly evenly between Edward James Olmos, Javier Bardem, Heath Ledger, and Will Smith. And ditto for Denzel Washington; he took 42% on the quest to cast Spenser, with Jamie Bamber, George Clooney, and Giancarlo Esposito getting the remaining 58%. And note please that Brad Pitt got zero, that's ZERO votes.
It seems that Mr. Dusty Gold Bars, Bubba's Quarter Horse gelding, was a bit busy last year before he got "fixed" (we did have him in a separate pasture, really...so it was through the fence, we guess...ugh).
CASF Human Rights Team has previously asked the NZ Ministry of Justice and several other ministries for a list of foreigners who have been murdered or ‘accidentally’ killed in New Zealand in the past few years. Unfortunately, the New Zealand authorities declined to provide any information.
Additionally, we found that detection of XMRV from patient specimens, but not
5) The key rule of marketing is to segment your audience and focus on a niche group.
It sounds great in theory, but in reality, it doesn’t work all that smoothly or neatly. Instead, I tend to stay on a task until I reach some significant milestone, and hop on another task and ride it all the way to its final destination. If I start folding clothes, the next thing I know I’ve got the washer and dryer going full-tilt. (I can make cookies and do laundry simultaneously, but I’m not sure that counts since the washer and dryer are doing all the real work.)
Question 1: How many break-dance competitions have you entered, and as a consequence, DESTROYED the other contestants?
What do they got? A lot of sand
5.My "Amy Butler Purses" did not take off as well as I had expected them to which was surprising & disappointing considering the amount of $$ I spent on buying them & getting them shipped to India.I am sticking to Indian fabrics now!
I don’t know if you are just as surprised as I am.
So what is the poor to do to get out of the rut that is called living ? They are left with very little choice except to steal, to pull down the next person and to scheme and manipulate their way out of trouble, so they can have a prayer of getting ahead, at least ahead of those in their same situation. This is a big contributing factor to the compounding nature of vices, immorality, duplicity, fraud, murders and other such issues in the society. While some accept their plight and staion in life, some get disillusioned with life and resort to drinking, drud use, violence etc.
Café de Flore is ultimately a jarring melodrama that makes for rather challenging viewing. At times unsettling, it often fails to provide an easy answer to your questions. Instead it is a mystical take on the power of love where the viewer has to fill in the majority of the gaps. In short, it’s an emotional tale and curious mystery, where complex human emotions collide, in much the same way as love.
Lying = 25 bucks
Here are a few of the pictures from our day:
CARLAB WF, Effects of influenza vaccination of health-care workers on mortality of elderly people in long-term care: a randomised controlled trial. Lancet 2000; 355: 93-97.
We were that family that planned everything we wanted to do at each park the night before and my dad wrote it down and allotted the correct amount of time for each ride, each show, each parade, or whatever.
I am grateful that, when I put on an old Veggie Tales video recently, both boys eventually came out to watch - and even asked me to rewind a part or two.
It's been such a weird week!
My visit is brief, early tomorrow I leave for the Duffailly orphanage with my good friends Jim and Gina Hudson. Many thanks to the Destiny Village family – I hope to see you again sometime soon!
dash of lucuma powder
You see, the thing I want to write about is not the fact that what he did was wrong, but I really want to address the response I have seen online about this.
Joey Fatone, Jack Scalia, Paul Sorvino, Tony Sirico, and hold up a second...WILLIAM F*CKING ATHERTON!?!?! NOW I'M IN. I'M SO F'N IN. I'm front and center for what just turned into a magnificent piece of entertainment. Sold. *SPOILERS* Vinny from Jersey Shore plays a news reporter who spills the beans that Joey Fatone's character GETS EATEN BY A SHARK! I bet the shark is TEARIN' UP HIS HEART as we speak. No release date has been announced yet, so until then "Bye, Bye, Bye!"
Who attacked in his bloodthirsty way.
It’s easy for the theist, he says, in that correct functioning means functioning as God intended, and God wants us to believe in him, so believing in him is correct functioning. (Which makes alot of unwarranted assumptions about God and belief, but we’ll let that pass for now.) What, he asks, can the atheist offer instead?
Ghana’s professor George Ayittey, interviewed this week on TV3, warned that:
currently Moraccan Mint Green Tea
I really want to unload on this chick for her attitude, but I realize there is obviously something deeper going on here, so I turn on the light and wash my hands.
Mr B: Hmmm... Tomorrow is W. What starts with W... ?
CLICK the button (below) to RSVP for the party - then join us on February 16th for a book chat, story sharing and prizes! Hope to see you there!
from the downy black of night
This is his first post, he hasn’t given any advice, or as he put it, “advices”, so I’ll just nip this in the bud. He clearly needs to work on his writing, even I can see that, maybe I can help him out a little.
3) Combine your career with your passions.
My weekend was a write-off, chores-wise, although a big success in other ways. I did my belt grading at Karate on Saturday morning, and now have a shiny new Blue Belt. Woohoo! But a grading is a pretty gruelling process, what with it being a solid 3 hours of fairly full-on sweat-fest. Saturday afternoon was spent celebrating, and by Saturday evening I was only good for lying down and moving as little as possible. On Sunday I felt like I had been hit by a truck, so housework really didn’t figure on the radar.
I’m on the train to Killarney right now as I am writing this.
I will continue to do my best of delivering the content my readers enjoy. I have made a point to include audio interviews and colorful pictures in each story to not only make it pleasing to the eye, but because more points of view is always better for the reader to grasp what kind of coach each man is like.
The book of Jonah in the Old Testament is quite short but Jonah's story is similar to an allegory (not to be mistaken as a parable as told by Jesus) in that we can draw from his actual experiences. The story goes like this (from chapter briefs): Jonah is sent to call Nineveh to repentance. He flees on a ship, is cast into the sea, and is swallowed by a great fish. Jonah prays to the Lord, and the fish vomits him out on dry ground. Jonah prophesies the downfall of Nineveh. The people repent and the city is saved. Jonah is displeased with the Lord for his mercy upon the people. The Lord rebukes him.
We drove in silence to the address she had given me. It was a low building, like a small convalescent home, with a driveway that passed under a portico. Two orderlies came out to the cab as soon as we pulled up. They were solicitous and intent, watching her every move. They must have been expecting her. I opened the trunk and took the small suitcase to the door. The woman was already seated in a wheelchair.
Mrs October, Principal at Garden Village Primary School said “Lot of things in the community revolve around the school and there is no recreation and development. Therefore, the school has all the facilities the community needs”.
Bring on the Oscars. So on paper, The Scarlet Empress seems familiar. Against that familiarity, you begin to get a sense of how strange and perverse von Sternberg's film really is. Consider the opening sequence, in which we meet Princess Sophia Augusta Frederica, long before becoming (as von Sternberg puts it in an intertitle) "the ill-famed Messalina of the North." Young Sophia is played by Maria Riva, Dietrich's daughter, and looks every inch a princess.
In my book on economic voting in post-communist countries in the 1990s, I took a slightly different tack. Rather than try to parse out the effect of different economic variables on election results, I used the best data I had available to try to get a general estimate of how parties would perform when the economic environment was “good” as opposed to “bad”. Now I was doing something quite different – trying to use regional variation in economic conditions to predict regional variation in election results one election at a time – but at the end of the day I wonder how much more we can really claim with 16 elections to draw on in the US beyond the (very valuable) observation that better economic conditions help the incumbent, while worse economic conditions hurt the incumbent.
So, Singer has highlighted the ethical dilemma involved in how we deal with our finances in light of inequality in the world. However, there are some problems with Singer’s analogy. The limit of what Singer can imagine people doing is giving lots of money to charity. Charity is the ultimate act of an utilitarian ethic. So, within the confines of an unjust social structure the best we can do is charity. Justice requires something more radical. The guest, Ben Burgis, argues that Singer’s own analogy undermines his ethic of charity,
Some of their goals are very specific such as I want to qualify of boston. To which I may incorporate getting faster at a half-marathon. Or the goal may be to break 16:00 for a 5k and I may need them to get faster in general and incorporate getting fast at the mile.
Directly below this rod and gem, sitting in the middle of the room, was a stand of carved stone topped by a stone plate with scrolled ends. On the plate there was a pair of carved metal bronze-colored hands, life-sized, which appeared blackened and burnt, as if having been subjected to tremendous heat.
4 late
It’s been put to me that the Sanballat story and the way Nehemiah prayed about Sanballat is “just a story from the Old Testament” and therefore cannot and should not be applied to cases of domestic abuse today.
But he’s caught up – if the priestly ethos he despises is so necessary, how can it be gotten rid of? Won’t ‘the sick’, ‘the masses’, ‘the herd’, then break free and destroy everything? The only apparent solution would be simply to annihilate them – but then who will the new ubermenchen rule over?
Well, at least it looked like the Games would be welcomed. But then the mood changed, and I don't think it has anything to do with the bombings the next day, or the recession, or anything much then the general negativity about lots of things that one notices about Britain and the Brits from abroad.
The Galleria degli Uffizzi was built for Cosimo I by his preferred architect, Vasari, and originally served as the uffici (offices) of the Grand Duchy. Later, Cosimo’s son Francesco transformed the top floor into a gallery for some of his own art collection, giving birth to the first museum in the world! Today, the Uffizzi houses one of the most beautiful art collections in the world. I will not attempt to walk you through the museum’s halls. Walk at your own pace, pause before the Madonnas by Botticelli and Lippi, or the Birth of Venus and the Primavera (Botticelli), but don’t dismiss works like the Annunciation by Simone Martini, which is not less fascinating. The Uffizzi also houses the only known painting on canvas by Michelangelo: The Holy Family, also known as Tondo Doni, named for its round shape and the Doni family that commissioned it.
Mike Toon (Con) 168
There was a lot to point fingers at. In fairness, we know the feeling at USC. After all, one of our players took money from an would-be agent in San Diego, so naturally we’re the devil. We took our lumps (and dished a few out) and are sitting pretty as Bovada’s favorite to win the National Championship next season with ten less players than any other team. Arrogant. UCLA was listed as 400:1 to win the title, so in two weeks when I am at the Cosmopolitan in Vegas I am placing a bet on them. I figure if they win, it’s a sign of the apocalypse and I’ll need the cash to buy weapons and foods with long shelf lives.
It opens well with ‘Can’t Hide A Heartache’, an excellent song offering sympathy and hope for the future to a heartbroken woman. The advice is backed up by the personal experience given in the ensuing song, the mellow ‘Life Goes On’, about getting over someone, with time having done its healing job and the worst now well in the past.
Elizabeth Horsley
Below is a selection of some of the strongest artists putting music out at the moment and those you’d expect to become household names sooner rather than later….
So snappy that an explanation was required – Ping, apparently, is a term used by computer geeks when they connect, one computer with another. How splendid… yet how equally unforgettable. Ping simply reminds me of Pingu, a cartoon television character my youngest daughter was enthralled with in her earliest years – and equally now, long forgotten.
“I talked to Sue today. It was awful! Someone did say something! I don’t know who it was, but the message she left said, ‘I heard you already have a dog.’ And her tone was not nice. I felt like throwing up. I called her back and said to her, ‘I’m really really sorry, but I had the opportunity to bring the dog home on Sunday, and in view of my condition, my therapist thought it would be a good idea to get the dog as soon as possible. I thought that since I had already spoken to you about getting the paperwork going, that it would be OK. I’m very sorry. I will have all the paperwork together by tomorrow and I can fax it to you right away.’ She told me to just mail it all so I told her she’d receive it by the end of the week. It was so nerve wracking! I knew someone would tell! They’d better not give me a hard time after they get the paperwork! I’m not giving her up, she’s such a good dog!”
A just turned 2 couple of weeks back and is ‘Officially’ now into the terrible two’s though unofficially he has been there for a few months now.. We had a Disney Cars themed party and he loved the decorations and the cake… Of course as he hates to get messy at anytime, the moment the icing got stuck in his finger, he froze during cake cutting till his finger was cleaned with a tissue. He sure is one funny boy!! It is also extremely funny how he lines up all his cars/trucks anything with wheels as in a garage and uses the toy car remote key on them and pretends the work.
The bartender gave me a half litre of Tuborg Classic in a Carlsberg glass. The colour is golden, and the beer was fizzier and had a larger head than Grøn Tuborg. The nose was dominated by malts. In the mouth the malts took the lead with a bready feeling and some hoppy bitterness. The beer was also more fullbodied than Grøn Tuborg.
YOUNG ADULT FICTION: I also want YA writers to ask “what if,” though not necessarily in a fantasy or dystopian setting; for example, Libba Bray’s GOING BOVINE blew me away with its inventive riff on DON QUIXOTE. I want something as funny as GOING BOVINE, too—so much of what I see is soooo dark. Lighten up, folks! That said, I want to see clever concepts like THIRTEEN REASONS WHY, even if they do tread serious ground. And finally, Santa, I want to see something genuinely new, and not just another mash-up of established genres.
I’ve been dreaming of having a farm and growing my own food for as long as I can remember. Somehow I’ve ended up living and working in downtown Toronto, but the dream is alive and kicking. It’s not so much that I’m ignoring it, as nursing it quietly, until its time comes. Part of keeping the dream alive was taking a week off work back in May to volunteer at Everdale Farm and learn a few things from the fine and knowledgeable folks there. Everdale is a non-profit teaching farm that has trained many new farmers. It’s certified organic and a tremendously inspiring place to be. Despite a rainy week, I got my hands in the dirt, did a lot of mulching and weeding, cooked some lunches for the staff and interns, and got to take a permaculture workshop. The instructor, Jessica Roder of Wild Craft Permaculture started off the course with this video which is an awe-inspiring example of sustainable living architecture.
Comedian Bill Maher made a comment, as the California recall race was getting underway, in which he said that, between Bill Clinton’s impeachment, Florida in the year 2000, and the California recall, that it seems like the Republican Party is willing to do anything to win an election except get a majority of the votes.
The Kool-Aid ones are non-toxic, edible, and smell great. They last in an airtight container up to 3 months, and you have all kinds of color options!
Next, transfer this mixture to another bowl, clean it, swap out for the whisk attachment and get those egg whites all foamy and gorgeous. Add the egg whites into the orange mixture a bit at a time and fold, fold, fold!
nor yesterday, but are waiting to be pieced, to be lifted
Visa’s V is vandalized by a viscid fluid with the entrance of the yod; a virile votive vouchsafing the virgin’s violation.
This is what you got in the now oop starter boxes for Warmaster. All the figures are 10mm in size.
It's a Christmas challenge at Card Makin' Mamas! And we have a very special prize for you! Our random winner will receive 3 VERY exclusive images from our very own Lizzie! These 3 images - Giftful Lily, Snowanne and Where's the Tree Kris - are ONLY available for this challenge to our winner! How cool is that?? These are super cute images and you could be one of the very very few to own them! All you have to do is play along! Create a Christmas CARD, that's it!
It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone.
In a bowl blend the panko breadcrumbs, smoked paprika and season with salt. Coat gently each croquette with the seasoned panko breadcrumbs and transfer to a baking tray which has been lined with a lightly oiled sheet of parchment paper:
Yes, that is me sewing. If you know me, you know I DON'T sew. Sewing intimidates me and truthfully makes me a little nauseous! My daughter Taylor gave me the courage, instruction, and yes, supervision to sew a new pillow for my bed. Thank, you Taylor!
Oh well what do you know? Rihanna can look sweet after all. It is refreshing to she the red-haired beauty photographed looking anything else but a cold-hearted bitch she usually comes across as in most of her pictures.
And so, the calibrations continue as I heal. I’m seeing Dr. Paniset at Hopital Notre-Dame for future calibrations. I’ll be sure to follow up with everyone in a few weeks’ time.
So Monday was the big appointment! This is what we had been waiting for the past 3 weeks to make a decision. Last week after talking to Dr. Warf in Boston, I called Dr. Tulipan's nurse, Melissa, and she advised me to keep this appointment with Dr. T to keep him in the loop and ask for his advice about how to proceed. I took a day off work, filled the van up with gas, and figured out how to transport Nate--this time with towels rolled up around his back so Clive doesn't press against his car seat. It's an almost 3 hour drive, and when we got there we got Nate a wheelchair and looked at the trains and got some lunch before heading up to clinic.
The whole deal aims to create and protect a total of over 6,000 jobs, with other provisions – including devolution of the Northern Rail franchise, 6,000 more apprenticeships, a low carbon hub, and up to 7,000 new homes through a Housing Investment Board – detailed on the DCLG website.
If you ever catch Victorious, you'll see that Gillies is cast perfectly in her role and it's obvious she's going to become a big star. Gillies also appeared in the 2008 film Harold and some of her other TV credits include The Black Donnellys and White Collar. She grew up in Haworth, NJ and attended Northern Valley Regional High School in Demarest, NJ.
Well a few weeks later here is my gorgeous grandparents with their done up bike! My Grandad was particularly chuffed, he was like a kid at Christmas, his face just lite up and he couldn't stop looking at it. I was a bit worried that they may be upset that I took it to do it up as it has been used a lot by them and all of us in the past so they have many happy memories of it. As I walking them over to see it I found out that they didn't have it from new but had swapped it many years ago for a record player :-) They then used it to cycle to France with all their camping gear on the back and all our Aunties and cousins also remember the bike very fondly.
the blank spots of me not being there…
He wouldn't take my money. He told me my brother was an idiot to hit a girl with such nice legs. A hero and a creep. He took me downtown, and I walked a few blocks to my boyfriend's house. I walked up the steps, bawling again, and my boyfriend's mom gave me a big hug and made me a cup of tea.
What I didn’t know was that the end of this river was about to be a huge waterfall and I was headed straight for it. My best friend in the world scheduled a gyno appointment because she has had a few minute issues. We went and I sat in the waiting room cramming homework in (as I do with most of my “free” time.) What I didn’t realize or expect was Tiff, typically stronger than stone, to come out fighting tears saying “We have to get out of here”. We stepped outside the office and she explained that they found a 10cm tumor in her ovary.
I woke up early this morning (5:20ish) to leisurely have my quiet time with my coffee, do my laundry and get my workout in before my dad woke up, because I didn’t want to selfishly be working out later in the morning and leaving him hanging out by himself.
Without even thinking at all, they ran to help.
Whilst trying to remember the rhyme that I'd sang in school many moons ago, I asked my twitter buds how it went. There were a couple of variations, One was to catch a tiger and the other an Indian. I remember the rhyme below as the one I sang in school.
Neil Young and Bruce Springsteen write anthems about the travails of the working man; we line up for the revival of “Death of a Salesman.” John Mellencamp and Willie Nelson hold festivals and fundraisers when farmers suffer. Taxpayers bail out the auto industry and Wall Street and the banks. There’s a sense that manufacturing, or the agrarian economy, is what this country is really about. But culture was, for a while, what America did best: We produce and export creativity around the world. So why aren’t we lamenting the plight of its practitioners? Bureau of Labor Statistics confirm that creative industries have been some of the hardest hit during the Bush years and the Great Recession. But when someone employed in the world of culture loses a job, he or she feels easier to sneer at than a steel worker or auto worker.
So...for under $30!!...here is my outdoor chalk/white board.
After I told her that her father had been killed, Leah went into a bit of a catatonic state. I knew the feeling, my own father had been murdered, but fortunately she was spared the sight of it unlike myself. We left Freeport and traveled north a ways before turning west towards Lourghn. I made sure our tracks were covered, but if the assassins had magic at their hands they might be able to find us anyways. If they have magic they’d have hunted us down already and you’d be fighting them every night all night. True.
Receiving fresh picked cherries from a neighbor.
Sometimes we use them full strength, other times diluted. Either way, you don’t need a lot so it lasts a long time.
What country would you want to be exiled in?
Outline of the guitar.
The tide quickly changes for Valentin when, in 1929, he is informed by a studio executive, played by John Goodman, that the studio will be focusing exclusively on talking pictures. Indignant and in denial, Valentin sets out to produce his own silent film, convinced the public will love it. At the same time, Peppy gains popularity as one of the studio’s new stars of Talkies. Their new pictures debut on the same day, with unsurprising results, which, coupled with the stock market crash, leaves Valentin on a downward spiral of alcoholism and depression.
Beneath the music from a farther room.
I stumbled on this tonight.
But then came the parenting manuals,
Alina Cojocaru was born May 27 1981 in Bucharest, Romania. She trained in Kiev for seven years before joining the Royal Ballet School in 1998 on a Prix de Lausanne scholarship. Upon completion of her training, six months later, she returned to Kiev to dance with Kiev Ballet for a year. Her repertoire with the Kiev Ballet included Kitri (Don Quixote), Aurora, Princess Florine (Sleeping Beauty), Cinderella, Clara (Nutcracker), Coppélia, Peasant Pas de deux (Giselle) and Pas de trois, Hungarian Dance (Swan Lake).
Ask yourself this.
Of all the novels by VW, Orlando is her most singular. A unique and fantastic creation which is both very funny and intensely exuberant. She dedicated the book to Vita Sackville West with whom she shared a strong affection. When the book was completed in March 1928 she referred to it as her 'love letter to Vita' and indeed Vita herself was the inspiration behind Orlando. Vita was a poet and so she made Orlando a poet too. Virginia Woolf had composed an imaginary biography out of her idea of Vita's life at Knole in Kent, the ancestral home of the Sackville's.
9 question
I imagine writers wonder if agents have a drop-dead date for submissions around the holiday season—as in we won’t submit after a certain day in December.
Started at Pedro's - nothing special coffee wise, but handy to Granville Island and you can watch the ducks and geese (and turtles when it gets warmer).
7. We need a tax attorney.
We could say that Sidney became a good friend…
I still feed him baby foods (out of convenience) but he would rather pick up his food and feed himself. So at home I steam him veggies and let him make a mess!
I call it awesome.
How to Apply?
Carly's parents, Amy and Joe, sang this song as a duet in church one Sunday. I loved it when they sang it way more than the actual song. Lol. It was so powerful to hear a husband and wife singing this song together so beautifully.
“My bow!” She cried.
This Hello Kitty cake was made for a coworker I had at the time, and I am pretty sure he just wanted me to make it so that he could give it to the girl he liked. I don't remember what the outcome was, but I know that if a boy I liked brought me a Hello Kitty cake, I'd be pretty pleased. This is classified as a 2D cake, and it was carved from a sheet cake that was originally 9x12 inches. It was a red velvet cake, with a raspberry cream cheese icing. As I type the words raspberry cream cheese icing, I drool a little. Anyone else?
Orchestra Manager Tanya Phillips, who has been involved with the project since its 1986 inception, said some of the 300-plus players to have been through the orchestra over quarter of a century will attend - or indeed send their parents!
1.Badam : 1 cup
Back at it tonight.
Ok, we have been playing games now for the past week or longer. Just a few words throughout the day, with coffee in the morning, before we go to sleep etc. But it’s getting annoying….he keeps winning!
Here is an edited version of some age-driven comments about the work environment found on a recent blog discussion:
We’ll halve them./
allure?
Thursday August 14, 2008 - 11:05am (EDT)
I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess we all have friends who are like that. I know I do. They know what they know, even if what they know isn't right. Their patience for giving someone a second chance or admitting they might have been wro...wro....wrong about something is non-existent.
Deploying a “floating base” in the Persian Gulf – a converted transport ship that would serve as a semi-stationary base of operations for the US military – is also on the table. USS Ponce is expected to host mine-sweeping helicopters, speed boats and probably commando teams.
The minister, who fielded questions from journalists after a visit to the scene of the blast, as well as the Mogadishu Reference Hospital and the Asokoro General Hospital where the victims were taken to for treatment, stressed that the perpetrators of the dastardly act were bent on creating the impression that there is no security in the country.
As President Eisenhower warned in his last address to the American people, conflict brings power and profit to interest groups that benefit from conflict. Nixon, like Kennedy before him, was perceived as a threat by these powerful interests, because he was working to reduce conflict.
There are many things I would like to do or achieve at some point in my life. I know I’m not getting any younger, but most of my interests involve physical achievements. My mind is there, but I need to be motivated more to get my body on board.
But just in case, I'll throw in one little resolution: to have a spectacular year. Because that's sexy.
Are you sitting in a chair all by yourself while reading this?
our handš are tied here if we stay
A player that has lost the game is assumed to have lost all 24AP, regardless of actual casualties. If the scores are calculated correctly then they should add up to 48.
I really liked the way this project turned out last time and would love it if you all signed up again :) If you want to spread the word and make it so you're paired up twice, it'd be great if you put one of these buttons on your blog!
Next was Consecration a beer I've talked about a few times already. (Here and here.) I like this one quite a bit and it's by far the most sour and pungent. Sour and mild apple juice notes with vanilla and some slight caramel. I get a lot more sour with the currants it is aged with boosting those flavors rather than giving off their own.
The calm before the impending storm
As you know I started my new job on Monday, it was working a week in hand and it’s a temporary contract until, well, when the work runs out really (they know we are away in December for a week).
Stiff consistency is used for things like flowers with upright petals, like the Wilton rose or sweet peas.
Also known as the erect pricklypear, the shell mound pricklypear is a cactus that grows on shell mounds, coastal hammocks, and dunes. The erect pricklypear is found in the southeast and coastal states of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Texas, and South Carolina. It prefers sandy, well-drained soil. A long-lived plant, the shell mound pricklypear’s first flowers appear when the plant is three years old.
Memories are meant to say hello
And a big bear too,
We’re having meetings here in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. We’ve attracted people who are sincerely interested in nonduality and they come again and again to our meetings.
How Good Are the Top of the Range TVs?
As we entered the dressing room the first thing that caught my eye was a silver tin foil-like dress Lady Gaga would struggle to pull off. I was afraid.
It only took me about 10 minutes to pull it together. Cut your felt, pin it and sew it. Easy Peasy! The bow is not actually sewed onto the shirt. It is attached with a safety pin. That way I can take it off after Halloween and use the shirt as a layering shirt.
But another fear has gripped South African football fans: what if the country is ready, but the team is not? On the brink of the biggest moment in South Africa's sporting history, the woeful performance of the national football team threatens to spoil the party.
These pegs were static of nature. Each number was given an image. They are as follows
And I love that Mr. CFP received a meaningful quilt wall hanging, made by his mom.
It's 10:30pm, and it has been one heck of a day. You did not get nearly enough sleep last night, and work was just draining. The entire day was taken up with helping other people fulfill their needs -a customer who needed a gentle hand, an employee who needed help with a problem, a boss who needed his ego massaged, and so on. But after that is done, you get to come home to your refuge, a place where you can escape the alternating stress and drudgery of the working world and sit back for a while and have your own needs met. And what do you come home to? A spouse who needs a break, a house that needs to be cleaned, meals that need to be prepared, and kids who either need you to engage 100% from the second you walk in the door or want nothing at all to do with you until you've made them some food. So you grumble . . . and you get the things done that need to get done. But there is no sense of gratitude, no evidence of any appreciation for the day you had or the sacrifices you made, no "please" or "thank you" - just a sense that your family feels that they are entitled to sit back and let you serve them with no thought for you or your needs.
I've been struggling. My journey with my trainer and my fitness has been stalled. Well, that's partially untrue. I visit my trainer faithfully, now to be known as The Sadist. And before anyone gets upset about my nickname for her, I call her this to her face, so it's nothing truly nasty. And before you decide to object still, consider this:
Am i close to the end
Fiskars Border punch used on second card, really old one sorry do not no the name
I had a lovely walk out last night with Lucy, the weather was ok when we left. So we just took the cameras and a couple of plastic bags… just in case…
and separate it from its near neighbor,
They could not be added to the church until they were saved and they could not be saved until they were baptised.
The space before we got it in our hot little hands.
band like Suede (current ringleaders of a 'Yanks go Home'
Dana Loesch at Breitbart has struck another blow at the accomplices to the White House as she calls out The Washington Post for their hit piece on Romney. John Nolte at Breitbart reports:
8 cups water, plus more as needed
Millions of professionals are following more than two million companies on Linkedin. Why do professionals follow companies? They can be current clients, potential clients, and professionals in the media, job seekers, and other stakeholders that may provide or looking to gain insights. Having a company listing in Linkedin provides these followers with the latest news; understand your companies’ services.
“If we take them some place else, they just call off the war,” Smelly said. “They’ll attack some place else like Hawg Creek Springs.”
The downside of this is that most of the Irish family, particularly Irish Americans, cannot qualify, since their Irish roots go back too far. There’s no half-way house here also; there’s nothing if you don’t satisfy the rules, and Ireland has no system of official recognition for services rendered. This is fine and egalitarian as befits a republic, but for many this is unsatisfactory ( for example, we cannot honour Ted Kennedy or others of his generation). Much service has been done Ireland and the Irish by her extended family – and they know it. While there is talk of introducing an honours system within a few years the first beneficiaries if and when it happens are likely to be citizens. So don’t hold your breath.
it's work
There is no shortage of hipsters in Buenos Aires, kids in high tops with surprisingly good-looking mullets. But there is also no shortage of restaurants like El Desnivel, or Manolo, or my favorite, Nuevo Hermann, restaurants that don’t seem to have changed in 50 years. It’s what makes Buenos Aires feel like a rich city, rich in a diversity of lives and memories.
The PTO never got off the ground with its Section 2(e)(4) refusal to register the mark SIKORSKY for sports knives, videogames, jewelry, umbrellas, and other ancillary goods. The Board reversed the refusal, ruling that the PTO failed to establish a prima facie case. In re Sikorsky Aircraft Corp., Serial No. 78221800 (August 25, 2006)[not citable].
My new buddy then started talking (in Dutch) to his other friends, pointing at me and yelling from time to time, presumably indicating his surprise; he also promised to come back before the 5k began to help us push our way down to the front, so we could actually see the race and cheer for Jonathan. I was extremely grateful for his offer, because the wall of humans seemed impenetrable – we agreed to meet at that point during the re-ice break preceding the 5000s.
Spending all that time with you
Hal Higdon suggests incorporating 800 m repeats into marathon training. The 800s should be run faster than marathon goal pace but not an all-out sprint. Each hard 800 should be followed by walking or jogging an easy 800.
You might have remembered last week, when I said I was meeting up with a few other Kentucky Food Bloggers. I had such an amazing time, and thanks to Adam from the Danville Boyle Co Convention & Visitors Bureau, we were set up with a culinary tour of Danville, KY.
I have been wearing Zoya's Kelly, from the new 'Wonderful' collection on my toes. I expected Kelly to be a little lighter, and a little less blue (kind of like the true gray in the splatter up top). I think it's too dark to wear on my finger nails in the summer. But it'll be a great color for fall and winter, and is great for toes. Although I was hoping for concrete, I'm kind of digging the blue'ish hint to this one. It looks almost navy in low lighting. I feel like I'm too old to be sporting an in-your-face blue or turquoise. So I'm thankful for Kelly, because the blue-gray color satisfies my blue needs in a sophisticated way.
God give you honor, you faithless heads of your poor people! What devil bids you occupy yourselves so violently with spiritual things, which are not committed to you, and be so lax and slothful in dealing with things that God has committed to you and that concern you and your poor people, now in the greatest and most pressing need, and thus be only hindering all those whose intentions are good and who would gladly do their part? Yes, go on singing and hearing the Mass of the Holy Spirit! He has great pleasure in it and will be very gracious to you disobedient, refractory fellows, because you let those things alone that he has committed to you, and work at what he has forbidden you! Yes, the Evil Spirit may hear you!
My mum is down south at the moment, but will be back tomorrow to spend some more quality time with her Henry.
*** I didn’t want to publish this yet, but since I accidentally pressed PUBLISH instead of save draft and SOMEONEAIL already read it, I’m just going to publish it now! ***
I've had a bit going on.
I know what you’re thinking. Why does the original Volkswagen logo slightly resemble the Nazi symbol? Well, that’s because Hitler had a hand in founding the company. Naturally, Volkswagen phased out that part of the logo and stuck with the center.
~ Sylvia Plath
So we checked in and sat down to wait our turn. Brooklyn saw a container of suckers on the counter and made a bee line for them.
The same needs to be true for you and me as business owners and leaders in our companies. We must have a vision of what the organization will be like, look like and feel like. What will it accomplish? What is its purpose for existence? Why will our community and world be better off as a result of this organization?
embracing life’s gifts
John 21.10
If you haven’t done so yet, please forgive me for asking that you do so sometime soon as you will then have a chance to see the ‘Eden Declaration’ , and to sign it too, if you personally agree with its content. I have signed it, as I think it encapsulates some very important messages.
Tomorrow I have a job interview. Looking forward to bringing in a bit more money to cushion our budget. We are actually doing OK, but have such little wiggle room in our finances that it's difficult to maintain things as they are. I really hope this works out and turns into a good position for me. It is just part-time care-giving, a man who has early-stage Alzheimer's.
bracelets of beads, leather and bone
While this was transpiring, the police, having been alerted by the assistant manager, arrived at the restaurant. Staley, believing that Read had activated a silent alarm, threatened to kill Read if he discovered that the police were outside. Read responded by assuring Staley that the restaurant had no such alarms. He volunteered to serve as a hostage if Staley promised not to hurt the other employees. Staley agreed to Read’s proposal and left the restaurant with Read, Duke and Rayburn, using Read as a human shield. They then hijacked a car and Staley pushed Read into the back seat with him. Police officers subsequently reported hearing several gunshots before the car pulled off and while the car was accelerating away. A high-speed chase ensued, ultimately ending when the stolen car broke down. Staley, Duke and Rayburn then attempted to flee the scene but were apprehended by the police. The police found Read dead in the back of the car. According to the medical examiner, Read had been shot in the head at point blank range. The evidence indicated that both Staley and Duke had shot Read.
A friend of Leon's.
Trigger: I decide I am going to have a McFlurry for snack.
Gated communities, gun-toting guards, concertina wire, bars on the windows … uncommon for the average US neighborhood, yet very normal for Costa Rica, from the most upscale, exclusive community to humble homes surrounded by chain-link fences.
The two main time-frames in the video are: the progress of the bubble to the little girl (which takes the almost the length of the video), and the duration of the camera’s flash, which corresponds to the duration of the song’s climax. These two durations come to an end at the same moment, with the bursting of the bubble, the extinguishing of the camera’s flash, marking the beginning of the outtro in which the child’s disappointment is turned to curiosity again with the birth of a new bubble and the loving smile of the mother.
One minutes he is concentrating all his energy on buckling his high chair and the next he is in another room with makeup all over his body. I don't know how he gets to the things he gets to. Oh wait, I do. That, my friends, is how the speaker on the TV got torn from its place. Which also led to him hiding in the window behind the couch.
(Photo courtesy of John Russell/NHLI via Getty Images)
Everyone is covering this big local story: Village Voice, HuffPo, The Root, Baltimore Sun, NYTimes, from many angles, including the question of why does the 68 year old Chuck Scarborough get to stay but the 68 year old Simmons is let go.
40g dessicated coconut
These 2 post-its were on our bedroom door when we woke up. This cracks me up! Allow me to interpret--
Yeah dude…..new beach towels, blender, and huge tub of boat goodies are headin to the lake. The pools gonna be open and some offers in life are only made once. ….small smile…. Family, friends, late nights and late mornings on the water come highly recommended. Being the kingpin of downtime…….is tough. I suppose Pink Floyds wish you were here would be appropriate. But I have other things on my mind.
Your memory is etched in ink
Shadowing the authors in Auckland is going to be a wonderful experience. I’ll be writing up my experiences several times a day so keep watching the blog. It will be the closest thing to being there.
I'm much too tired to try to think
“I should like to see it,” he said.
My sweet baby,
The combination of these boots and this skirt almost killed me a few times today. The heel of the boot kept getting caught in the skirt so I almost tripped getting of the bus, going up stairs and getting out of a car. I foiled death all day though. HA!
I think I’ve spent more time praying these past two years than I did in the 25 before that.
My Experiences of Crafting Tales (guest post) -
When my advanced pdf of Goodman Games DCC RPG arrives in my email, I'll be happy to set up another Barrowmaze group under that ruleset.
Orcs have two raid bosses, though one of them fooled me and looked like a Worgen. Hagara the Stormbinder and, technically, High Overlord Saurfang.
Join former Emily Carr University of Art + Design instructors Gordon Smith and Ian Wallace, alumni Douglas Coupland (84), and other friends in sharing stories of friendship and to celebrate excellence in the visual arts at the Artist’s Circle Exhibition and Celebration. The special evening celebration will take place on Wednesday, August 3, 2011 from 7-10pm, and is hosted by the West Vancouver Museum as a part of the Harmony Arts Festival. Visit the Harmony Arts Festival website for ticket information.
This wasn’t, in my eyes, Lost Persona’s best effort but it is packed with songs that I’d much rather see live. It is an E.P that expresses their courage to delve into new sounds, their intelligence and their exceptional musicianship. Lost Persona are really a diamond in the rough and if you haven’t seen them live yet, I strongly suggest you do so.
At the end of the video, he puts the icing on the (sick, twisted) cake when he shoots nine bullets into what he has referred to several times as "her" laptop. This punishment is extreme and rather scary, well outside the bounds of even commonly accepted punitive parenting. I wonder how long ago it was that he gifted her that laptop. Was he excited to give it to her then? Did he take pride in his ability to give her such a gift, and feel satisfied when she expressed gratitude in some way (a thank-you, a smile, a squeal of joy, maybe even a hug...)? Did he let her enjoy her gift for any amount of time, or did he immediately start holding it over her head, demanding appreciation for it? What part of the word "gift" does he not understand? What suddenly made it ok for him to destroy her property in such a violent manner?
The other case study, K-Town Radio, is an FM radio station based in Kinglassie, Fife. It is supported by Digital Fife and staffed by volunteers. The station uses Facebook and Twitter to engage with its listeners, as well as more traditional phone-ins.
When my students practice
Often I struggle to put my finger on what I’m trying to achieve through my ‘working mum’ pieces. It’s not about having a whine. It’s not about looking for special treatment: shorter days, extra holidays. It’s not about that. But when Busy-And-Important-Husband asks me, “What is it you want? What are you trying to change?” I struggle to answer.
Actually, I won't be having a funeral because I don't do church. Rather, Martha wants to hold a tasteful memorial service, so I've scribbled out a tentative plan for her.
Just in time for the Oscars, The Coterie will present the spectacular concert event Red Carpet Memories: A Celebration of Academy Award-Nominated Songs. Featuring an all-star lineup of vocal talent from Broadway, Television and the Los Angeles music scene, this highly-theatrical musical revue will pay homage to some of the most beloved songs in movie history. Relive your favorite movie memories with the songs of Fred & Ginger, Judy Garland, the kids from Fame, Kermit the Frog, and more. The movies have never sounded so good!
“…reducing every political interview to a one-dimensional confrontation suppresses any chance of an honest and balanced discussion of the real dilemma.
Spare me.
I was somewhat surprised to receive a late Friday night call from the local ER to tell me one of my 86 year old cognitively impaired individuals was being evaluated. When I spoke to the charge nurse I found that the patient was brought by the paramedics for intractable nausea and vomiting. This particularly charming, mild to moderately cognitively impaired, woman had moved with her 90 year old husband from her private residence to a senior facility on my suggestion so that care was available for her as she deteriorated and required more hands-on attention. They were thrilled with the new apartment as well as the care and concern provided by the staff. I had seen the patient six weeks ago and she was doing fine. There was no mention of problems.
My username: MrskittyYi
So let’s try something new to “clear the cache” of beer reviews tapped into my phone. I’ve never written haiku before, I don’t think, but seeing as I just had sushi the last two nights, I’m in a Japanese frame of mind. I really think so. Here are a few beers I’ve tried over the past month that we just haven’t gotten to reviewing here on the HBJ:
If you have a MasterCard I would recommend enrolling it even if you aren't sure you'll spend the $200. If you are like me you might think you won't be buying anything online but then see some great deals on Daily Deal sites etc. and end up buying things after all. And really, you have nothing to lose!
John moved his head slowly, as if underwater, seeing Casey in triplicate, although he could hear her quite clearly.
While trying to keep up with his school studies and ensuring his football team stays top of the league, it's Johnny's job to safeguard planet Earth.
I am eternally Yours
I like it best when a detective is a flawed man, like my poor, alcoholic Semerket, so that in addition to solving the mystery at hand he must also solve part of the mystery within himself. Like the protagonists in Martin Cruz Smith novels, they also become the seat of moral authority. All around them are crimes, official corruption, and indifference, but they remain committed to the truth, regardless of how unpleasant it is. No matter how dark or dismal they are, they become heroic in the process – and your readers root for their success.
I gave them both a quick sand and had to glue and tack a few of the parts to make it sturdy. Then I hit it them with Rustoleum Black Satin spray paint and a spray polyurethane to protect them. I made seats out of plywood (yes, I used a jigsaw and still have my extremities!) and attached foam and batting and covered them with fabric I picked up at Joann's a while back on clearance. Total all in it's under $10.00 for each chair.
If we are so much like the animals around us, then why do we try and raise above our natural responses and impulses in the name of humanity?
Just popping in real quick to say "HELLO"!!
- 888 words -
Sometime in the past three or four years, New Belgium decided it wanted a piece of Oregon's market, and it spent an enormous amount of money trying to get shelf and tap space. It appears the effort has been only partly successful--after displacing regional ambers for a time, New Belgium has given back a lot of shelf space and tap handles to Full Sail and Mactarnahan's. They may do decent business, but I don't think Oregon is the pot of gold NB hoped.
Derrek had to laugh at himself a moment before answering. “I’m honored. I’m sure it’s more than I deserve.”
With our bags overflowing, we made our way to Ruckle Park for a picnic on the beach. While passing through the farm on the first day (the 1000 acres surrounding Ruckle farm became a provincial park in 1974), we noticed that they were busy "making hay while the sun shines".
But Prof Levin said: ‘At the end of the debate, at least two faculty members spoke to make completely clear that they supported the project but voted for the resolution. It would be wrong to interpret this as a vote against the project. It was a vote about certain principles that many of Yale faculty care deeply about.’
I graduated from the school for the blind, where the graduating classes were on average between 12 and 20 people. Most of the class had other disabilities aside from the blindness, which often times included mild mental retardation. Basically, the make-up of a single class didn't have the people in it that could/would actually plan a reunion. And if they did, only half a dozen would show.
Both are cruel. Both are not necessary for survival. Both are done for "fun". The only difference is that eating a good piece of steak is a "fun" that everyone agrees upon... Seeing a kitten get squashed underneath a heel is not a "fun" that most people agree on, but I'm sure the sicko doing it still enjoys himself.
2) Go to the store's website and order the book online. Takes a credit card or gift card, but they'll mail it right to your front door within a couple days.
I did my best as a paparazzi and snapped a shot while they left the door open. Kaya naman pala…
I happen to know that their teacher can be rather lenient with school start times, as long as the students promise to get all their work done before they go to bed. Usually, we follow a pretty strict schedule, but there are times when we deviate from the plan. Reason #137 on the list of why we love homeschooling.
7) Take about 1 cup of marinara sauce, and spread like frosting across the top. Sprinkle mozzarella on top.
Marc Holmes
I get these – its great to see that recovery through Christ is blossoming!!
Comedy
You won't need a passport to do this, but you might need police protection.
Lame entry, I know but an entry none the less.
EDITIONS:The Matrix was originally issued on DVD and Laserdisc in 1999. The DVD was reference quality for quite a while with a 16:9 anamorphic image, Dual-layer transfer and shattering Dolby 5.1 surround mix. The LD was based off the same master but some have said that the LD 5.1 mix was more robust and the DVD mix was a bit toned back. They’re both at the same 384 kbp/s bitrate however.
Driskill hired local architect Jasper N. Preston to design his hotel. Preston sat on the jury that selected Elijah E. Myers as architect of the new Capitol, and later served for a time as supervising architect of that project.
And the redhead wanted . . . no, HAD to see you. To see if you were ok, and to let you know I cared.
Here we are, another Monday on the books ! This week, our fantastic co-leader DONNA selected a Monogram for our challenge over at Bitten By The Bug 2 ! We were able to use ANY cartridge, so I selected one of my favorites - Storybook. Both of my girls just LOVE bright colors - Holley is into the pink, black & zebra print ... and my little Cait is loving lime green & black .... SO I thought I would make them each a fun and BRIGHT card with their initial on it ! I had SO much fun with these bright and bold colors & patterns. I can't wait for them to see their finished cards when they wake up first thing tomorrow. One of my favorite things about crafting is making things for my girls. They both inherited the crafting bug from me and their grandma ... They love to craft ALMOST as much as I do !!! Please take a moment to pop on over to the BBTB2 blog and check out all the SUPER projects this week !
In the same court, Khoo Poh Kim @ Kimmy was charged with abettting Tiah in
– Mari-Beth Slade is a food and wine lover, wayward librarian and would-be philosopher. She works as a marketer for an accounting firm in Halifax, but spends most days doing yoga poses at her desk or brainstorming discussion topics for her book club.
Lousy law enforcement? Yes.
Who have no children at their knees.
- Thinly slice enough cucumber and green onion as garnish
3 cups heavy whipping cream
Drew: *cuddles even cloesr* It's like our own little getaway.
The project of a
Technology: Well I’m personally a big technology geek, I love gadgets and almost everything in my house is very high tech but when I was younger I loved everything I had and I didn’t have a Nintendo DS or a Computer..
I have seen adults bully other adults. Prison was a great place for that. When I saw it happening, even if I shared a dislike for the person being bullied, I always confronted the bully, if it was safe to do, and it usually was. There is no excuse for bullying or cyberbullying. What you have to say about others speaks far more to your own character than to the person that you are insulting, degrading, and trying to tear down.
Please grab a blinkie from the side bar and display it proudly you deserve it.
I am doing a work exchange program with a local Bikram Yoga Studio.
Various health organizations can be linked to the profile created here. These include, hospitals, pharmacies, and medical associations. By linking, medical records can be imported. For example, you can link with your local pharmacy to get all prescription information imported to the Google Health profile.
A shop where you can buy Woods Ware for 10p an item, pretty floral bowls for 10p, sheets for 50p - shall I go on!
In honor of National Tourism Week, Visit Bloomington will be celebrating our local tourism industry with a reception and awards presentation on May 24th. The highlights of the reception are the award winners, tourism professionals in our community that have done an exceptional job. Please nominate someone you know in the tourism industry (and that includes hotels, restaurants, shops, & attractions) that deserves to be recognized. Click here for the nomination form and send to Julie@visitbloomington.com or fax to 334-2344 by May 4th.
On her journey, passing along the other pitiful people struck numb by the cold, she walked past the apartment where the party took place. Where she met Christian. It wasn’t her fault; she forgot that it was on this street.
“Better safe than sorry. Can’t you get me any closer to the Sherim?”
I am nothing but a sinner saved by grace and I cannot and do not look down on any person anywhere, and when I momentarily forget myself, and a bit of “self” begins to creep into my righteousness, the Spirit of God is quick to remind me of who I am!
This is an obsession I could do without. I'm feeling poor at the moment from all of the shopping I've been doing non-stop for the past few months and it doesn't make it any better that my husband keeps on warning me about a serious financial crisis out there. (Where?)
…until I watched the video the next day.
Silent, no one hears
Tour Dates w/ The New Year
among these mountains
Let me make some things crystal clear for everyone reading this....
Four Elements of pride (the things that lead to pride)
Of course, one can see where such a misunderstanding might occur. I mean, who in their right mind would admit to a plan like that? Then again, if you'd told me four years ago that America's leading financiers and captains of industry would elect a barely one-term U.S. Senator with no previous employment experience beyond politics who travels around talking to a pair of glass window panes on a couple of poles, I'd have said there was a misunderstanding, too.
Thomas Brown died six hours later.
Today millions of Africans in this country have indeed ceased to be good and we have reason to fear them.
Greg Walton: “I think that the guys who claim they are in charge of taking cuts need to sit back and chill becuase these teachers a have lives and children and significant others and homes they haves bills to pay how the he** are they suppose to make it and all this money are being taking out of they’re checks. I mean what the he** are they suppose to do with out teachers they would not even be on the board.”
Cool on a wire rack.
Facts are facts, and the first step is admitting it.
AND IT GETS even worse as you get older. A recent report from the Royal College of Psychiatrists says that the existing alcohol consumption guidelines need to be “drastically reduced” for people over 65. Apparently they should drink no more than one and a half “units” of alcohol a day, so even going to the pub and having a pint of bitter is bad news.
However, when walking outside after a day indoors, I was greeted with overcast skies and 15 mile per hour winds. As my buddy Mark and I were walking towards the parking lot, I mentioned that I might just go home seeing as the weather conditions were less than desirable. Mark turned to me and said "What are you talking about? That wind will feel nice while you're going for a ride!" His words spoke to me, and I immediately gave myself a mental kick in the pants, and dismissed the thought. I decided to hit up a stretch of paved bike trail I had yet to ride upon, that was only a couple of miles away from work.
For anyone interested in life in a vibration different from our own, be it in past or future, this book is well worth reading.
On World AIDS Day, one of the commitments we can make is to review the information HIV/AIDS and make sure we each do our part to eliminate the disease
6. Talking to my Soul (Xhol)
Jerry DeVito, 66, New York, N.Y.
And when life gives you lemons--well then make some lemonade!!
You could remove the ‘Daath’ from the entire fucking show and you would honestly not have noticed any fucking difference at all. It was completely fucking pointless, he brought fucking nothing to the series and existed to conveniently move the plot forward when needed.
The trouble with time travel is you can only go back as far as today, to the right here and now.
Krzysiek - guitar
1 bright
The bridge was made of glass:In the snapshot, one of his designers is standing atop a long row of glass panels that seem to hover in midair. There’s no support underneath; the 1,000-plus pieces of glass will stay in place because they’re jammed together by 800 tons of pressure supplied by an enormous underground mechanical vice that squeezes the assembly from both sides.The three photographs below, then, each taken by Donald Milne for Wired, show another of Heatherwick's bridge projects: the deservedly famous "hydraulic bridge across a canal feeding the River Thames that can curl itself into a ball to make way for passing boats."
This was the moment of innocence last grasp.
Why do you keep on running away from me?
AN ALL SPENDING CUTS, NO REVENUES PLAN…
DAY 24: SOMETHING YOU'RE GRATEFUL FOR... This was tough. Went through many options in my mind - Nurofen, Silence Anti-Snoring Spray, Frangelico.... eventually settled on the fact that I've raised two young adults who get along well. Couldn't be prouder or more grateful.
“Does publicity translate to sales?” Not always.
Placebo Every me every you UK
I haven’t been drinking heavily as a form of painkiller as I thought I might under the circumstances; though I have had some beers for sure. I’ve had occasion to stop off at mom’s place a time or two in the last few weeks and I always take a moment to have a cold beer out on her patio – just one, maybe two – never too much to count me out for the hour long drive back to my place. (I had coffee and donuts one morning, too by the way.) It’s good therapy, there in the shade, with the incessant heat licking at the edges of the patio cover and at the edges of my soul; watching the wildlife.
Davis (our oldest son - will be 10 soon) was suppose to have surgery (his twelfth ... but who's counting?!) in August ... but due to circumstances that could not be controlled ... it was rescheduled for December. He was relieved ... and it really did work out because he would have missed out on the several weeks of summer fun. This way he can still play flag-football! It is all about sports for him :O)
Professor Bebbington told the Congress: “The increased risk of psychosis may be linked to the intrusive nature of childhood sexual abuse and having no control over what is happening to you. It has disastrous effects on self-esteem and psychological well-being, and is linked to paranoia and suspiciousness – even in people who don’t go on to develop psychosis.
I have never been in this position because yours truly never experience to have a bf or even go out on a date. but in my observation, All relationship is exciting when its new. You love everything about your partner, but as time passed by you start to find faults with each other. So the multitudes of problem may arise from there.
The only true Joy we can have in this world and even in Heaven is receiving Jesus Christ inside our heart. Even if we have receive Jesus Christ in our hearts, God wants us to set us free from all pains, fear, sorrows, worries or condemnations we might still put aside. Jesus Christ wants us to live Heaven here on earth, which is full of Love, Joy, Peace, and Righteousness. We are made Holy and Righteous by the Blood of Jesus Christ, and we continue to live a Righteous life because of what He has done for us on the Cross, that He died for us while we were still sinners.
Alex Rodriguez (Mariners) vs. Shannon Stewart (Blue Jays)
debated over dinners…
One thing I am noticing in my laid-back holidaying in the queer society of the early 20th Century is that, while shut up together as universally ‘perverse’, homosexuality and sadomasochistic leanings were allowed a greater degree of crossover between them; in that it was equally condemnable to want to be buggered as beaten by a chap, so that once one was already a transgressor as a homosexual, there was little shame or condemnation left for the other vice.
A few years ago, I was studying Russian in Madrid when Valery, our very charismatic teacher, took our entire class to the restaurant he argued was the only authentically Russian in the city: Las Noches de Moscú. In this place, lavishly decorated –as it is supposed to be -, one can try the classic specialties of their cuisine, prepared by native chefs. Salad Olivier (inspiration to what we call here Russian salad), beef Strogonov, kotleti, blinis, sirnikys…All of it accompanied by a good vodka or one of the most popular beers in the country. The service is good and always willing to explain any further information about their gastronomy or costumes, such as having picked vegetables along with your vodka so that you don’t end up singing Kalinka aloud. The good value is unbeatable.
And the Queen’s heart hardened.
Nowadays most expectant mothers undergo several ultrasound examinations during the course of their pregnancy. The desirability of these scans — as indeed of several other routine obstetric procedures — is debatable. A woman may refuse to be scanned routinely, but if the midwife or the obstetrician suspect at around 32–36 weeks that her baby lies in a breech presentation, they will usually advise her to have this confirmed by a scan.
2010-11-29 Amanda Roestoff of Beeld newspaper reports that 37-year-old Afrikaner security-camera technician Riaan Petrus Velloen was beaten up so brutally by the Florida police in Roodepoort that the healthy man died in the police cells within just hours. There were no charges against Velloen when he died in police custody, said his mother-in-law Mrs Ria Hogan, 50, grand-mother of his son Kevin Hogan, 15.
Inside the nearby maintenance shed, Xu Guan had been sorting through the supplies to locate materials to make snares. He had found a roll of wire and a pair of side-cutters. As of yet, he hadn’t found anything to use for bait. Xu Guan paused in his preparations to look around the shed. As he did so, Xu Guan was certain that he heard voices outside.
I've been a long time fan of Maroon 5. Since then they have had such success and Adam has had his own success. Recently, the airwaves have a great song out influenced by the style of Mick Jagger's lose dancing. The song is such a feel good, good mood song. My daughter loves it and my son who is just 2 1/2 does the "oooooos" in the song. This song also features the fabulous voice of Christina Aguilera. The kids and I love singing to this song and dancing!
i could make her laugh and i did again tonight.
I would not take back anything that I have done knowing what I know now. Except that I might have not walked in the 60 mile walk that they think triggered all of this. That, I am sort of regretting.
G. Gold or Silver: Definitely silver.
From the distinctive backbeat of its eight cylinders at idling speed to the glorious snarl of full-throttle acceleration, the new V8 offers an exhilarating, involving and passionate route to Bentley Continental ownership. All-wheel drive and an eight-speed transmission transmit its power to the road with unshakable precision. This is a Bentley that can both stir the soul or calm the spirit, according to the mood of the driver or the conditions.
The chef made five different sauces for five different fish dishes.
The following are excerpts from a report on Yasser Salem, an Egyptian businessman involved in financing Algerian jihadists. The report aired on Al-Arbiya TV on January 4, 2007:
-THE NEW JERSEY SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS-
I’d have to say that I’d stop being so hard on myself. I would never, NEVER, never talk to anyone the way I do myself at times, especially when I’ve made mistakes or my favorite: removing any doubt that I AM the village idiot. (Oh look, there it is again! More unconditional friendliness to myself…)
We are also painted a picture of the type of person Victor Hugo was and we are even given a glimpse of his children’s downfalls and tragedies. As a reader, we feel sympathy for Charles and Adèle, while admiring Hugo’s talent but questioning his delusional reasoning. I think perhaps what strikes me the most about this tale is that all the events in the book are facts—the way these moments are presented is fictional, but very believable.
recording the layers of time. You paint him,
It was last week when NAMA made an unscheduled announcement with some details of current events. It’s always welcome to get news on how the agency is performing though it would be better to get the quarter three, 2010 report and accounts which have now been sitting on Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan’s desk for the past 54 days. Included in the announcement last week from NAMA was news of the sale of the Montevetro building on Barrow Street in central Dublin to internet search engine giant Google. This is what NAMA had to say in respect of the transaction:
4 available
More dates passed, J introduced me to Chinese take-out (after 5 years in NY I still hadn't tried it) and Georgia football. I showed J my "artsy hipster" neighborhood in Brooklyn and spoiled him with home cooked Italian food (trying to erase Olive Garden from his memory).
People always say that you will end up doing what you loved to do in third grade. Miss Cook, my third grade teacher at Brookwood Forest Elementary School pulled me aside when I was nine years old and told me, “One day you will write books.” I loved to write. In high school, I was on the newspaper staff and was even voted Most Creative in Writing during my senior year. (On a side note, it’s the same high school that Courteney Cox and Natalie Holloway attended). In college I was the editor for the editorial section of the paper. But the lure of international business enticed me to earn a master’s degree in international business at The University of South Carolina. I learned Portuguese and did an internship in the treasury department at IBM Brazil in Rio de Janeiro. Right after graduate school, I got a job in New York.
Her are some pictures of her latest collection:
Because I know I am not the only one
I curse my parents for the genetics that made me scared to fuck up, scared to take chances, scared to find a realness in the world, instead I keep punching clocks like the trained monkey I’ve become, I keep accepting checks, I keep saying “yes sir”, “no sir” to the very people I despise.
VERDICT: Suffice it to say that this is the new and improved version, and how I will make it this way from now on. The marshmallow creme melted into a lovely gooey filling. The pecan-streusel added a nice contrast with a nice crunch. I really think that this "side dish" is a crustless sweet potato pie. But, my family doesn't care. I saw family members, who shall remain nameless, going back for more helpings. I didn't get a final photo. You know how it is, when the hungry guests are ready to eat.
“See the girl with the pink shirt and black hair?” He asked me and I nodded.
But surely dreams are evidence of mental representation? Aren’t dreams, in fact, just direct experiences of mental representation? No: although mental processes often involve experiences that seem similar to inspecting representations, remember that there is no explanatory value in literally positing mental representations. They don’t help to explain dreaming any more than they help to explain perceiving, remembering or imagining. In fact they make the model of the mental process considerably more complicated and difficult; a good reason for denying them. Berkeley thought that to clear up the Lockean mess of properties of objects-in-themselves, properties of objects to cause perceptions, and properties of perceptions, either the “mental” or the “external world” had to go. On that point he was right.
She looked at me and with an air of arrogance asked me if I was in favor of smoking in public places and the reason why I was bothering.
1/4 cup water or veggie stock
To put the matter very simply—did you ever hear of Mr. Rowland Hill’s illustration of the cat and the sow? I will give it in my own fashion, to illustrate our Savior’s expressive words—“Ye must be born again”. Do you see that cat? What a cleanly creature she is! How cleverly she washes herself with her tongue and her paws! It is quite a pretty sight! Did you ever see a sow do that? No, you never did. It is contrary to its nature. It prefers to wallow in the mire. Go and teach a sow to wash itself, and see how little success you would gain. It would be a great sanitary improvement if swine would be clean. Teach them to wash and clean themselves as the cat has been doing! Useless task. You may by force wash that sow, but it hastens to the mire, and is soon as foul as ever. The only way in which you can get a sow to wash itself is to transform it into a cat; then it will wash and be clean, but not till then! Suppose that transformation to be accomplished, and then what was difficult or impossible is easy enough; the swine will henceforth be fit for your parlor and your hearth-rug. So it is with an ungodly man; you cannot force him to do what a renewed man does most willingly; you may teach him, and set him a good example, but he cannot learn the art of holiness, for he has no mind to it; his nature leads him another way. When the Lord makes a new man of him, then all things wear a different aspect. So great is this change that I once heard a convert say, “Either all the world is changed, or else I am.” The new nature follows after right as naturally as the old nature wanders after wrong. What a blessing to receive such a nature! Only the Holy Ghost can give it.
Sometimes, it seems like having Lia around has actually increased the love we have for Lily and that Lily has for us if that were possible. Little group hugs are commonplace as one competes with the other for time on Daddy or Mommy's lap. Or even for Guh Guh's attention. We are indeed very blessed, especially now that the flu bug is less of a factor. Lia's developmental specialist says to take everything in three month steps and not to expect too much on any given day. So, patiently we plod along, becoming more and more Green, Party of Five and less and less Green, Party of Four. Oh what an awesome God we serve!
As it speaks out,
Today, I actually went to The Home Depot to buy a shovel.
2 random
some cumin
The invisible swirl of the terrapin on a zero saucer fuel
– Hallie
"The whole family's at the hospital," she said. "Jamaica Hospital."
Every day, I mean every time I ever saw him, he had on the pale blue bracelet from the Jack Fund. Every single picture I’ve seen of him from the last three years, whether it was dressed up to go out or in a crazy Halloween costume (or crazy outfit period, his whole life he had a fashion sense all his own) or in a Jets jersey at a football game, he had on that blue Jack bracelet. I never talked about Jack with him, though now I wish I had. I know they’re together now. PJ said Jack has the best bodyguard (and friend) in the world now. It’s not much comfort honestly, but it’s something. At this point I think we’ll all take what we can get, anything that makes you feel a little bit better. Because there just is no sense in his not being here anymore.
It was meant to represent Berry Burst dessert with vanilla ice cream topped with custard!
Imagine my surprise when I checked my email this morning and found that I won The Prestigious 7X7 Link Award. I didn’t know what it was, but I was excited, as the last thing I won was a jar of jelly. And it was strawberry, so that pretty much sucked. Cristy Carrington Lewis, aka Paltry Meanderings of a Taller Than Average Woman, gave me the award. A recent post of Cristy’s was recently Freshly Pressed, which was exciting. I sort of feel that I know greatness, as I was the first one to post a comment when she first wrote the piece, before it was Freshly Pressed. She is a wonderful writer. I think I should have her write on my book jacket of my future Jumping in Mud Puddles book.
For some reason, the only rooms I actually did do were the master bedroom and ensuite. Must have had something to do with those nostalgic emotions I talked about earlier. Must be. Anyways, the day before our housewarming I decided it was a good plan to wallpaper. By myself. With unpasted wallpaper. For the first time. Not so smart. I scored this lovely teal and gold damask wallpaper on ebay for $7 a roll. Incredible, I know. I figured since I had this gorgeous stuff in my house, it needed to go somewhere, so feature wall it was! The task was tedious and since I was wallpapering by myself until 4:30 in the morning, it's also not a very well done job. It looks okay from afar, but it is HORRENDOUS up close.
Boris Johnson wants anyone convicted of alcohol-related violence to stay out of prison as long as they attend a police station twice a day to take a £1 breathalyser test and prove they are sober.
Rudolph van der Meulen, from Nico van der Meulen Architects, explains: “The result is a design where the three dimensionality of the building is celebrated with intersecting planes of steel and glass ‘hovering’ above the solid elements of concrete and plastered brick. Aluminum louvers are used for sun control and privacy, while creating depth and layering. The ground floor was purposely lifted above the landscape to improve the views of the garden, and to create level differences in the ground floor plane. The main bedroom cantilevers over angled concrete columns and reinforces the ‘hovering’ idea”.
2 cups chopped or shredded chicken
So my husband went Elk hunting for the first time last week. Being from California we haven't had much chance to hunt but I really consider hunting skills the ultimate in food storage preparedness.
from one aching foot to the other
Got your 2012 pedicure yet? Go on, you deserve it!
I thought I'd start an occasional series of reviews of poetry books from the rather random collection I've built up over the years. I had the idea when I fished out this book, looking for a poem I remembered from it. It was -is- a rather brutal, surreal poem and it's from The Lost Fire Brigade by Spike Hawkins:
So far, the DA’s office has done this by demonising DSK in a manner guaranteed to wind up any juror buying into the pc world inhabited by Joan Illuzzi-Orbon – probably an inbuilt majority. Brafman’s team is playing the same game with the letter about media manipulation – but also laying great stress on demolishing the Muslim Mother Theresa persona Vance’s department wants for Nafissatou Diallo. Thus, the defence has hired investigators from the firm Guidepost Solutions to look into the woman’s background, and examine any weaknesses in her account. Guidepost Solutions’ directors include a former head of the criminal division at the New York prosecutor’s office, a former head of security at IT giant IBM and a former federal prosecutor who has worked closely with the US Secret Service. So expect some potential hacking scandals along the way.
This is the core idea of biocentrism. Quantum theory tells us that there are no “things,” only probabilities called “wave functions,” until there is an observer. In his version of quantum physics, the act of observation creates the thing it observes, fixing its position or its momentum, neither of which exists as a separate, physical entity until the moment of observation.
A recent study found that a heart-healthy Mediterranean diet, featuring nuts, grapes, oranges, apples, and fresh tomatoes, could provide allergy relief.
8)All Regional Organisers to stand down and be elected by the regional members and to be paid £1000 per month, plus travelling expenses and communications. This is based on getting our donations and membership fees up again.
Anyway, I'm trying to be better about my contribution to the vintage sharity community that is growing every day, and so I'm ripping the whole album these days, rather than just a couple songs. Here's the track listing:
SUNDRIED TOMATO GUACAMOLE WITH CHIPS
(Brooklyn, Nov. 11, 2009)- In an example of poor planning, two teens were injured by gunfire last night, possibly due to irresponsible management of the promotional event, as well as insufficient security at the Atlantic Center Mall. The incident occurred at the Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant’s Tuesday, 40-cent, Wing Promotion. An altercation between restaurant patrons happened in the mall, which then spilled into the streets of Fort Greene, Brooklyn.
I was brought up on sweet, milky porridge made with rolled oats, but that all changed when I was shown how to make it by champion porridge maker Ian Bishop from Carrbridge in Scotland. My method is now his.
Although the idea of having little robot children who obey our every command without a second thought is really, really appealing , it's actually not what we should strive for as parents. Hal uses the example of the movie Ella Enchanted his book. (If you haven't seen this movie, it's really cute and well worth renting, in my opinion.) In this movie, Ella is given the gift curse of obedience. She must obey. She has no choice but to do everything she’s told to do. This curse of obedience forces her to do some awful things in the movie. Think about it. Even though the thought of a child who obeys your every command, sounds heavenly, would you really want this child to grow up doing what everyone tells them to do? What happens when their peers tell them to have a cigarette? Take drugs? Steal a CD? I don't know about you, but I certainly don’t want my child to simply follow along and do what they’ve been told. I want them to use their brains and think of the consequences before making a decision. I want them to make wise choices because they've learned about consequences from experience.
Before diving into the irresponsible and tawdry actions by government employees which was plastered on the front pages of the news of late, we need to first off recognize that those caught partaking of these misadventures are not indicative of government employees in general. The vast numbers of government employees are dedicated professionals who work diligently giving 100% efforts. Those who we refer to in what follows are the few bad apples in the barrel. Despite the joke about a substandard performance at a task as, “close enough for government work,” does a disservice to those who toil away, often thanklessly, in the services of the many layers of government. Most tasks performed by government employees are required to meet the same standards as similar professions must meet in the private sector, there are entire departments in government which hold their employees to an even higher standard. This editorial is about those government employees who have failed to maintain a high standard of discipline and judgment and have earned any aspersions thrown at them.
Tick Tock... "What's taking him so long?"
Swift is designed do not forget the road and climate conditions throughout India. Your efficient McPherson sway insides in the front helps increase handling and comfort point. The particular suspension product links the lower biceps and triceps of the suspension on the gearbox, steering, plus raise engine hanging to a insides figure.
My daughter and I went back into the house with our freshly
“We believe the awareness that UAF ambassadors can bring to the growing problem of abandoned, vacant housing in our cities will help Builders of Hope and CESI turn blighted neighborhoods into vibrant communities,” said Howard.
Even if you can't come to an event with me this weekend, I want to share an image that you can color for yourself.
“We barely made it on our three-hour-trip,” says Cemal Arabi, a 42-year-old refugee, after the group arrived from the besieged rebel stronghold of Idlib. “Assad’s soldiers are deployed along the routes.”
You’re going to scare him, Kugel said, looking deep into her eyes.
Usually I try to persuade people to visit us in May or October, since I think that the August landscape is comparatively dull; a uniform tired green, rather than the fresh colours of spring and the tawny glow of autumn. As we carried on up into the hills, however, we found ourselves in amongst the heather in full bloom. From a distance it looks fairly muted, but up close it is quite a startling magenta: the sort of colour you get in postcards from the seventies that were surely touched up, except…perhaps they weren’t? Heather really is that purple, even in the inevitable shower that swept over us just as we stopped to pick a bunch for our friend’s children in Copenhagen.
I think about family and friends and the ways in which these lines blur and cross-over, and how biology and non-biology are both a part of this, and also irrelevant in many cases. What is it that holds relationships together? The shared histories and futures? Interconnections and responsibilities? What is it that hangs out in the spaces in between bodies/people? I think about love for each other and memories, laughter and tears.
Myself, I've never trusted the guy -- I say this even though one of Kaufman's early credits is as a writer on my beloved Get A Life. But I very quickly became sick -- this happened as I was first watching Being John Malkovich in the theaters, in fact -- of Kaufman, for instance, stripping very old science fiction concepts of their SF accoutrements and riding that disguised genre into the open arms of people who think they don't like genre material and therefore don't read/watch it, and therefore marvel at the very idea that anybody, say Charlie Kaufman or whoever, could ever come up with stuff this original and smart, never mind that Kaufman and Jonze have already treated you as so thunderously stupid that you needed to be explicitly told what the film was about right before being shown what it was about. Show, don't tell, but if at all possible do both very loudly. So Kaufman would do this sort of thing, or he would take a genuinely good idea, an actually new approach to post-modernism, and then panic when things started getting too sincere. I'm talking about Adaptation here, a film about the act of literary-to-cinematic adaptation, and about what's lost and what's compromised, and about writer's block, and about Charlie Kaufman, and about commercialism and art, and reality, all that. But more than anything, Adaptation is a film about becoming a joke, and making everything that had come before the joke a joke, too, and it's about people deciding proudly that the only way to not like the joke is to not get the joke, and come on, you like jokes, don't you? Quentin Tarantino said of Adaptation something to the effect of (paraphrased) "Never before have I been so invested in a movie only to be completely thrown out of it by the end." I know how he feels.
A recent report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies showed that 71% of all alcohol units bought in the off-trade ware under 45p per unit, and from this I would expect the figure for those under 40p to be well over 50%. Rather different from 8%.
Quin - Someone off of Emporer's new groove
Artwear is sometimes wearable, but there are pieces in this book that aren't intended to be worn--it says so, in the text. At first I was offended: why even include those? But then as I thought about it, I realized that most artwear is meant more for display than it is for use as an actual garment. Most artwear is art, and art is something unto itself. Art--with a big A--has a theme, a purpose, a message, a goal. The artist making it has something they're saying or working out or pursuing. That goal--whatever it is--is what's important, not the clothing.
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
I think about how Jesus has this kind of ministry with us. He listens, He encourages. The Holy Spirit is literally “one called alongside to help.”
Emma Donoghue’s Room
Jeff Who?
All applications must be received by Sunday, March 25, midnight EST. Announcement of new DT will be made on the Challenge blog on April 6, 2012.
With more grateful and obedient new citizens like Angelo Marc Jandugan and Hong Xu joining the electorate each year, the PAP can ensure it retains its political hegemony and dominance for many years to come.
The direction is fantastic, the slow built up to the finale really pays off and the action sequences are fluid and awe inspiring, the interlaced battle sequences, flowing from one character to the next had me on the edge of my seat the whole time (if not even more so on the second viewing).
like a night in the forest
"You were just an echo of a world I knew so long ago..."
Every morning it's a struggle to get out of bed. Every day, it's a struggle to keep doing my work I'm supposed to be doing. It all just feels wrong, dammit.
Films of this sort must be transcendently good to overcome their content. Old San Francisco would be a lovely addition to any sociologist’s DVD collection, but as art, it’s just weak. The scene I’ll remember best from this one is not the quake, or the curls of opium smoke, or Delores’ glowing sword—it’s the moment when Buckwell’s face is bathed in the harsh light of the Vasquez’s sculpted Christ, and he’s revealed to have been Chinese all along. The camera draws in close, and we can see it clearly now. Oland is squinting.
I’ve spent the last day or so thinking a lot about content, and about the mantra of the ‘noughties’: content is king. It seemed that every major media organisation was happy to pay homage to its content, but didn’t quite know how to make people pay for it.
ARROW: Cover a 15 inch length of medium wire with Yellow. Secure ends with glue. Bind one end for 1 inch with Rust. Cut 40-3 inch strands of Rust and past in place to other end of arrow.
Friday’s eating was light because being out. I ate some Grits for breakfast (100 calories), Cheesecake Jell-o (150 calories), and a sugar free jell-o snack cup (10 calories); 260 calories
- Collage and Stencils
Features I'd like to see in Bedrock Bandage 3
Q: Europe? Where?
I think this image is called siblings? I gave it to hubby for his birthday. Its to him from the kids with a BIG hug!!!
“A great American movie that will leave you cheering. Positively thrilling.”
_____I like the Valentines cards that say "Will you beer my Valentine" (funny valentine quote)
Halflings can take 2 Treemen, strength 6! and if Star Players are allowed they can take Deeproot who is strength 7! Plus they have cheap access to the chef. That's not a bad team.
Penguin Classics
Tests- 188, Runs- 15470, Avg- 55.44, 100s- 51, High- 248*
Wanted to believe in all the words that i was speaking
But today's recipe is based on a concoction my gradmother used to make from the ripened guavas that she so dearly wanted to save from the group of bandits that we were. Jams and relishes from stewed guava with some sugar. That is also a reason to remember summer. When breakfast was fabulous with the homemade guava spread.
Everytime I look at these photos I get a giggle lol :)
Maybe I’m not your typical “dude” who wants action, action, and more action. I’m definitely all about the story with many levels, and I really feel like no movie this year did a better job of mixing great acting, excellent writing, comedy, emotion, and people I liked doing interesting and likable things. Joseph Gordon Levitt should be considered for Best Actor this year, but he won’t be mainly because the movie came out too soon, and is probably considered too light for most voters (because what’s a movie about a young guy dying from cancer if it’s not light?). My girl Anna Kendrick rocked it, again. Seth Rogen proved he could act, and not just be awkward (like his performance in The Green Hornet, for example). I cried at this movie, and I’m not ashamed to admit it. It’s the only one this year that really got me without me feeling a little manipulated (I’m looking at you “We Bought a Zoo”). The Oscar talk has really gotten a head of steam lately, and I rarely hear this mentioned, which is odd since Rotten Tomatoes has this as the 2011 Winner of the Golden Tomato award for Best User Reviewed movie. Everyone loved it.
1 cup fresh blueberries
'The Total Balalaika Show'
Griffin has the background for a State OP. A student at Downing College, Cambridge a well-known recruiting ground for spies. He went to Libya to meet Colonel Qaddafi in the 1980s where he would have met Libyan intelligence officers; the same intelligence officers who were meeting with and funding the IRA. Are we expected to believe the security services would not have wanted to talk to him after? This was at a time when Britain had no diplomatic relations with Libya. He was also involved with far right groups in Italy suspected of terrorist connections – the International Third Party.
In summary, what Thomas is saying is that Fruit Fly genome is such that further modifications cannot be made by evolution as all mutations are detrimental. He is also extending this into the past, effectively claiming that the D. melanogaster genome is Irreducibly Complex. This is again a dangerously large example if IC – there could easily be a simpler form, considering what we know from the two studies. A lot of research has been done on D. melanogaster, and I don’t know if there has been other studies showing places where you can mutate the fly to get surviving offspring. I have a hunch though, that there have been documented cases of this.
Please feel free to leave more praises (including specific praises) in the comments. He is good and we should remember that daily.
One deep breathe,
Kohl’s support for the legislation is critical because he’s a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and would have a vote when the roll is called to move the legislation to the floor. Lynn Becker, a Kohl spokesperson, said the senator had previously considered DOMA a state issue.
To further prove my fandom, below are some photos I took.
It's almost Thanksgiving! Are you having anyone over? Traveling somewhere fun? However you plan to spend it, I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving! This week we are (mostly) wrapping up our Thanksgiving Designs. The one I had in my head (if you follow us on Facebook) is still working out the kinks, so this is the other one I had in mind. :) Here we go!
So, just as a reminder, I'm going to be running this contest before each new book I write! So, if you didn't win this time, you have another chance for the next book in the Jolie series!!! More to come on that later...
To get the best gaming experience, you should also check whether the display is capable of display high resolution graphics and you also need to find out how good is the sound output. It may not be advisable to play games while the laptop is running on battery. Nevertheless, gaming laptops should provide you with good battery backup.
The big 66
Then I came home, made a poor decision and checked R's blog and his reading and movie logs, and then started crying in the shower. I ended up talking to my Dad and my closest guy friend, S. Three hours FaceTime talk-therapy later, I felt better and slept a good night's sleep. The talk was about all different stuff, not just me whining about the end of a relationship. S is one of those eerily positive people and just sees the world through this amazing filter that all of us could benefit from. I was intending to go out to a birthday party but when midnight rolled around and I was still on the phone, I decided I'd stay in and rest up.
Sat May 5th 12pm-7pm
Baby Girl is 5 months old today!
ShopNBC’s presentation will be broadcast live via audio webcast at 1:10 p.m. and at the same time the presentation will be
I am not at home but saw this fabulous email on my phone and had to post it. Thanks to everyone that went to bat for Smashwords!
If I do any of these things which allow me to turn away and remain silent, I am complicit. I am helping my government, with my tax dollars and my silence, to carry out a slow, secret, systematic genocide on a people.
That you were my past, my memory long ago
Directed by Mandeep Kumar and produced by TIPS Industries Limited, “Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya” hits theatres Friday.
(By the way, we do not even say things like “that’s for boys” or “that’s for girls” we simply allow all toys to be ungender specific)
Did you know that tomatoes are the most popular piece of produce to grow at home? Besides being delicious, tomatoes are fairly simple to grow. There are thousands of varieties to choose from. You can grow tomatoes in containers, raised garden bed, upside down, or in a traditional garden.
When I was in university, I wanted so bad to be a part of this group of girls. I wanted to be “in” with them and when I clearly wasn’t, it tore me apart. To this day I find it hard to see pictures of them all together, still friends. However, I don’t blame anyone but myself for what happened with them.
Their father stared at the wall for a moment. "I suppose you girls are old enough to know some things." He seemed to be choosing his words carefully, like someone picking through rotten fruit at the grocery store, trying to find something useful. "How much do you remember about Fletching?"
The Gods were originally Old Ones were from the time before the creation of the Universe. They possessed the ability to exist in multiple times and dimensions simultaneously.
Bærum
Abby Goyer's life has been turned upside down. Her mom died a year ago, her dad is consumed with work and his grief, and her dad's new job has transferred them from Washington D.C. to Alaska. Talk about a change of scenery. But with the change in scenery comes new secrets. Dr. Goyer's job at a place called "Jason Farms" is top secret, and when Abby discovers a young man in her room named Martyr who claims he's a clone from the Jason Farms, well, things start to get alot more interesting.
Most folks spend Easter eating chocolate, but of course, for me, it is prime beer drinking time. A long weekend with beer festivals left, right and centre, with the odd sprinkling of sunshine to remind you that there is a use for beer gardens other than freezing smokers' asses off.
As some of you may know, I have a bit of a Polyvore addiction. To me, being able to go in a program and virtually create room design boards is the equivalent of playing with Barbies as a kid (…without the whole Barbie-Ken smooching thing). I’m a really visual person, so when I’m designing a room it’s a huge help to be able to see how my ideas will actually look before I actually start working on a room. It also helps me to be able to experiment with different design elements without the commitment of going out and buying that wacky Amy Butler fabric or faux deer head. It’s basically risk free decorating. Love that. Okay – hang on for a highly technical (but hopefully informative) post.
Because of the recognized leadership position held by the University of Texas, the closure announcement came as quite a shock to the campus community and to accessibility experts and technology industry leaders globally. As business, government and academic institutions all over the world strive to build inclusive information technology design tools and techniques, the closure of one of the nation’s leading research institutes in the field is baffling to many.
The Stand Your Ground law has already been abused and/or (as in the case of Zimmerman) used to cover up some shifty and suspicious behavior.
Perhaps the answer is that we can’t take the cross in isolation.
We then find Frank at a restaurant with his right hand man, Doc (Ruben Santiago-Hudson.) Two younger neighborhood guys come in and Frank asks them about his cousin Nate. They tell him Nate has himself a club in Bangkok. He asks the two of them to come with him. Frank takes them to one of his drug hideouts and lets them shoot up for free as they're "in uniform."
Matamoras is less than an hour’s drive from the George Washington Bridge.
On a completely different note and whilst you are here I wanted to share a photo with you of my brothers little dog, who we have staying with us over the Easter weekend. She's a Jack Russell/Chihuahua X and as you can see has lovely black and white markings...one of which is almost heart shaped, especially when she's curled up in her bed :0)
Yes, we watch Glee. Who doesn't love a good musical number sung in the middle of a show? I've always enjoyed musicals and singing. Music has been a big part of my life for a long time. Makes sense I would enjoy Glee. Even Mr. man enjoys it. "High Schoolers" singing and dancing every day? Yes, please!
I can’t begin to tell you how often I get that question. It doesn’t bother me at all, but if I get the first question, it is almost guaranteed that the second one will be the follow-up. After my husband was asked the same questions this weekend he urged me to blog about it. (Rich is a new vegetarian, something he wants to try for a full year (he’s four months in!) and then see how he feels.)
Meanwhile-the last two weeks have been FREEZING in my office. The building is comfortable overall, but for some reason, my office and Ryan's office next door have been like a meat locker! Ryan actually had his coat on for a few days!!! It's complete insanity...an office should never be this cold.
While it is all quite unseemly, I don’t think these issues will keep Mr. Milbank from again voting for President Obama.
For these several reasons Judeo-Christianity can easily be used by its leader, and by the leaders of Israel, to carry out a political agenda that favors that foreign political state over and ahead of the interests of America, and ahead of the interest of any humans in the USA or any other country except Israel. For the most part followers of the cult do not know they are being used. Without this understanding many are confused between Judeo-Christian religion and its political agenda. Pro-Israel activists, including John Hagee, should rightly be registered as agents for a foreign government, so open are their objectives.,Some of our allies against serial wars attribute them to Israel, working through its agents and lobbies for the purpose of gaining US dollar support and creating chaos in the Middle East for its own benefit.
They had the power to change things but did not. They are beyond shame which is no surprise for they do not understand the concept.
All art is quite useless.
Although not credited, Smiling Monarchs was mixed by Bernard Sumner and is a pounding, sequencer driven track with lush string effects and a unique effect laden bass melody much akin to New Order. The similarity to Your Silent Face is clear to these ears. The flip-side Benway's Carnival reminds me of late period Ultravox and doesn't work for me. Smiling Monarchs is a lost Factory classic and deserves to be heard by all.
My name is Bryan Minor, I am the youngest of my fathers two sons. It is with a great deal of sadness and regret that I have found my way onto my fathers blog to post what will be "One Conservative Estimates" final post.
10-If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in, where would you move and why?
A new identity. Isn't it odd how we can do that in cyberspace?
Jeffrey Campbell Zero Peeptoe Wedge, approx $118
Snake Potion – Potion to “charm” the Golden Snake Staffs. The rolls are as follows:
I would say that I’m not judging anyone based on what they read, but I would be lying. I judge you all over the place. English major. Guilty.
How can you avoid those traps and eat in a way that improves your health and your mental/emotional state? According to this article, it’s just what I’ve been recommending to my clients – getting back to basics:
At the end of the West Ham Player Awards, on Monday evening, David Gold led a rallying cry to the side stating his expectations in the playoffs, and they were pretty straight forward. He fully expects us to go up as the side in the playoffs with the best squad, manager and fans. Well we will wait and see, because as we know from this season reputations mean nothing.
