Another way of asking this is how to introduce constructive change. With guilt, warnings, frustration and impatience, or perhaps a re-writing of the Christian story (a la Mclaren for example)?
What I hadn’t considered until a week ago was how real those boundaries had been.
Sometimes happiness comes with sadness.
After that you may have to change your ideas or the way your story is told and don't mistake a shorter book or a picture book for being one that is easier to write. Usually the fewer words there are, the harder you have to work to get it right.
Orders are coming in each day and soon we will have some feedback from customers who are using these templates.
The strike was authorized by the Yemeni government, which then made the announcement after the operation was complete, the officials said, part of the U.S. strategy to give the host government more public ownership of the operation being carried out on Yemeni soil.
that you will never bare now
assets from the General Fund of the Treasury. Because these
- 1 T. chia seeds
~Rieke~
3. Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer
This is the year Ontario schools will ban junk food from their premises. I predict lots of hand-wringing from good-food backlash types about children’s god-given right to soda, etc.
Chicken pie makes me think of American gradeschool hot lunch meals, comfort food, winter time, boiling hot filling that burns your tongue, and peas and carrots (every kids’ arch nemeses). However, when Beth, Ty’s mom, told me that she had made homemade chicken pie for her book club ladies and it was a huge success, I was immediately sold! Sold on the fact that Beth’s cooking is delicious, I had not contemplated chicken pie since being a child, the weather was perfectly chilly, and I love trying new recipes.
Why would I say that?
Please rest assured that Cathy will be sprung from the clink shortly, a sadder but wiser girl.
Now he has his chance... the Holstein scrambles to his feet and declares a blitz on my thrower.. makes his dodge away from the frog, makes 3 Go For Its: rolls the block dice: Push! (Yes!) My Thrower has agility 4, so I know I can just dodge away easily next turn, he knows it too, so he rerolls his blitz:
While he checked his e-mail
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus!
You ruined it all,
The best thing about Ne-yo is not the way he sings a song, but the artistry in his writing. That’s what fascinates me about him. He can write these words “I woke up in heaven today; she kissed me, I floated away ” and these “See you don’t gotta be alone; baby I’ll be your boyfriend; be your boyfriend til the song goes off ” and one seem just as genuine as the other. He’s not known for his songs about sex, but he’s no slouch – producing such classics as Mirror and Say It… those things just tend to get overlooked by the majority of the public because of the fact that it’s not something that he flaunts. You know he’s a freak, but for some reason, you (at least I do) remember the songs like Never Knew I Needed first. For me, that’s Jake. If you’ve ever taken the time to click on the tags of this blog to your right, you would notice that the posts about Jake are littered with thoughts of love, tortured feelings, and (GASP) nights of cuddling. But he’s no slouch either. In fact, he tops both of my lists, but that’s not what I think about for the most part when his name is brought up.
"Whatcha doing?"
Kyla - Victoria has a wealth of super creative, up and coming artists and designers in all fields, but what we’re missing are projects to take advantage of that talent. We need to expand on and support developers, business owners and restaurateurs who are willing to break from the norm and try something interesting and new.
A man came home from work and found his three children outside, still in their pajamas, playing in the mud, with empty food boxes and wrappers strewn all around the front yard.
Christian was adopted by the Greys (a Doctor and a Lawyer) @ the age of 4 the Greys loving caring parents but is so messed up due to his (crack whore birth mother) passing away. Yes its alot for a small child to go through but I can't see him holding a grudge for so many years. Ana is best friends with Kate who has sex quite a bit and often talks to her about it but Ana can't even say vagina, he touches me down there (Ah!) so fake there's no panting COME ON no omg I know some readers liked the book but don't waste your money on it (really wish I can get a refund) I didn't feel the ups and downs of the characters its like a train wreck you know its bad but you keep looking so YES I did finish reading all the series (bows my head in shame) This Series isn't worth any CUPCAKES as I would say NO!!!!!!!
The boys were playing hide and seek, and not fighting, which is a miracle, but not the funny thing...
1) Dried Bean Curd Strips - 5 pcs
Though I still plan on buying tons of fiction, I also want to buy more visually stimulating books on animals, landscapes, art, photography, etc. I bought the Audubon’s book on birds a couple months ago but would also like to get a big book on birds too. The wolves one I looked at yesterday and loved the pictures in it so will get it too.
This video clip, shared by my Mom, made me think of Spanky's joy of discovery. It may start slow, but it picks up at the 50 second mark.
I have a new range of bottles just in from Zenki from their Hi-Vibes Collection. Words and symbols have power and this range of Zenki bottle designs have been lovingly created with that in mind. Whether you are energetically aware, or just love the designs - these bottles will give a real lift wherever you go!
The millions of Palin loathers gag at the thought of this. But her string of victories by candidates she endorsed in the primaries, and a flip-flop in some polls that now show more people than not say that she should run, and a more than a few say that she should win, have radically changed the game.
Understand the world
Dave was also a commenter, and I was led to believe that he offered Jane help and support through her difficult times. I thought highly of Dave because he had been so caring and supportive of Jane.
Gosh, yes, all those dull, dry old stories of magical transformations, gods behaving badly, mortals doing battle with beasts…yawn! Seriously, though; to render these tales at all ‘dry’, you’d have to be the Biggest Dullard in all Drearydom, don’t you think? But of course it’s not just about adventure and excitement; it’s the emotional truth behind the narrative that makes the reader/listener really care. All those fragile mortals making tragically bad decisions…how many times did I pray Orpheus would not turn round this time. And poor old Icarus! That one really resonated for me, for some reason. You can’t fail to care.
i mean, really? who in their right mind argues with mike holmes on hgtv?
On my way to the 4 train, as I walk down 161st Street, in the shadow of Yankee Stadium, I pass a discount clothing store; outfits for urban warriors, male and female. The male mannequins are the usual blank faced generic male models. They pose and preen but there is nothing noteworthy about them. They are neither handsome or sexy. But the women are molded from the bodies of porn stars. The women have something to say. A simple t-shirt is stretched across mammoth breasts with huge prominent nipples.
The second game was the one we actually ended up winning. At first, it looked a bit grim since my teammate was getting pounded early on, but I was able to keep him afloat. For whatever reason they didn’t try to attach or harass me very much, thankfully. Near the end, my teammate had almost all of his army decimated, while I had a sizable one: about 20-30 units consisted of Zealots, Stalkers, Sentries, Colossi, and a few Immortals. It ended up that it was sufficient to tear up the other people, since I was able to catch them off-guard after he attacked my teammate. Learned from that match that I am awesome.
When he mentions important Jewish leftists like Leon Trotsky, Rosa Luxemburg and Herbert Marcuse, MacDonald fails to mention that these are not the heroes of Jews, or even just of Jewish radicals, but of the entire continental European intelligentsia.
3. Visit the nearby beautiful cathedral for its magnificent dome ceiling, stained glass windows and for your 'three wishes after you recite your 3 Hail Marys, 3 Our Fathers and 3 Glory Be's when you visit a church for the first time.'
PEED.
I've been through successful and failed relationships on this blog. I've had a baby. I've accomplished many of the things I wanted to do professionally like being an English professor. And I even went one step further to be a Program Chair--something I love but I never foresaw being an administrator.
And if that diamond ring won’t shine
Today I went on a 6 mile run, and the entire time my motivation was one of fighting back. I was telling CF that even if it takes 8 years... I'm not giving up. I'm keeping my lungs as strong as my will to fight. No matter how much I hate CF, no matter how much I hate the complexity of those stupid little CFTR proteins, I won't let that get in the way of my hope, my health, and my happiness.
There will also be a performance by Georgia Shakespeare at Tift Theatre, downtown, at 7 PM. This is FREE for all ages! Will’s World is an introduction to the world of Shakespeare through the eyes of the master himself! This interactive journey through the life and times of the world’s greatest playwright shows us how Will’s environment helped to shape both his life and his plays. Join us as the young William Shakespeare grows up to become the immortal bard before our very eyes!
OK, I'm off to bury my Woeful head in shame. Loving and giving? Well, I did try!
You may find some neat ways to store your craft supplies in this new mini-series.
that phase again
Thrift stores
If I had an image of someone putting a sledgehammer through a laptop I would have used that but sadly I didn't so I went for calm and cute instead !!!!! LOL!!!
Instead of just dropping Cam off at soccer practice, we hung out to provide a little needed moral support. After watching Ava flop out of the chair and crack herself up for about twenty minutes, we pulled out the camera phone and played the self portrait game.
They opened the doors of the van and stepped out. There was a strong smell of pine resin from the woods behind them. It was a bright, clear day, but you could tell it was early evening by the slight lengthening of the shadows. There was a hint of a warm breeze. The lake shore had been reinforced with gently-sloping stone blocks. The water was lapping against them with short, sucking sounds.
1-in-246
3) This would be a good time to add your flavour or food colouring. This is optional and you can be creative with your colours and flavours.
(2) Decant your sauces (we used caramel, hot fudge, and butterscotch) into easily pourable vessels. Keep the sauces towards the front of your toppings bar so they don't drip on other goodies on the table;
You reach out for a friend,
‘Anti-racism’ is a codeword for Anti-White
We’ve looked at our childhood and discovered much. With all that you now know, ask yourself if it is really your fault that you started life with any of the attitudes that later contributed to your problems? I know I don’t have to say this, but in case you’re wondering, the answer to that question is no. And you can stop believing them now if they caused you fear of any kind. You can change what you believe because now you have the correct information that informs your mind and spirit and ultimately your behavior.
Are these transplants successful? I think anyone who objectively evaluates this question will unequivocally say that these cultural transplants have been a miserable failure. Our worst parishes are the ones where this cross-cultural pollination happens most. By the way, since these cultural transplants are such failures, those who support them can only claim they are successful by changing the definition of success. Instead of success as measured by holiness, increased participation in the sacraments, growth in knowledge, private devotions, etc., the proponent of this ideal has to make the transplant itself a kind of measure of success. Thus, the success of incorporating Negro Spirituals is the simple fact that Catholics are now singing Negro Spirituals. The cultural cross-pollination goes from being a means to an end in and of itself; a "mutual enrichment" as Cardinal Dulles used to call it.
The music won't last..
This year, the silence was deafening – a new strategy of “look and see”. This, it is believed, was a directive from the top.
I reached up for to pull him in.
This was a really dumb idea of course, but I go through with it. I really hate when I am trying to help but instead I am just a distraction with all my screaming kids. That is pretty much how it played out.
I went to Mom’s again, this time to treat her to a recipe for which I made no substitutions. (I was feeling a little guilty about all the red pepper going on.) At the Farmer’s Market, Lily and I bought the World’s Biggest Beet. Look at it!
Eish, blogging is a brave thing, I guess. I do wonder.
The other day I made the oath not to use my second post to complain about how sexist 1960s science fiction can be sometimes. Well, that isn’t exactly what I intend to do today, but almost! I’ve resolved that I’m in my right to tell everyone that Stranger in a Strange Land is a very annoying book. I haven’t finished it, by the way, but I dislike it enough as it is and I don’t see why I should wait until I hate it to share my feelings with the world.
This forum — and the resolution we advocate for the city of Takoma Park and beyond — reflects our conviction that the NDAA’s indefinite detention provisions represent a civil liberties emergency for our country and our community. A law purporting to subject any civilian – American citizen or not – detained far from any battlefield to the threat of indefinite military detention is bad enough. One that threatens to do so based on unproven suspicion, without trial, of “belligerence” or of “support” of “associated groups” of terrorist organizations is intolerably broad, dangerous, and chilling. We the people concede such broad powers to our government at our peril; the mistake has been made; it must be undone.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to desire for someone to overpower me, simply because it makes me feel good, not realizing that I have to place myself in an inferior helpless position to experience this. Thinking that it is good simply because of the way it makes me feel.
Summary:
The title reminds you of the numerous books that you encounter in the “Self-help” shelf. I picked this one up just to read a few pages. I had no second thoughts about not buying it. What made me pick it up was a recommendation from Harsha Bhogle. Curiously, I turned pages to see if it offered any cricket stories inside. As I read on I really liked it and ended up buying it.
When it was time for me to go, he took the book from me and wrote something in the front. Then he told me what it meant. I kept his words stored carefully in my head all afternoon, and then promptly forgot them, so I now no longer know the translation of his message.
In connection with the motion to consider the opinion of the Chief Justice as a vote in favor of petitioners, the writer has the following to say:
As an old school gamer, I don’t think so. I think that it is getting away from the way games were meant to be played.
I guess working at it is the only option, but I don’t even know where to begin. I’ve been keeping people at an arm’s length for so long I don’t know how to stop. The second someone gets close I turn and run in the other direction. I’m trying to stop and learn that not all people are going to hurt me. It’s one heel of a thing to learn though.
Buchenwald was described as a work camp rather than designed purposefully for extermination and some people did survive it, though of course the harsh conditions and enforced labor took its toll on many. A segment of prisoners were indeed brutalized and experimented upon, but I would like to hope that Mr. Jankowski was not one of them.
11. Thee Headcoatees - Davey Crockett
I’d expose you to “UB40″
This movie rests on the shoulders of its lead actress and she delivers with such force that Saoirse Ronan is one to watch. At first I wondered how the fairy tale theme would mix with this tale of a little girl assassin, and then after watching it I realised that this is the type of fairy tale people will tell of our age. It has all the beats of the stories we were told, but it’s distinctly from this era. In keeping with that idea we get a terrific score by the Chemical Brothers, which is modern but works so well with everything playing out on screen.
Hello dear family! I bet you´re all excited to hear where I´m writing this email from. :D Let me give you a few hints....it´s from a beautiful city veeeeery close to Rio Pardo (20 kilometros), about the size of Provo, famous for it´s amazing cuca and delicious sausage, has the tallest catholic cathedral in South America and the German capital of Brazil.... and also where I´ve already been visiting every week for District Meeting. Yup!! My next (and likely last) city is none other than Santa Cruz do Sul!!
Shepherded through production by Assistant Brewer Patrick Lynch and contest winner Bill Kovach, the brew debuts as Reserve No. 16. Bill's entry bested nearly three dozen other submissions in Cricket Hill's 2010 competition to land in the pantheon of Cricket Hill brews. At 10.5% ABV, it's one of the biggest Cricket Hill has made over its decade of existence.
C: Just to remove a misconception here, the original Hebrew Torah says the earth was created in seven PERIODS. Periods are a lot more reasonable. I’m going to look at my Catholic Bible now and see what it says.
Dear More Than Conquerors, SComm, friends,
It's been long time ever since i wrote something sensible, not that i'am going to write sensible now but still.
-28 19 36.29 , +122 0 18.84
So do I agree with husband? Well, I got out my Granada box set after our conversation and had a Brett overdose. For me, he is still the best but this modern young challenger is not too far behind.
With significant revenue growth in the pipeline, the government in Baghdad is already working on a plan to expand next year's budget by more than a third.
Youngsters need to be active. It seems as though they're wired that way. Running, jumping, rolling are all part of everyday life for toddlers - after all, physical and cognitive development is their job. So, since screen time may not be an option, how can we expect them to stand still for any length of time? That doesn't mean you can turn your little one loose in the lobby. But you can encourage the use of large muscle groups, keeping them active but in one spot.
Immigrants, “Taking all our jobs!” Don’t be ridiculous, we haven’t got any jobs.
I began this recipe, (which was inspired by a recipe in the November 2003 issue of Better Homes & Gardens) by creating a mustard spread. The original recipe called for honey mustard and prepared horseradish. I didn't have either. I ended up mixing together some honey mustard salad dressing, some Gulden's Spicy Mustard, and a little wasabi (for that horseradish kick). It seemed to work really well!
Yes, claims Sebastian Seung. If you feel like your personal connectome pattern is a bummer—causing you, for example, to have chronic anxiety or obsessive thoughts—Seung says you can probably change it by consciously “pouring,” in a willed fashion, a desired neural activity through your brain (just as water can slowly change the course of a creek bed). I suppose he’s referring to things like behavior modification therapies and habitually facing your fears directly.
Thankfully -- and rightfully -- the seller has agreed to take the machine back and pay for return shipping. You simply cannot say that a machine with these kinds of visible flaws is in excellent condition. It makes you wonder what the seller was thinking.
Asking for a stiff sentence to be imposed, deputy public prosecutor S. Sellakumaran said:
Clare
Genre rules aren't hard to find on the internet and in tutorial guides. I'm not a big fan of 'how to' books but maybe I should become one. I prefer the 'how not to' type of tongue-in-cheek guide eg. 'How Not to Write a Novel' by Mittelmark & Newman. That particular book is great entertainment but trying to write with rules (or don't rules) can make the author self-conscious of style, stymie their spontaneity, crush any creativity and generally over-alliterate.
Saturday 19th & Sunday 20th Hunter Beer Co. Oktoberfest
Excusing herself to go to the bathroom, Abby breathed out a sigh of relief when she entered the cafe's empty restroom. One of the lights flickered making a soft sizzling sound. She had expected to do all the questioning of Burrows, but the other woman would barely look her way. The fact her hands had glowed when she first met Burrows threw her off, but she hadn't meant for Demetrius to take it all over.
The issue here is the quality of the explanations. Students stop listening when the answers are unclear, too long or abstract, or when it is not answering their question. Perhaps learning to give good explanations, rather than getting rid of them completely is key.
Cheryl Echevarria, Owner
And the story lines... the places this series goes. Michael dates a blind attorney and every. single. joke a person would think yet never say about a blind person? It goes there. There are no sacred cows, "oh no we cannot" in Arrested Development. People behave badly over and over. Add to it some off the wall plot lines that tie it all in together -- because OF COURSE the blind attorney that Michael is dating? Turns out to be prosecuting Michael's father! Except Michael lied about his name at the bar where he picked up the woman during an intended one-night stand. And Michael doesn't realize until the next day that the woman is blind and suddenly finds himself in a relationship (under an assumed name and made up career) because you cannot dump a blind woman! And his family finds out and realizes this is the perfect chance to sneak into her house and read the files she has on the Bluth family! And decide to do it while she's at home because, you know... blind. And all that is in one episode, with other things going on, and its amazing and beautiful and hurts from laughing so much.
We each had another close friend and they joined our threesome. We shared lockers together, makeup with each other, traded clothing and spent weekends at each others houses. Lunch at school we had "our table". We sat together. Everyday.
Price: $21.99 at BC Liquor.
This is a hunch.
And today I am forever changed.
I would have also said that I’m grateful to 2010 for giving us one of the best Kathy Griffin Specials, Whores on Crutches, her funniest since Strong Black Women. But it’s too much of a giveaway.
Unlock appellation awning characters
I do really like it now, I just wish I had an internet flatrate... I might have to change providers to get a cheap one.
The cover in question is small paperback romance novel that I came across in a Salvation Army thrift shop. An idle glance at the book bin had this to offer:
Prom face! I later took out my circle lenses because they were irritating my eyes. I really need new ones :x I was pleased with my makeup though :3
Then, in my personal timeline anyway, came Samuel Adams Boston Lager, offering richer flavours: deeper maltiness and an unashamedly bitter finish. Over the years, it has deservedly become a classic of the quality beer scene in the States -- so popular, in fact, and produced in such quantity, that some apparently started to wonder if it could still be called a “craft beer”. In any case, Boston Lager surely deserves the moniker, “gateway craft beer”, because for many people, this is the first step on a life-long love affair with quality brews.
I do not love it when Blowfish speaks to me like I am a short order cook positioned in his Kitchen to
In a separate bowl, beat the eggs into the melted butter.
The O2 Arena, incidentally, is where multiple award winning singer Michael Jackson was to have had his final series of concerts in London. Hence, needless to state the size and prestige the venue holds.
There are gardens at some of the sites. The neighbor nearest my back door has a plot all ready and fenced, just waiting until it warms up enough to start planting. He said I could use one or two of the rows, so I may be gardening this summer. I never even thought that someone would be gardening at the job sites.
It is a well-known phenomenon that spacecraft engineers, pilots and scientists, on their return to Earth after a space mission, express feeling ‘transformed, changed, uplifted’ and ‘born-again’ by their experience outside Earth’s atmosphere. From liftoff as hardened scientists, electrical engineers, they return as philosophers, enlightened spirits.
So I am going to reveal some personal information in the name of helping ladies everywhere. Recently I have been feeling really really not so good at all. I thought it was stress, with weddings and job changes etc., but it turns out that all of the crap I have been feeling, anxiety, fatigue, extreme dizziness, mood swings, and all around general crazy is from my birth control! I am writing this because i finally checked out some of my symptoms on the Internet and discovered that I am not crazy, and plenty of other women have felt theses same symptoms. So I am adding my voice to the fray, since you never know who will read this.
I do not suggest that science is perfect. Deepak says that science has never achieved pure objectivity, and he is right. For one, the concepts employed in science are concepts conceived by the human brain. Aliens with different brain structures, thought processes, and sense organs might view matter in completely different but equally valid ways. And if there is a certain kind of subjectivity to our concepts and our theories, there is also subjectivity in our experiments. In fact, experiments that have been done on experimenters show that there is a tendency for scientists to see what they want to see and to be convinced by data they wish to find convincing. Yes, scientists and science are fallible. Yet all these are reasons not to doubt the scientific method, but to follow it as scrupulously as possible.
Try a Hint of Mint
Don't you just love the little bubbles? I only added this picture because of that....and the brilliant red color which I swear is only possible if you use freshly juiced cranberry juice...
Integrity
In addition, several applicants have applied for the priority schemes enabling married children to stay close to their parents. About 30 percent of the applicants also took up the Married Child Priority Scheme (MCPS) while eight pairs of parents with their married children have made use of the Multi Generation Priority Scheme (MGPS) for the BTO flats in Bedok.
Those were the good memories. And I have so many more...
Brown vetoed death penalty legislation when he was previously governor in 1977, but the legislature overrode him. In his 2010 campaign for governor, he swore to uphold the state law.
I haven't been disappointed by anything Sixpoint has brought to Indiana and am very happy that they're here. This beer is a good one, but it's not on par with Resin or Gemini. 3.80 Mugs.
I care when people hurt or abuse others, try to intimidate, rip off, annihilate, destroy… And it seems like over mankind’s history, many people and groups of many religions and beliefs have darkly stained histories that have had individuals that have done exactly those things:The Spanish Inquisition. The Holocaust. The Crusades. The Muslim Conquests. Heck, most of us read the paper or watch the news, and the other day, did you read about an 80 year old nun in Spain who is facing charges of a baby-stealing ring…
Green herbs- (Parsley and Celery) to be dipped in salt water. The salt water represents tears of sorrow during the captivity of the Lord's people.
While I collect myself and process, y'all should play a game. First one to guess our costumes correctly wins 1,000 points!
This morning was special for me. I demonstrated the differences between an electric and an acoustic guitar for my daughter and her second grade classmates.
In the meantime I was to make a bizzarre trio of dishes, Pea and Coriander Soup, Potato and Spring Onion Salad, and Pear Belle Helene. All three had amendments after Darina had demonstrated them yesterday. The Chillis were too hot and instead of using one we were now to use one third of one to minimise the heat produced. The potatoes were likely to fall apart and instead of neat dice were were able to produce a 'rustic' salad provided it did not verge on the agricultural. Finally the combination of pears poached in lemon syrup and chocolate sauce was deemed too rich, use the lemon or the chocolate.
Hello everyone .. sorry i am a bit late - been out enjoying the lovely weather .Fingers crossed it continues for Easter .,,, and talking about Easter -here i am to announce the winner and top 3 of my Easter wishes challenge .
In what must surely qualify as the worst movie ever made, Kevin Costner’s baseball flick “Field of Dreams” is based on the premise “if you build it, they will come”.
However, due to his lack of size, Mike can be neutralized by double teams rather easily and will be washed down the line when the bigger offensive linemen swallow him up at the point of attack. He doesn’t have the strength or bulk to consistently hold up in defending the run and is far away from being anything close to an anchor inside. Mike does play with good leverage and technique at the point of attack, showing the ability to bend well with good quickness to play underneath the offensive lineman and penetrate the line of scrimmage. To be effective in the run game at the next level, he would need to be used in a scheme that is predicated on shooting the gaps and penetrating the line of scrimmage. Where he has the skills to make an impact is as a pass rushing tackle on third downs. While he won’t ever be seen bullrushing his way into the backfield, he’s a true one-gap penetrator whose quickness and explosion off the ball are his greatest strengths. He offers active hand use at the point of attack with a better pass rush repertoire than you expect to see from a defensive tackle. Mike makes good use of his swim and rip moves after getting up into the blocker with good leverage. Displaying good anticipation and timing off the ball, Daniels is frequently one of the first off the ball and across the line of scrimmage, making him a very difficult player to block for some of the bigger, more stiff offensive linemen he faced in the Big Ten.
Congratulations, Leah Ann!! Please contact me before Sunday, February 27, at 8 AM EST so that we can get the MINIS out to you!
throw my lil sis a bachelorette party!!
Are they all there? Anything missing? Did you count? Find any sharp points?
So, I have claimed that conflicts can be good, but you still don’t want them to continue forever, right? Being in the middle of a conflict can be exhausting, and it is only beneficial if the parties end the conflict by coming to an agreement.
#122. beers with dad
Information on can be found at the site.
If even seeing a photo of ritually anointed bread causes you to recoil and make snotty comments? Maybe you're not invited to their table. They have bloody bread on that table.
Keep adding the layers, here the eyes, pink of the ears and nose, he is beginning to take life! I think in my final image I used my circle punch to cut out dark dots to put in the center of those light colored eyes. I don't know why that picture wasn't added.
As soon as the planner was downloaded I dove into it with eager anticipation... until I discovered it was 614 pages long!! WHAT? Are you KIDDING me? I didn't know whether to be ecstatic or scared. I never ever expected to see that many pages in a planner! What in the world was included in this thing? I knew right then that I could have NEVER come up with anything even close to this on my own. Not in the remaining 10 years I have left of homeschooling! Who has the time?!
Also, on the topic of real food, this sketch made me laugh last night on SNL (it does contain some minor swearing, so you probably won't want to watch it with little kids in the room):
The Ship's quiet issuance in December didn't do it any favors. In spite of its unfortunate timing and complete absence of hype, The Ship is the best album released by a Kansas City jazz artist in 2011.
In principle, this is same as the classic economic theory of comparative advantage of nations.
The latest development made People wonder if the fire of love is still burning.
As for today’s chocolate recipe, I hope you’ll find it worthy of a sleuth. Why? Because these fudgy cookies have the flavor and texture of gooey chocolate brownies, yet they are lower in fat than a typical cookie. By sneaking in an entire can of pureed pumpkin, I’m able to replace all of the shortening in the recipe while simultaneously bringing iron, dietary fiber, and vitamins A, C, and E to the Halloween party.
I also needed to get the clay pot heated up slowly as I was cauterizing the rabbit in the frying pan. You need to heat these things up slowly or they can crack!
MOST IMMEDIATE
Below is a hodge-podge list of places to check out, ranging from low-brow street food to high-end local and sustainable cuisine. The list is by no means exclusive and we should probably plan to do a Part II for all the great places we're forgetting. But until then, check out this list, grab a fork, and get ready to dive into Baltimore's finest eats:
What was it these dresses have in common? And almost every other plus-size dress I clicked on? Your Complete The Look sidebar? Spanx. Thigh shapers. Bodysuits. Things to squish and suck and shape and cover and “hide my flaws”. Even for blousy loose fitting summery dresses. Even for a freaking caftan. (though, ironically, that last one is the one I’d be most likely to wear them with.)
Baring's career as a novelist was relatively short, commencing with the publication of Passing By in 1921 and ending prematurely 15 years later with the onset of the debilitating effects of Parkinson's disease. In between, he left his claim to posterity in the form of several novels of outstanding grace. C, published in 1924, was highly praised by the French novelist André Maurois, who wrote that no book had given him such pleasure since his reading of Tolstoy, Proust, and certain novels by E.M. Forster. If anything, Baring was to enjoy greater success in France than in England. Ten of his books were translated into French, with one – Daphne Adeane – going through 23 printings in the edition of the Librairie Stock. Others were translated into Czech, Dutch, German, Hungarian, Italian, Spanish, and Swedish.
There are no words...
Coinciding with the emergence of this “anomaly” on April 10th, this report says, were violent near-surface earthquakes that have as yet not subsided and have led to earthquake expert Graham Kent, the Director of Nevada Seismological Laboratory at the University of Nevada Reno, to state his “growing concern” as hundreds of quakes continue to shake the region.
For this tutorial I'm making a very simple rope using size 11 seed beads with 3 outer beads over 4 core beads.
I write long today because we fly to China on Tuesday and I might not be able to post on Blogger there. One more piece to come on this theme though.
I’ll leave it here, because today is all about the VLM runners!! Well done to all of you! Amazing!!
‘‘(f) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit any other authority to use a cybersecurity system or to identify, obtain, or share cyber threat intelligence or cyber threat information.
-I am holy and blameless to him.
1 fold
But I am going to need a LOT of tweaking, because I am a product of those who "know," and that tends to have me, perhaps like most people on this planet, wanting conclusions instantly and missing the usually wonderful, always unfinished process of discovery. As Questioning pointed out, "dogma is living with the results of other people's thinking," and while I'm getting better at calling out dogma, I hope I can eventually eliminate my usual kneejerk reactions of either pummeling dogmatists with all that I "know" or running away screaming in judgment. Better results should come from my often being mindful of Jung's famous quote, "Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." And if questioning things isn't pretty, understanding them ain't the belle of the ball, either. Shall we dance?
According to the autopsy report, Chandler died after suffering six gunshot wounds. The victim was killed during a robbery of a Tulsa convenience store where he worked.
3. current
Today I am also feeling really excited about camping! We put our new, amazing tent (above) up yesterday for the very first time. It was a VERY generous present from the in-laws for Christmas and we're all very excited about being able to camp for more than five minutes without having everything we own disappear into the black hole that was a 3-man bedroom compartment being shared by five people. This tent has a lounge!! We may sell our house and move into it permanently... ok, we won't, but it is brilliant, comfortable and the source of much excited planning for holidays this year. Hooray!
New FADS Stockholm UK
Here in North West Florida Fahrenheit 451, books are banned, there is no education and people are encouraged to be stupid. That doesn't stop me from raiding the dumpsters at night at the risk of being incinerated on the spot to retrieve precious knowledge.
Mr. Lynn reports on a conversation with the head of one of the largest publishing houses in the U.S.:
I have to say kudos to that office, though. The last time I dealt with this sort of sleazy salesmanship, I was buying a used car!!
Oh hello someone is peeping in this picture.
“A spirituality revolution is taking place in Western and Eastern societies as politics fails as a vessel of hope and meaning. This revolution is not to be confused with the rising tide of religious fundamentalism, although the two are caught up in the same phenomenon: the emergence of the sacred as a leading force in contemporary society. Spirituality and fundamentalism are at opposite ends of the cultural spectrum. Spirituality seeks a sensitive, contemplative, transformative relationship with the sacred and is able to sustain levels of uncertainty in its quest because respect for mystery is paramount. Fundamentalism seeks certainty, fixed answers and absolutism, as a fearful response to the complexity of the world and to our vulnerability as creatures in a mysterious universe. Spirituality arises from love of and intimacy with the sacred and fundamentalism arises from fear of and possession of the sacred. The choice between spirituality and fundamentalism is a choice between conscious intimacy and unconscious possession.”
5) Upon arrival, fake it till I make it
Jane has very kindly asked me to prepare a guest blog post on the topic of the private theatricals in Mansfield Park, and to try and explain why Fanny’s censorious attitude towards them seems to have been in complete contradiction to that of her creator, Jane Austen.
This seem to work well for me because my perspective of a product significantly changes from the time I first try it, to when I find its place in my daily life, until the time I'm down to the last drop.
Then the coup, which has a funny twist to it. A very pleasant representative of the Indiana Railroad contacted me to use that same photo for their 2010 calendar. May, to be exact, an inset over a photo of a train of hoppers carrying nurdles to a production plant. From use in an environmental awareness magazine to use by the folks who transport them every day and night. The twist? A railroad worker's carelessness lead to me finding them in the first place. Full circle, anyone? I asked for a calendar or two in exchange for use of the photo. The representative from the IRR went me one better: that little photo paid off in some very nice swag, most all of it in Indiana Railroad red, and thanks again guys!
Emptiness burning
This is nearly unheard of for me, this planning and mapping, and yet I still managed to scramble at dinnertime, just like I do every night.
Congrats, Kat - contact Sandie using the sidebar email link to claim your prize.
he would forget his destination
Ah well, sometime soon Mr Gaunt-Looking-Surgeon (or if I get lucky, Mr Genius) will re-appear and set a date to unzip me (again) hoover me out (again) and patch me up. (again)
The prep for this took maybe 10 minutes and with the baking for 20, it is a 30 minute meal! Soooo good too. My mom and my boyfriend had some and they loved it, too.
out what all the wonderful designers have in store for you.
Before I go patting myself on the back, I must admit that this change should have happened two or three years ago. Frankly, fear of change, failure and the unknown have kept me from making good on my never ending promises to just pull the damn trigger. This year threw me right over the edge, and for once that is a wonderful thing. I found my proverbial balls and stopped complaining and sulking about how miserable I was and started living differently. It began with small things and snowballed up to bigger life changes. I see opportunity everywhere, right there for the taking. It is invigorating.
Believing you every day from the bottom of my heart
It's the 7th.... blog hop! AND a new release of digital word art, a new image and the release of some previously only rubber stamps!!!!
I mean, soccer can only be played up to a certain age, but sleeping is a sport for life.
-Programmed speech (like politicians who do not talk to the public, or those who allowed to speak freely)… *When is the last time your politician in high office is allowed candid non-censored moments with the public?
We have lots of deer here. We have heard that the deer eat the tulips. We figured we would be okay. There were lots of bulbs- one or two would have to survive.
I always had the notion that once I forgave my abuser and my family it would all be over. Something akin to an angel descending, bopping me on the head with a wand, and all the feelings of anger and pain are over. That's what I thought it was to forgive, when you no longer feel any anger or hurt, and it's just magically gone. And let me clarify, I want to forgive for me. It's not about saying that what they did was ok, that it was no big deal. No. It's about freeing myself of disabling pain. I once read a quote by Lewis B. Smedes that says, "To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you."
Oh, how I crave a corned beef sandwich from a real, authentic deli... I would do anything for a mile high stacked Reuben, all seasoned bagels with cream cheese, a complete lox plate, big kosher dill crunchy pickles, smiley face or black and white cookie yummm. My jew gene has definitely been in full force, and although BA does have a lot of Jews, they are lacking on the deli scene.
11/15 - OG was only 1.081 which means I got about 58% efficiency, which is bad. I had problems hitting my mash temp, was around 160˚ for awhile, so that is part of it. Chilled the wort down to about 68˚ and racked onto yeast cake from spice ale at about 1pm.
Opt 4 showing women and girls as more than boy crazed, make up obsessed, bimbos.
Is it any wonder
When your job is to give people back money they may have lost or forgotten about…or didn’t even know about…it’s a great gig, right? It’s even better when you can promote it so that the people who should be searching for their cash actually realize that what we do isn’t a scam.
The contest will begin at 3/9/2010 and will end 3/31/2010. Make sure that the e-mail address you leave is correct.
Next Sundays winner will receive FIVE yes FIVE digis of choice and our runner up will receive 3 digi's of choice from our store, including our Christmas New Releases...
Writer, “Little Women”
I got started listening to Dave Matthews from my best friend in high school. We turned into quite the groupies, traveling to as many local concerts we could. Boy, I could tell you some stories sometime over a glass of wine!
6 cups water or vegetable stock
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is the process of optimizing the content of your website in order to achieve better results in the popular search engines (e.g., Google, Bing, etc.). As the number of sites on the Internet has grown, it has become harder for companies’ websites to get “to the top” of the various search engines. Here’s what you need to know about SEO:
Drizzle syrup over apple mixture; sprinkle topping over syrup. Bake at 375° for 30 minutes or until apples are tender. Cool on a wire rack.
And Saturday will be the seven year anniversary of my father losing his battle with stomach cancer.
c) Genius IQ AND musical/photographic/acting/writing/amazing artistic ability
So we go off the interstate and head for the golden arches, with Connor getting more and more excited about the impending cheeseburger coming his way. Boys are both happy and at this point I assume that the growing rash on my legs is the most dramatic thing to happen during my day. I really need to stop assuming things.
They are leaning their young heads against their mothers---
Shoes created by 8th graders. What a process! Tennis shoes collected by staff:) wrapped in Saran Wrap, one layer of plaster strips, then pulled out through a slit cut up the heel. Added two additional layers of plaster strips and painted!!
"So how you doing Greenie. Haven't seen you in here in a while?"
This booklet is not a manual telling you how to be a good parent. It’s a collection of thoughts and ideas from ordinary mothers and fathers, based on their own experiences of bringing up their children. And it includes a few extra thoughts from one or two Catholic priests, deacons and lay-people who have spent time supporting families in different ways.
Learning to naturally feel when a conversation belongs to you, or your ‘conversator’ is important. Also, it’s usually a good thing to be looking at them when they speak, not only so that they know you’re attentive, but also so that you can read their facial language and read their emotions. You can tell if they’re being annoyed by your consistent cut-offs (some cut-offs just for a couple of words or even a small question are okay, it shows that you are listening and interested); however if it is consistent it can easily get annoying and make a conversation go sour quickly, or cause it to go one-sided, though the goal is to be able to read when it is going one-sided.
4x Faithless Looting
Owing to public pressure, the undeclared embargo on movement of essential supplies was eased within days. But what remains even today is an uneasy quiet in Tirunelveli district. The stories that local activists tell are quite disturbing. Public demonstrations against nuclear power are not permitted. Private halls and autitoriums in schools and colleges are not available for meeting critical of nuclear energy.
If you get into a car accident in Camden, the city’s chief of police has this advice: Don’t bother calling the cops unless there are injuries or blocked traffic. Likewise, don’t call about vandalism. Or minor thefts.
Anyway, so, unless there were aliens about – which there doesn’t seem to be any real evidence for such a notion, then, this thing… whatever it was - was not alien.
After a week of forced carbonation, it was ready. I took a growler to this month's homebrew club meeting, and folks seemed to enjoy it. I know I do. I'm going to age it a bit longer in the keg to bring out more of the oak and whiskey flavors before bottling.
Agent Eliza D. Braun is lovely, witty, and prefers dynamite to reinforcements as she works as a field agent for Her Majesty’s Ministry of Peculiar Occurrences. Once being assigned to assist Archivist Agent Wellington Thornhill Books in the Ministry’s vast archives, she finds herself itching to return to the field.
The issue is not the jeans problem in and of itself. The jeans problem clearly transcends gender lines. The issue is who we decide we're going to discuss the problem with.
Contemporary Christian music (a.k.a. CCM), which stems from the Jesus Movement of the late 1960s, has introduced many talented performers/singers over its 40+ year history. And like any of the other industry genres, there are only a few artists whose music has stood the test of time. Carman is one of those artists. Though he’s now primarily seen and heard on the Trinity Broadcasting Network (a.k.a. TBN), Carman’s music is still known for its varied styles and strong Gospel message.
I couldn’t help but think of that Saturday. I was at the game Friday night, which drained me with the idiot and disrespectful San Francisco Giants fans infiltrating MY stadium, and MY section, and then the Mets coming back and looking as though they could win it. Bruce Bochy, in an effort to outsmart Terry Collins, made pitching changes with every pitch, practically, then won the game on a stupid move.
I guess that's all for now. Hope you have a great weekend people! :)
Sine cosine angular momentum in tetragonal Brahman bliss
Working my way through the list of suggested themes included with the comments to Sepia Saturday 109 I get to LINDA of the delightful blog THE PAPER COLLECTOR and from her list of possible suggestions I choose one of my very favourite subjects - BOOKS. As a theme, perhaps it is a little more challenging than the likes of dolls and dogs, but remember, you can interpret the theme with all the ingenuity you can muster. Pictures of books, pictures from books, books of pictures .... the possible list is as long as your imagination and knowing my Sepia Saturday contributors as I do, I know that is as long as a ten volume encyclopedia.
Congratulations to the winner of the
The month of April has not been a very good month for the Fishers. We’ve dealt with some family issues, I lost my wallet, the near death of our beloved dog, and now the loss of a child. Late last week, I found out I was pregnant – which was a great shock, but exciting nonetheless. So as Robert and I began to make decisions and change our life plans to factor in another baby, things changed again. Yesterday, I lost the baby.
I have to think this isn't in perfect condition. On-line, I occasionally read references to a tartness.
Thank you for your dedication
2) In politics, as in life in general, you should treat other people as you would wish them to treat you.
Last August I found myself in a fantastic place.
10 Year Government Bond Yield likely to move in the range of 8.54/70 and if on the closing basis the Yield closes above 8.65 levels for the two trading sessions than it may spike to 8.77 levels.
If you're unsure, you stop and check. And maybe double-back to check your bearings.
solid gnomes are super cunning, super intelligent beings and cannot be studied or measured
The Case: This is the part of the cartridge that holds the bullet (and the next two parts the propellant charge and the primer). It is generally made of brass, but can also be made of steel or aluminum; or brass plated with nickel. Generally speaking, the case is far longer and and far heavier than the bullet (or in fact, heavier than all the other pieces put together), and may be far larger diameter (frequently they are, in rifles, but rarely in hand guns). It is also often called "the casing", or "the brass".
It seemed to me that no matter what was going to happen last night, Chelsea were going to emerge as winners. The script had already been written, the massive sea change that has occurred at Stamford Bridge under Roberto DiMatteo is currently at high tide, and to be fair, shows little sign of subsiding.
My problem is when they decide to take the biting and killing and raping and gore a little too seriously for a softcore piece of fluff where, if they were going to make it for their core audience (or at the very least, use it as a male fantasy aid), they need to make it a little less realistic. Let me put it this way, guys: who wants to have to worry about looking at sexy women in various types of undress and positions while avoiding any possible gore right around the corner?
It's been a little while since I've posted any new pictures, so I grabbed my camera and snapped a few fun ones at our town's fireworks festival last night. I'll get them uploaded and on here just as soon as I finish my list of 1, 257, 948 things to do! ;-)
Even the richest person in the U.S. Congress looks a modest earner compared with the NPC’s wealth. Representative Darrell Issa of California has a maximum net worth estimated at $700 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. If he were in China’s NPC, his ranking would fall forty notches.
Deans of Cathedral Churches
I need to know a few things:
like a great silver disk in the violet sky.
Step 2 (and this is where the magic really happens): The Foot File.
As many of you know, I love succulents, and the Philadelphia Flower Show is certainly a heaven for succulent lovers. I hardly know where to start trying to show you some of them. And... how many days of them do you want to see? After all, most of you may not find them nearly as fascinating as I do.
it's kind of pointless (unless you like that sort of thing-the prostitute NOT the dentist)
"I suppose I'll get used to it."
So I started with the clearout as soon as we dropped him off at the vet's for the last time. Bob next door helped me carry him out. He was dead on the kitchen floor you see.
The president warned union members that Republicans would rather give “rich folks” more tax breaks, than invest in the American worker.
Had to run back to you tube for a refresher course or ten, since I for the life of me couldn't remember how to do a split chain.. of course in the middle of a project. *sigh * I am SO SO grateful to all of wonderful Tatting video's there!
Based on conversations over the years with reader and writer friends, I'd say a big "yes" to that. Friends who recommend books to me will say, "She's too stupid to live, but he's gorgeous". And so, they're reading the book for the hero.
Keeping your spirits up in the face of the business climate in our art forms is pretty tough. I'm a pretty up-beat guy, most of the time, but once I start looking at the climate outlined above, it's easy for other, completely unhelpful thoughts to creep in.
Phase 1) Bring false Accusations against Government
Peggy’s father, Nick (Walter Abel) is a journalist on a sleepy smalltown publication who is so excited when he hears about the Wright Brothers that he packs up his job and goes into flying instead. Peggy and her two friends watch agog and try to imitate him, with an amusing scene where the two boys fly a giant kite and get Peggy to go up in it, getting stuck in a tree. However, the laughter turns to tragedy when Nick attempts a record-breaking flight. His plane crashes in a field straight after take-off and the pilot rolls clear of the wreckage but dies in his wife’s arms. The two young boys both offer comfort to Peggy and there are hints of how they will both grow up to love her. The young Pat is played by future musical star Donald O’Connor, who also plays the young Beau in Beau Geste.
For the buildings in the cities and the towns, it’s tradition for them to light up in the winter, their storefronts decorated in twinkly tinsel, red and blue lights, and snowflakes. Snowmen to spring up on street corners, and reindeer and other symbols of the season appear on billboards. The houses deck themselves out in lights and figurines, and some of the parks and public places turn into a shining dance of lights and snow.
I am sure you have noticed I haven't posted a new template for quite some time. Alas, my little family, work, and other things have required my time. I have enjoyed this creative space as a hobby. I am grateful to all those how enjoyed it as well.
I did take Seroquel (quetiapine) which as I’m sure you know can be a mood stabiliser, but am not currently taking it. Perhaps I should consider going back on it, i’m not sure.
When I’m swinging from the gallows
This is what I mean by two sides. Did the rescue know that the dog was aggressive? Did the rescue know the dog had never been with a family? Did they “rescue” him just for the sake of rescuing? Will you ever know?
The Vedic texts explain that the soul is a part and parcel of the Supreme. It is qualitatively one but quantitatively different from God, like a spark of fire which has similar qualities to the larger fire, but is insignificant in size compared to the actual fire. Because the soul has this eternal connection to God, it has a natural tendency to reach out to God during difficult times. These opportunities provide the soul, which is stuck in a material body, to again reach out to God and rekindle that relationship.
An Article By Susan Carpenter, Los Angeles Times, April 29, 2012
1-inch nub ginger, minced
I really do appreciate all your encouraging words.
Orange Soda. I used to drink orange soda all the time. For some reason, I thought it was good. That’s probably because Kel Mitchell looooooved it… and I looooved Kel Mitchell. However, after he disappeared, so did orange soda. But where did it go? They, like, don’t sell it in vending machines anymore…
So now I have my hypnotist clown, and I know he is perfectly suited to being a monster keeper, but his story is stillborn. It doesn’t matter that I want to write The Traveling Vampire Show. It’s been done. And done well enough, by an author famous enough, to win a Bram Stoker award. (How that happened is beyond my ken.) Oh, and it looks like there’s a movie version in production too.
1/8 lb. Roasted Barley
We’d had a bit of a joking plan that I would have some Guinness after the birth for various reasons, and I mentioned this with a bit of an “oh well it’s not going to happen now.” Lloyd said he could duck down to the shops and get some so I said, dammit why not, and get some chocolate too! So he ducked out and I cruised along in my little nest on the lounge, gazing at my candles, birth flags, and mandala cards, feeling very happy. He got back quickly, cursing the backwaters shops for shutting early (it was just after 9pm). No Guinness for me but we had chocolate! I didn’t want any at that point though.
as you can see there is a big light orange stain left on her face.
Daydreaming aside, I become physically repulsed by people who touch their eyeball with their finger. My girlfriend enjoys winding me up in this manner, and she’s lucky that I don’t vomit all over her in disgust, thus exacerbating her emetophobia. I also hate the thought of having eye drops in. During one particularly pollen-filled summer, I decided to try some eye drops to alleviate the symptoms. Let’s just say most of the fluid ended up streaming down my own face instead.
Unlike my son's room makeover, I did not complete the 'sprucing up' of this Guest Bathroom in two weeks, nor was it my only focus. I also didn't have a vision for it when I started....I had a wild hair to paint stripes, so I did. I thought the cabinets would look better dark, so I painted those. One thing led to another, and several months later I have a completely 'new' bathroom.
After a brief intermission to wash the dog (after she rolled in horse poo!) the kids fed the horses some grass and carrots
"Ha! Like you need to study. My brother says you're already setting the curve. You never even come up for air. I'm doing my civic duty by peeling you away from those books before you turn into an old man. Play with me."
Staff Scientist I
Square’s “Chop My Money”,
AVON True Colour Earthen Rose Blusher and Sleek Make Up Face Contour Kit in light.
Spaghetti with mullet bottarga was simple yet elegant, a tangled nest of spaghetti drizzled generously with extra virgin olive oil and crumbs of mullet bottarga. The bottarga has a smoky saltiness, the hard little crumbs reminding me of salted duck yolks but fishy. On top is a slow-cooked 65C egg, and we break through the soft egg white to find a sticky runny yolk that coats the pasta deliciously.
“For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.”
There are many ways of paying for access on news sites the obvious methods of Payment are Pay-Pal, using your credit card or using someone else’s account or a business account to pay for these things. Anyone in business who has a website will se value in having, pay walls are very popular these days because more and more newspapers are sending the tabloids out to the public online and this increases the chance of pay per access consumption.
Mbeki is gone, but the policies and programmes driving the Aids pandemic are still in place. The passing away of Dr HF Verwoerd did not mean the end of apartheid -- it was already codified. Not the man but the system needs to be removed and the environment reformed. This cannot be done unless the party and the constitutional framework that facilitates the spread of Aids are dealt with.
“An obsessive attitude of disapproval and finding fault is called a ‘critical spirit’. Those with this attitude regularly see negatives, regularly complain, and are usually upset with something or someone. Their identity is rooted in what they are against rather than what they are for. This spirit greatly hinders joy.
"My mama wakes the Eastern sun,
Printing a book alone is not the means to publication and success as a writer. In essence - Fast-print - is only a part of the overall management of a book project, and as with this company, the answer to what you get is in the name of the company.
Tweedle-dumb and Tweedle-dumber
Another book by Margaret Wise Brown, The Runaway Bunny written in 1942 and never out of print since then, is the sixth book I’ve bought for Henri. It is a book about unconditional love. The little bunny in the story wants to run away from home but realizes there is no where he can go where his loving mother won’t find him and bring him home. I want Henri to know he can be assured of that kind of unconditional love from his family.
Omaha Counting Crows
All this has lead me to think about how can I preserve my own kids memories of their childhoods. Over the last week I have started creating personal coffee table books for each of my children. While I have made coffee table books before, I have never made individual ones so the children can take their own books with them when they leave home. I now have the pain staking task of sorting through all my 2008 and 2009 photos to create their books and then I plan to make one book a year for each of them.
I'll be doing another talk for Skeptics in the Pub on Wednesday 28th March at The Bootlegger in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire at 8pm. I'll be telling you all about 2006 - the very odd year in which I set out to see if there is a way to prove or disprove the existence of Luck. It took me the whole year to gather enough results to form any kind of a theory and I found myself doing very strange things in the name of 'science':
As this conversation is going on and Alex is checking Shannon’s monitors and vitals, a vehicle that promises nothing but trouble pulls up next to the hospital. Inside it are three members of the New World Power. The driver manages to find a parking spot that is located across the street from the hospital and promptly takes it. They didn’t come to this hospital because they followed Alex to it. They don’t even know that he exists and are unaware of his relationship with Shannon.
Grocery purchasing is a thing we all have to do, even though choosing the suitable foods can be quite difficult indeed. In addition, we are enticed with so many different products with delicious craving photographs and price tag offers. To help you with your nutritious grocery shopping, the ideas under can in fact assist generate issues simpler than ever before:
Last monday I began my Earth Angel series hoping to raise awareness of the wonderful lightwork these special beings do in our world. Today, I will explain how to spot an Incarnated Angel (you may have one as a good friend – you may be one)…
Now, before I show you my finished blouses, I will dissect for you a few of my past creations. Because I'm never fully happy with how things turn out, there is always something I wish I would have changed.
This did in fact produce a thick, delicious ganache in a very short time. The only problem was that it made a lot of ganache—way more than we needed to glaze 24 mini doughnuts.
Dress (Desigual), tee (Plum), jacket (Le Chateau, consignment), gloves (Parkhurst), boots (Hispanitas, consignment), necklace (Plum).
The school librarian is the professionally qualified staff member responsible for planning and managing the school library, supported by as adequate staffing as possible, working together with all members of the school community, and liaising with the public library and others.
Here’s the thing, I ended up making this video using movie maker after stupid Powerpoint was refusing to do things correctly. Plus we spent close to five hours in the library working on it. And I still had a night class to go to, which I really didn’t want to go to. We watched a movie about two Jewish guys arguing. What a pointless movie! Core 300 and I have a love/hate relationship. It really just depends on the week.
For this I give great thanks.
Phreak: Teemo.
Here is an embarassing story about myself. Not more than a few hours after my parents dropped me off at uni for the first time, I made a complete tit of myself because my male ego failed to stop me from making stupid decisions. I am still trying my hardest to forget that night.
JCS 2008 Ornament Issue
2043.E-VII/30/1992. “War’s Consequences Reach Across Decades.” Southern Illinoisan, Carbondale, Illinois, July 30, 1992, p. 2B. (Entered by Senator Paul Simon in the Congressional Record, vol. 138, p. S13434, September 14, 1992.) (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 648-49, n. 252.)
They are being punished for something that has absolutly nothing to do with them
Update: if you'd like to see more, try here, which was a PBS documentary on the making of the album (there, I said it!) with performances....and one of the guest stars is Tom Jones!
My hope is that someone who looks at the websites will view them differently after looking at my list and pie chart. It’s not hidden information, but it’s not information that they project either. No network is advertising AGAINST queerness in an open way. Therefore it’s something you might not think about unless you saw the amazingly disproportionate number of straight characters in the list and the largest section of the pie chart. I also would be interested to see how many character names mean anything to viewers of my archive, and if sexuality would play a part in their definition of characters if I had not marked it out specifically. Of course, you would never know just by a character’s name alone which ones are queer or straight. This was not the case, however, in reading character descriptions where characters who were straight and dated around disproportionately had no tag about their sexuality, or even sexual partners, but queer character descriptions were much more blatant about their sexual orientation. This indicates that queerness is a point of interest for television viewers, even if its something they don’t expect for the majority of the time.
1 cracked
If the end is coming, there isn’t much of anything you can do about it, so why not enjoy what life you have.
April: "I don't like that dress, it's ugly."
“But I have been delighted to discover that most social events in the countryside are children friendly, such as garden parties, camping and walking on the beach.”
By then, I saw the local ambulance had pulled out of its parking spot (dozens of their medics and volunteers were having their own barbecue on the next hilltop). The woman kept screaming while I could see others were clearly taking care of someone on the ground. So many thoughts went through my mind - I thought someone had been burned, or perhaps worse.
God of Thunder and Avenger Thor travelled to this distant planet and laid waste to the native inhabitants. A vicious race of blue skinned religious zealots, the Pandorians were bent on interstellar conquest while passing themselves off as benevolent and peaceful. The
10/16 – Red Seven – Austin, TX
Adding to the growing threat of terrorism is the state’s negligence, collusion and consequent impunity with which the terrorists act. In one prominent case, a key al Qaeda operative and former Pakistan Army commando, Major Haroon Ashiq, accused in several cases of murder and of abduction-for-ransom, was set free from Rawalpindi Jail on March 21, 2012 because witnesses withdrew their testimonies for fear of reprisals, and the prosecution failed to furnish any further material evidence. According to media reports, Haroon is a close associate of Illyas Kashmiri, the founder of Brigade 313, later an operational arm of al Qaeda, and a member of the jihadist outfit Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI). With such coloured action, and the visible impotence or collusion of state agencies to act effectively against the perpetrators of the current and rising epidemic of abductions, as well as against the wider acts of terrorism that create its context, it is unlikely that the people of Pakistan – across all Provinces – will secure any early relief from this scourge.
After solving my technical difficulties (I was able to borrow Camera Equipment from my great photog friend Justin) I can now catch up on the loonie challenges!
On Tuesday, Wallace and his friend Albert Woodfox will mark one of the more unusual, and shameful, anniversaries in American penal history. Forty years ago to the day, they were put into solitary confinement in Louisiana’s notorious Angola jail. They have been there ever since.
We’re now healthy and happy and I love that too.
1. Gray Barnes (C) 38; 2. Jackie Barnes (C) 40; 3. Charlie Dugan (C) 42; 4. Kevin Bell (B) 46; 5. Tom Dunn (C) 47; 6. Erik Markert (B) 48; 7. Sean Hamilton(B) 49; 8. Jake Fanelli (B) 50 9. (tie) Phil Servider (C), Jordan Sanyshyn (B) 52.
I used Bo Bunny paper from the Crazy Love Collection. I really like this card, it is not often that I use this colour combination ( perhaps the first time ) and I hope that Jannie likes the card too.
Less chanced than you for life,
I’d like to pass the Kreativ Blogger Award on to these seven sites:
Waked from a sound sleep,
I woke up the next morning feeling a little different from the day before. The most notable difference was a new sense of direction - as in, I literally knew east from west a little better than before. I felt a little more confident in my boots - with purpose in each step.
The other simply will not die. I have ridden it lots of places a road tire should not go, such as the trails along the WO&D and years of commuter service. It simply will not wear out, it even outlasted a wonder set of Open Pro/Ultegra wheels I purchased in 2006. I
According to surfecsc.com, the ECSC will be held in Virginia Beach from August 20 – August 26, 2012.
We had watermelon for dessert!
He said "Thank you" with expressive eyes, that followed activity around the room........
On one day Sarah and I had decided to take a mountain flight- an opportunity to get as close to the summit of Everest as I ever want to be. We woke early, uncomfortably early in fact, and began to walk to the airport. I have always loved this type of early morning walk, the chance to see Kathmandu before she puts on her face, all huddles of strangers round kerosene stoves, waiting for that shot of oh-so-sweet tea which heralds the day. That morning they were interspersed with riot police looking, outlined by the orange flames of the stoves, like teracotta warriors waiting for battle.
The dear friend that sat next to me in Amy’s break-out session on Saturday lost her home last year to a fire, and she had brought her precious little one with her.
Last week Dirk Becker and Nicole Shaw of Compassion Farm in Lantzville, founders of the Bowen Road Farmers Market, received another letter from the District of Lantzville (D.O.L.).
Dress (Eric Alexandre), jacket (Guess, thrifted), shoes (Coffee Sumatra, Fluevogs), belt (Gap), necklace (gift from Tina), earrings (gift from Megan Mae).
“Ah’ so much fun, so much horror,
So if the root canal wasn't enough financial stress, some boat gear is acting up. The hydraulic cylinder that controls the tension in some rigging that holds the mast up started leaking around the seal. I did some research and also with some advice from an acquaintance that runs a sailboat rigging company, I found that "sure, any hydraulic shop can overhaul them. They just use standard seals". So I took the cylinder to the only local hydraulic shop for overhaul. They said that they could get on it in a few days, but after eight days I called them on Thursday. They said that they would get on it that afternoon. That afternoon I got a call. They could not get it apart. The threads have galled. So with a race pending next weekend, I retrieved it and reinstalled it on the boat tonight. Hopefully it won't leak to much. After the race, I will probably send it to a "Authorized repair facility". And if they can't repair it, then I will price out a new one, OUCH!
and he replaced every picture of my son, with pictures of his new little girl friend,
To serve, sprinkle over the chilli powder, chaat masala and drizzle over the date-tamarind chutney.
The floor did evenutally drop, however. We were in New York City, staying with his best friend. Just before heading out on the town, his friend looked over at me and said (innocently enough), “I’m so excited for you to come out and visit us in California!” I was confused — and more than slightly winded. I had been verbally sucker punched. Not wanting to spoil the evening, I said nothing.
Could they be following a plan first outlined by modern Freemasonry’s founder, Albert Pike?
This clip gives a really good explanation of what media literacy is all about:
Now, you careful readers will point out that in the text God promises a bumper crop just prior to the Jubilee that will carry them through the fallow year and then some. While it may seem like this is the product of human ingenuity and hard work, any good farmer will tell you that there’s really not much you can do to get yields of the magnitude suggested by this passage. Sure there are bumper crops, but not because of anything any farmer did to make it happen. Studies have shown that even our best technological attempts to improve yield can’t out perform nature. So, the provision of food to carry people through three years on one year of production is a miracle intended to tell them, “Quit worrying about it and trust me”.
A lot of us will be sharing on our blogs and in various galleries such as Splitcoaststampers, 2Peas, Scrapbook.com, etc. Wherever you share, you can use this keyword and it will help others find your work more easily--HSCRC12. I will also use inlinkz.com for this challenge so that you can leave a link to your work here on my blog for others to see.
As the farm slowly developed over the years into a thriving business, the number of blacks in the area progressively increased. Where these people came from remains a mystery to this day, --- but it was obvious that the flourishing farm was attracting them like a magnet. My uncle could only help an x amount of people at a time with work, but their continues harassment and begging for work, food, financial loans to support a new baby, help the sick, bury their dead and so forth, --- coupled with increasing incidents of stock-theft, burglary, and game-poaching on the farm, eventually took its toil on his health.
Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light,
Then as I rounded another corner, and I came out of the trees, in my hunched over, trying to keep warm state, I looked up and there was the most stunning rainbow painted across the sky in brilliant colours! I stopped walking and stood in awe of Gods creation. All of my complaints were forgotten as I took in Gods beautiful rainbow of promise.
Source: Managed Care Information Center
Christ’s unseeing is our sight. His solitude is the beginning of human communion with God... The dying of one is the other one’s window, and what has been veiled is now revealed, and a pagan whispers with the solemn weight of conviction, confession, faith: “Truly, this man was the Son of God!" - Walter Wangerin
21st March 2012.
condition of the building our business has only been open during the Holiday season for the last three
I hope I will be done within the next couple of weeks. It's hard to tell on the picture (I think) how much of the work that is actually done, but I actually only need 2 more rows and then 1 round or something like that. Oh, and please note the beautiful picture without red blobs or blurring, all thanks to this thread!! \o/
Please visit Kid Lit Frenzy for the next excerpt from the second chapter of The Galahad Legacy and fill out the Rafflecopter form below to will all six books in the series!
I also sat through the 165 minutes of this. Its had some mixed reviews, which are not unfair, but I have seen it described as a turkey which is unfair - I don't think Baz Luhrmann is capable of making a bad movie, but this one is just a little too busy and overlong and he should have concentrated on one of his story arcs, rather than trying to deal with two complex stories in depth - oh yes and there was a complete Thomas Hardy moment, well as Thomas Hardy as you can get in the outback! But it is overlong and the narrative drags in places, but its a lot better than a lot of the stuff out there at the moment.
Zen.
Ng said: “Participants of the homestay programme have been able to earn a substantial income and the activity has helped to generate more economic activities at the local level for the people.”
Spike Hawkins was born in 1943 and The Lost Fire Brigade was published in that year when so much else happened, 1968. The poem I've just quoted is fairly typical: short, surreal and with a twist of dry wit. Several of the poems were anthologised by Michael Horowitz in Children of Albion. Edward Lucie-Smith included the poems Hawkins is most well-known for -his "Three Pig Poems"- in British Poetry Since 1945.
“Wednesday turned out to be unusual (not that the other days weren’t). We did our
Off to work now but before I go............
Motherhood and certainly labor itself is nothing if not a test of strength, courage and endurance, so maintaining your fitness program, or even starting one sometime well before the doctor says, “Push!” may be in your best interest. But many women find safely navigating the challenges a fitness regime for a body that, at times, can seem alien (or like it’s growing one) can be confusing and overwhelming. Should you give up those Zumba classes and switch to yoga? Or is it best to stay off your feet and catch up on “Lost” for the next few months?
ADVENTURE WITH GRANDMA
"We'll see about that." Pevan let herself fall backward into the Gateway. Maybe Notia really would go to the Sherriff. Maybe Pollack would have the sense to shut her up until someone could come and take her in hand, or Dora got back.
Here he is, lying down on the stairs with his nose on his paws and his little pink tongue just peeking out a tiny bit!
Nature dictates but two rules for any creature in mortal danger – fight, or flight. Fight, we can no more. Life is ebbing out of us, but we still have enough strength to free ourselves and run for our lives. And run, we’d better.
Monday-Wednesday 10-5
Howdy Friends.
walking with Joachim, who struggles to keep up -- a whistling pneumothorax and sick young people for whom time has no meaning -- Joachim: "Sometimes I think being ill and dying aren't serious at all, just a sort of loafing about and wasting time. Life is only serious down below." (51-52) -- Hans' cigar disappoints him --last rites for little Hujus, terminal cases who make a fuss on the verge of death, Behrens admonishment to one such, and Hans' protestation in favor of the priority of the dying
2. Only God can judge me when this life ends.
Many foreign students believe that it’s hard to blend in to American culture, because there aren’t enough resources for them. Professor Tushar Trivedi is the coordinator for International Students at Saint Peters College and agrees. Mr. Trivedi helps with the immigration process, finding jobs and board, but also tries to give guidance for students at the college. While most students are doing well academically, their social skills are hindered to a certain extent.
Finally, add the lime juice and give it another quick whisk, then pour the whole lot on to the baked crust and return it to the oven for another 20 minutes, or until it feels just set when you lightly press the centre with your little finger.
...why do we even care about this stuff? So Tom McCarthy — or whoever it was you might have wanted to win — didn’t get a prize. Does it really matter? By and large, awards like the Booker are intended to promote solid, well-written, more or less middlebrow fiction — the kind of books that broadsheet newspapers tend to give coverage to. And that’s surely a good thing for the publishing industry, for the literary editors of papers that still have books pages, for the small number of writers who get the nod, for booksellers and (I would guess) for the manufacturers of those stickers that get slapped with startling speed onto the dust jackets of shortlisted titles. But does it really matter at any other level — at the level, for instance, of literary culture as opposed to the publishing industry? I’m not convinced it does. He then goes on to make a set of fairly common (and true) observations about literary prizes--that not everyone who deserves one gets one, that some of the past winners don't hold up well, that the prizes don't really reflect literary merit, and so forth. His argument, at its core, goes something like this: if a prize doesn't line-up with actual merit or import, then the prize really doesn't deserve the amount of attention it gets.
2kg jam sugar
Being backed into a corner with no way out a panic fight or flight response yet no where to go.
In many cases they have evolved modified corneas with reduced refractive power. Penguins, puffins, seals and albatrosses, for instance, have relatively flat corneas and spherical lenses. This type of eye suffers relatively little loss of power under water because the cornea wasn’t contributing much refraction to begin with. Presumably the compromise leaves the animals with mediocre vision in both air and water.
'Who are you? I am Jean-Baptiste Baratte. Where are you from? From Bellême in Normandy. What are you? An engineer, trained at the Ecole des Ponts. What do you believe in? In the power of reason...'
Today we had a great session with the one and only Mafé. Click her name to check out her page! Thanks to the awesome musicians (Jesse Fischer, keys; Alex Busby Smith, bass; Tariq Khan, drums) who came to add a twist to her originally acapella “I Love You” song. She feels really good about it…and she should. It sounds great.
BUT.. now throw in some backstory on old man Jenkins.
Your cat will actually have an easier time digesting raw meat than cooked meat because raw meat has enzymes. It’s also not easy to decide the nutrients lost in the cooking process, so you’ll have more of a challenge adequately supplementing a cooked meat diet. If you choose to cook meat, add digestive enzymes and twice as much taurine as a recipe calls for because cooking decreases enzyme activity in meat. You’ll also need to supplement with a feline multivitamin.
Of course, for characters to have witty, intriguing conversations, they do have to be witty and intriguing themselves. Although wit and intrigue is not necessarily needed to have a witty conversations, as one can be possessed or influenced by strong liquor brewed by fairies, both of which are apparently readily available to the characters. However, they succeed at being witty or intriguing without the aid of the supernatural and their surprisingly strong alcohol. They were the bones of the story, which without them would just be another ghost story mystery typed things with men in tight trousers that are disappointingly lacking in sparkles. Violet was a fantastic heroine, resourceful and smart, sarcastic and independent. Plenty of backbone in her judgements, and while she wasn’t entirely relatable (as much as I would want to be stalked by ghosts and have several handsome men vying for my hand, reality and my therapist tell me that those aren’t likely to happen anytime soon.), she was still a fun person to follow around. Her selection of friends was great too; Elizabeth was a riot. Silly, witty and likeable, she was possibly the manliest character in this series, in terms of courage and such. Plenty of personality, a bit too much to fit into her corset. Violet’s choice in men, however, was rather questionable in comparison. Colin was much less fleshed out; often he felt flat and inconsistent, sometimes he felt like an idealised stereotype conjured for the sole purpose of making out with Violet. Although he was tolerable for the most part, he was frustratingly flat.
The whole piece is great reading for any parent or kid wondering if the world has indeed come to an end. Great reading for me, too, who was turned down by that stupid, stuck-up school in Cambridge, Mass. The same one that also turned down Warren Buffet, who went on to give $12 million to the school that DID take him (Columbia). Life goes on. Revenge is sweet. – Lenore
Ummm...that's a KINGFISHER!! Hummingbirds don't fish! (But they are cute, so put that on the cute list of non 4 legged animals!) Could you imagine how pretty hummingbird feeders would be if they did fish? You could have little hanging fish tanks all around your house! Maybe this just shows that I am a big animal nerd (and I admit that I totally am). Luckily, my almost 5 year old nephew is a big animal nerd too, so at least I have someone I can talk to!
Don’t agonize over decisions and trust your instincts. For us, it was about the marriage and not the wedding. We wanted something special, but we wanted to keep it easy and not get lost in the stress of planning a wedding. We planned most of our wedding in an afternoon from the roof of Aaron’s apartment building, with a bottle of champagne in hand. We decided to have a small, relaxed, wine reception later that night at the Nook Café, a favorite lunch spot, so we just went for it and let the staff decide on the final menu and it worked out great. We didn't fuss over the details. And one random logistical tip: We used an on-demand private car from Uber instead of battling the crazy SF taxi scene in our wedding gear or springing for a limo - super easy."
So I have obviously not posted for a LONG time. I'm not sure why. It's not that I don't have time.....I find plenty of other things to do to waste time. I think it's because I am too concerned with being witty and funny and happy all of the time on here for other people to read. It took me 20 minutes of staring at the background of this blog to finally decide to leave it. I like it, I just think maybe it's too happy for my blog. I am not a naturally happy person, naturally sarcastic....yes, but not naturally happy. I am however married to an eternal optimist, and I have also given birth to some children that inherited this trait from him, so we will leave the background. BUT, since I haven't posted for 18 months, maybe no one will read it and I won't have to worry about it. :) I have been following a couple of blogs that the authors post a lot.....one everyday. And I love to read them. And I just keep thinking "That is going to be so nice for them to be able to go back and read about all of the things that they did......what am I doing to record our lives??" The answer was NOTHING. So I am back....at least for now. (Thanks Bobi and Amanda for inspiring me)
Baden Hall, who owns a corporate landscaping business, was following one of his trucks on Thursday morning on the way to a filling station in Lonehill, north of Joburg, when it was pulled over at a police roadblock on Lonehill Boulevard.
These stencils are so cool. They are bendable and have adhesive on the back. You can apply it to anything, even a curved surface. When you are finished you simply peel it off and wash it. The adhesive quality is still there so it reusable.
If you need to, secure the foam in the container with a piece of floarl tape. If you don't have any one hand scotch tape works just as well. THis is especially helpful for shallow containers or ones with a rounded bottom.
This story is full of intrigue, romance, and adventure. Most historical fiction novels are centered on the Kings and Queens of the era. The view in this book is from the opposite side-the Church. It is an interesting view that I have explored very little. The people of the church were as corrupt as anyone could ever be. The Popes had misstresses and dozens of illigetimate children. They were not beyond murder or anything else in orer to keep their positions.
By May it is clear that none of them are going to grow. The spring onions - last year's sole success - have refused to play out at all this year, and the salad leaves I sprinkled boldly into a strawberry pot on the advice of a vegetable gardener are nowhere to be seen. Some pea plants have grown a centimetre tall, but they will not be joined in their stab at life by the neighbouring tomatoes. Or even the sunflowers. And this year, we have absolutely not even attempted any carrots.
to listen
It’s open to serious debate whether Muhammad ever existed, but I lean towards concluding that he did, at least in the vague sense of a militant Arab leader who helped unify different tribes and redirect their tribal energy outwards towards the goal of external conquest. This would not be substantially different from the way Genghis Khan managed to unify squabbling Mongolian tribes into a viable Mongol nation capable of conquering a vast empire.
The world’s biggest banks are working with one another and police to gather intelligence as protesters try to rejuvenate the Occupy Wall Street movement with May demonstrations, industry security consultants said.
Garam Masala(or Biryani Masala)powder - 1/2 tsp( or as spice needed)
Songs in Ordinary Timeby Mary McGarry Morris, or Broken by Daniel Clay: both brilliantly written studies of more or less ordinary people caught in horrible situations with miniscule nuggets of black humour and fleeting moments of snatched comfort, but no tiresome redemption to spoil the mostly unrelieved misery. Kind of like being stuck in grade four with all the school bullies in your class, a completely ineffectual teacher, and no hope of advancement.
Another Tuesday is here to say hello...and let me tell you, it's a HOT one here in SLC Utah today! It's so amusing to me how "bi-polar" the weather in this state truly is. One day you have snow, then spring weather, now summer weather, in a few days were back down to the 60's with rain everyday. Hmmm..peculiar.
This week I would like to focus on Diets or the lack there of...
Please add your Tea Time Tuesday Post's URL address,
“Do not fear, my child,”
I put some glue on the three sides of the book, holding together all the pages with one hand (you can use clips too)
Again. Where’s the evidence for that supposed Apple tax? Repeating a non-fact, doesn’t make it so, and when has Apple, in the last 10+ years, priced itself “out of the market”?
‘The Halsteadarian is an epic noir folk-legend fever dream’ (S. Couchman 2011)
Facebook is an area we at Logical Mix are not experts in, however, we know there is great value associated with Facebook. Making the decision not to use Facebook as our main social media outlet is a prime example of a business deciding which social mediums work best for them specifically. At Logical Mix, we tend to focus more on Twitter and blogging. Facebook is a wonderful social media outlet for those businesses who want to connect with their customers on a more personal level. Here is a video from Mr. SEO discussing effective ways to market using Facebook:
Combine all ingredients except the chips. Cover and chill for at least two hours. Serve with chips.
Bake the cookies one sheet at a time for 12 minutes — they won’t look done, nor will they be firm, but that’s just the way they should be. Transfer the baking sheet to a cooling rack and let the cookies rest until they are only just warm, at which point you can serve them or let them reach room temperature.
Arriving at the mall, we approached the customer service kiosk as my husband informed me he wasn’t going to let me wear myself out shopping. Dismissing my protests, he spoke with the mall staff and checked out a wheel chair. Pointing to the seat, he said, “let’s go for a ride.” It felt uncomfortable at first sitting and depending on him to push me around. I struggled with the strangeness of my new mall perspective. Sitting at a lower eye level than standing, it was reminiscent of walking beside my mother with my hand in hers, and not being allowed to walk around at will.
In case no one has noticed, my husband and I like horse racing.
65. The Shell Oil Company originally began as a novelty shop in London that sold seashells.
Chapter One:
Worked together
(Pride, Ego & Arrogance, How to Kill Pride, Ego & Arrogance, From Gyan Rajhans at hinduism.about.com)
...and a birthday party at The Little Gym.
As always, feel free to pass along the information from this blog. All I ask is that you give me credit and include a link to the blog. Thanks! Cindi Myers
BB King Blues Club
In January, there are massive winter sales in Italy.
just a-knocking down his home
There was a fire near Benburb St. and they are afraid that the damaged building is going to fall on to the Luas line.
Writing this weekend in the Washington Post under the wonderful headline “Let’s Just Say It: Republicans Are The Problem,” Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein delivered the sort of blunt truth that has thus far been confined to more liberal publications like The American Prospect and The Nation. (Ornstein, I should point out, is a scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.) While acknowledging that “Democrats are hardly blameless” in the gridlock game, Mann and Ornstein also believe that their “tendencies do not routinely veer outside the normal bounds of robust politics. If anything, under the presidencies of Clinton and Obama, the Democrats have become more of a status-quo party.” Again, health care is a case in point. Instead of radically revamping the insurance market by pushing for the single-payer coverage favored by his party’s left wing, Obama opted to preserve the role of private companies. But Republicans, who had favored just such an idea in the 1990s, had grown too ideologically rigid to embrace a plan — any plan — by a Democratic president. The authors make a sports analogy that even I, who can’t tell a goal post from a basketball hoop, know is apt:
If you are not sure yet which shoes to buy, you can always search online and read the reviews about the running shoes of your choice. It is always best to read and review the comments of those who already tried the running shoes before you buy them because choosing running shoes is not an easy task especially for a newbie. You have to make sure that you have the right shoes to avoid compromising your feet.
It was another grueling day at school. I had to learn two foreign languages. They muddled in my mind. I was tired, and I could barely think.
Welcome to the Whimsical Designs Sneak Peek Day 1! In case you've not yet heard, Stephanie of Whimsical Designs has a new line of stamps coming out! Today all of the Whimsical Designers will be sharing sneak peeks of two stamp sets, and then tomorrow morning we'll be giving you sneak peeks of the other two sets. Tomorrow night at 7:00pm EST is the stamp reveal blog hop! All of the stamp sets will be available for purchase on Stephanie's blog in her new shop.
Nobody wants this to happen because within our Judeo/Christian society we are civilized peaceful people, but people know that this is a very real reaction from the British people because of your path of war against us that needs to be taken into consideration when thinking about the future, so another thought in your Moslem mind must be; at what point will this happen, because it will, and what will you do when it does. You must start thinking these thoughts now just like we have to start thinking the thoughts of your military wing detonating dirty bombs and letting off chemical weapons upon our innocent streets.
01 - Christmas Time
So, I talk too much! I get angry too quickly! When I feel defensive I talk myself into a corner! When I don't think you get my point I, um ... make sure you do, verbally! Yep, I am not good at keeping quiet!
To which she said:
14-Third Degree
The corn and peppers are mixed together in the dressing. I make sure the dressing covers the corn and peppers as evenly as possible.
15 comments
Never forget that a dollar saved is better than a dollar earned - you do not pay tax on a saved dollar.
~7~
It seems, according to BrewDog, that the size of the kegs used by the company were no longer acceptable despite being previously agreed. BrewDog's, James Watt also states that Camra "reneged from our original agreement and insisted we take cask beer".
Okay, and you know what else February is bringing? A LOAD of fun, of course . . . with Lain. Last October, when I participated in the Layout a Day challenge, everyone decided that we wanted Lain to host another one as soon as we had a chance for all the holiday hubbub to die down and get some normalcy back into our lives. Enter: February LOAD!! February's almost here, so go quickly and enter. She's promising some tips on how to scrap faster, and prizes too!! Go scroll down on her blog (linked at the top of the paragraph) to find the Q&A on the rules and I hope to see you there!
Faith, hope, and ivy june is a book that my daughter (8) bought at her school book fair, and this is one instance where I'm so glad that I read the book before she did. It's simply not appropriate for her.
New Initiative Challenges Gender Imbalances in the World of Game Design
I didn’t feel rushed, because there was no long line of people behind me. With all that said, I wanted to see gems, semi-precious stones, rocks and see the art and antiquities made from them.
At Mitsukoshi in Tokyo (Think Selfridges + Harrods pre-Fayed, but posher) They have two girls in each lift, as you are entering and leaving the lift, one gives a standard bow, the other a deeper bow reserved for high status individuals, that way no-one is unknowingly offended.
But the very next day its minister Hishamuddin said there was “some basis” to the Utusan report.
All in all, a successful party. W.B. had a great time. All the kiddos were tired out from the heat and the swimming and the show. We had a nice selection of adult beverages available, which made the grownups happy. But after the cleanup and the getting the wired children home, and the playing with the new toys and the losing of tiny parts, Pod and I were wiped out.
The end of the academic year looms large at the moment, and I’ve been taking some time to produce the practical coursework that will be required of me on Thursday. What you see in the picture is a full over full wax pattern, which will be used to make two plaster moulds. Those moulds will be filled with high-impact acrylic to make two dentures ready for trimming and final finishing, and I’ll be doing that tomorrow.
Bitter Almond
So, in that spirit of thankfulness and gratitude, let the holiday season begin!
On being advised to hurry up the student replied as follows:
You are five years away from witnessing your first concert. Give us a sense of how your musical tastes expanded during the interim.
After two minutes had passed it still had a fucking plus sign. I re-read the instructions hoping that plus sign meant, "It's a plus that you aren't knocked up!" But no, it meant "It's a plus that you know who the baby daddy is!" Luckily it comes with two tests. I tried again.
we would tuck it
If you all see your image, my Art´s hoses
The Qur’an exists only in the Arabic in which it was revealed.
Too much din.
We went to a rock bar the first night and enjoyed some live music – something I haven’t been able to do in ages. It was nice to feel the familiar feeling of the bass pumping through my body again.
Ken Livingstone gave a speech in which he declared that the proof that government investment ends recessions lies in China’s staggering rates of state spending, and enormous correlate levels of growth.
Author, Nobel Prize Laureate in Literature
Thanks to all who played along last week and gave our sketch challenge a try! And a huge thanks to our monthly sponsor Simon Says Stamp for their gift certificate donation for our blog candy prize!
Being that the kids came to live with us in November 2008 we missed Halloween. So these pictures are of the first Halloween that we got to spend with them. Both Kam and Jasey had very definite ideas of who they wanted to dress as. At the time Kam was entranced with the Snow White movie so she of course wanted to be Snow White. Jase is crazy for two movies, Cars and Toy Story - he wanted to be Lighting McQueen but the costumes were horrible so we talked up Buzz Lightyear and he went for it. They were so excited getting dressed and preparing to go out ... I'm not sure but I believe it might have been the first time they ever went trick or treating. It was a special day for ALL of us.
But while researching the History of Life Insurance timeline project (see the pullout poster at right), I have to admit I was surprised to learn that the very origins of life insurance as we know it can be traced all the way back to burial clubs in ancient Rome. Talk about being ahead of your time — by well over 1,000 years.
Nick, I’ve followed you to date without question, so much so, that I moved aside for you in Barking, but now I want to see some action on the points I’ve raised not just for your own good as leader, but for the good of the Party and the country.
While he carries out the purification, the Priest says quietly:
Julia's book is always the place I look to for elegant ideas. Along with the Balleymaloe cookbook (and if I really want to get fancy, the French Laundry) it's the go-to place for classicly prepared, French-inspired food. If I want the "real" way to do a French Onion Soup, or the best technique for a Beef Bourgignon or her recommendations for a leg of lamb, this is where I'll find it. If I'm at a loss for the perfect side dish for a fancy dinner, one that my guests may not have every day, I'll borrow her recipe for something like Polenta Galettes instead of potatoes or rice. Or maybe a Gratin of Grated Zucchini, vs. steamed broccoli. There's no end to the creative dishes and accompanying techniques in The Way To Cook.
Good+ in Good+ Dust Wrapper. Gently bruised at the spine ends and corners with commensurate wear to the dust wrapper. Dust wrapper is stained on the reverse with a lable reinforcing the head of the spine. Leans slightly. Text complete, clean and tight. Pages slightly age-tanned at the margins.
I challenged Him by saying- Fine. You want me to talk to Mary? Have her walk through that door right now. Then I'll talk to her.
I spend my spare time with my family. With my husband being navy at any time he could leave out. I also love to reading. I have a bookshelf in my craft room. When I can’t find the inspiration I stop and read. I love reading all types of books. And the funny thing is when I’m reading I find inspiration for my crafting. Lol
After school, we had to go straight to my mum's tailor workshop and help with the sewing until supper time.
International Festival of Photography and Image Culture
When you are all done, wrap and finish off with some curly ribbon. These are the suckers I made for my little girls Halloween party last year. The kids (and MOMS) went bonkers over them. HMMMM, I wonder where I can take these suckers this year?
Above, BHO on the shoulders of the man with a distinctive military crew cut and a very characteristic (spaded) nose that clearly is not SAD. The mystery man has an uncanny likeness of NASA Astronaut Air Force Captain Virgil (Gus) Grissom, Master Mason, Member of Mitchell Lodge 228 of Mitchell, Indiana.[77]
Storm Constantine – Just His Type
1. King of the Road
Have a beautiful and Blessed day!
Earlier today I posted a piece, "Unrepresented patent applicants: a little thought", on the IPKat weblog here. Having done so, it occurred to me that there might be quite a few readers of this weblog who don't spend their hours gaily filing away on behalf on cash-comfy multinationals but who have to advise patent applicants with limited resources as to how to deploy their money and find the happy balance between saving money and actually getting a patent granted. They may therefore be better qualified to pass comment.
Canada/Korea Closeness: Korea and Canada have an excellent international relationship, so it made sense when Jinguk's dad's minion said they were sending him to Vancouver, where he'd meet a ton of other Korean students and make friends easily.
2112.***E-VIII/18(A)/2002. On the constitutional affront in the manner of the Iraq intervention. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-33.)
Every great romance comes with a risk…
WEEK 5:
Wait a minute.
The story starts with Kate returning from her summer in Greece with James (otherwise known as Hermes). But things aren’t how she’d imagined them to be. There was no happy reunion with Henry (Hades) and one of the original Titans, Cronus, has started to break free from the prison that the six original gods had sentenced him to thousands of years ago. It seems that Calliope (Hera) wasn’t happy with the punishment Kate bestowed upon her last winter – and she’s out for revenge.
I did generate a lot of interest. I'm sure I'll lose readers over this, but it is my journal after all, and I can do whatever I want.
However, I can't help but feel like this is bad news for me. I hate seeking new employment. I truly dislike the process.
2050.E-IV/22/1995. “Constitution’s Integrity Threatened by Frenzy to Amend Nation’s Charter.” Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, April 22, 1995, p. 24. See Ventura County Star, Ventura, California, February 22, 1995. See, also, Item C-1999(8), above. See, as well, Item C-1995(2), above.
for providing stamps for all our designers
I started with a white base, layered with pink bazzill (pierced) and another layer of white - the top half embossed with the Damask Frame EF. The horizontal strip is more pink bazzill punched with the Martha Stewart Arch Lattice border punch. I then wrapped some 1" white satin ribbon around it and added a white bow made with my bow easy. The frame around the Gerberas was made with a piece of pink bazzill cut with the large scallop oval nestabilities and then the middle cut out with the classic oval nestabilities so that the embossing shows through. The Gerbera Daisies were stamped in Tuxedo Memento Black and coloured with markers and a blender pen, cut out with scissors and a scalpel and popped up over the frame. I finished off with a corner from the Vintage die set and added a single Kaisercraft Snow Pearl to the centre.
Since announcing on Easter morning that I have been recommended for training for ordination, I have been meaning to explain a little of what happens at a Bishop’s Advisory Panel… known by it’s acronym of “BAP”.
1000 lilies x 2
Imagine that you are hearing these words for the first time (perhaps you are). Jesus Christ, motivated only by love for you, descended below all and redeemed you. No longer must you be weighed down with sin, for He has already borne them for you. No more need you fear death, for He has conquered it, and you will live again. He has offered you peace and joy in this world and in the world to come.
Sea Swept by Nora Roberts is the first book of the Chesapeake Bay saga.
In cases like that, I'm an emotional rock - strong as fuck and laid to rest.
First-Go to the My Memories website and choose your favorite digital paper pack or element pack. Come back to my blog and leave a comment on THIS post letting me know which one you liked the most. Doing this will give you one entry into the drawing.
With 430 hp and a unique sound design, the Panamera GTS is delighting car fans worldwide: 209 customers had the pleasure of taking delivery of their vehicle in March. A total of 2,811 units of the sports saloon were handed over to customers in the reporting month (+34.8 %). The leader among the Porsche models in March 2012 remains the Cayenne: the Stuttgart-based sports car manufacturer sold 5,888 units of the SUV worldwide (+34.2 %).
This is the collector who knows exactly what is (and is not) in his or her collection AND this person can find any given card with ease. Whether it's binders or boxes, shelves or drawers, there is nothing left to chance or in disarray. For most of us, this is the collector we'd love to be - but few actually manage to achieve this level of collection organization!
That’s all for now. Hopefully the next update will be on the next stage of helix construction.
Now, I am getting help. I am seeing my GP, taking Mirtazapine, seeing my Psychologist. I don’t remember too much of being a kid. I do remember that I was happy though.
Our dog, who we had adopted from the local shelter this past spring, was hit by a car in late October. Amazingly, he suffered only a few cuts and scrapes and a single fractured vertebra. Unfortunately, that vertebra was the gateway to the nerve clusters controlling his tail, bladder, rectum, and hind legs. He was paralyzed, incontinent, and in pain. We have a wonderful vet who took great care of him and taught us how to nurse him and get him started on therapy once the swelling and pain went down. This involved setting up a penned area in the house, giving him meds, carrying him outside to get fresh air and try to go to the bathroom, giving him baths, changing his diaper, working his legs, cleaning his pen, and monitoring his food and water intake... several times a day. This meant we cancelled a lot of activities since we had to be home to care for him.
Lard – Fat from hog abdomens. In shaving creams, soaps, cosmetics. In baked goods, French fries, refried beans, and many other foods. Alternatives: pure vegetable fats or oils.
NOTE: I am willing to make a trade. Following the logic I set forth earlier, I can no longer use “dick” as an insult. This is a huge step for me because there is nothing more satisfying than calling someone a “dick.” However, I recognize this is not salient for the spirit of feminism, so I shall digress. However, you’re not taking “douche” (and its various forms) and “ballsack” from me. I’d go down fighting for the rights to use those bastards.
But it's awesome.
What once started somewhere in the canton of Schaffhausen, has now spread to most German-speaking cantons. Some vineyards and the handicraft of those masters overlooking the process of juice turning into wine, and you have a nice product to put in a bottle and to be sold. To get customers closer to wine makers someone invented the event of the open wine cellars for the beginning of May. That’s just now. And maybe because the first wasn’t a public holiday everywhere, most regions have added the next Saturday to promote their wines.
Spot the egg-timer in the background. Yep, you have to time how long your tea brews for. They recommended 4 minutes for my Assam.
Title Search
Not being passionate: Don’t say that the only reason you’ve written this book is because you were laid off last year/your wife left you/you found yourself with some free time. If you’re not serious about writing, why even bother? Are you just looking for a quick million? ‘Cause that ain’t gonna happen. If writing is just a hobby and you’re not willing to put your all into it, why not just use a print-on-demand service instead and save a lot of time?
By just doing a few of things, in a much shorter period I earned a lot more miles and flew both my husband and I across the country and back. So it does pay off to make a few different shopping choices in order to earn miles. And certainly, by continuing to shop at the liquor store and buying some of their bonus product offers you will also see the points accumulate faster.
(2) Voting “yes” is likely to signal to international investors that all is well in Ireland and that the country continues to be a stable destination for long term investment where the people are willing to make sacrifices for the overall good of the country. Both the IDA and IBEC have backed a “yes” vote.
I wonder how many sobbing Rhode Islanders would feel if they knew their kids were stuck with crap teachers — and stuck with their already insanely high taxes paying their full salaries for sitting in “detention” as it were year after year thanks to union protections.
This is another delightful album by le Grand Maître on the
* How George W. Bush poured government money into programs run by evangelical Christian groups—which then helped him get elected and reelected;
2. Your first kiss: Fairytale or tragedy?
I had the idea to emboss this lined coffee bag, and I'm thrilled with how it turned out! I ran it through my Big Shot on the Multipurpose Platform with both extra tabs removed. The bag is long, so I embossed in three sections. Since the Snowflakes pattern is random, everything blended together perfectly!
2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley
If you’d like to purchase To Love a Beast for your very own eyeballs, here is the link again.
So, no, there is no way you could admit that you didn't know how to operate a printer. So, when you really needed something printed, and that blasted light was blinking, you'd invent ways to get other people to fill the printer for you. Sometimes it would be a simple "since you're up ..." request. Other times, it would be a long, elaborate excuses about how you twisted your knee while trying to avoid a squirrel on your bicycle, and the doctor said to stay off your feet.
No, she is not mine, although I wish she was. This is my niece, Isabelle. Isn't she adorable? So anyhow, my little Sis is a young Mom and needed a lot of help with her new Bundle of Joy. I was more than happy to pitch in. Now baby and Mom are settling in quite nicely and I can spend more of my time beading and blogging and less of my time changing diapers ;)
(2) This is a national giveaway and is only applicable to legal residents who live in the United States (sorry to all of my international followers!);
203 DJ Food Consciousness (Ashley Beedle Unconscius Dub)
The South African farming community has suffered from attacks for many years. The majority of the victims have been white farmers, with claims of death tolls in the region of 3,000-plus cited in the national and international media… (Sources: here, here, and here, and plenty more).
Tuesday? Tuesday Edward and Vincent drove to Legoland to meet some friends down from New York for a day of fun. Not being too interested in lugging a wee baby around a theme park in the heat for a whole day, Eleanor and I elected to stay home. Both men arrived home stinky and tired, Vince went right to bed and there was no poop at all.
Romans 13:1
So, without further ado, let’s find out what’s going on within that big brain of Carrie’s (brains, brains, BRAINS! Sorry, had to put that last one in).
I’ve watched over the years how the semantics of the Exodus message have been regularly massaged to respond to each new wave of criticism. It will be interesting to see what Exodus and other ex-gay groups will do with this latest revelation.
The alternate rhyme scheme is also popular for this form: abaB, cbcB, dbdB. For those who do not like a strict adherence to rhyme, the second line of each quatrain may be unrhymed: axaR, bxbR, cxcR, dxdR, etc. with R being the repeated line.
No Big Al this morning so you’ll have to make do with a hungover self.
He was supported by Anton Alberts of the right-wing Freedom Front Plus party: “Malema’s comments are creating an atmosphere that is conducive to those who want to commit murder. He’s an accessory to the wiping out of farmers in South Africa.”
When you live in a world that was spoken into being, words bringing all that is into existence, you ought to hold words in esteem. How rarely we do.
Here's hoping my planned runs vs executed runs streak continues.
But, this post is to tell you, readers who prefer to eat vegetarian, that there’s lots for you to enjoy in The Homesick Texan , especially if you’re looking for filling vegetarian dishes for eaters with big appetites, and/or you’re looking for new combinations of flavors and ingredients, having exhausted the curry with pulses/tofu stir fry and veg/eggs, cheese and veg trifecta. After a first read-through (accompanied, of course, by a large bowl of popcorn), I want to try the following vegetarian recipes:
Anyway, if you had ever experienced being a fat, 10-year-old girl who got spat on the face by a boy in her class, before she grew up to be a smart, talented, funny, beautiful and awesome human being (Ehem! Haha), then you’d probably asked yourself this question at least once in your life:
You didn't want the credit
they throb in heat
So the boys and I leave this place feeling like we’ve been had. I don’t know why a place that should be trying to attract tourists treats people so badly. GREED is the only culprit I can think of. The whole experience leaves a bad taste in our mouths.
For your chance to win BLOG CANDY, (a set that will be released NEXT month), visit and comment on each of the following design team members' blogs on July 13, 14, 15, and 16, 2010. On Saturday, (July 17, 2010), a winner will be chosen FOR EACH DAY from those participants who visited all the blogs listed for that day. ( There will be four different winners, one winner for each day.)
Pat and I both posted our comments at the NCR hagiography, where they were both removed; we re-posted ‘em at Jim Bowman’s Blithe Spirit blog.
inherited this mess. It is embarrassing to see a president so willing to
From the spiritual level, we are already in union with every being on this earth. When we choose one particular love partner, it is because we hope to supplement and support each other in our physical, mental, emotional, material and spiritual needs. Although the other cannot give us what we do not have, he or she can work together with us toward finding mutual self-fulfillment.
Enter my current favorite thing in the craft arsenal - contact paper!!! After buying a roll for its on-the-go black out capabilities I had a ton left (like about 70' worth!) Some scissors and DIY templates are all you need to deck your house out in spooky, cheap and totally disposable decorations. If you can trace, cut and stick you can create anything here plus waaaay more stuff. I've listed all the templates I used at the end of this post. And the best part, once Halloween is over these silhouettes peel right off the drywall, leaving no residue or any sign that they were ever there at all!
Adrift in the liberating, late light
Eyeliner and shading. The shading is chosen to be darker than the tone of the clothing so it makes you look sharper.
This is not new. Chattering about what we purchase has been a regular feature of consumer society for a long time. It helps us define for others who we think we are. What is new, however, is that chatter is now measurable.
After inking up the flower image & coloring it using my Copic markers, I cut it out using a Spellbinders Large Classic Oval die & set aside. To make the layer with the border image, I repeated the previous steps minus the use of Copic markers. The JustRite Breath of Spring Borders & Centers contains 4 different floral images & 4 decorative borders that can all be easily mixed & matched allowing for endless ways to use each stamp!
Therefore, in memory of their son Adam, a good friend and brother who went to the Lord on January 9, 2001, the senior class would like to dedicate this yearbook to Mr. and Mrs. Paul and Mal Howley.”
Saving all my Love for You
I just thought it'd be fun to write about something that is very important in the Art of Crochet- Weaving in ends. It's something that can make or break a project (most literally). If you weave in your ends properly your item can last a very LONGGGGGG time if you don't your item could fall apart very quickly. Could be it falls apart the first time you or someone else wears it or it could fall apart the first time it's washed. You just never know.
1 glistening
Hehehe!
with fish and chips and a mug of tea
and like last year's gingerbread house debacle,
In Japan, the stigma issue is probably larger than back in the states. Already, craft beer is seen as foreign, exotic, and essentially "not beer-like." That's because the image of "beer" is a light lager, golden in color, with 30 percent head for good measure. Many craft producers here treat their product like it's some sort of holy nectar, adorning their cans with colorful foil toppings (I'm looking at you, Kinshachi).
Why should we read this book? How do we decide what parts of the Bible to take seriously and what to ignore? What besides our own ideas and biases should come into play when we make judgments on what parts of the Bible are authoritative for us and what parts we can forget about?
Cook’s tips:
1 seventy-two-lettered
Bill Murray:
i hand-painted the flowers on, and put a coat of matte sealer on top for protection.
The tone of Malet’s score for Imago certainly changes from the first to the second-half of the album. And if the tracks as heard on the album reflect their appearance in the film then there’s clearly an erosion of Antoine’s innocence as the film progresses, leading to a sadness as he reflects on his life. Getting those feelings from the music does suggest that the composer has done his job of emotionally supporting the images and it would be interesting to see how the music plays in this short film. Although the frequent use of the marimba does get slightly annoying, the score is so short – 14 minutes in length – that nothing hangs around for too long. Thierry Malet’s music for his short films and TV work seems to appear frequently and regularly on digital medium online stores such as iTunes and Amazon and I have found his work to be worth seeking out. Perhaps this short score may be the ideal entry point for Thierry Malet’s scores.
The children built snowmen. Elijah threw snowballs for us all to dodge.
4. Newsflash: the number of times you say “I hate drama” is a pretty good indicator of how much you love drama. Non-dramatic people don’t feel the need to discuss all the drama they didn’t start and aren’t involved in.
The Wizarding Theme Park opens in Universal Florida on June 18th, 2010.
This oil is fantastic! I really like it because a drop or two through my hair smooths and shines, it also easily hydrates skin. You can even use this as an overnight oil treatment -- I use about 20 drops for my long hair, but then I wake up, rinse it out, shower as normal and my hair feels more conditioned, soft and shiny.
When his last breath had once again been foiled by my arrival in the room, I snuggled with him in our bed, this one last time. I sent for the priest & asked for the children to go along for the ride. When the door closed behind them, I bent down and whispered his sweetest permission to Run Forrest, Run.
Then, on April 12, Gottlieb and Himan again went on the road, this time to Duke dorms. Yet these field interviews violated North Carolina’s Rules of Professional Conduct. Mike Nifong had assumed personal command of the investigation as of March 24. The rules prohibited Nifong or anyone acting on his behalf from speaking to people represented by counsel without their lawyers present.
While Orson Welles' masterpiece, so routinely hailed as the greatest motion picture ever made that the phrase seems knee-jerk, shows regularly on TV, nothing equals the cinematic experience, especially when it highlights the brilliant deep focus cinematography of Gregg Toland.
Klive
Who own the rainbow? How exactly do you "take back" a rainbow? I've read that the rainbow is the only natural thing that’s viewed as a good sign in every known religion and culture. The rainbow is a symbol of God's faithfulness and his promise to never again destroy the earth by flood. It comes from the story of Noah and the Flood. After the flood, God placed a rainbow in the sky as a sign of his covenant with Noah to never again destroy the earth and all living creatures by flood (Genesis 9:12-16). In Revelation, John saw a rainbow around the throne in heaven.
- If it becomes mandatory, does it lose an important element of pro bono? Or is the end result all that matters?
It is possible that the relative youth of Silver Spring Patch (it has been active for only three months) is contributing to the dearth of user-supplied material. Hopefully as time goes by the residents of Silver Spring will see Patch as a useful part of their community and become more engaged.
Mathew Yglesias summarizes his argument:
11. Disasterpiece
Ruth: I've really gone for something that flutters! I've cut out and layered up four of the butterflies from Sundae of Season, glittered the edges of the wings, the tips of their tails and added antenna with wire and sead beads. They have tiny little magnets adding to their underneaths and currently are perched on my button tub! For a close up version have a look at my blog!
12. WW III (01:47)
Only through online resources can a small farmer or jewelry designer compete with the likes of ConAgra or Tiffany. Imagine the economic benefits brought to a community when one of its members expands their corner store to the unlimited universe that is the Internet! With additional revenues will come additional jobs, less required welfare, higher tax contributions for community services, gifting to non-profits and Churches who support social programs, and in the end demand will rise for more goods and services that others within the community will find the incentive to provide: hence, the economic circle of life that benefits all.
This was an advent calendar that I made for Nigel May from Create and Craft and Ideal world.
Do not hasten in your spirit to be angry, For anger rests in the bosom of fools.
Monday night I gave a workshop on backyard poultry owning for our local town’s Adult Education program.
With Robert Holmes at the pen, Patrick Troughton as the Doctor and the excellent Philip Madoc making his first appearance in Doctor Who this just should have been better. The story finally picks up in the dwindling minutes of the last episode, but it is too little too late.
Mainly spite. We used to be performance poets but we gave that up because there was no money in it. That was in about 2004. #irony
If you happen to have a book coming out, and want to send in an interview, please contact us. Time isn't going to allow us to request them from all the authors, but if you send them, we will post and promo for you.
(Calamari and Sausage sandwich)
I have been collecting sugar, salt, flour etc. vintage sacks for
Z -Zebu. It's a type of cattle which we have at our ranch. They are defined by the bump on their neck.
So many of my Blogger Friends have this award already so I'd like to award it to the People's Friend Magazine 'cos, you know, it IS a Friendly Friend.
I feel awful that I haven't gotten around to a thank you before now. I'm now feeling much better although the heat is still causing me some problems. At least I can blame everything on baby :) Between company, traveling, and life--time has been short the past while.
I also enjoyed her coverage of domed shapes - discussing cases in which it's better to fire the shape flat and then dap them and other cases which really require shaping the clay on a form before firing.
1 model
Have you tried anything from GLAMCOR? Which primer are you currently using?
Me: Because they come with a stick.
Anybody that thinks that Shabazz Muhammad is getting stopped with a zone defense on ESPNU is clearly inebriated and using questionable judgment. DeMatha can hardly afford a hangover tonight at home against Bishop McNamara or Saturday on the road against Gonzaga –two league games that will show if the Stags have any resiliency.
Thanks, and a belated New Year,
If you wish to leave feedback, I’m pretty sure there is something down below that says “comments”, either that or I’m seeing things again… Well, goodbye… for now.
Do NOT miss Ratline, as I have a feeling this is the one that makes the difference. It's the kind of movie that makes me love independent movies all over again, as it comes out of nowhere; punches hard and leaves an imprint that will last a long time. Skillful storytelling applied on genre, in the very best way.
As you can see from this collection of all the doodles so far, its quite an exhaustive list.
Once you practice these techniques and get the hang of them, you'll be able to hit the trails feeling comfortable on your mountain bike. Even though it may take some getting used to, it'll become second nature before you know it.
96. You must be from Tennassee! Because you are the only TEN I see!
Available in various denominations, from various online stores. You can purchase stuff from the available online stores using the points collected in Spider Matrix
Take a hot air balloon ride
Searching around on TXDOT's website, I found this memo to law enforcement agencies (pdf) from April 2011 detailing 30% cuts to STEP grants - from $20.2 million to $14.2 million statewide - with a table at the end showing how much each department's grants were cut.
Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun;
As of this past Saturday, I have officially been tracking my weekly weight for three years exactly. These years encompass almost two years of Weight Watchers, 10 months or so of Atkins, a few months of binging, and just over three months of the 4 Hour Body program.
Politicians love such a mindset because it gives them unlimited access to the nation's wealth through taxation for the purposes of exercising "compassion". This in turn gives them ever increasing power because each failure only demands more "compassion" when measured by intentions rather than results. To resist their political posturing is to resist their compassionate intentions, and what emotion based democracy is willing to resist compassionate intentions?
The social family emphasizes our social nature, how we learn social behavior, and how social interaction can enhance academic learning. The construct of this model is built on the belief that a central role of education is to prepare citizens to generate integrative democratic behavior, both to enhance personal and social life and to ensure a productive democratic social order (p. 203). Students engaged in this model would address academic tasks through collaboration, cooperation, and group investigations.
Unfortunately Cirsium is sterile so it needs to be propagated by division. It seems a waste of the copious amounts of fluffy seeds it produces.
Anyway if you smell something fishy it’s only the figment of my imagination having a panic attack. Nothing to worry about. Nothing to see. Move along.
It’s the kind of meal that actually leaves ME speechless. I can do nothing but devour it.
Sissy : 10 years old. The main bitch. Very insistent when she wants something.
Slowly but surely we are crossing things off of our wedding "To-Do" list. With 4 months to go, the time is going to just fly by!
Two exciting photoshoots coming up in February – one I can share with you, one that I can’t. Aethercon also raises its squalling newborn head that month, which brings me to what I’ve been making lately….
I really love having someone tell me what to do to them, sexually. I find it very freeing to have my partner tell me what to do to them. When I’m being told what to do, I am able to turn off all of the guilt and issues.
The ladies sing, ” As the dEvatas, the s’rIkarAs, are saying s’rIrastu – may there be welfare, O little Sasirekha prosper!”
Just moment's later I'm shearing my blondies' heads like hot, sweaty, sheep outside. Instead of falling to the ground, the fresh wisps land on dewy skin, staying put, refusing to fall. The clouds rolled in, the sky darkened and everything stilled.
with 60 Improvised Explosive
Cover-gift – Free Thundercats cover-mount every issue
“My goal would be to establish a community-sponsored dog run,” said Dan Cain, 33, of Astoria, who is leading the latest charge to renovate the run.
Nightclub by Andre Williams & The Goldstars
Ink: Island indigo, real red, pumpkin pie, rich razzleberry, lucky limeade
If you would love to learn more, leave a comment on how to get a hold of you. or email me
Make them accountable for every crime,
Allergies and infections cause sinusitis. Chronic sinus infection, though less common than an acute sinus infection, causes damage to the tissues that are there in the sinuses. The symptoms of such an infection can last anywhere between three months to even an year, at recurring intervals.
outlets, LiveNation.com, all Ticketmaster outlets, the Jiffy Lube Live™
Sept 27 - Klubb Republik, Norrkoping, Sweden
Similar to Maslow’s Hierachy of Needs, consider orienting new employees in steps or milestones. Cover the essentials on the first day, in other words, what a new person needs to function in your organization. They may not need a building access security card or directions to the bathrooms and break room, but it’s likely they’ll require a network login and password. Once you’ve covered the essentials like payroll, benefits, corporate compliance, expense reimbursement, etc. you can then move up to the higher order aspects of the job.
This is for ebook only. You may purchase it at B&N if you wish, just send me your receipt to loriwilde@aol.com.
Please listen to your children. If your children are unhappy in the school system bring them home. There are many different ways to learn and there is a way that is a good fit for you and your children. If you need help finding options or resources please ask, I would be happy to help.
For me, the breast is the best piece for Chick n' Friends. The bone-in piece stays moist, and there is enough meat that I get some fried crust without being overwhelmed with fried taste in every bite. This contrasts with Tian Chinese Cuisine where I prefer to order Korean fried chicken as wings.
9/26 – The Living Room – Providence, RI
The GOP has a lot of work to do. I have no plans on helping it as it continually shoots itself in the foot. The Republican Party is weak. The TEA Party has lost considerable steam as it can’t seem to give up it’s progressive ideals long enough to act on its’ own rhetoric. Romney can’t beat Obama, but it won’t be a slaughter. I would argue that Romney will be a good place-card holder for the GOP, giving it another four years to get its act together. Maybe by then the brush fires of liberty will have been started well in advance and another man by the last name Paul will rise in it’s wake! If the Republicans don’t take the presidency in 2012, it will be a failure of the field. None of these guys look very likely to beat Obama, and Obama should be very beatable.
I tried using my peppermint-banana flavored floss, but that didn’t work.
1. Combine ingredients thoroughly.
In reality, FDR hadn’t written Haiti’s constitution, but if he had, he should have kept his mouth shut about it … his timing was incredibly bizarre: news had just broken of a series of Marine massacres in Haiti.
Right now I am spending even more time in this particular space. My final exam in Modern Philosophy is tomorrow. I have been diligently reading, studying and prepping for days. I will be sharing my notes out loud with Katie and/or Tim later today (it helps my brain retain the material). I have learned a lot this semester. Between Ancient and Modern Philosophy last semester and this term’s continuation of material, I understand how philosophy has grown, changed and ‘connected the dots’ in thinking about Being, God, causality and freedom for thousands of years. While all this information is fascinating, it has been hard-earned.
Both Santana and police responding to the call he made arrived at Campana's home. Unfortunately for Santana, he matched the description he'd given to the police of Berrios: Hispanic male, medium build, shaved head. The police approached Santana, who struggled with them. The revolver fell from his pants, hitting the cement and discharging a bullet into Police Officer Rodney Lewis's chest.
Blue Boar dry cutting core bits make it easy to quickly bore holes in CONCRETE BLOCK, BUILDING BRICK (non-vitrified), CONCRETE and CLAY ROOF TILES, and STONE, where a large and costl… Read More >>
I am beginning to feel like a human pincushion, but that's another story.
watch tv and go for walks.
Be well, make a difference to someone, and...
Best Wine Blogs
9) Think positive.
I got the ears to go purple before 10am - new record and I know I shouldn’t poke the beast but he makes it too easy…
Oh, there was something on there I consider to have been eaten. Something I enjoyed greatly. Something I want to make here at home soon. Bo tai chanh looks absolutely delicious. Now I know I have eaten beef carpacio before, definitely, a number of times. And it is delicious. The other? The last time I ordered something like it, though with a different name I can't remember, I had it explained that it was similar to beef carpacio but did have a distinct citrus note. So, whether I ate bo tai chanh or not is unclear. Still, I really want to make some of that myself. I have had shrimp ceviche, made tilapia ceviche and scallop ceviche. But BEEF ceviche? Woot! Beef AND ceviche... in one dish? Now that sounds delish! Oh, right, my stomach got excited from reading the list, if you can keep the fermented fish (probably). I would love to try true barbocoa too, as well as a thousand dishes I have curiosity about that aren't on the list. Yeah, I might be a foodie. It isn't to be exclusive, though. I'm just... curious... hungry... adventurous.
I read a book by Apsley Cherry Garrard, called The Worst Journey in the World about the Robert F. Scott expedition. As you may recall, Scott lost the race to be the first person to reach the South Pole-- he and his men died in their tent on their way home.
Putting the Blame on Mame
This photo, with the classic view of the village and the Devil's Bridge, was taken by my friend Jean-Claude Branville, a man of many talents and a distant cousin of St Theresa of Lisieux. The logo in the bottom right-hand corner is that of Les Plus Beaux Villages de France, The Most Beautiful Villages of France, of which Olargues is one out of about 150, to some extent due to Jean-Claude's efforts.
if I trust in you
The spiritual principle of satya, from the first limb yama translates into truthfulness. My journey is filled with many forks in the road and lately I’ve arrived at a fork in the road where the universe wants me to uncover my truth. My truth is filled with my stengths and my weaknesses. None of which are greater or less than , they just are. And in that, I am beautiful. In this beautiful struggle to journey towards truth , how can I become the best me our creator intended ?
Hope to see you there!
Third, the workers had sinfully re-ordered their priorities. They were working on their own houses while the house of the Lord remained unfinished.
Waiting 40 minutes at the airport and complaining? The Israelis just became my favourite people de jour. This, apparently, is what happens when you check in at Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion airport.
I would like to meet with and exchange views with Jaccie (family member of Juanita Lotz), who earlier suggested that the family had their “suspicions.”
Also fold in the eyebrows. Again, I forgot to take a picture. So your Goomba's eyebrows should NOT be sticking out like mine are in the photo above. Bend the eyebrows inward so that they aren't hanging off the edge. You'll reshape them later.
Jake is currently taking a course in honors biochemistry, of which he says he “loves the challenge of balancing equations with the elements or figuring out the probability involved in genetics.”
The problem for the poor, off course, is that higher labor and agricultural prices, comes out of taxes rich people pay and also add to the expense of their businesses.
5. No giveaway team members, their immediate families, or their employees may enter. By immediate families, this means your spouse, children, brother, sister, mother or father.
What is it with certain of my gal pals who stand me up at the last minute?
I also made a little Owl Pin to send. I saw this idea and I must admit I've gone a bit mad with it...well, I can't resist cute little owls you know! This is the one I made for Maureen:
I'm not really sure where the obsession started, I guess it was in my childish years, but, I like 'free stuff'.
The first Thursday of every month we head out to Holland Bloorview for our spina bifida group. This is a sacred time for us, NOTHING gets scheduled during this time and we make the 1 hour trek there and 1 1/2 hour trek back (it's rush hour) every month for our 2 hour group.
The next day we went to London for my FIRST YEAR ANNIVERSARY CHECK UP! It was all good news,they are concerned with low plaletes but other than that,everything is pretty much back to normal. So it was an emotional journey!!!!
While chicken is baking, cook spaghetti according to package directions. Serve chicken and sauce over spaghetti.
7. Allow offshore oil and gas exploration.
friday is just another day that sits between thursday and saturday.
To the surprise of many of us from the women movement who attended the parliamentary session, members of parliament from the ruling party, National Resistance Movement(NRM) who stood up to talk condemned the police act with reservations and blamed Ingrid for resisting the arrest and added that she deserved it.
So with all of the information that I needed, I phoned the arresting officer---I know him---He said "Clyde, you know I cant talk to you about this.---the father has complained to us, we have a statement from the girl, your mate's son has admitted it, so we had to charge him"-----Yep, that's fine--you have a statement from the girl, you have a statement from the boy, so have you arrested and charged the girl?.
Fate has other plans though for Ice Prince is a choker. There were signs- the most infamous being the freestyle session at Tim Westwood where he ‘freestyled from his phone’. The public mostly ignored this as not every emcee is gifted at freestyling. He’d come good was the thought when he has time to craft lines to the beats of one of Nigeria’s finest producers Jesse Jags. Well, he has deflated those hopes with an album that refuses (or cannot) decide what it wants to be.
Happy May Day!
Reviews Posts
The only reason to leave the house during the week was to gamble.
The symphony, which is fairly brief, makes use of an IBM song called "Ever Onward," and as notes for the symphony suggest, this is intended to identify "the spirit of IBM with the world movement for international understanding" - or "World Peace Through World Trade," as it says on the record label.
How incredible to connect with your drummer friend who is, just this week, gigging at the Venetian in Vegas AND charting out his parts for your recording! Gary, Gary, Gary… So stoked that he is part of this thing. I know the music is just going to spring to life with his masterful skill underpinning it.
Basking in the milk of your flesh, like a hungry babe to its mother
C. We Do Not Have To Submit To Our Sin Nature
6. Eat up and enjoy!
Most of us have something we'd like to raise awareness for and sometimes we find it incredibly tough to encourage people to read our posts, take notice of our pleas and listen to our reasons for wanting to raise awareness in the first place. Some of you know that I had a particularly difficult twelve months between 2009 and 2010 where I had several epileptic seizures. And some of you know that I had to go through the very frightening procedure of an MRI scan (my 3rd) and other tests in order to have my brain examined. Believe it or not, they did actually find my brain, even amongst the masses of sawdust, but to learn I had a different kind of epilepsy to the one I had been diagnosed with twelve years previously was an intense moment, especially as I'd resorted myself to the fact I had a brain tumour. It's just epilepsy, I told myself, over and over again. I can live with this. I might have to change my lifestyle but I'm used to doing that. I've done it before when I was first diagnosed in 1999. In the years of living with epilepsy I've given birth to a healthy daughter, lost my dad, moved to another part of the country and started a whole new life. I live with epilepsy every day. But I live to tell the tale.
Which is the lie?
Take care and God Bless!!
What I'm reading: Free Fire, by C.J. Box; The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, by Rebecca Skloot (book club)
Two bits of good news for all who love to read and write books for children. Firstly, after four years' hard work, The Story Museum has found a permanent home in Oxford. Appropriately enough a "fairy godmother" came forward with a gift of £2.5m, with which they have been able to buy a building in Pembroke Street.
Remove from pot and set aside, leaving any remaining juices in the pot.
They were cracking me up! If my iPhone wasn't already dead, I totally would have taken photos. By the end of class, I had so many people come up to me and tell me how adorable my kids were, it was heartwarming. One friend in class told me that she wished she were playing with them in their fort instead of taking class, they looked like they were having such a good time.
The service was slow so by the time my lamb burger with chutney (called Bolly Wooly I think) on a honey oat burger bun arrived with a plate of golden fries, I was ready to hoover up the food. And it was yum. The fries were crispy with plenty of potato in the middle; the best I've had in Malaysia in fact. The lamb was succulent, and the honey oat bun, mixed with chutney and remoulade, was absolutely delicious.The milk shakes went down well with the kids though I stuck to water which unfortunately didn't arrive at our table until we'd finished eating. There are a couple of beers on the menu for those so inclined and possibly some other things that I was too famished to notice. In fact, I didn't plan on writing a review so took no notes and only one photo. (I have since added photos from my second visit).
What are you doing to me???
Turkcell says MTN’s business dealings in the U.S. are “extensive,” giving the U.S. court so-called personal jurisdiction over the company. Turkcell cites MTN’s roaming agreements with U.S. cellular carriers such as AT&T Inc. (T) (T) and T- Mobile USA Inc. (166783Q) (166783Q), the sale of airtime at 7-Eleven stores, and collaboration with Facebook and contracts with Intel Corp., Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems as evidence.
In a crisp three-and-a-half pages, Rifaat lays out a trifecta of sex, death, and religion, a bulldozer that crushes denial and defensiveness to get at the pulsating heart of misogyny in the Middle East. There is no sugarcoating it. They don’t hate us because of our freedoms, as the tired, post-9/11 American cliché had it. We have no freedoms because they hate us, as this Arab woman so powerfully says.
Absolut Mandarin – 40%
Ted goes around the room until Ethan finally tells him, “I could take you through my list of sales prospects or I could actually call them and make some money. Your call.”
Our reliance on non-renewable fossil fuels releases large amounts of carbon dioxide and other pollutants into the environment, which affects our health, our future and our economy and ultimately the sustainability of our species and others on Earth as seen by the dramatic climatic events seen around the globe.
None of that is the contentious point, however. That arises from a matter seemingly not in issue: the relevant date for assessing prior art, discussed in para 26 of the decision: "Pursuant to Article 7(2)(b) of the Regulation, the relevant date for assessing the novelty and individual character is the date 12 months before the date of filing of the application ...". They repeated the erroneous date at para 36.
On November 24th, I brewed what I call a Winter Saison, with a starting gravity of 1.074 / 18 degrees Plato. I used two yeast varieties. One home-slanted variety that I've used before, and an actual wine yeast, namely Wyeast Bordeaux. They are still very active, even though I've transferred to secondary fermentation. At the time of the transfer, the gravity had been reduced to a specific gravity of 1.032 (or 8 degrees Plato).
Of course, once he realized it was a BMW behind him,
Price: Free Desktop Version (open source) or $9.99 for the Pro Version.
The shift dragged for a 4 hour shift .. but ah well .. got through it in the end. I was put on my usual mats, no shock there .. but they got done on time so that’s all that matters. Had to go upstairs to look for some POS .. ended up having to climb all over the boxes and clib the metal railing to not break anything .. and the stuff I was looking for was actually in a different box with a different label on .. sound.
Irreparable Harm to CSIRO
Even today in many households food is first offered to God as ‘naivedyam’ and then eaten as prasadam. Cooking and eating are one form of yajnya. Work is another form of yagnya.., if you do it as worship and offer the benefits to God, before enjoying the rest as prasAdam. This means if you work all month and get a salary, you must offer a part of it to God and accept the rest of it as His prasAdam. If your work is a yagnya, and your salary is the yagnya phala, then you must perceive it as given by the dEvas who are pleased by your yagnya., not by your employers. This is hard. But if you do it you are on the way to becoming a karmayOgi.
Does the very thought of a combination like this make you, as an agent, throw up your hands in horror?
Also, there are a lot of roundabouts around the college. At least I'll get to walk or ride my bike instead of drive. I promise this blog will stop being my diary and go back to the good old trolling shit after I get moved into my dorm.
I think I need to make my bed less comfortable as I am finding it extremely difficult to get up in the morning. Perhaps the cashmere flannel sheets will have to go. Sniff, sniff!
My ex-friend Ashley, started dirty dancing because she was desperate. She is just obsessed with this guy named Austin. She does not realize that he will NEVER like her in a million years. She paid my friend Kris 1 dollar to talk to him for her. She is always following him and talking to him. He like runs away. So WOULD I! Totally. So that was the amazing, wonderful, totally awesome Summit Day.
Fryburg Ohio
* When I first entered therapy in 1991 at the age of 21, I had NO IDEA I might have DID. I knew there were problems. I was in an abusive relationship and desperately wanting out. But I really didn’t think there were problems beyond that.
If you post about it, please leave a link in the comments so I can check it out!
To encourage conversion to Islam, several thousand ringgit are rewarded to the religious person who can convert and marry an Orang Asli woman. He is also given perks like a 4WD and housing. Yet, we are outraged when Malays dine with non-Malays and discuss charitable works. Umno feels insecure when Muslims socialise with non-Muslims.
The most compelling reason to date that holds a little bit of water. “The game is not available in my region”. However if that is the case you can import it can often be done fairly cheap. I got Mother3 years ago for 35$ Canadian and patched it. Fact is their is almost always a way to legally acquire software from abroad. Alongside this excuse I have heard “I live in Indonesia and a game costs 120$ worth in USD. I cannot afford this” Well as I had said yesterday I and many other Canadians paid 120$ for N64 games. But your monthly wages simply aren’t enough to buy games like we did. Lucky for you their are a ton of cost effective games. F2P is huge as is browser based and social games. Growing up I would get a game every 3-4 months and that was perfectly fine.
‘Foxy’ Foxglove on the other hand couldn’t care less about sub-zero temperatures. This is one of two still living in the garden that I grew from seeds last winter. They survived the Florida heat and are now relishing the cooler and even the colder temps. In case you haven’t tried these in your Florida garden I can tell to go for it, but forget the first spring – unless maybe if you got them in the ground early, say, in October after the weather breaks. That may give them enough time to develop into a blooming plant in the first spring, but I have a feeling that their second season will still be better. Some of mine bloomed last year (what a thrill!), but it was hot by then, and they didn’t have the height or form that the seed packet represented. This young flower stalk looks exciting.
Strong and free
Another item in this pack is from Pixel Lounge Studio, they are offering the winner a complete marketing kit called Un Soupçon d'amour. Set includes the following templates:
-Angel Zapata, editor
The Living Room Conversations project leverages the common sense of average citizens, and believes that through a movement beginning with intimate local conversations, citizens from across the political spectrum just might be able to short circuit the destructive political dynamics we find ourselves trapped in. Living Room Conversations is an open source effort to share best practices for hosting small structured conversations so that people with diverse views can have constructive heartfelt conversations. We are eager to learn how to do this even better. Might a grassroots conversation movement be able to usher in a culture of respectful civil dialogue? Co-host or join a conversation to find out!
For those of you who are unaware (like, ahem, me), The Moth is a storytelling slam taking place in New York, L.A., Chicago, and any city that can get a grant. It's essentially an open mic with a different theme each time, and performers cannot use notes. Improv was never my strong point, and I'm sure I'd be floundering were I given a turn at the mic. However, the ones who are good at this, are really, really good. Listen to author Meg Wolitzer recount her first experience with love, and her camp boyfriend's dogged attempts to get to "first base." You'll be laughing all the way to work.
Oh yes, I’m well aware of both sides of the heated Home School debate.
RULE NUMBER THREE. Refer to Rule number One.
There's the 'wasting time' side of things and there's the really 'doing nothing,' as in gazing off into space doing nothing.
I guess why I'm writing this is to ask for advice. How to do I get more traffic on this thing? Is there any kind of post you guys like to read on other blogs? (outfit posts, DIYs, less/more about personal life) I know this requires more time put in from me, which I am willing to do if it fits into my schedules. I've thought about advertising via other blogs I love, but haven't taken the plunge yet. If you have any suggestions, please feel free to leave them in the comments or even email or tweet me :)
It could only mean one thing: Another credits scene.
We are reminded that all flesh is grass. What better day for rain to fall than today, following baptism, the washing of regeneration.
We are in flux. I'm offering a quick update on Dexter. He is big. In fact, the boys are delighted as I call him a "big galoot" ("galute" is also an accepted spelling) and they think I have made up this word. Dexter, in his current state, could inspire the creation of the word "galoot." He lumbers and lopes (when he is not running and leaping) and often bumps into things. He is ten months and Bill keeps saying, "I think he's finished growing," but his feet still seem too large for his (big) body and his ears are overly floppy, often backwards as a result of exuberance. I used to hold him while I worked and he doesn't seem to realize that he's rather outgrown this. He drapes himself across my lap and rests his chin on my desk. Remember, he was the runt. I adore him. He is soulful and I feel sure that he will be a noble beast. Currently, in flux.
Jim Allan & Jim Thatcher, Web Accessibility Gurus & W3C advisors
I think he was joking (why the hell would he want my silly little anecdote?). But just in case: YOU READ IT HERE FIRST.
As if every promise from Your Word is not enough
- Grade level
MATAN, the Sadie Rennert Women’s Institute for Torah Studies, was established in 1988. The Advanced Talmudic Institute began its first cohort in 1999, and is a leading program in advanced study for women. The Talmudic Institute offers its students the unique opportunity to delve deep into the world of the Talmud, using both traditional and modern methods to understand this literary and spiritual gem of Jewish tradition. Over the course of the three-year program, students hone their skills and broaden their knowledge, as they strive to impact the world of learning in particular, and society and culture in general. To help build these future scholars, educators, and religious leaders, MATAN offers students a living stipend.
Gosh, my “squatter camp” is now EMPTY! WOOHOOO- the movers came yesterday to fetch all the owners old furniture and I have a “clean slate” to decorate now. So excited to get our own personalities in here.. even Wayne is home today ready with his “Hilti” and uhum credit card- BWHAHAHAH ;-P
Last evening I found a beautiful gift.
Why did I quit talking about our finances with him? Because he expected me to be accountable for every penny yet not be accountable for his money. He’d spend where and how he wanted.
It's gorgeous and very steamy, with beautiful graphics
People come in every variety of cluelessness about author names and titles. An easy to say or spell name is no guarantee they won't get it wrong.
I have also managed to base my tags off of Linda (The Funky Junkie)'s 12 tags! So I will be linking up there each day :) Today's is linking to tag 2 -- Mostly I took inspiration from her handmade flower and the variety in textures that she used! I've got rough cardstock, plastic netting, smooth satin... it's a super fun tag to hold!
Best Craft Blogs
4:51 - Work on ladies' newsletter Sisterhood Sentinel
With that thought in mind, I'd like to show you a little snippet of a speech President Obama made last week at the White House Forum on Women and the Economy that slipped under the radar (emphasis mine):
Being out in that water on the beach started a process in me. It’s a good process. It’s a process that has been a long time coming. Not only is it a process of healing, it’s a process of washing a lot of old stuff out of my life. It’s taking a lot of wrong motives, wrong thoughts, wrong doctrine, and removing it from my mind, heart, and soul. The scales are being lifted not only from my eyes but from my heart.
Beyond all this discussing, I kept reflecting on our current position as writers. He agreed with me when I said that there really isn’t a place of us, the more dedicated “traditional” writer. Most writers, it seemed to us, were college educated professors, at least from the one’s we know and have experienced, who are more interested in forming groups and bullshitting with one another. Us “students” can only reach that level if we buddy-buddy with them enough, write like they do, and are into the same things they are. I find this irresponsible and the main thing killing the so-called literary scene of today. Writing has gone back to academics, but into the hands of the newer irresponsible academics, who are more interested in making a name for themselves, or making friends with someone. It feels like the high school mentality all over again, but within adults who should know better – adults who shouldn’t be looked upon as mentors.
Add about half the flour mixture and mix on low until just incorporated, about 30 seconds. Repeat with remaining flour, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary. Cover & refrigerate dough one hour.
1/3 cup ranch dressing
In the manual, you find all sorts of useful advice for the newly-vampirised: ProVamp capsules to stop you lusting after human blood; iVamp, the communication network used by web-savvy vampires; Arithmomania, the counting compulsion you have to get used to; steak - eat it VERY rare!
The claims by Dr Ian Robertson may go some way to explain the outlandish and impulsive behaviour of city fatcats, tycoons and celebrities.
From there we went to dinner at Teppan Edo, the teppanyaki style eatery in the Japan pavilion.
Have a great night everyone,
And sometimes I ask why,
“Everything that’s already in the world when you’re born is just normal; anything that gets invented between then and before you turn thirty is incredibly exciting and creative and with any luck you can make a career out of it; anything that gets invented after you’re thirty is against the natural order of things and the beginning of the end of civilisation as we know it until it’s been around for about ten years when it gradually turns out to be alright really. Apply this list to movies, rock music, word processors and mobile phones to work out how old you are.”
This blog was recently discovered by an old JW-friend. I hope he has enjoyed what he has read. One thing I find interesting is that the greatest sin he focused on was my celebrating of Christmas. I’m a practicing witch, and an apostate (by his reckoning) yet it was far worse that I would erect a Christmas tree in my house and exchange presents with my loved ones for the first time in my life. Does that sound like twisted reasoning? Does that sound like the Pharisaical tendency to ‘strain out the gnat and gulp down the camel’? (Matthew 23:24)But then, they are all Pharisees aren’t they? That is the whole idea of this blog:
We of course went back in the daytime and behaved much more respectively!
The project aims to build three hospitals with a capacity of 300 beds each and with land area of 50,000 square meters for two and 36,000 square meters for the third. These hospitals will provide integrated medical services even dispensing of some drugs. This will cost 130 KD in the first two years, 150 KD for the third and forth, 170 KD for the fifth and sixth, 180 KD for the seventh and eighth, and 190 KD for the ninth and tenth. This proves that this project is a financial failure for Kuwait as those few centers will not be able to provide 1.5 million people with good health services
Upon the 6-year anniversary of moving into the compound, Eli learns that his father hasn't been honest with the rest of the family. They have all come to loathe each other, but his father is the worst of all. Eli learns that his father has been using the internet; something he didn't think even existed anymore. After sneaking online for a few minutes, Eli learns the true extent of his father's deceit and he vows to get his family out of the compound... immediately.
As you can imagine, it isn't so easy to avoid sand at the beach! We never figured out what the problem was and he never got past it. He was convinced that the sand was scary in some way. It was a bit of a self-fulfilling prophesy because his instinct was to try to wipe the horrific substance off the bottom of his foot on the inside of the other leg... and that is exactly where he has the most trouble with his eczema. It's not surprising that salty sand is really painful on eczema-cracked skin. But even when he seemed to be able to accept that no rattlesnake or sand crab was going to get him, and the sand wouldn't hurt if he didn't rub it into his wounds, he was still frightened!
I choose to bring out the best in my customers, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
like Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck and Prince.
Here's a pic from the start.
Andy Baker (21 months)
We must know, further, that God is very closely united to our souls through his presence, so that we can say that he is the place of minds in the same way that spaces are, in a sense, the place of bodies.[1]
Neighbors have said the dogs never seemed aggressive. The dog was seen later in the day wagging its tail and curiously looking at members of the media gathered for a news conference.
I stared into the black cat’s golden eyes …
obsessions this week - pinterest, dogwood trees, reading new authors (discovering new books)
He said the restriction will be lifted at 6am on Sunday morning.
I'm starting my new job next week, and unfortunately between scrambling around trying to cover our bills 'til I'm being paid again, being mostly broke, getting ready for the new job, and just life in general at the moment; we haven't had any time (or money) to prep, and won't be able to have any time to prep before we'd have to go, and would only be able to get there Saturday (or maybe late Friday night).
Never to be held by my touch or captured by my tongue.
“Three armed men entered the warehouse. They forced an employee to lie on the ground. They then brought in other workers from outside and made them all lie down.
It will be clear to the British people in the case of tribal conflict between them and their Muslim fifth column that defeat will result in the disappearance of their civilization, their way of life, and their existence as a people. Accordingly, they will have to win it, which means they will have to do what needs to be done to win it, which means they will have to do a great many violent and unpleasant things, things that, though quite inconceivable to many at present, will seem right and obvious to most when the nature of the conflict has become sufficiently clear.
Often times when students write “academically,” add in a few extra fancy words, or try to change their style completely, the essay is tough to read. The flow of the paper gets muddled and worse the point you are trying to make gets lost in the chaos. Writing according to your style really helps the natural flow of your paper, which in turn helps the reader better understand your message behind the paper. The clarity of your paper is worth so much more than what little authority a few extra words would provide!
If my garden plants were in the least bit sensitive they would be a little put out by the fact that such a recent newcomer to the garden was being given top billing in the photographs today. But how could I not. I picked this cactus up, for what I thought was a song, at Lowes yesterday. It is an Echinopsis, Echinopsis subdenudata,' dominoes' and with flower buds it was an easy pick. I had no idea that it was to open this morning. David spotted it when he went outside. We enjoyed its brief bloom on our breakfast table. There are more to come. It's getting very crowded on the cactus and succulent fireplace!
If all else fails
– visited a local Renaissance Faire; fortunately the day I went (read: NOT TODAY) was fantastic weather and made for fun times. For once I didn’t dress up, preferring this time to enjoy it as a civilian. Yes folks, I do have several costumes and dress up regularly in full pirate gear. Arrr.
Degree: BS in Physics from Sim State University
I never remember us being poor.
The two-week trial offered a rare look at the evolution of a terrorist plot and the workings of Qaeda training camps where the former classmates received their orders. Two of the classmates described the plot, and two other convicted terrorists also testified for the government, sharing their secrets from the witness stand in a packed public courtroom.
after
I'm standing in the kitchen at Eleven Madison Park, and I should be paying attention to the cook carefully pouring liquid nitrogen into my cocktail. She's explaining the entire process and ingredients, and i'm pretty sure there is some clever allusion to a digestif or something, but I dont hear any of it. It's not because im disinterested, or because I have had a dozen glasses of wine. (OK, that may have had a little to do with it.) It's because it is SO FUCKING NOISY IN THERE. And I feel completely at home. Whenever I have been fortunate enough to have been invited into a fine dining kitchen it has always been whispery quiet. They usher you in, everyone sort of looks up at you and half smiles, and you more or less skulk around in the bitch corner until your time is up, and they show you to the door. EMP however is a mosh pit; It's fast and loud and crowded and for fucks sake I just want to jump in there right now and cook. The composed chaos of it all sends shivers down my spine. Fine dining is so much sexier when it's humanized like this.
In no way, shape or form can I do justice to the life and times of Peter Tosh within the confines of a blog post. I would never even attempt to try. Its too daunting a task. Instead I turn to the the brilliant documentary 'Stepping Razor Red X - The Peter Tosh Story' directed by Nicholas Campbell and released in 1993 to tell the story. In fact, the power of the documentary is that it is told through Tosh's own words which he kept in a series of cassette tapes he recorded that were discovered after his death. (read a New York Times review of the film which helps put the documentary into context). The film succeeds in providing a detailed look at Tosh that is distinct and separate from the role he played in founding The Wailers and further helps to portray him as a separate musical personality with political and social viewpoints which clashed with that of the Jamaican establishment and government.
So this has been a busy/tiring week for us. As stated in the previous blog KJ had to go to the ER Monday night. After doing the follow-up with her doctor we determine that more than likely she didn't have a febrile seizure. Thank Goodness! So she still just has the double ear infection. She will need to have tubes placed in her ears so we have scheduled that for the beginning of Feb. Thursday we then had to go to Temple for our quarterly NICU follow-up visit. The OTs said she is doing great! She right on target with everything developmentally. The NNP said that she is doing good as well but would like for her to have an evaluation with the Cerebral Palsy Clinic and get a CP evaluation. Mostly due to her high muscle tone. She also had an appointment with Pulmonalogy who wants to try a few things to see if we can get her to start breathing better especially at night. She was also ordered to have an EKG done. So we go back to Pulmonalogy in Feb. to check her progress.
On the positive side, there are cannulas inserted into the heart to provide suction during the procedure; it is also possible that once the vegetation came loose, the tricuspid weed got sucked up by a cannula. That would be best-case scenario. And bless our friend, Anne, who actually managed to make us laugh by saying, "It sounds like a bad student essay: 'The Machine Ate My Blood Clot!'" You have no idea how close I was to using that as a title for this post.
Theis in the Killing and Philip the PM's husband in Borgen were, to my eye, very sexy and Martin in the Bridge is now ticking that box very nicely thank you very much......not handsome or traditionally leading man, but real looking and very fanciable.....the sort you would want in your lifeboat if push came to shove. Or is it only me that finds them sexy?
I enjoy spouting off about the DABC every chance I get. It's the best "free" therapy a beer lover in Utah can self administer.
and crashed on the couch with her puppy maya by her side
Jolie Boudreaux patted her grandmother’s back in consolation as the old woman who had raised her cried in mourning and frustration. Her grandmother, Maman Nettie, was crying because of a notice she received in the mail from the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Department. The letter simply stated that she owed $275 to them for a ticket that had been given to her husband three months ago for fish that were too small to keep. Jolie’s papa was a fisherman and trapper and he didn’t care much for the laws that stated which animals he could or couldn’t catch. He was only concerned about feeding his family and making enough money to keep them comfortable. So when he was caught by the Game Warden with the silver tub full of illegally small catfish he didn’t tell anyone. He hadn’t intended on paying the fine. The problem now was that Jolie’s papa was dead. He had died about two months ago and her maman was still mourning him. To be honest, so was Jolie. Her papa had been responsible for teaching her so much about hunting, fishing, gardening, and life in general. He had loved her and she loved him. In her eyes, he was a man to be revered. So she would defend him to the death—even though logically she knew he was wrong about the fish.
#56- Maple Leaf
I’m going to OD on allergy meds and try to get back to sleep, I wanted to write something down and start jotting stuff again like I do on twitter, so follow me or ask me to move my ass again.
Despite strong backbench feeling on all sides (as evidenced in the debate organised by Conservative MP Dominic Raab) and despite her own previous public position, Home Secretary Theresa May is, it is reported, about to rule out any change in the extradition arrangements with the United States or with other EU countries. Instead, she is set to follow the conclusions of a report produced late last year by the senior judge Sir Scott Baker, who decided that everything in the world of extradition was absolutely fine. This should be massively disappointing to anyone who cares about justice.
so...now on to the positive part of monday morning! my girls having fun in the snow...well my big girls anyway :) miss maggie was not to thrilled about the cold and being wrapped up! for now i think she is happier playing in a warm house!
Clutching the bags like a porter, I walked briskly to the guard station and got into a very low, red Ferrari. My bags were jammed next to my cramped legs.
I like to read blogs i dont always reply because my phone has issues. But when I read blogs it makes me see that I'm not the only one who has these thoughts. I was reading a blog the other day and the writer wrote that she wished her husband would come in and tell her to get over his knee now she was getting a spanking. Wow I wish that too. SOmetimes I wish my hubby spanked me more when I was needed it instead of letting things go. Inconsistancy KILLSS MEE!!! I try really hard to not worry about if or when he's going to spank. I try not to get upset when he doesnt.
I am finally feeling myself after dealing with Kidney Stones and Kidney Infection last week :) HOORAY!
Below is a press release from Reprieve. I have extracted it in full. The report runs to 221+ pages… I have read some of the more UK specific parts and will examine the document in more detail during the course of the day.
If you haven’t seen them yet, I urge you to go out right after nightfall this evening and look to the Southwest. High up in the sky the planets Venus (the brighter one) and Jupiter (fainter but still brighter than any other star in the sky) are passing within 3° of each other (about 6 lunar diameters.
Pleaing
Six stray cats on ten Persian rugs...
Did you know that you’ve been tagged like a whale, with a radio collar? Odds are you carry a cell phone, and that it’s on most of the time you have it. Your cell company, and possibly your government can thus create one of these interesting and creepy interactive maps, telling them the story of your life. Foursquare is a footnote compared to this map. Imagine it in the wrong hands?
One need to have to know the knowledge of HTML or any programming and this is easy-to-use click-in-context editor. Anyone can build like a pro. One can see 2000 professional design templates including customisable designs that allow one to create one’s unique look.
What Tom Watson, and others — especially Aamer Anwar — will be pursuing is the credence that can be paid to Wight, then a Crown Witness, now a very tattered reputation.
4 skill
So, is sailing a dying sport?...I don’t think so. The grassroots are fine. Just look at our little SunCoast Laser Fleet. This year we are having a series of Saturday races, ten dollars entry fee, trinkets for trophies, tons of fun and visiting 4 other such sailing centers, clubs, squadrons, etc. to make our Laser Fleet grow and show our little boats all over the place. The folks of the Treasure Coast Series on the East coast are doing the same (we copied their format actually). Look around, your club is probably having tons of sailing activities that you can join up and make better.
in the cozy hotel room.It was incredible, and we fell asleep with the window open, listening to the crash of the ocean.
On my list of wishes:
Emilia Big big world S
"Watson"
The agent paused not laughing, and then he said/joked that he was such a low-level agent that there was nothing below his pay-grade, but then I woke up.
emotional meltdown
It’s weird to think of how far the found footage genre has come. From early small cult films (Blair Witch Project, Cannibal Holocaust) to big budget affairs such as Chronicle. The genre has blown up lately which is a good thing for it and a bad thing. With the blow up of the genre has also come with backlash. Some critics and people are getting tired of them and it is just a matter of time before the “fad” is over. But is it really a “fad”? There is something about the genre that is just so appealing to me and many other people. There is something so intimate about seeing a story from a person’s point of view. No matter what it is the genre needs strong films to survive. Movies that not only justify the genre but also innovates it. Chronicle is exactly what the genre needed. A movie that claims to be apart of it but also a movie that transcends it.
W 05.02
Their problem is he is too smart for them, and way too smart to want to do so, despite them trying to use an old girlfriend as leverage.
That was a couple of weeks ago. And yes, the clock is operational with a AA battery (ok, maybe 3 of them, I forgot).
I want to hate you for this.
and alive to God in Jesus Christ our Lord. Alleluia.
~Icewolf and characters
upon which nothing floats;
Chris (Mrs) walked barefoot and topless until some random stranger gave her a top, hitchhiked and walked to her home, phones were down, no one could come to help her as noone knew what had happened. When she got home her house was totalled, her car in a hole in the ground, she turned around and hitchhiked and got a taxi to her parents place in Burnside, still covered in dust, sewarage, blood and smoke. There she found her 2 year old son fitting with an extreme temperature. He has been to doctor and it's a virus.
I'm a bit of a freak. I start shopping in September and try to be done by the beginning of December. I HATE crowds. I avoid all busy places in December. I avoid Walmart, and even the grocery store if I can. There are a few stocking stuffer things to get and Sushi has got some Black Friday shopping to do for me but, pretty much done.
So sitting outside in the evening, we remembered the year; the good, the bad, & the ugly. And we still feel blessed. Thank you God.
Bob Kuban and the In-Men were a rock band from St. Louis, Mo., who in 1966 had a top 40 hit called “The Cheater,” written by their bass guitarist Mike Krenski. Kuban was the drummer for the group and handled the business side of things like promoting the band and booking gigs. “The Cheater” is one of those tunes that, when you hear it on an oldies radio station, you can’t remember who did it, but you immediately start singing along.
Your goal should be to have 80% of your diet alkalizing and 20% acidic. Top choices are marked with a *.
As we start to spend more time outdoors this spring take the time to look around you for some ladybugs! Our good mates at the Lost Ladybug Project desperately need each and every one of you reading today to help out. Face it, you never leave the house without your iThingy to take precious little photos of yourself after a hard 2 mile run…How about not worrying about your image for a bit and looking around yourself for some friendly little critters!?!
This pack also advertises the possibility of hitting Michael Jordan baseball cards.
Does Fran Kranz give the best or most irritating performance of the year?
Physical Fitness
Hey everyone! I am sorry for the long, long delay in posting. Life has gotten a little crazy since I am starting up a new business. And with all the life-changing decisions actually beginning to take form, something has to give. Sadly, it is this blog. However, you can find me at my new web-home - lavishyou.com.
Which neatly leads to the third problem: if the child is being bullied, or on the verge of being bullied – adults not helping…doesn’t help. (For a great way they can help check out: http://www.education.unisa.edu.au/bullying/concern.html )
Nominate an I Am the Workforce candidate
We don’t yet know the details of the application yesterday, but NAMA has been sued in the past by an insolency practitioner and building company over unpaid bills.
Most of your summer planting should be over, but there still time to do some last minute planting such as:
The finish was long, but light and fresh with some leesy complexity.
Winners of the AILA Youth Literature Award receive a cash award and a beaded medallion featuring the AILA awards logo.Winners will receive their award and medallion at the ALA Annual Conference in Washington, D.C. on Monday, June 28th.
Nothing is more magical than a Harry Potter party. This party theme is perfect for your older Witch or Wizard. I had a lot of fun throwing our 8 year-old this Wizarding themed birthday party. It was by far the most fun party I have thrown.
36. When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
Please stop by to see what our talented ODBD Challenge Team have created!
He leaves and Bri is in tears. Her mom tells her, "sometimes some daddies aren't willing to want to make it work." Heartbreaking. True.
I also thought that if I were of a different nature, and wanted spectacular action shots of a goose, all I would have to do is wait until the light was just right, and then advance on the nest until he came after me. But, that isn’t my style. I stopped following a few blogs because of the way the authors went about getting good shots of wildlife, like releasing mice to attract owls up close, and things like that. I know, owls kill mice on a daily basis, or close to it, but I’m not going to turn loose tame mice that have no idea what’s in store for them out into the wild just to get a photo, no matter how spectacular the photo would be.
My second card today includes the cute little birdie on the fence image and a sentiment from the new diners club set. Once again, I used the pattern paper from the My Mind's Eye Bright Side collection. I also added some Sparkly Fluff to the birdie on the fence (Baby Boy Blue and Breezy Blue).
Seventeen year old Ree Dolly has a simple goal in the movie Winter’s Bone—to find her father. But it proves to not be an easy task. I’m sure the same could be said for writer/director Debra Granik as she sought to find a way to turn Daniel Woodrell’s novel into a movie.
Illuminate has beautiful packaging, with a stunning cover and a strong premise combining to promise us an equally beautiful story full of danger and intrigue as well as a taste of heaven and hell. While Ms. Agresti is undoubtedly a talented writer with a flare for detailed descriptions, the story itself takes a great deal of time to really build, and we read page after page hoping for a snowball effect to kick in—wishing the quiet beginning would start to gain substance as the mystery of Lexington Hotel’s owners and staff unfolds, but instead we find the frozen flakes slip right through our fingers and prevent us from building anything greater than the sum of its individual parts. All the pieces of a fantastic story are present and accounted for, but somehow they don’t quite come completely together, our investment in Haven and her plight tangled up in a large number of words that don’t seem altogether vital or necessary to the progression of the plot as a whole.
Still, my point is that I feel that Treyarch is, in a good way, a bit less serious than Infinity Ward, so they are more about…bit more fun in multiplayer with funkier weapons like the RC-XD vehicle. That’s totally fine by me.
Hello little one. Well, today is another day and I am happy to report that I did make it out to see you the other day. That made my heart and head happy.
Nature.
This can only be done, though, if you’ve already learned how to deactivate the binary automatism in yourself. In magic, as in so many of the things we’ve discussed in this blog, the starting point is always your own life, and of course that’s unpopular; trom Al Gore’s carbon footprints to all those gay-bashing preachers who end up being caught with their boyfriends, America these days is awash in people trying to demand changes from other people that they haven’t been able or willing to carry out themselves. That’s ineffective magic in any context, and especially so when it comes to ternary thinking. If you try to work with ternaries when you’ve still got a great deal of emotion and personal identity invested in binary thought patterns, for example, you’re probably going to fall into a binary between the abstract concepts of binary and ternary thinking, see ternary thinking as “food” and “nonpredator” and binary thinking as “nonfood” and “predator,” and pile on the binary reactions while convincing yourself that you’ve transcended them.
YELLOW STARBURSTS
The Old Town in Cochin, Kerala, India, was a centre of the spice trade, it and still carries evidence of Portuguese influence on the region in it’s architecture.
5:30 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. -- Check e-mail at the business center. I only bought two hours of Internet time for the entire week so I wasn't online much.
We will move down to Pangkor where we will say goodbye to Tin Soldier as they are returning to Canada for awhile. Then we will take several days move down the Melacca Strait and return to Danga Bay so that we can have some canvas work done.
My mother turned 79 on 31st March. The family gathered for simple dinner and for sometime she forgot her dizzy spells, her weak heart and all that the old age brings with it. After my father’s death 5 years back my brother decided to brings ma back to Delhi and since then they stay together ( He does not like to say she stays with him).
“Ashton, aren’t you from here?” asked Jarvyk. Somberly the mage nodded, “Yes, this is home. We can go there to stay for now.”
No matter what walk of life one comes from, the common denominator is money, as one needs it for the necessities of life (food, clothing, shelter, etc.). Unfortunately, my generation has lost the meaning behind the value of money and this direly needs to change. Financial literacy is the beginning of financial change. This is exactly what our great university needs and exactly what our great country calls for.
As parents we understand and now this but sometimes we too often forget the meaning.
939 **D-IV/12/1986. “First, Persuade the Teachers: On Educational Reform Today.” Mortimer J. Adler’s Teacher Training Conference, Paideia Program, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(4), above, pp. 205-11.)
½ – 1 teaspoon unrefined sea salt (I like Celtic)
Ah, love...
Ted, “We need to hire someone. This TEAM is incomplete.”
Oh, la laa.
It is not often you hear the phrase 'we had a fun day out with River Island' and rightly so because it would suggest we were a family of shopperholics. Back to River Island - it was the Chelsea Girl of my youth, when it was the go to shop on the high street once you'd managed to wrangle your way out of M&S and C&A and Clarks shoes. Apart from the occasional outing to Fenwick to get a nice outfit I mainly hung around in jeans and t-shirts from Chelsea Girl, Gola trainers and an Adidas hoodie. It was all so simple then!
The manager of Mexico’s Bordo Poniente says that the landfill beats South Korea’s Sudokwon Landfill in terms of surface area, but is a little behind in volume received.
All the same, "I could certainly argue that these are bandaids," Nestle said. "The White House view of how you work with the food industry is that you look for increments, and do it in steps, but that's not how I would do it."
l. This section, with modifications, is taken from Administrative Circular No. 04-94 issued by the Supreme Court on February 8, 1994 for this purpose explained therein:
Crates of feral cats have been dropped onto Easter Island to keep the Alvah Consciousness from leaving.
The untimely passing of anyone should remind us of this but it is always especially poignant when it’s someone who’s achieved as much as Steve.
Devin Martin, Roderick Russell
“Imagine living your whole life going up and you have it all. And then it ends that way,” he said.
323 14. “On Taking the Bible Seriously Again.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, August 5, 1999, pp. 7-8, August 12, 1998, p. 8.. (Source: Item C-1998 (12), above, pp. 517-21.)
You never knew.
@fkeroge’s wise words, “Koromo’s ability is more connected to her cruel playing style and her ability to prevent others from getting tenpai, as well as adjusting the flow of the game so that she will be the last one to draw from the wall, increasing her chances of getting a haitei.”
RACE ENGINE TECHNOLOGY 048 AUGUST 2010
No, of course not. Please.
No back links please, if the item was on your blog before September 7th then it will be removed. Thanks for your understanding on this matter.
The pattern I have identified is this;
No? I wondered. NO, she said again.
The Wicked stitch pattern is a freebie from You Can Make This. It originally calls for a crystal spider head with sequins on the body - but I didn't have either of those on hand, so I did my usual thing of just "making it work" as Tim Gunn says. In fact, that's pretty much my craft mantra - just make it work. So I used extra large french knots for the body instead of sequins and just satin-stitched the head. You can see that I'm not the neatest stitcher in the world, but I love how it looks!
I like to think that I am running something of a public service. A slightly strange public service where the benefits to the public are not immediately obvious, but a public service nonetheless. When I googled ‘writing topics’ and came across pages and pages of suggested writing topics for high school students, which were blander than the blandest gruel, I thought that I would offer an alternative. That is the type of blog this is, always helping those in need.
So how did a severely vaccine damaged child become part of these appalling statistics?
That would be my morning 11am to 1ish...
Sherry and John from Young House Love are teaming up with Katie from Bower Power to host their winter edition of The Pinterest Challenge to get people to stop pinning and start doing. (Not affiliated with the Pinterest company.) The rules? You just find something from Pinterest that inspires you and create your own version. Then join Young House Love for a big Pinterest Challenge linky party on Wednesday, March 14th. Sounds fun, right? I'm joining the challenge with my sofa table makeover.
One of the main characters is someone you don't want to see hurt, a true patriot, always willing to put it all on the line, someone that we would all like to be, but probably never will. That's not to say that he's perfect, no one is, but he's one of those characters that a lot of us can relate to.
Yes, the living expenses in Singapore is rather high, and is going up even higher thanks to inflation. Essentially to survive, we have no choice but to earn more money. Of course, sometimes people tend to go overboard with being materialistic and stuff even if they can’t afford it.
The holiest of holies when it comes to essentials in the French woman's wardrobe....the right hand to YSL's 'le smoking' jacket...the black pants....Like the LBD...never leave home without them...
On Wednesday the committee cleared a bill for House vote that would repeal bailout fund requirements under Dodd-Frank and tether the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to congressional appropriations.
Not a whole lot to say about this one.
Whenever a line from him came in, everything else in my inbox faded to a blur of background chatter. I pounced on his name like prey, clicked the attachment and sat transfixed in the glow of the screen. The song flooded through me and receded, covering me in its lyrics like a gritty, sparkling tidemark. I played it again and hit reply, telling myself I was savvy, that I didn’t really long for him. But I was being soundly annihilated, 6 MB at a time.
I never thought that so many of you would mean so much to me, and
A visit to the clinic usually resulted in beatings of sick people and extremely inhumane treatment for the prisoners.
I know I've been a bit scarce lately, and I'd like to thank Victoria for doing such a great job of maintaining the blog. The reason I've been scarce was one I wasn't free to discuss until now, and it's Big News for us and for writers everywhere.
He knew the guy so greeted him.
1 fresh red chilli (chopped finely)
Originally released in November 1973.
Recently, G-Cloud director Chris Chant said the initiative is helping departments drive down their IT spend by as much as 90%.
So, who is this Private Ryan that needs saving? He is one of 4 brothers... the other 3 having all been killed in the war. Some soldiers are sent on a mission to find him and bring him home so his mother doesn't have to suffer the loss of her 4th son. While the leader is explaining why he thinks they need to "save" Private Ryan, he reads this incredible, elogent, moving letter written by President Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War. It was written in November of 1864 to a Mrs Bixby in Boston...
I had to keep flicking away to a sub-titled Mongolian movie (true … and which was far, far superior).
I have some BIG news to share with all of you faithful cutting back readers!
good as new
Dr. Azzacove continued, ". . .the drill suddenly began to rotate wildly, indicating that we had reached a large empty pocket or cavern. Temperature sensors showed a dramatic increase in heat to 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit."
One of my readers has started collecting woodblock type. Not long ago it was being thrown in skips. This is a shame, for, not only does it turn the making of mass media into a highly tactile experience, if, for some reason they turn the internet off, we may just need those lost skills.
As mentioned previously, one thing I liked about Elance.com is that artists can see the low, high, and average proposal bids of auditions already sent for each job listing. It gives some context to the general categorization of “pays under $500” or “$1000-$2500” or what have you. Elance also lets clients reject bids based on fee alone, giving voiceover talent the option to revise their bid lower (if they feel that is a reasonable action).
The Bristol high temperature compressors in the K/T/BMH & K/T/BEH Hermetic condensing unit product lines are no longer available.
The official groundbreaking for the center was held in the summer of 2000. With construction nearly completed in spring 2002, pilot programs were conducted to test the four-day program for 4th and 5th graders. The teachers and kids who attended provided reviews about the quality of the educational experience, with comments like "this isn't a camp it's a school with real teachers" and "this experience wasn't about recreation it was about learning - only they made it fun!"
Free Q&A on business and success. Monday’s 5 PM Pacific. Call 1 (218) 862-7200 Access code: 299398 or SKYPE mkayrobinson between 5 & 5:30 PM to ask a question and listen to others. Get an answer on success.
Class 29: ... frozen, dried and cooked ... vegetables; jellies ...; edible oils and fats.
But here we go anyway:
Makes me wanna take a back road.
It was not until the Shine On box set saw release in 1992 that I actually gave Pink Floyd any space in my music collection. I had just begun writing music reviews in ‘zines and my college paper, not to mention spent a fair amount of time as DJ and later program director and my college radio station. I felt obligated to get to know this band. The packaging of Shine On— though pricey for an undergrad— was impressive, and I had a friend who worked at a Sound Warehouse who could buy it for me with his employee discount.
While although I find inspiration all around me, it is only when I smell the sweet, succulent, and tantalizing scent of barbecue drifting on a southern breeze that I know that spring is truly here.
I won't scan all the pages, unless I feel the need to show off all the ads or the rest of the players bios. Here is a typical page with the bio of 1964 off-season acquisition player Frank Howard who would become a key player to the Washington Senators ball club. There is also an advertisement for Ballantine Beer.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have go to throw some laurel on the fire to divine the prognosis for my final exams.
For extra chances to win: share this giveaway on Facebook or Twitter (1 entry each), subscribe to the blog via e-mail (1 entry) or follow me on Twitter (1 entry). Leave a comment on the blog for each extra chance to win. I’ll pick a winner on Fridays and announce it with the next week’s free book offering. There’s a mix of fiction and non-fiction, so check back on Fridays to see what I’m giving away.
~John Ford, The Broken Heart (1633)
Jaglom is the quintessential actor's director. He's the ultimate independent American film auteur. Extracting truths from his actors instead of imposing. His work has been compared to that of filmmaker John Cassavetes, Andy Warhol, and of the early French new wave. But Jaglom's work is much more significant. Cassavetes, Warhol and Godard never came close to achieving what Jaglom has done. He's created work that should be in the Smithsonian.
I love my dentist! Whenever I have a tooth problem, this guy fits me in his schedule right away. I suspect he even skips his lunch time to see patients who have emergencies. He cracks me up too. He used to be so uptight when I'd have my kids there at the office. If he heard the baby, out in the waiting room with my husband, cry, "He'd get this worried look on his face and nervously ask, "Should you get the baby? I think I hear him crying. Do you want to go see what's wrong?" Now that he has a daughter of his own, his attitude has changed to one of, "Your baby's crying? Really? I didn't notice any crying." Funny how that works, isn't it?
Mastermind behind the rock-n-roll band Boston, vegan
metaphors I could only say it
Side View
It was reported in “Meet a Propagandist: A Profile in Duplicity” that another prominent lobbying firm, Amsterdam and Peroff, a corporate member of the Chatham House think-tank, approached, amongst many other journalists, fellow Chatham House corporate member Thompson Reuters via Reuters journalist Andrew Marshall. Together they promptly began a 2 year propaganda campaign attempting to undermine the national institutions of Thailand on behalf of Wall Street proxy Thaksin Shinawatra. Amsterdam and Reuters Marshall’s efforts also involved Western-backed street protests organized and led by their client Shinawatra and provide us with a transparent, well documented case by which to compare the West’s similar operations now directed at Russia.
We'll look forward to your combinations of challenges... Have fun!
Reed is into Toy Story big time these days. He got Toy Story 1, 2 and 3 for Christmas and I don’t know that a day goes by that he doesn’t watch one of them. That’s not exactly true but he does love them. I broke down and got him his very own Buzz Lightyear “Actubater” (or and you and I know it, Action Figure). I’ve never seen such joy on the child’s face. Such a sweet boy.
His Dark Materials (Phillip Pullman)
9:00 – America’s Next Top Model (The CW): The final six models travel to Macau, where they get a reading from an astrologer and are challenged to re-create their auras through fashion. At the photo shoot, the ladies pose in silk gowns while silkworms crawl on their bodies. Designer Barney Cheng is a guest judge. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I was already a little mad about them getting readings for an astrologer for some reason, but silkworms? Ugh.
I know from Lev. 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may I still play football if I wear gloves?
The suggested ribbon routing instructions that came with this product probably would cause the printer top to not fully close.
After a slow 1st quarter, the CW and I have been graciously slammed with work. Two of these projects have required me to travel to the west coast to do a bunch of voice-over talent direction & recording. Because I had to be in 3 different places (San Jose, L.A., Las Vegas) I used that as an excuse to drive instead of fly. As much as I've driven around the country, going west from Austin was an excursion I had not had the opportunity to make.
I pray for companionship in old age. I pray for self-sufficiency. I pray for a gentle end. None of those things are in my control. But my own inner calm, my faith that drives out fear, these are qualities I can surely grow. There is no time to waste in developing the virtues we need. It’s easy to put it off, to run away from the reality of the traumas that put our faith to the test. ignoring the future is not worth the risk.
Yom Kippur, then, is a display of restorative justice. The thrust and focus is of highlighting and owning the transgression within the covenant relationship between the people and God. The contrition of the people leads to the forgiveness offered by a merciful God, displayed in his continued dwelling amongst the people, and his continued blessing.
given moment. If there was one most important point in relation to raising
The characters played by Paul Newman and Robert Redford in The Sting fool Robert Shaw’s villain by setting up a gambling den in plain view (of the gambling fraternity rather than plain view of the authorities of course). Their cards are on the table, so to speak, and therefore Shaw cannot see how he is being scammed, because, on the face of it, nothing is hidden.
“You fucking quack, I haven’t been taking those pills at all. I knew you were full of shit.”
I enjoyed the show so much that I want to go back and take my kids with me. Currently Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side of the Moon' is playing. I think I'll wait for Led Zepp to return. And I know I'll definitely enjoy the memories (.... cuddling with my beloved in the back row of a darkened planetarium and listening to that oh so throbbing drum beat .... ;)
Out of seven previous pregnancies, only one of our babies ever survived for this long in the womb. She lives and breathes, walks and talks, and is currently sleeping in the bedroom down the hall. I'm still amazed by that. It makes me feel very hopeful and excited about pregnancy number eight as the days and weeks pass. With the skin cancer and the pregnancy happening all at once, there have been more doctor's appointments and trips to the big city in the past two months than we usually have in a year. Rather than complaining, though, I'm thankful in a way for all of the activity. That, in addition to taking care of a sweet toddler every day, has kept my mind occupied and my worries mostly under control simply because there has been so much to do. The first trimester has practically flown by, which has never happened to me before.
First we had to prepare the Potatoes by cutting them so we could double (or more) the amount of seed that went into the ground.
Vice Admiral Martoglio identified the main purpose of EUCOM’s “forward presence” in relation to global U.S. strategy:
I have introduced myself to the Spanish Lupus community as what I really am so that they can see that, like many others, I have a lot of issues that I am trying to overcome.
Verizon’s prepaid phone, the LG Extravert, sports a sliding QWERTY keyboard for text-messaging enthusiasts.
1 package of bulgogi (Korean seasoned meat)
8. As well as World Book Day, there is World Book Night on April 23rd. This is ostensibly about bringing more people to reading. But is it really about that or is it about bringing more or even more of the same authors to the public?
So, healthy milkshake or naughty smoothie? Your call.
1 teaspoon garlic oil
DAVID #2: That sounds like… that… why is my vision swimming?
Finally the ladder was in the right place, and a creaking Mr. G. climbed up and told Athur to jump on his shoulder. Arthur found it very funny that his beloved feeder also wanted to sit in the tree. So he welcomed him by scratching his nose. The feeder unhappily scolded with him about this kind welcome, when Arthur suddenly turned around and jumbed on another branch. No way to catch him. I called Arthur and tried to calm down the now very unhappy Mr. G ! By now Arthur had reached the lower branches and like a flash jumped down on the grass just besides my legs. Then he sat by my feet and looked up.
That said, Bruce Nauman recently had an installation of sculptural fountains and drawings at Donald Young Gallery. Here is a write up of the show:
1/4 cup Vanilla Yogurt
And notice that the passage offers no leniency for extenuating circumstances. The girl, for example, may have been sexually molested and raped in her own household by brothers or her father (or both).
First Place: $300 + a reading & Q&A in a NYC Theater – Total value: $825
Jackson? Nah. He is iconic for folks growing up in the 80s, but statistically, he’s just not close to the mountain. His teams only won one conference title and no national titles. A better choice would be Tim Tebow.
■ Learn to do the splits, cartwheel and handstand (without the aid of a wall)
What's your opinion? Do you agree with Zorroy that Mike V. is extremely eloquent? Do you agree with me that he says some extremely crazy things?
For more information about free and easy e-book publishing and distribution through Booktango, visit www.booktango.com.
I cleaned up one of the many messes in my life today. I feel good. I know that it's the right thing. Sometimes these things get harder as time passes so it was good to nip it in the bud. I think things were moving too fast & it wasn't right & it was freaking me out a LOT. I need to trust my intuition more & not brush things aside because I think I'm overreacting.
More specifically, it is about the question whether one level of government in a federation has to accede to the demand of the other for information in its possession. (My title is not totally gratuitous.) This question was raised in the recent judgment of the Superior Court of Québec on the validity of a subpoena issued by a provincial commission of inquiry demanding that the RCMP hand over large amounts of information it collected while investigating organized crime in Québec’s construction industry. Coincidentally, it is also the topic of an interesting forthcoming article by Robert Mikos, of Vanderbilt University Law School.
Shin Dong-hyuk was born inside Camp 14. He escaped by climbing over the dead body of his fellow conspirator. He is permanently scarred from the torture and punishments he received as a child and the unspeakable things he was required to do. Not the least of which is what inspired this blog.
This dog is so polite.
Luckily, this is my last work day this week. Tomorrow I’m heading to the Muskokas far away from my hectic lifestyle. I’ve been blueprinting the getaway for days. I’m going to bask in the glow of the long holiday weekend, I might even pull a Tom Hanks in Cast Away and float a dingy out to the middle of the lake, a composed solo mission. Brilliant. Of course the only 4 lifelines I’ll require on my dingy adventure are Sir Pinot Grigio, Miss V’s chip, Mr. big a*s floppy hat and some quality reading material…Vogue.
Assad has lost a great deal of popularity with his own people, and the international community, and the uprising has gathered pace and probably won’t be stopped. Assad will be forced out eventually, whether it takes two years or ten years. He has gone beyond the point of no return. He will go no matter how long it takes or how many lives it costs. He will go sooner or later. But sooner is better than later here. The quicker the crisis is solved the better.
Teenage girl faces two years in jail... for killing her brother's hamster
During 1949-51 he played periodically, with Red Allen and Lee Wiley, at Bill Green's Rustic Lodge in New Jersey - some live recordings featuring Red and Bobby are available on cassette. In the early 50's he held a long engagement at the Copley Square Hotel in Boston, played frequently at Child's Paramount, toured in the midwest, and also began his 'Music for Lovers Only' recordings, produced by Jackie Gleason. Over the next decade six albums were cut and heavily publicized by Gleason; Gleason and Bobby were often seen together on television. Bobby was also appearing on Martha Wright's weekly ABC-TV program. Aside from 'Lovers': supermarket and department store shoppers, diners, elevator riders, doctors' office visitors, and even people put on hold, could and still do enjoy the mellow sound of Bobby Hackett's cornet.
a. The Declaration of Independence (DoI).
I am so happy that we decided to go with a U-shaped table for our dinner. It not only made it easy to chat and connect with all out guests, but it also helped make it feel like that cozy, Friday night family dinner we wanted. I also adore the modern and sleek white decor of the dining area combined with simple blue hydrangea arrangements.
I think I was sick for the first three months of the year.
-Started watching your puppy a lot. (He's getting used to you too and especially loves to be hidden under your crib when we do our nighttime routine in your room. He also comes to stand in your room with us almost every time you get your diaper changed.)
Billy had defended Kiko from all the dangers of the jungle, including a bunch of savage dogs willing to have Kiko for lunch.
Remember it was the UAF leader NOT the EDL leader who was arrested at the last protest under suspicion to incite violence.
Not to mention that the film is essentially perfect—script, acting, direction, camera all working together perfectly—I could tell this even from a pan&scan tape, but it was still a joy to have it confirmed by a gift from Toestubber of the Spanish letterboxed DVD.
0045 Report of a male lying unconscious in a female toilet in the Hallward Library. University Security attended the Student was woken up and found to be very drunk. The Student thought the toilets were his room in his Hall of Residence. Security escorted the Student out of the Library where he was able to make his way back to his Hall.
Abide with me; fast falls the eventide;
Recently I watched Roland Emmerich's 2012 starring John Cusack. The film is based on the ancient prophecies taken from the Mayan calendar that suggest the world will end on December 21, 2012. Starting in real time of when the movie was released (2009) and moving through 2010, the story culminates with the disaster as predicted--and that's all in the first half of the film. The balance of the film slows to a little more dramatic action, which is continually interspersed with additional scenes of visual effects. What you end up with is two and a half hours of mind-numbing, edge of your seat thrills.
Cesaria asked why we had come to Cape Verde, and where else we had visited in the country. As Peter relayed our answers, she listened graciously puffing on Marlboro Reds held between fingers heavy with gold rings.
The following pictures show the wall in the background during these Federal League festivities. There's a lot of significance to this site and I'd like for the city to get around to placing a commemoration of sort in honor of Washington Park, of which there currently is none. What history that is being held- on to you can credit NYC Parks & Rec, and staff at The Old Stone House. It's inexcusable the city isn't doing more.
and all my growing years
By far the best site for ‘Woolf-hole-craig’ is Wolf Craigs (or Wolf Crag on one OS map), which lies at the southern tip of West Cairnhill by the Baddinsgill Burn.
I don't mind the cooler weather we have in Houston; however lately, we've not had a lot of cold weather; in fact, our weather has teased us with more spring like temperatures. And of course the craft stores are full of spring flowers, ribbons and such anyway........I told someone the other day, if you want Easter things (like faux rye grass for decorating with plastic eggs.....you know in my business I have to think longer lasting displays for home parties!) Anyway, I told someone that if you want to buy Easter things you better get them, because by the time March and Easter are actually here, they are going to have red, white and blue for the 4th of July already on the shelves and the Easter things will be sold out or picked over!
out of the state,’’ Aduba
Green Line
because the brain
Dropping Houses
While at the Eagle, Whitman supported free trade and higher wages for dock workers, was critical of the “Nativist” movement (which was hostile to immigrants) and was in favor of prison reform. One of his editorials was headlined: “Are We Never To Have Any Public Parks In Brooklyn?” His crusade resulted in the creation of Fort Greene Park and the reburial there of the Prison Ship Martyrs, who died aboard the British prison ships in New York Harbor during the Revolution.
Christmas rolls around for another year and as always the kids make out pretty good.
If an urban renaissace can happen in the once violent stupid decaying shit hole that was New York City, it’s not impossible to think something similar could happen in the currently violent stupid decaying shit hole that is Detroit.
1. Cut Patterned paper 5 1/4 x 4 3/4 inches and punch the upper right corner with your favorite decorative corner punch.
Spellbinders Grand Labels 4, ODBD Custom Die Elegant Ovals, paper flowers, Prima Burlap leaves, Toffee colored seam binding, Glimmer Mist in Pearl, lots of lace from my stash, Prima rhinestone flourish, handmade charm, Cheery Lynn Designs Exotic Butterflies Small, Tim Holtz ticket pins
I used to try to accept the fact that I didn't have the time to make art, but I failed in that effort, because I was miserable. I came to realize that I would have to make that time by deciding not to spend it on other things, like watching TV, or going out for drinks. If I have to cook, I'm probably not going to make something that takes three hours to prepare, and I made a deal with the dust bunnies that if they don't look at me, I won't look at them. If I have to work a full time job, then shouldn't part of the reward for that be that I get to spend my off-time doing something I love?
it is a time that slips into another; so let it go –
Mother: “Yes, nice doggy. But you can’t pet the doggy, because he’s doing an important job.”
The man responsible looked up, eyes narrowed. Bitterly, he said, "Go on, ask. You want to know if that's why I did it."
This happened in the middle of the boundary between the Australian and Capricorn component plates of the Indo-Australian plate. The Indian-Australian plate is twisting apart into three pieces about rotation poles contained within very broad boundary zones. The relative motion is slight and very slow, allowing large stress build ups without the possibility of localisation into a narrow zone where familiar plate boundary processes might lead to periods of aseismic slip between smaller events.
And all the pain I put you through
And this video, of an excerpt from Endgame vol 2. read by Jensen, is a beautiful piece about the interconnectedness of all life.
With all the work inside... I haven't been able to get my work outside done. The flowerbeds need cleaning. The weather has been wonderfully warm! I did sneak out to the greenhouse yesterday to start some seeds. I haven't been able to craft much this week... but will be doing that the rest of the day today and tomorrow. Saturday night is the update for Early Work Mercantile!
I thought I could cure diabetes by spreading suntan lotion on sticks of chewing gum. Sea & Ski on Juicy Fruit, Coppertone on Big Red. I had the raw ingredients and a test subject, all under the same roof.
(Not due to see another human -unless I go to a shop- for 11 days.)
Bekki said: I'm impressed so far just looking at this one. Plus, there are 101 veggie burgers, PLUS condiments, some sides, breads, and desserts, which excited me....it's like 20 or 30 bonus recipes!
I'm writing this because I feel unsettled. Everything changes to some degree when you have children, a family, people in your life whom you care for deeply. There were years in my early twenties when the thought of being a killer's next victim would have been a welcome relief - an end to the useless existence I was living. I'm sure people cared for me just as much as they do now, but I didn't care at all.
It is always good to continually enrich and develop yourself whether it be by reading, webinars, tweets, blogs, conferences, etc.… Recently I have participated in several webinars on blogging. I started to wonder from these webinars what is the best approach, did I do it correct, could I do it better? It was good to realize many of my tactics were correct, my content was relevant and the information I was sharing in my blogs was giving my readers my expert perspective and approach to that subject matter. I did get from the webinars several pieces of knowledge that I didn’t have before.
Then comes "Quizer" 6143..on MME "dilly dally" pad...
A final note: though this doesn't seem to have been officially announced, Whois records indicate that Lulu has also taken ownership of several other domains associated with the ILP: www.Poets.com (the ILP's social networking website, which remains unchanged); www.Picture.com, a.k.a. the International Library of Photography (the ILP's vanity photography counterpart, whose website is still active but which is currently closed to contest entries and claims to be "revamping the contest in an attempt to improve the entire system"); and www.ArtsandKids.com (the ILP's vanity arts contest for kids, which targets educators and is still soliciting entries).
Will post random sneak peeks till it's finished!
If you know anything of my reading habits, you know that good writing is paramount. If a book is badly written -- no matter how interesting the topic -- I usually can't finish it. This book was well written. The author, Linda Berdoll, apparently is a huge (there's that image again) fan of Jane Austen and actually did some research for this book both into the language and the historical times. I thought it was interesting to have the familiar characters placed in a historical context -- the end of the reign of mad King George, the Napoleonic Wars -- for surely intelligent characters like Darcy and Elizabeth would have had some interest in the world around them (once they got out of bed, off of the floor, back from the lovely sun-dappled copse on the Pemberly grounds …)
Wow. That black keyhole-backed dress is fantastic. Tight, short, great opaques, nice boots, very attractive beige bra hanging out the back - HOLY CRAP WOMAN, DID NO-ONE TELL YOU THAT'S UNDERWEAR?
Click on the “+” on the top right corner of the screen to create another Note or Task. I title them using the surname of the person associated with them and then sort by name. Example: Logie, Rosa Clara ……
Wednesday went to a meeting at area office - wouldn't you know it , it was snowing again !!!!! Useful day - met people friom other shops to put faces to names , learnt some very useful info about how the business is run (? ran - not sure).
For all flesh is as grass and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass withereth and theflower thereof falleth away. But the word of the Lord endureth forever and this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.
What can he say? He just finds hoovers really, really sexy. Particularly that tarty Dyson, with all its sexy roaring and saucy sucking pipes.
Now, I'm fortunate in that I'm a film editor, so making book trailers is easy and fun for me. But it's also easy and fun for everyone. How to make one? Well, if you can't take my workshop Book Trailers Sell, April 28th in Meridian, Idaho, you can Google book trailers and there's a wealth of info out there. Most computers now possess a video editing program. Take a look at mine and you can see how easy they can be to do. It's all in the writing. Write a great script for a book trailer, have a great trailer.
Leafless trees opening their arms to the skies above under the lucid moonbeams on a full moon night or silhouetted against the setting sun.There is something about these beautiful images that hold me captive and I always ask
I'm so weak...
Regionally, townhouses retain a larger share in markets in the Northeast. At the beginning of 2008, townhouses were 21% of single-family starts. As of the end of 2011, that share had increased to 27%. A slight increase in concentration has also been seen in the Midwest, where the market share over the same period increased from 11% of single-family starts to 15%.
When I first read this quotation:
Remember – in the Middle Ages, if you didn’t believe in the official Catholic doctrine, then you and your entire family would be killed – or tortured until you confessed.
In my entry entitled “Local government units don’t contribute to RP development”, I allude to a lot of ideas which not all readers may know. (The title generates some expectations so those familiar need not read through.) And throughout the post, I refer to some works which contributed to the entry, as well as to a post I wrote on a similar topic.
Maximum Attendees: 12
1 oz. Cascade (6% AA, 45 min.) Flowers
But that incident is beside the point. The problem is that these visits in general have not been good for HB.
Except, perhaps, the legend of an ocean.
The second wife of Raymond Mould, who won the Grand National a decade ago with Bindaree. Formerly Caroline Wilson, she worked for Mould before marring him in 2004, nearly four years after the death from cancer of his first wife Jenny at the age of 54 in November, 2000. Caroline Mould also owners the outstanding Nicky Henderson-trained novice chaser Sprinter Sacre, winner of this year’s Grade One Racing Post Arkle Chase at the Cheltenham Festival. Raymond Mould, born on December 8, 1940, is a revered figure in the property world. He is currently non-executive chairman and co-founder of London & Stamford Property, which at one time owned a stake in Aintree’s retail park and has a share in Sheffield’s Meadowhall shopping centre. He qualified as a solicitor in 1964 and in
Unit 110 gathers intelligence while Unit of Madinah is in charge of military operations. Both are stationed in the city of Shiraz in Fars Province, under the command of Gholam Hossein Gheib Parvar, according to sources.
I won't lie, I disliked Liana's parents immensely (the worst kind of greedy, racist missionary scum), so to hear Liana declare that she intends on avenging their deaths was a tad disheartening. Mostly because I like Liana (the bottoms of her feet are always dirty and she wears three fox tails as a top), and I hate to see someone so full of life squander their vengeance on such a shitty cause.
Onion powder to taste
bOTH WAYS U HAVE A WINNER AT HANDS...DELICIOUS AND DELIGHTFUL.........LOVE THE CRUNCH AND BITE ALL THAT CRUSHED PEPPER PROVIDES...AWESOME FLAVOUR TOO!!!!
Then, at the end of it all, after our heroes had pulled out their somewhat unlikely deus ex machina solution to the alien menace, how implausible that the politicians' first order of business was to decide who to blame it on in order to avoid suffering electorally for having literally rounded up ten percent of the nation's children to be sacrificed to Moloch. How unlike Blair and Bush and their disgusting, lying toadies! I don't where people come up with such strange, unwholesome ideas! By waking up and looking around them, I guess.
OK the fight with the stuffed cat looks a bit lame but the movie scared the pants off me when I first saw it on late night TV in the 1960s. It’s still one of my favourite horror films to this day. (Curse of the Demon was the US release title)
Apr 29, 2012
I want toilet paper commercials to be as graphic as dental product commercials.
Once she’s free from school for the year, Deuce pursues a chance to serve in the summer patrols–those responsible for making sure the growers and planters can work the fields without danger of Freak attack. It should have been routine, little fighting, but things have been changing on surface, just as they did below ground. The Freaks are smarter. They’re watching. Waiting. Planning. The monsters don’t intend to let Salvation survive, and it will take a girl like Deuce to turn the tide.
The main character was told that the poem was called “The Golden Journey to Samarkand”* and I immediately decided I wanted to know who wrote it and what else he’d done—even before I found out who had kidnapped the missing girl.
Ghee- 1 tbsp
The results show that there are now 5 tumors. The one from the last scan has not grown much but the other four have. The doctor mentions something about the fact that a few of the new ones are on the outer layer of the brain, which is unusual. He suggests that after we zap these with the gamma knife (to be scheduled for the next week) that we have a lumbar puncture test to check for cancer cells in the spinal fluid. No big deal, no rush. If they find it they can treat it with chemo injections into the brain. Oh, that’s all. We leave and start to think about the gamma knife.
It’s the love for honor that keeps a wounded soldier alive.
Using your safety pin again, thread the 1/8" elastic through the casing of each leg opening, sewing the elastic at each end of the casing (make sure to sew over the elastic a few times, for durability).
We reached the first bommie at about 8.30am, probably an hour or two later than we should have but expectations were still high. Ben Collins – editor of Bush ‘n Beach magazine belted out his first cast with a surface popper and before I could adjust the settings on the 600D – BAM! The skipper was backing the boat up off the reef and Collins was breaking his back to ensure Mr. GT didn’t head back to his reef home. A few minutes later the beautiful specimen breached the surface and we all stood there in awe – they are so tough yet so lovable at the same time. Hurry up, I wanna step up to the plate!
I really love the picture with the big sisters expressions and the attention given to the little brother... I can feel the love & happiness in it...
EXPLAIN TO ME how Jacob will be entering third grade next school year and every single available test has not been performed on him to help identify his disability. If this test is a reevaluation like it says, WHY did none of these problems show up and/or get addressed in the first evaluation, when his former teachers and I all noticed and took in-school action because of his below grade level performances?! I am more DISGUSTED and ANGERED that my son is so far behind, that I have voiced this for THREE YEARS and still further evaluation is needed. We can keep the same routine of pulling him out of class for reading and speech help, but unless we IDENTIFY THE PROBLEM, this extra help will be no good.
I am falling so far behind. How do people with kids do this?? I have photos I still need to sort through and edit all the way from March 23rd!
For the “middle class” as Robert Reich defines it (the middle three quintiles), real incomes in the last 30 years have declined. What is functionally left of the middle class (people who still feel reasonably unaffected by economic decline) are somewhere in the top 10%, and as we noted earlier, mainly in the top 5%.
Just a little bit.
‘Twill but drive me to Thy breast;
The answer to ‘why cycle?’ is simple. As a recreational activity, cycling means friends, fun and frolic. As a sport, it offers a test of speed and endurance and finally as an adventure sport the exploration avenues it provides makes it most satisfying and fulfilling.
On Friday my easter present finally arrived, PW's latest cookbook and I'm going to go so far as to say that it's better than her first. Yes. You heard it here first. This book is jam packed full of more recipes. Even retro daddy picked it up and was impressed. This is someone who does not pick up my cookbooks for a flick through. First cab off the rank had to be Barbeque Chicken and Pineapple Quesadillas.﻿ Easy, fun and a great way to test out the kitchen. Her recipe is here.
.....he has true compassion for others
Him: You’ll burn the house down. Remember last time?
Sticking to a schedule
DO NOT BE CONFORMED TO THIS WORLD BUT BE TRANSFORMED BY THE RENEWING OF YOUR MIND
