“And food.” Another voice; maybe a young boy.
But this hasn’t quietened down the ambition of the production team. This series has had a feel of the inevitable about it – a kind of running dread that has wound its way around the storylines. But – no stories that have tried to freak viewers out with “scary” CGI monsters… Not that spring to mind, anyway.
Gillian McMurry I have tried every medium and format that I want to - so far. Over time new ones come to the fore and I try the ones I want. I never deny myself the desire to try new arts and crafts. Due to circumstances I have been denied or, in some cases, denied myself a variety of things but my art is one place I will not compromise. It does not hurt anyone (except for myself when I am let loose with a heat gun - I accidentally burned myself again this week) nor interfere with anyone else. It's all mine!
So, in order to annoy a liberal like Wolf and her ilk, if you like the song, I would suggest you go and buy a copy and then send her a “thank you for the recommendation” message…her contact information is here. Remember to be polite and just thank her for bringing this great music video to your attention. The more polite and nice you are, the more it will drive her nuts.
Sales of the 1Kg bottle in West Bengal increased by 28% and an increase of 10.4% in the controlled market Bihar.
to guide you on making your pages. Kathi was also
They are renovating the stairwell in our apartment, and it is absolute chaos. They have to chip the old plaster off the walls (it's plaster right on brick) and then sand it and replaster. The amount of dust and mess this is creating is ASTOUNDING. AND, when they are working, they set up a scaffold on the stairs that you can barely squeeze by, and even then, you are rubbing up against it (and thus all the plaster and wet dust and so on.) It's awful, it's noisy and it's messy as all get out. And, to top it off, the guys doing the work? SO NOT FRIENDLY.
Zakar was used to refer to high priests of the surrounding idolatrous religions.
1. Strong urge to re-read the Harry Potter series. And maybe Percy Jackson after that. And then Maximum Ride. And then Unwind, and Maze Runner, and — OMFG, someone please forcibly remove me from the Young Adult section.
“Pet Trilobite”: A sorrowful young lady dressed in a rippled white-laced sheer gown soulfully embraces the long extinct trilobite of pre-triassic existence. In mourning for a time when the world was pure and free of today’s societal evils.
Again, I don't even know where to start. So I will have to resort to just touching on some major important moments. And I hope I remember them all.
Oh… and the ellipsis lives!
Slightly more emboldened with the wine coursing through her, she slid into the bed alongside him. Her cheek rested against his bare chest as his arm curved around to rest on her waist. She sighed and whispered, “I could probably get used to this.”
if you must go live of the land, can you make fire? don't laugh, when the zippo shits the bed, a flint and steel will work, but do YOU have one? how many of you could make fire given a 9 volt battery and steel wool? how many of you know you can do that? do you have a single burner propane stove and propane to go with it? they are very handy but bulky, 3 bottles would take up a significant amount of space in your pack. i just found a wood-gas camp stove that costs less than a hundred bucks (tax not included). they use sticks, leaves and pine needles, which unless i'm atop everest or in the gobi are not in short supply. next we need something to heat our water or cook our vittles in, as plastic and fire don't mix. go light, buy a g.i. canteen with it's aluminum cup and holder. better yet buy 3, as the canteens only hold a quart of water each, which is less than the gallon of water you need a day.
Any thoughts?
But on the other hand, I never have a problem coming up with some little pearl of wisdom I’ve figured out about life for my kids, or a well-thought out solution to a problem my husband presents to me, or even something to write about in my blog. My symptom has now become a full-fledged characteristic, but this little lesson has shown me not to think I’m the one accomplishing God’s work. He’s just using my weaknesses as He tends to do with all of His servants…
Step 2 -Building the dough-
Taken At Dusk (Shadow Falls #3)
35. Seen an Amish community
* You can adjust the spice flavors as per your spice tolerance.
“Love”, said the father to his daughter.
I invite you to think about that because we are about to give FCR billions of dollars from our pockets to create the Atlantic Yards enterprise. One wonders why those with trillions of dollars could not simply lend Bruce the dough instead of weaseling it out of the public in the form of property taxes, income taxes, and sales tax subsidies?
She feared what was happening to her husband, while this reeking man and his cart trapped her here. From the corner of her eye, she saw a movement in the shadows and a thin face with filthy hair peered at her. In a moment, the child would be offering to hold her horse or fetch a flagon of ale from a tavern.
Speakers: - Christopher Thubron, Partner – Moore Stephens
Hubby didn’t get to the hospital till 9pm that night but was thrilled to see his new little man. We laughed and cried and hugged and cooed. Even though he was classed as premature he didn’t look prem at all and has been a growing bundle ever since!
Verbatim Of Sanjeev Kapoor's Mushroom Dum Biryani (Check the notes given below to read the changes I made)
19-21 Rue de Boyer, 75020
Death – Freakin’ Out
In a giveaway sweeter than a Lawrence’s Bakery chocolate-rum doberge cake, Broussard’s former consigliere, excuse me, chief administrative officer, Tim Whitmer, e-mailed, on March 25, 2009, Antoinette Scott instructing her to include in the capital budget $340,000 for road and drainage improvements for the site occupied by Mr. Bubbles Carwash.
As I was grateful for the wine drinking and dinner eating that followed.
He made a final adjustment and sat up, stretching his back, as somewhere far away a sad young girl remembered how to smile. The clocks around him burst into life, cuckoos calling the hour across a dozen melodies that clashed yet harmonised, and Grandfather Time reached for the next broken heart that needed repair.
My blog traffic is slowly declining (not that I had many readers to begin with) as my absence here persists. I blame this yet again on the stress I’ve been having over uni work and assignments the past few weeks. Despite of that, I’m going to try my best to continue my pursuit as the provider of useless material for bored people to pass time with (as a last resort?).
It seems that now, as I finish my MBA and move on to law school, the reality that two years has passed since I left the Netherlands hits hard. I don’t want the lessons I learned there, the feelings I got, and the knowledge and wisdom I found to ever leave me. Knowing where you’re from is a feeling like no other, and I am determined to one day experience my maternal sides’ ancestry as well. For me, as I’m sure it would be for most people, experiencing my family’s ancestral roots, and having it affect me in a way I never realized it would, has stuck with me. It has made me have a sense of self, and knowing my foundation has allowed me to build upon it, and figure out where I want to go in my life. And for that experience, I will be forever grateful.
Yes, if you want to talk about democracy I can also talk. And I will have more to say. And to argue that what the majority wants count and that the minority view does not matter is not democracy at all. Minorities too have rights and their views also matter. Did not Saddam become Iraq’s leader with almost 100% of the votes? So he murdered the minority Kurds. So what? Is that reason to remove him when the minority view does not matter and only what the majority wants count?
Thorn rolled her neck and stretched her shoulders, letting the muscles relax. “I
10. My children are the most easy-going, flexible people I've ever met. I'm so blessed.
My back twinges when I do physical activity and twinges when I don’t. I’m terrified my spine is going to do a 911 – only without the unwanted intervention of a couple of passenger jets.
My total was $17.32 and I had $8 remaining in RR’s.
Distinguishing Features: MEGA BRAINY
Firemen – Three males were firemen attached to the cane field. One was fulltime () and two were parttime and also worked in the cane field.
In schools with few Hispanics, children attend only ESL classes.
You know so many people talk to me about this subject and I’m amazed at the responses. NO WONDER there is NO power in today’s churches. OUR CHURCHES TODAY ARE FILLED WITH APATHETIC, COMPLACENT, DOUBTFUL, LUKEWARM, FAITHLESS individuals that label themselves “Christians.” Folks, I got news for you … It’s a shame if you think you’re a Christian because you click the button in that little section on your How many of you out there can in front of God say you have shared your faith with 1 complete stranger in the past 30 days. HOW MANY?? You sing praise to God on Sunday but on Monday your no where to be found!! People, that is called HYPOCRISY…. It sure is easy to stand in front of others and talk a good game of “Christianity”, but you know what – God requires truth from the inward parts. He knows your secret sins, the ones you think are buried so far down that maybe someday because you “do good” for others that God will just look past them…. DON’T LET THE DEVIL CONVINCE YOU OF THAT LIE… God is willing to remember them NO MORE but you MUST come to Him in repentance, then confess and FORSAKE your sin and put your trust in Him and Him alone.
Good grassy smell. Not sweet this time, this one seems to lean more toward the hoppy side.
When I was just out of high school and I started to feel that pressure build up like a storm a coming, that feeling that something needed to change but I felt powerless to make any definitive life movements, I'd put another hole in my ears. I ended up with five in one and four in the other. There was something so satisfying about the chunk-stab of it- like putting a needle through a dried apricot. Or I'd make a dress, or I'd shave my head. Year before last I went through a pie thing where I baked and ate pie every day for about a week and a half. That was great. I love pie.
A further sample of my husband's craft, this tea caddy was made for his mother's sixtieth birthday, more than twenty years ago. He was very pleased to be able to shade the marquetry using hot sand heated in a metal tray to singe the individual pieces.
down from the cloudless sky.
2. Puree the tomatoes and keep aside.
Family: grandfather is "Kingman Brewster", former President of Yale University. Her mother is Maria João, the former "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model from Brazil. Father is an investment banker. She has a younger sister named Isabella. Her grandfathers were ambassadors to Great Britain.
-- Keris Stainton
“Frankie Goes To Hollywood”
After the meeting I stopped at a hobby store to pick up a gift for my father (diecast Mark II Cortina GT like he used to have). I have known the stores owner since he opened and we have had many conversations about cars and I have bought a good number of birthday presents and gifts even some stuff for me at his store over the years.
- Kang Ped (Red Curry Sautee’d with Coconut, Bamboo Shoot, Carrot, Sweet Pepper, &
Also planning to visit Las Cruces, New Mexico while we're down there. McArmy's all excited to show it to us.
This is the idea that first popped into my head for the black and pastels challenge at CASual Fridays and it's a design that's most likely been done loads of times before but the striking contrast between the pastel butterflies and black card is pleasing to my eye and it also meant I could use some of the gems I have hoarded but hardly use!!! .... the butterfly dies are from dienamics and a mixture of two different sets.
In the event that you go to the urgent care or to your local primary care provider with chest pain, it might very well be recommended that you be urgently rushed to the hospital for evaluation of the pain because of the serious life threatening conditions that can cause chest pain related symptoms and the more advanced testing options available at the hospital. In the event that you should need surgery or cardiac catheterization to treat the pain related to heart attack or heart muscle injury you will have rapid access to these treatments at the hospital.
938 ***D-IV/10/1986. “Article V of the Constitution of 1797.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 179-95, 324-25 (1989).)
Have a happy weekend my friends...
:whimper:
That sounds good! So I did the most natural thing in the world and downloaded Law School for Dummies off the internet.
Interesting, very interesting.
and the voices seem louder,
I am a busy lady. I work as a housecleaner Monday-Friday and have a very "flexible" (read: unstable) ending time each day. Some days I am home by 2pm, other days, I'm not home until after 6pm. It's hard on me and I cannot imagine how hard it is on the family to never know when to expect me home.
"With ISI support, Haqqani operatives planned and conducted the truck bomb attack, as well as the assault on our embassy," Mullen said of the recent attack on a base in Wardak that wounded 77 U.S. soldiers. "We also have credible intelligence that they were behind the June 28 attack against the Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul and a host of other smaller but effective operations."
I don't care what the magazines say. The #1 way to age yourself is to wear lipstick. Matte, Shiny, it just doesn't matter. Lipstick is the worst. I can rail against lipstick forever. And even though it's supposed to accentuate the your pouty, feminine lips, I actually think lipstick can have a trying-too-hard or tranny-ish effect (ie. Christina Aguilera, Amy Winehouse, both lovely ladies...undone by lipstick!).
Sixth, sorry to Mark Martin who was hoping this would be the year..we all love you but Daytona is seriously your nemesis!
So other than all that, not much else to say! I will try to keep updated more often, just depends what I've been doing.:O OOH also, hoping to learn Japanese and Mandarin soon.x__x Going to be haaard. Especially the Mandarin. I know bits and pieces of Japanese already and don't struggle with it too badly, but Mandarin melts my brain.D;
The Over De Flames burger, which could be the whopper to end all whoppers, contains more than 13,000 calories - almost the amount an average man should consume in a week.
Anyway, concerned that Corbet had disappeared completely from the province and left the organization and it's community abandoned, I contacted the Deputy Mayor and other grass roots organizers to introduce myself and to attempt to get some inside information on what really went down between Corbet and the City.
When Season Four of True Blood ended last September, my friend Claudia brought me her Sookie Stackhouse box set, so I could finally join the rest of the world in reading the books that inspired the HBO series. I started reading the first book on Halloween, appropriately, & just finished the 7th book, All Together Dead, yesterday. A few thoughts:
Look at that thing. That’s a mighty skinny umbilical from Earth to the station.
I didn't add an inside sentiment because I thought this could be a good wedding or Valentine's Day card but, I did make the inside match the front, with the border punch. Although rarely done, not one Cricut cut used on this one!!!
Do you still live in that town?
So did you give up anything for Lent and, if so, how’s it going?
Yet, I think of it as scary. One of the scariest things in the world… next to those YouTube videos where you’re staring at the screen and a woman with knives sticking out of her decomposing face pops out at you with a piercing scream!
ISO – 200
“Day is dawning in the east,
There are other versions on the right hand side of the screen. I love Chex Mix and especially when they are warm and fresh!
Milbank’s issue at hand is that Paul Ryan had the audacity to deliver a draft budget instead of taking the do-nothing approach meekly favored by the Harry Reid-controlled Senate (no budget in three years, but they did reject the President’s 2012 budget 97 to zero) or the fairy tale/mentally ill 2013 budget delivered by the President (non-endorsed 414 to zero in the House).
She was sick.
Then after lunch, we opened another trench and at first found nothing, then we dug down further and found the entranceway into a special enclosure near the main hillfort entranceway. Again, we thought we’d put the trench in the wrong place. But we hadn’t. Phew! Tomorrow I have high hopes for that trench.
Bolaño, whom I am only just discovering, is from the same place and the same tradition as Jorge Luis Borges. We are in the same territory, in other words, as The Universal History of Infamy and Borges’ other brilliant fictions, which exist in a half-world between truth and inventiveness. Nazi Literature in the Americas, first published in Spanish in 1996, owes a considerable debt to Borges. Bolaño has the same imaginative and creative facility, if not the same economy of genius.
easy to do, since it was a sports model.
I went to a session today that had a really good paper about doublets in Othello. (In the rhetorical sense, I mean, not in the sense of what fashionable Renaissance dudes like Mike Cassio are wearing.) I hope I can remember some of the examples when I teach Othello in the fall, because the whole paper was an incredibly sharp demonstration of why close reading matters, and how words shape character and vice versa. (I always feel like I'm swimming against the stream when I try to teach close attention to language; most of my colleagues apparently don't, and the students sure as heck are not getting it in high school like I did. I've been having students memorize and recite passages in the Shakespeare class these last few semesters, which seems to help a bit. At least that way they have to look at every word.)
The older you get, the more "history" you've experienced. Unfortunately, the older you get the more time you've had to fill your head with fake movie history, as well. It's hard to separate the true from the faux.
In a suit filed against the league and Mr. Bullock in San Francisco Superior Court, groups that contend they were spied on seek damages of $2,500 each for themselves and approximately 1,100 individuals who the suit says were targets of the illegal information gathering. Plaintiffs include Yigal Arens, the son of former Defense Minister Moshe Arens of Israel, and Helen McCloskey, wife of former Representative Pete McCloskey, Republican of California. Mr. McCloskey is the plaintiffs' lawyer.
Anyway, all went well, checked for leeches a few times (hundred?) and none (phew...). No other wriggly things were lurking around and I actually finished the whole garden - mulched. I was absolutely drenched with sweat and hurting in places I didn't know I had muscles - shoveling, wheelbarrowing and spreading wet mulch is heavy work. After stopping for a rest, I decided to do a bit of weeding in the vegie garden and happily spent the rest of the afternoon potting around. Away from the mulch and the rocks, I had completely forgotton about checking for leeches...
“Mimi, what’s wrong?” he asked her, worry mixed with love swirling around in his dreamy brown eyes.
But before I go I want to leave a link to something I found on
In Dearborn Mich., a Detroit suburb known for its concentration of Muslim Americans, anti-Islam leaders from around the country are gathering to discuss how to rescue women from that faith. The "Jessica Mokdad Human Rights Conference on Honor Killings" on Sunday is named for a local Muslim woman murdered one year ago.
Who can blame me for being a bit nostalgic, then? When I think back on carefree months of playing softball and mainlining soda, working a few shifts at a cash register every week, and that glorious feeling of sitting around and doing absolutely nothing... it makes me envious of my former self.
We anticipated that I'd be going home late Sunday but the doctor came by Sunday afternoon and said he was keeping me there until Monday or until my pain was better under control. I had no argument for him and was content to remain where I was. Mainlining morphine when it's needed was key and I didn't want to lose access to that supply.
Illustrated by Yvonne Gilbert
2 medium onions, finely chopped
“And he became very hungry, and would have eaten; but while they made ready, he fell into a trance.”
and, of course, in that private garden,
re-arranged and added weight on my shoulder pads, Bad religion
There's always a danger with something like this that you become navel gazing or self-congratulatory, that you might sit round in a big mutual circle jerk and say, 'Look at all us beer bloggers. Aren't we marvellous? Aren't we important?'
At the present time, a single company – Monsanto – produces roughly 95% of all soybeans and 80% of all corn in the US. Considering this, the corn flakes you had for breakfast, soda you drank at lunch and beefstew you ate for dinner likely were produced from crops grown with Monsanto’s patented genes. There are numerous documents and films exposing Monsanto’s strong-arming of the agricultural industry, so I won’t expand on that issue. It is however important to note that a virtual monopoly currently exists in the food industry and there’s a unhealthy link between Monsanto and the American government: Many people who have passed laws in the fields of food, drugs and agriculture were also, at some point on the payroll of Monsanto. In other words, the elite decides which foods are sold to you.
The only species that is endangered is the human species as environmental organizations continue to deny access and use of American land needed for growing crops, raising livestock, mining and drilling for energy resources, and building any new improvements including hospitals and other properties that would contribute to the welfare of the human inhabitants of planet Earth.
There is nothing quite so eye-opening as looking at a bomb shelter adjacent to a children’s’ playground. Every child in Sderot is trained to race to a shelter within 15 seconds, which of course means Sderot is an architectural mixture of houses dotted amongst bomb shelters.
ENTER NOW!
“Parents need and deserve to know the risks associated with vaccinations made from lines derived from the bodies of aborted children.”
They take them to the countryside, where of course all the statistics show that they are far more likely to be run over in a rural road traffic accident than they ever were to be a victim of knife crime in south London.The same risk-petrified mindset which encourages paedohysteria like this, in fact.
The three were friends until they fell out over comments made in the blog 18 months ago.
Electricity from solar panels and wind turbines has revolutionized life in rural Palestinian herding communities: Machines, instead of hands, churn goat milk into butter, refrigerators store food that used to spoil and children no longer have to hurry to get their homework done before dark.
I’d never been to the mid-west before, so that was exciting, and obviously, I was excited to see Chris. We did lots for those few days—we saw a musical, we explored the Twin Cities, I got to see the St. Olaf Choir perform (CHOIR-GASM!), and we went to the Mall of America. The Mall of America is INCREDIBLY overwhelming. I didn’t even know where to start, nor did I have much money to be spending on clothes, but I knew I wanted to ride the indoor roller coaster.
Why am I SO HARD on her sometimes? I mean...especially yesterday, I was really tough on her about a lot of things (the doodling with my favorite pen, how she unloads the dishwasher wrong, how sloppy she is, what an awful job she does of cleaning her room, etc.)
His misalignments are old and set. Impossible to say how they came to be. He did nothing but lounge in the pasture for most of his life. My brother used Spooks for ranch work for a couple of years when he was 4 and 5, but that's about it. After that he got rode only a handful of times, until I brought him out here. But anyway...
Please pass this on to your family, friends, neighbors, co-workers, and anyone else who needs to know the truth.
Scary stuff, and we don't go there.
Kill me now.
Then this week I focused my attention on the second wall and decided I'd build a very basic console table and hang my other two prints above it.
Have a Herb Garden Plan
The emaciated ginger tom was found in woods about 30km (19 miles) from the city.
Most provisions in the Act will come into effect on 15 April 2013 but exemptions for researchers and regulatory use took immediate effect from 15 April 2012.
So it was a stalemate of sorts
“Where do you get all these stuffs?” I asked him still confused.
Assiduous Deportation of Muslim Criminals
Brutal exercise, hard work and strict education - topped off with a bit of musical theatre: The days Borstals knocked yobs into shape
Boy, was I glad to be home that night! As the rain/sleet/snow continued to fall, Dexter and Patrick and I had a nice, comforting dinner of leftover curried chickpea stew with rice, made some popcorn, and sat down together in front of the teevee to watch some episodes of King of the Hill (which Dexter recently discovered & likes; we have to be a little bit careful, though, about which episodes he watches!).
Lunch: Lean cuisine pizza pocket + 12 carrots (1 starch, 1 protein, 2 veggies)
in this week, i’ve had my carpark lot snatched away from me even though i was there first, and i stared at that driver in utter disbelief, jaw agape and all. but no, he drove into the lot, not even batting an eyelid, not even staring at me, but in all selfishness. it was like he was so proud to claim it. to have had the driving prowess to zoom right into it.
When considering the difference in proportional representation, some of the most under-represented areas are Northern Ireland, London and the South East. Other stations are receiving far more money per person in the region, such as Scotland and the North West.
The Spread Eagle was a large multi-roomed street-corner pub, one of many in an old residential area of the town. Two flights of steps led from the street up to the main entrance where the lounge led off to the left and the vault to the right. The pub always served a good selection of Tetley real ales, Mild and Bitter.
“S-s-sure. Zom-z-zombies?”
Wodehouse formed in my young mind an image of England which persisted long after I knew better. His England (and, for that matter, his France and America) were untouched by and unaware of either World War, or the changing of class structures and relations.
mermaid
Week 16-vs Atlanta Falcons-8:30pm-December 22, 2012*
The good news is that multiculturalism, like sustainability and other nice-sounding memeplexes intended to deceive us into embracing our own destruction, are actually good ideas that have been perverted or poisoned to become toxic, but don’t necessarily have to be so. I for one love the idea of living in a multicultural and sustainable world, but my vision doesn’t include FEMA camps and forced depopulation policies. This is where the war of the words goes body to body in the arena of reality.
One of the many new 'Delft' tiles (actually paintings on panel and not ceramic!) I have created for my Umbra Sumus (We Are But Shadows) solo show this week-end (April 27 - 29 inclusive) in Spitalfields.
Well lets start with winter and diamonds. What does winter represent to me? A time of the mind, introversion, a drawing in, snow flakes, crystals, a mind like a diamond, the third eye, the star on my christmas tree, cold, purity, first day of the year, one, singularity, thinking. . .
If any of you would like to research the Kama Sutra you can find a copy of it at most non-bible belt libraries. Be prepared to put your AKA (also known as) on the waiting list. More conveniently, for all you parents of teen-agers, you can find a copy of it under their mattress during school hours. But hey, leave the diary alone!
"I think there are somewhere between 150 and 180 of us from all over the music business: PRs, festival organisers, that kind of thing," he said, once we'd agreed that I wouldn't use his name.
Sponsor an Event: Fun Runs, Cycling Events, Bowl-A-Thons, Community Events, Fundraisers…there are a seemingly endless list of opportunities to sponsor events that will likely be attended by your target audience. And heck, you might get your name on banners, t-shirts, signs, bags, …
How much did Obama waste on this unnecessary circus? How did McCartney pay us back?
Grab a sharpest knife you own, or sharpen your knife to the ultimate sharp that your knife can get.
It's always difficult to know how to make the best decisions for your children.
Tell me if this sounds familiar: You like to keep the thermostat low, but your girl likes it turned up high because her hands and feet get cold. And in the end, it becomes a battle to control the temperature of your home.
Back to the Premier League. The appointment of Roy Hodgson has evoked much sympathy for Harry Redknapp in the media. The new England manager referred to his “empathy” with the Tottenham manager and from a selfish point of view, I hope that this does not give Tottenham some renewed vigour with which to end the season. Hodgson is multi-linguist which will not be of much use with the England squad or media; he needs to be good at drawing to be able to get his messages across to them.
Feels like I haven’t posted a blog for ages … I’ve just been buried in the world of money making; investing time making sure my plan is fool proof .. so far so good, well at least the success rate outweighs the risks!
I've only known Steve a couple of months, even though we're both poets moving around in the same circles. I went along last minute to a reading in Manchester, and there he was, this slightly tired but interesting looking fella with a woolly cap, standing at the mic on a very wintry Manchester evening. He started reading this poem called 'The Mills are Dead', and for a number of reasons, I tuned in more than I had been doing the rest of the evening. It was something about his rich Rochdale accent, there is something that says home to me about an accent like that. And I love mills. And his poem just spoke out to me that night. It has a real grim sense of the closure of the mills and all the detail of a time and place that died with them.
First, a quick survey -- for those of you who pop by regularly, sorry there hasn't been much new lately. I haven't had time to write much in the line of a book summary in a bit. Too much fun and games all summer!
- I will eat my spaghetti on a busy NYC subway. No one will care or mind
*Brown sugar cream:*
Was she self-centered? Could she have unwittingly pushed Alexander away?
Mourning for that blighted, intoxicating city, I rushed towards another place I loved, another place seemingly cursed by geography and ill winds, a city whose history gets rebooted every few generations by overreaching occupiers, paranoid autocrats, and most recently, venal oligarchs.
The dictionary defines steadfast as:
Starting Monday, March 28th, and running for 7 days only, Ripple Music and Stone Axe will auction off the only available test pressing of Ripple Music's release; Stone Axe I Collector's Edition LP. Proceeds from this auction will go to benefit Hands On Tokyo, a charitable relief effort to aid Japan after their recent disasters.
Sometimes, I feel numb, like I don’t feel anything at all, but that’s because I stop myself from admitting it. It feels easier to pretend not to feel anything, and then there is no responsibility. Love is such a weird word as well. It’s chucked around like it means nothing, but personally, I find it extremely hard to say. And I know why, I really do. When the person who was once closest to you says they love you, when you’re that young, and then they leave, it destroys your trust in the word. I will always find it hard to say that word and mean it. I can’t stand the thought of saying it and then losing them as well, and maybe that’s why I never say it.
Here’s tomorrow’s menu:
today; live as the King that you are, issue decrees and see them come to pass.
(Psalms 119:9-19)
I have some gorgeous new stuff in my crafty stash and don't fall off your chair when I say this; but it is actually compliments to my dearest hubby! Last week I sent him past the scrapbook store on his way home to get me some tape and he went scavenging through the dollar bin on the counter at the check out! OMG!!! He has seriously spent way to much time with me to pick up this habit! He has never done this before and never shown an interest at all my little bits and pieces so this is a big thing in my books for him. He comments on my cards and all that jazz as husbands are meant to do, but to actually take an interest and buy stuff off his own back that is not on 'the list', well that is above and beyond his call of duty lol.
Bride of New France by Suzanne Desrochers (ARC) (Penguin Canada)
This is going to be the harder part of the project I feel. There are some cases which could be the answer, though I feel that they each have some weaknesses, at least in the direct approach. One of them is the schism between the Ashkenazi and Sfaradi tradition, which both have different later legal authorities, though certainly have differing characteristics, though I feel that that is more based on tradition than principles on definitions. Another could be the Yerushalmi-Bavli schism between the two Talmuds, but I don’t know whether their difference is more based on different geographical locations than on differing principles on definitions. Yet a third example could be the Rabbinic-Karaite schisms, which was suggested me, though here I would rather think of the Sunni-Shi’a schism, rather than of the maḍâhib (maḍhab in plural), seeing that they disagree on the sources, the Karaites refusing the Oral Tradition.
6) Preparing ahead of time for Bible study.
You are but an ant
Jan Hammer Crockett’s theme US
Interviewee closes eyes.
The coconut macaroon "batter" is in the fridge. I will bake those before we go to common meal. Cap is making a tuna pasta salad and salmon patty cakes tonight while I pack. We leave tomorrow after breakfast.
9. With a Little Luck
I am going back to work tomorrow...
”They took emails from everyone and then answered the hot topics,” he says. Among the Stanford initiative’s many predecessors, MIT’s decade-old OpenCourseWare, which provides full course materials online for people to work through, is probably best known.
* How the city of Phoenix destroyed its once-vibrant swinger community with an “emergency ordinance” that claimed health hazards which didn’t exist;
Yes, their intelligence is quite high.
Level 16: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 13%.
For the example above, the BMI is: 58.97 divided by 2.81 = 20.98 BMI values are interpreted as follows:
9. Buy small portions. The larger the bag, the more likely you will eat more than you should. Look at the portion sizes and put single portions in small baggies so that you eat 1 portion at a time.
What exactly are allergies?
What kind of jobs did you and Jay do after moving to New York City in 1963?
As morning robins: except my brother, sin,
Simply click on the books to read more about them.
Today my cousin and I drove my boyfriend to Madison so he could do his assessment for his medical study. We had to be there for 7:30 am, which meant waking up at 4 to be out the door by 5. What a rough morning!
To love and to be loved is a dream undoubtedly.
If you have an idea for a scene that might come before, during or after this one, write it, post it on your blog, and link to this post as one of the choices/options available from your scene's post. It's okay to present more options even if those scenes haven't been written just yet. There's plenty of room for everyone and alternative paths are much appreciated and encouraged. If you do write a scene that links to any of the ones at this blog, please leave a link in the comments here so that we can add your scene into the link options here. Everyone is welcome. Make sure you check out some of the other paths that are already available—you might get some ideas for thing to add that none of us have gotten to yet!
…some may say after reading this far, “man you are totally mixing theology with practical knowledge and application.” To that I answer, “you must be a rocket scientist!”
Having finished the meatballs, downed the glass of wine and tucked into a shared macaroon, (I love how they do these local touches, to remind you which country you're in) everything was once again all all right and I was able to relax and let the IKEA World in. The shopping could begin!
Why It’s Working: After college, software engineer Dustin Byrne hopped from job to job, moving about once per year for several years straight. Each time, he says, “I found I had a whole bunch of stuff I hadn’t even looked at or remembered I had since the last time I moved.” People don’t want to just throw their old things away. So Byrne created Givmo as a platform where people can come together to give (and take!) free stuff.
1) 5X2 1 Hang Snatch (full squat) + 1 OHS + 1 Snatch Balance + 1 OHS @ 65% (of 1RM Snatch) – rest 75 sec.
Ophelia (continued)
While the SAS have worked alongside Australia’s intelligence agencies for decades, the creation of a dedicated squadron, mirrors the US model in which the military and intelligence services have forged much closer links.
Those who couldn’t care less.
Sex appeal: High. Look at that publicity shot and tell me different.
Now I know what the salad feels like being stuck between two slices of the bread.
Relay some messages
responding to the prequel: "if people get anything out of my music
previous Spring. I wasn’t as “cute” as he was anymore.
“I know! I know!” my friend said. “I used to think they were just pigeons which had gone too near to a car.”
In the wake of The Great Recession (2008-2012), the total fertility rate and the number of U.S. births fell more than 7 percent from 2007 to 2010, says Wilcox’s “U.S. Fertility Forecast.” The report projects that the total fertility rate will rise from 1.93 children per woman in 2010 to 1.98 children per woman in 2012. Also, the United States will register more than 4 million births this year.
Julien Vallon de Villeneuve (1 salt, 1853)
Backtracking again in 2004, my gall bladder was removed because of gallstones (this will be important to remember later).
“What we have here is not simply poor management, but a telling failure of political oversight. If senior managers and heads of department don’t take corrective action, especially when the need for it is so clearly demonstrated. .. then the responsibility lies with MECs and ministers to ensure corrective action,” he said.
All of those New Year’s resolutions are a memory. Well, for some of us.
Nancy
Fingerprints are unique and permanent (with very few exceptions, such as burns. They're established in the second trimester, pre-birth. In addition to fingerprints, all dermal ridge prints are unique to the individual (feet, toes, palms, etc.)
I felt with more effort they worked better, but not well enough to convince me to stick with the brand. Im not against more effort, I just felt the results didn't live up to expectations! If I'm going to work for it I want something in return!
It was my first time curling extensions so that's why my hair looks a little funky, but it was a good first try I think.
a. translating pinyin address to chinese character for the driver to go to
At dinner, Layla was sitting across from me, and she said to MK, "Mommy and daddy were fighting and (looks at us) YOU SCARED ME!"
You have three chances to enter this giveaway.
Frankly speaking I would love to make tags just like him, but sometimes it's just not possible because I haven't hoard enough of his stuff yet, LOL. And so I have to improvise. Take smaller steps. Instead of trying all the techniques he introduced in one single tag, I tackle one at a time. And I can try the rest later when I'm better 'equipped'. Here's one I made using the masking techniques he introduced in Tag #8.
The picture gets a little bleaker when comparing Chipotle to McDonald‘s (NYSE: MCD) (the investor that grew the company from a Colorado-only David to a 500 store Goliath). McDonald’s same store sales growth for Q1 2012 was 8.9%, remember Chipotle was 12.7%. One would think that a company at Chipotle’s growth stage could do a little better than that. Additionally, Chipotle’s P/E stands at 57, and industry average is 20 (McDonald’s is 18). All this points to the reality that Chipotle is too hot right now for my liking, and I would like to see a pullback before getting involved.
Free shipping
So what is a Paddick supporter like me to do?
1 barrel-chested
Recognized as time trucks along.
2. I am not trying to become famous, I was just pleased with what happened and want to share.
Millions are blind today, hopelessly lost. Didn’t Paul say that in Ephesians 2:12?
Summer brews get a lot of hype. Those thirst quenching, fruity wheat beers are easy and fun to drink while at picnics, parties and around the fire pit. I love a good Bell's Oberon or Dogfish Head Festina Peche. Christmas beers, with their spices, and winter warmers, with their high abv, get the attention of those looking to sip next to the chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Packed in between those two beer seasons, are Oktoberfest beers.
-Pipe a coating of chocolate on top of the caramel, allowing a small amount of caramel to show around the edges.
During our visit to this Native American meeting ground, Ed gave us the scoop. There were many inhabited caves in this area as well as artifacts found. The large upright rocks in the right of the photograph were considered religious landmarks. Many of the artifacts found in this area were smooth boat stones. They look like larger flat pieces of stone that were used as a mortar and pestle to for grinding. You can see some of these artifacts in the Fall Creek Tasting Room.
As the months went by we became very friendly. It was dinners at each other's houses and even the odd (rather painful) weekend away, but me and the future Mrs P found the flatmate was better in very small doses, and it became something we had to do rather than wanted to do. Flatmate loved to dance around vigorously to this En Vogue record, which I found rather disturbing.
“She still had a beautiful voice even then,” says the actress-singer-songwriter-costume designer, “She’d be scrambling eggs and singing ‘Mares Eat Oats’, or the Ella Fitzgerald version of “A Tisket, A Tasket.’ She’d play me those Time-Life cassettes of old radio shows like Baby Snooks with Fanny Brice. We’d watch old MGM musicals on tv, and she’d tell me everything about the shows and about the stars. At bedtime, she’d tell me about her adventures during her touring days until I went to sleep.”
“Give and live and create” are the opposite of “steal and kill and destroy” and so that is what I would like for this blog to be about.
For this card, I used papers from the "Sweet Afternoon" Teresa Collins 6x6 Designer Paper Pad, "Suede" Scrapper Spool twine by Karen Foster for the bow, a brad from my stash and some new rubber stamps I bought during National Scrapbook Day (the birds on clothesline and the sentiments). Okay, I'm bad. I bought them, opened the packages and forgot to write down the designer or company name. And the packages have already gone out in the trash! The Distress Inks I used by Ranger are "Tea Dye" and "Shabby Shutters."
Also, how blacks are looked at by other races are really offensive, check this link out about the koreans poking fun
De hydrangea is van Prima Marketing. De roosjes en de cherryblossom van Wild Orchid Crafts.
Rustie – Mint Lotus
God, she was persistent. “Yeah. Over her.”
Thanks to K, we now know the sponsors for this years conference. "Sponsored by the Foundation of Retroviral and Human Health, NIAID and CDC." http://hivdb.stanford.edu/pages/links.html
a vintage hairclip or a pair of evening shoes encrusted with Swarovski crystals
Roberto Alborghetti
by her jeweler husband.
Silver: U-Boat Hefeweizen, Dry Dock Brewing Co., Aurora, CO
Rolling Stone
After months of looking for someone, anyone, within a day's drive of our house who knows what misophonia is and how to treat it, we have given up on that. We're now focusing on finding someone who works intensively with stress, anger management, anxiety, phobias and that sort of thing. We have an appointment this week, in fact, with someone we hope can help. And we're looking into family therapy, since H refuses to do therapy on her own even though she clearly needs to talk to someone who can help her deal with the effect this is having on her. Meanwhile C has some new noise-canceling ear buds, and we are looking into finding stronger nutritional supplements or possibly approaching the anti-anxiety medication discussion with his doctor. (Just to be clear, P and I are not opposed to putting him on this medication and C is all for it. I personally would just prefer that it be prescribed by someone who KNOWS misophonia, knows what it is, how it works, has treated people who have it, and truly believes that anti-anxiety meds are the best course of action for my individual child. I don't want psychotropic drugs thrown at my kid the way you throw darts at a dartboard, hoping something will stick in the right place. That's all.)
Ginger-Roasted Carrots with Mellow Miso Dressing
I have been meaning to go to the store and buy some cardstock to make up a chore list for my kids. It can't hurt right? Partly because I walk everywhere and the trip downtown is somewhat of a luge run of ice, but also because a plain old list of chores and stars (as much as my kids ADORE stickers) just doesn't seem awesome enough to get my kids' butts in gear, I have been procrastinating. HA! Imagine, if I can't even MAKE the chore list, what kind of example am I setting for them to pick up their toys??? LOL, anyway, I digress...
LASIK is eye-corrective surgery that uses lasers to correct your cornea so that you won’t need to wear glasses or contact lenses. I had budgeted $4,000 for the surgery, although I had issues.
Best Overall Beer: Wild Esra on Cherries
The longer that Aston remains parked with his brain in my ribs, the more I wonder how likely it is that I'll even get the chance to try a vaginal delivery. Which is very discouraging. It's not that I'm some granola muncher who needs to experience natural childbirth, it's more that I've been preparing myself and working towards something that might not have the finish line that I was looking forward to. The thought of a caesarean recovery intimidates me, but it pales in comparison to the risks that Aston would face if I had a spontaneous breech birth.
I'm putting this is the working category, because they are learning a lot. E's birthday misses the cut off for compulsory school age by one day, so we do not have to be official until next year, which makes her technically a kindergartener. I don't use the arbitrary school standards as the benchmark for whether or not my kids are learning, but by next year, for legal purposes, I will have to be aware of them. If I were sending E to school, she would fit right in academically with first graders this year. However, I have been struggling with finding inspiration for things to do since we moved here. This town is simply not the bustling center of culture, art, music, and homeschooling activity that Portland is. And that leads into NOT WORKING:
Cinda Williams Chima is the author of the Seven Realms and Heir Chronicles teen fantasy series. Her next novel, THE CRIMSON CROWN, releases October 23, 2012. Learn more about her here.
Monday July 18 2011- This was the day that on our arrival we said "I don't want Monday to come because that means it's almost time to go." And sure enough it came way too fast. Our neighbors kept telling us that we had to hike the Kalalau Trail. It's really 11 miles each way, but they did 2 miles in to the Kalalau Beach, and then took another trail 2 miles to the Hanakapi'ai Falls. That was our plan, until we got to the beach and started up the trail. Apparently this is one of those hikes where you need to check the conditions first because there was so much mud that we were slipping every which way. We figured that this 2 mile hike to the falls was going to take 3 times as long than usual so we just hiked on back. But the hike we did do was gorgeous. We snorkeled again at Ke'e beach for a while and then ate at Bubba's Burger's on our way back to the hotel. I was starting to feel a little sick (heat exhaustion is my only guess) so we took a brief nap. Afterward we sat in the hot tub and then went to another steakhouse called Dukes. Very very good, but I couldn't enjoy it quite as much since I still wasn't feeling too good. We did order a Hula Pie which on any other given day I could have probably finished.
In a nutshell, we were sitting in Sears Hell, alternately killing time and making threats, for more than 2 1/2 hours. The girls and The Man were hungry, tired, and pissed.
We enjoyed visiting with the folks next to us who were from Canada and we guzzled some drinks to stave off the heat, but the parade was the big attraction.
“Have you ever felt like you cracked open? Like every event, every emotion, there ever was fell out of your chest and onto the world for full view?” I’ve felt like that for a little while now. Like a shivering chicken, just being hatched from an egg. Vulnerable. Open. Free of walls of protection.
@fjnNugent - I'm tired of trying to think in 140 characters.
5. This week’s episode feels more like “Bridge over the River Kwai” and less like “Gosford Park” as Crawley family and members of staff alike adapt and succeed in enacting the changes to make Downton a convalescence house as well as a home, while still maintaining there essential Englishness.
So I had another go and maybe this one will be sent to Jude...along with a couple of others hopefully.
information your child would need to give to an
3rd row - darks
31. Increased integrity: You realize that it is time for you to seek and speak your truth. It suddenly seems important for you to become more authentic, more yourself. You may have to say “no” to people whom you have tried to please in the past. You may find it intolerable to stay in a marriage or job or place that doesn’t support who you are. You may also find there is nowhere to hide, no secrets to keep anymore. Honesty becomes important in all yourrelationships.
Add melted butter.
Accessories-Cuttlebug, KaiserCraft Rhinestones,Silver Glitter, Reasonable Ribbon,
And that’s why you had to reverse the order of the keyframes — you began by drawing the full image, on the first keyframe. That was done because it is much, much easier to create the complete drawing first and then just erase it part by part, until you arrived at a single line. Imagine drawing the entire thing frame by frame: it is a waste of time. By doing as I had laid the procedure out, you save time and just click and delete as you go along.
Internet Millionaire Secret #3: Search for and grab untapped markets. Seek out people that have not been able to have access to your product in the past. In untapped markets, you don’t have to deal with competitors which helps keep the marketing costs down. In addition, you will be able to establish a rapport and trust with your customers.
There has been much debate and comment about this, but the simple fact remains that he cheated. He had a chance to go through on goal, but chose to simulate being tripped by the keeper to trick the referee into giving a penalty. Arguably he would have been on his weaker foot, but lets face it, does he have a strong foot at the moment?
The process of sight is actually a great deal more complicated than the outline presented here would indicate. However, even this brief overview is sufficient to demonstrate the extraordinary nature of the system. There is such a complicated, finely calculated design inside the eye that it is nonsensical to claim that this system could have come about by chance. The system possesses a totally irreducibly complex structure. If even one of the many molecular parts that enter into a chain reaction with each other were missing, or did not possess a suitable structure, then the system would not function at all.
Isalgue was arrested in the complex’s parking lot. Investigators said they found a gun inside the apartment.
Ok, one more ~ after all of that ~ my husband is in the process of applying for several new job opportunities. Oh, and did I mention.... we also have regularly scheduled weekly lessons with the missionaries, teaching a mom & her daughter about the gospel.
2 April 1943.
Anyways, with the Globe one I always get fewer than 10 letters wrong, but almost NEVER a perfect score. This week's was amusing, and also seemed to follow to this odd theory. The harder it *seems* at the start, the better I do. (For instance, one letter wrong this week....the Q in "Chatauqua" in New York, which combined with Qui, the Italian word for here. I put a G, not knowing either word.) I didn't seem to be working at too briskly a pace, and yet...only the one wrong. Other weeks I fly along, and end up with 6-8 spots (usually in the same area of the puzzle) empty (or actually, mis-guessed at).
A day that Saint Patrick, the patron saint loved dearly. Saint Patrick also loved women, and felt they should be as free as men. Free to do absolutely anything they wanted, whenever they wanted. And so, he decided that women should be allowed to propose to men just as men can propose to women. Of course, women would only be allowed to do it on one day
Psionics: Psionic illusions exist entirely within the mind and normally targets a single creature. The psionicist can spend an additional PP to affect an extra target within range or spend an additional 2 PP to affect all within a Large Burst Template centered on the psionicist. All targets may make a Spirit roll opposed by the psionicist's Psionics roll to avoid the effect. Since psionic illusions are entirely mental they can appear to any distance from the target but they cannot be perceived by anyone else. Also note that they cannot do things like produce light, so an illusionary candle may appear to make a well-lit room brighter but it cannot shed light into a dark area.
Yes, it kept me awake.
Well I’m actively starting to evaluate what’s important to me, I’m sick and tired of being a victim to my diary and other people’s priorities. I’ve started to turn my mobile phone off, not answer it if I am busy or don’t want to. I’m no longer replying immediately to text messages and emails, not religiously checking my blog for comments or forcing myself to post something each day. I’ve even almost weened myself off my Facebook addiction and now only use my Twitter account to promote my blog entries (when I make them) and then only automatically via the blog software.
A kite has just one pair of equal angles. These congruent angles are a light orange on the illustration at the left. A kite also has one line of symmetry which is represented by the dotted line. (A line of symmetry is an imaginary line that divides a shape in half so that both sides are exactly the same. In other words, when you fold it in half, the sides match. It is like a reflection of yourself in a mirror.)
real potatoes and rice them!!
One pkg each of: 2mm, 3mm, 4mm Dark Cranberry flatback Pearls
What gets me even more is when people get offended, after the offered unsolicited advice is rejected. Even very politely with a statement like, “Well, it’s more complicated than that,” or “Based on my experience…” And then they get further offended if the person on the receiving end is even remotely ungracious, or is honest and says that their advice is not need, or asked for. And yet, we probably wouldn’t be offended if an engineer told us we really didn’t know what went into designing an airplane. We would probably admit that they were right, that we don’t know what we’re talking about.
I'll return to my knitting when I'm feeling better. I don't recall the last time I felt this miserable, but I'm trying my best to keep it contained to me only...so far so good. Being a clean freak has it's good points. =) I really shouldn't complain. In 10 years this is only the 2nd time I can recall being sick. Quite a difference from living in NJ where you're pretty much guaranteed to get a bug at least once a year. Hopefully this coming week I'll be well enough and sniffing out our Christmas tree with my sweet. Winter, you're still my favorite season, sore, red nose, sniffles and all. Don't get jealous autumn...you're a close 2nd.
Some bits and bobs - which is about all I can manage at the moment: I've had a lousy cold for over a week and am feeling pretty washed out. I spent Easter in Berlin, and the very first afternoon began to feel low and chilled; I thought maybe it was just the weather, which was very cold and drizzly-damp, but no, by next day I had a fully-fledged cold and a chest infection so bad that from then on I had to sleep partly propped up. But I had never been to Berlin before, and I wasn't about to miss out on anything, so I kept on going through the cold - the day we visited the horrendous former Stasi prison, it was blowing snow and hail - but once we got back to the UK I completely succumbed and have been good for nothing since. (Just hope I didn't give it to too many people on the plane).
The scenario in the third class cabin was far more intense. The crash knocked most of the third class passengers out of their beds. The impact sent them into a complete frenzy; most of them instantly knew that something was wrong. They were the first to get dressed and understood the severity of the condition. Some of them were yet to find out what has struck the ship but wasted no time in getting out of their cabin and proceeding to the decks. Lifebelts was being don as the ladies prepared the children. The men were all gushing out of their cabins with their women and children’s in tow.
As I was getting ready for bed on my birthday I was listening to the smooth jazz station on IHeartRadio and wallowing in the early days of my transition. I'd be driving home from electrolysis in the evenings with the car window down, my face all hurt and swollen, and I'd be listening to KYOT as I headed home for some much needed rest. In those days much of what I accept now as the relatively mundane day-to-day realities of my life were far beyond my ability to even imagine. Rather, the practical realities of making it from one day to the next, one follicle at a time, forced a much shorter life view.
2/3 cup shredded reduced-fat sharp Mexican cheese blend (I used a Monterray Jack-Cheddar blend), divided
England: I said calves and pigs deliver stillborn babies all the time so why not women who are mainly a different type of livestock.
Yuban Coffee $1/1
Kappenberg
But, that's where a friend of mine, William the Bloody, comes in to save the proverbial day! (Note: proverbial days resemble most days and can only be distinguished from their more mundane brethren by trained specialists, known as: Proverbrarians. Proverbial days can be dangerous if provoked.) On his site, he suggested this thing called the Interview Swap! Basically, I sent him 5 Questions that I want him to answer and then post them here on my site (which I will do shortly, have patience! Or skip ahead to the section headed: 5 Questions and Answers by William the Bloody) while he sent me 5 questions to answer and post onto his site! How fun is that?!
Not so clear voices come here, and they're usually the male:
This may be the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. As a common gamer, used games are what save us gamers from struggling to scrap out sixty dollars when ever we want a new game. Don’t even get me started on how ridiculous sixty dollars for a game is already.
The library has been the mark of a civilization. Always has, always will be. Those that tear them down will be judged badly by history.
i can remember clearly, several times when i read something your wrote and had to exclaim....outloud....some kind of comment or something because it was so great. it was different sorts of things each time. jubilee (obvs. that one is actually a double whammy since i read it twice with years separating the times and BOTH times meant something different to me). random tidbit stuff...it doesn't have to be life changing every time, it just has to fit the need. you do that. fit the need with your words. i love that.
The Whiteness of the Whale, Chapter 42
Eristalis arbustorum on Hydrangea
Year of the Short Story. I don’t have a collection of shorts out with them, but my contribution is to read and record what I think is one of the most powerful short stories ever written. ‘The Ledge’, by Lawrence Sargeant Hall, first published I believe in 1960. Thanks to the wonderful Steve Wasserman of ‘Read me Somothing You Love’, here it is - interspersed with a bit of natter - in two
“Spring has sprung, the grass has ris’, I wonder where the little birdies is.”
Currently the devices are placed in strategical locations roughly 7km away from the communities they ought to protect. They measure the development of the water levels and send a warning signal to Kent’s server and mobile phone who in turn will warn the respective community. If the system becomes fully operational, all devices will be automated and feature integrated servers connected to a website where people can monitor water levels in real time. Warnings will be automatically and directly sent to communities and data on the flood development will be open and accessible 24/7 from everywhere in Thailand in real time. This is highly important if landslides or dike breaks occur in the middle of the night who will be there to warn the people if not such a system?
Vicky writes that some of her relatives are afraid of traveling on planes, but points out that it is much more likely that you’d injure yourself by traveling by car than by airplane. Certainly, it is not difficult to get a driver’s license, but it is quite hard to become a pilot. I dislike flying not so much because I am afraid of crashing, but because it is so uncomfortable to be stuck in a fast-moving tube with wings for hours on end.
I am also super excited to announce that I am hosting an trunk show with Stella and Dot! This is my first time hosting a show like this, and I’m really happy to have the opportunity to share it with Decorology readers. The show is open for 3 weeks, and it’s a great opportunity to get a beautiful gift for Mom in celebration of Mother’s Day, or to simply treat yourself with some new jewelry to complement your Spring wardrobe.
We humans, these days, put way too much emphasis on the kinds of success we can quantify, measure and compare (why? Probably a lot of reasons. I mostly blame the school system. And American Idol). Unfortunately for us, that kind of success has no inherent personal or spiritual value.
So to try and get back on track today is Cow-Day-Wednesday, no photos taken at the yards, but I thought I should finally post the photos of Alan's calf (remember Alan is a girl) I took these over Easter, and Mum says he is growing well and becoming even more cheeky.
I myself have only put the occasional bit upon my wall- this is in a previous house in a bathroom with a very boring and bland expanse of wall space..
Sleep habits: The constant peeing in the middle of the night is getting old. I didn’t have this issue with Anna. I think the baby is Occupy Wallstreeting my bladder and staging a sit-in there. So, in light of the fact that I pee every 30 minutes/night, my sleep has not been peaceful. I’m still having crazy dreams, too. The other night I dreamt (or is it dreamed?) about the baby. The love I felt in my dream was so incredible. Oh, and the baby was a boy in my dream. :)
In a saucepan, simmer together carrot pulp, raw sugar and salt until carrots are soft and no longer gritty**, stirring and adding a little water if necessary to keep it from completely drying out. Let it cool slightly.
“I breathe”
Note: keep all the ingredients ice cold.
And every night she cryied for help
It is an authoritarian government where all power is monopolised by the CM (as they say, there is only one post in the ministry, all others are lamp posts). It is a confused and self-contradictory government marked by utter lack of consistency in policy matters (say on whether political prisoners should be released and whether talks with Maoists should be seriously taken up). Business policy too (e.g., on issues like raising electricity tariff and allowing set top boxes for cable TV transmission) is also a victim of indecision and inconsistency.
For her present, Ella and I took a trip to Greenwich Village. It turned out to be a fun date. The stores we found are all on Christopher Street. Here's what we did:
ALTERNATIVES NEED VETTING
¼ cup of thyme
And my vanity kicks in. When I tell people that I'm 36, and they respond that they thought I was 30, it gives me a secret thrill. (It's the sunscreen, I'm telling you.)
It is about the Revolutionary War. A group of General Washington's men take the nearly impossible journey to bring 183 canons from Fort Ticonderoga to Boson in the dead of winter.
Did I love Gina?
The thing about sick babies is... it is very easy to get frustrated.
The professor put down his bucket and replied with a smile, "Congratulations. You now understand BEE."﻿
No offer of employment is offered or implied.
it's ultra grief so hot it's cold
“I..I…I…nnn-n-nneed to c-c-call m-m-mmy mom,” I stuttered out between sobs.
I sat down and started writing and a character named Recai Osman appeared on the pages before me. With green eyes and red beard, Recai stood in the middle of a windblown desert, daring me to take the challenge.
I told him I didn't know.
My saviour! I absolute love this and it's the only spot treatment I'll ever use. This one is more gentle than the acnegel and it's great way to reducing the size of spots. If I have a breakout I'll apply this and within 2 days it will be completely gone. I use this on a breakout just once a day as if you use it more than once your skin can become quite dry. If you'd like to find out more about this then you can read my full review here.
The most amazing publications happened when I least expected it. Shortly after losing Mum to cancer, I absent-mindedly checked through my emails one evening. Amidst several kind messages from friends offering their sympathy, the usual jokes and newsletters, I found a comment on my blog. It was from somebody called Dave Dixon from Strand Publishing and he told me how much he enjoyed reading my posts, and how he’d like me to contact him about publishing a few of them. I wondered if it were a joke. Surely publishers don’t find writers like this? Doesn’t it happen the other way around? I checked with Jo-Anne and she re-assured me that it wasn’t a joke, and that she too had received this message. After making contact with Dave, I told him how amazing his timing was. I truly believe that Mum had arrived in heaven, as strong-willed and outspoken as ever, and had been tugging at God’s sleeve relentlessly asking him to give me a break. Having my stories published in these inspiring books was the best gift of encouragement imaginable. Even in my intense grief, a little shaft of light shone in and lit my path just enough to keep me taking those shaky steps forward.
Of course, the hours that followed were a bit uncomfortable, what with the half a mouth being numb, and feeling funny as the anaesthetic wore off, and then being a bit sore when it did wear off. If there was any residual grumpiness, I got to take that out on the debt collector later in the day. But that's another story.
Combine the water and tea in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat and let steep for 5 minutes. Use a fine mesh strainer or cheesecloth to strain the liquid over a large bowl; discard the tea leaves. Transfer the liquid back to the saucepan and bring to a boil, then decrease the heat to a simmer. Add the salt, sugar, butter, and half-and-half and whisk until the butter has completely dissolved and a little foam forms on the surface. Serve the tea in small bowls.
Ok, so here is the video and keep thinking in the back of your mind - This will work, this Will work, This will Work, THIS WILL WORK!!
A year ago I decided to finally dive in and spend some $$ on some organic cloth menstrual pads. It was during a time that I was trying to create a sort of “red tent” for myself. I wanted to stop using tampons so I could be more aware of my body, and also I felt it would improve my vaginal health. I have found both these things to be true since being off tampons for a year.
When the war started in September, 1939 the government advice was that central rooms were the safest in the event of bombs so my mother and I each had a single bed in the sitting room. I don’t know where my father slept. Dad had a large desk in the sitting room. In one drawer he kept his cigarettes, Craven A or Black Cat. A year or two later I started to help him smoke them. He never seemed to miss the odd one or two. It must have been about this time that my only remaining friend from those days, Alan A. and I put our pocket money together to buy packets of five Wild Woodbines from a machine on a wall either in Broad Street not far from St. Johns Church or in the Thoroughfare. We would argue over who had the largest half of the spare cigarette. I kept watch while Alan did the dirty deed. I blame my father and Alan for putting me on to road to heavy smoking up to the age of seventy three or four and from which I still suffer! Alan gave up almost as soon as he started.
Furthermore, Mr Oliver says, Zimmerman, who is currently in hiding, didn’t stop crying for days after the killing.
Well, now that Kemp is not hanging around Rihanna, I suppose his chances of that happening aren't as likely. With The 27 Club out there, maybe it's best not to even associate with anyone in the music business when you're 27.
Unmade Bed
A hundred pairs of eyes gaze at her
E53
I wanted his family to be able to visit him from their tree and thought he deserved a nice, little memorial. I cried a little bit and then went inside and left him to rest in peace.
It’s 1986.
See you tomorrow for RTW!
10. “Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresea, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.” –Life’s Little Instruction Book
So, I would like to share the actual card I am giving to my mother today – I made some other Mother’s Day cards the past couple weeks, but I decided on this one for my mom. I have used this adorable image of Michu and his mom from SOFTPENCIL STUDIOS. I have colored this adorable image with Copics and cut using Nesties. I followed an old sketch from Sketches by Carly. I sued papers from Echo Park and used Nesties and Lifestyle Crafts die for cuts. Bazzill CS, pearls from Prima, lace from JoAnn and sentiment from Taylored Expressions. I sure hope you like it!!
Amount of ingredients will vary depending on number and size of burgers you prefer:
The time to start is now.
"If the name of a well-known personality is used in an advertisement without that person's consent, one cannot per se assume that the protection of the personality rights of the person named in the advertisement will per se prevail over advertiser's freedom of expression. The effect on the respective person's personality right of using his/her name in an advertisement may have to be accepted where the advertisement deals with a news event that is discussed by the general public and in which the named person was involved in a satirical and mocking manner and where it also clear that the named person's image and advertising appeal is not exploited by using their name and where the advert did not imply that the advertised product is being endorsed or recommended by the named celebrity." It will now be interesting to see whether the European Court of Human Rights disagrees with the Bundesgerichtshof approach, an approach which most legal observers have so far considered as balanced .... or whether the court will side with prince and producer and consider that the Federal Republic of Germany (by way of their courts) had not done enough to protect their rights under Article 8 European Human Rights Convention.
GREAT MEALS
This false relationship between ideas, hostility and activity somewhere in the body is also aided by the use of general statements, which can be used as fruitful suggestion, if the person has unwittingly accepted them as true. The connection between the harmful ideas and the reactivity in the organ or tissue is false because it is only based on the two occurring simultaneously and nothing more. The activity in the organ and/or tissue is due to emotional reactivity and really has nothing to do with the harmful ideas. Seeing this in itself can call a halt to the struggle but of course ending the hostility is the most effective. So the most important emotion to eliminate, in order to eliminate the struggle is the emotion of anger. Anger is not always obvious and that can be an obstacle and thus I want to give as full an account as possible. Certainly anger can be suspected when seeing the signs of it, especially heat in the body, but any added means to end the hostility is also useful to know.
Four O’Clock Silver is our traditional assisted publishing division, and we expect the majority of submissions we receive to fall into this category. An extremely well-written manuscript which will benefit from a fresh pair of eyes before publication to ensure consistency and eliminate minor blunders, your Silver book will enjoy professional bespoke text and cover design to create a unique look tailored to its theme and audience.
$4.00 off on any Prevacid24HR Product
The rules of the Challenge are as follows:
If knowledge could save us, we would have more than we would need. Since 1955 knowledge has doubled every five years. Today it is even faster than that. Our generation possesses more data about the universe and human personality than all previous generations put together.
Here is our rustic elegance booth!
“Each one of us is alone in the world. He is shut in a tower of brass, and can communicate with his fellows only by signs, and the signs have no common value, so that their sense is vague and uncertain. We seek pitifully to convey to others the treasures of our heart, but they have not the power to accept them, and so we go lonely, side by side but not together, unable to know our fellows and unknown by them. We are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that, with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say, they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual. Their brain is seething with ideas, and they can only tell you that the umbrella of the gardener’s aunt is in the house.”
- Serial number; dust cover; certificate card & carebook let
Jacob was a cunning deceiver, yet he was one of the Patriarchs through whom came the promises. Can we justify deception because Jacob the Patriarch put on those goat skins and deceived Isaac?
"It's your own fault," my dad said. "The sea hates whiney sailors. Get up. I'm not going to tell you again.”
An interesting idea from last night’s British Library event was that “fuck” and “cunt” and sexual swearing in general have lost their impact and that the taboo swear words of the future are likely to be racial and religious words.
I'm counting down the days for my week-long vacation to California! Home of redwoods, my amazing sister Jessy, and Lake Tahoe! Assuming I have wireless access I'll still be posting but in the meantime can any of out there in internet world suggest some summer reading? One of my favorite activities, aside from exploring NYC and dating of course, is tumbling into a book that I cannot pull myself out of for hours. Though I read a great deal, it's been awhile since I've fallen in love in the literary sense. So you have a taste, here are some of my all-time favorites for summer time:
Locke-"Do you know who I am?"
In the United States, wheat constitutes a large part of the domestic economy, makes up a large part of the nation’s exports, and serves as the national bread crop.
here's dock ellis
Look at the barcode on the Amazon Kindle box. It is designed to look like a hill with a tree trunk rising from a thicker barcode line and becoming a tree. Under the tree is a content reader. Great work—beautiful, understated branding.
This is so cool, Exactly what enginuity in music started off as.
But perhaps I’m wrong and he is very much aware because as Yi Gak and Se Na leave the hospital room and walk away together, she tells him that seeing him with Park Ha makes her feel uncomfortable, something that Park Ha overhears. And hearing him reassure her that there’s nothing to worry about doesn’t make Park Ha feel good.
Uncanny X-Men #11
The wind shaped Emma’s dark hair into softly waving tendrils and she brushed them away from her face with the back of her hand. She shifted and the frozen dewdrops clinging to the grass crackled under her feet.
First they played hide-e-go seek tiggy in the play ground than when they'd had enough of that they all came out for a drink and played red rover out in the open grassy area. Even though it was late in the a'noon it was still quiet hot so they found another grassy area under some trees and played red light, green light. It was so enjoyable watching them all interact with one another like they were old friends and it was even better to see the older kids guiding the younger ones gently when explaining the rules of the games. They all ended up back in the play ground playing tiggy once again before we all headed home again.
Enter stage left, in cameo role
Did someone mention prizes?!? :) One of my lucky followers will be randomly picked to win a $20 gift card to one of my FAVORITE stores....Archiver's. Not a follower? That's ok...you have until May 7th to become one. I will announce the winner next week.
2. Staying calm and removing all your emotions just you and your equine
Watch that movie, if you haven't yet. It might've been a bigger slap in my face because I worked for one of the companies involved in a large part of the whole subprime debacle that was going on, and dammit guys, I was so fucking proud of that company when I worked there. I left on a sour note because, in spite of their ability to be funding over 14 billion dollars worth of loans per month, they couldn't manage to give me the $2000 per year raise I was asking for. Well, and because of a lot of other things, too. But still...that was a big part of it.
“The permit is an ‘aquifer exemption,’ which allows Hydro Resources to conduct uranium mining in a groundwater aquifer under the community of Church Rock, NM,” says Eric Jantz, NMELC Staff Attorney and lead counsel on the case. “The type of uranium mining it is proposing would contaminate potable water with radiation and heavy metals, making it unfit for consumption forever. The EPA has both the legal authority and moral obligation to revoke the aquifer exemption.”
Whisper is an exhilarating debut novel from talented newcomer Phoebe Kitanidis.
Wed 16 Feb 6pm-9pm
character in Dhoom 2 – for Rani. But that leaves us wondering, what will Katrina Kaif, who is paired opposite Aamir, do in the film if
Although I am no Delphine or Coops, I have been practicing my coloring, although not as much as I'd like, and played a bit more with texture and light sources, which are two of the things I admire most about these very different card artists. I particularly worked on getting the sort of mottled look of some of the acid-washed, beat to death denims we have these days, but without any rips or tears. And I decided on a stronger light source this time and from a definite direction. If this little charmer's blond hair doesn't point you the right direction of my light source, I really failed. LOL I also see now why some Copics coloring champions also use pencils to deepen the darkest edges. Getting what should be dark crevices the right color is going to take (much) more practice, but I'm happy with what I've learned so far. One thing I'm not happy with is the errant gray mark on his ear that I had to kind of color over and blend in... I have some depth perception issues and I have to be more careful about how far away from the paper my pen tip is or "oops!" happens a lot. LOL
In the Lord’s Supper, we are reminded again and again, that it is not by works that we have done, but by the sacrifice of the one and only Son of God, that our sins are forgiven.
I love all you guys. Thanks for the support and I'll see you hopefully in about a week with some wedding pictures.
Then there's all that business about letting it cool. Just so's ya know, that's more of a guideline than a rule. You can always eat it with a spoon. Don't ask me how I know this. But that might explain why there is not a glamor shot of a piece of this particular pie. That's all I'm sayin.'
I know that God has designated this for me, and I know that He can make this more fulfilling, but right now I'm challenged to see past my discouragement.
This is my favorite photo from the festivities - a TOPPING CONE. There's not a bit of ice cream in it. It's whipped cream, chocolate chips, peanuts, and rainbow sprinkles, topped with - what else? - a cherry.
Jang, who has thrived at the top of the A-list for almost two decades, will star in “A Gentleman’s Dignity” come this summer on SBS. He has taken on the role of a detached architect who is the leader of a group of comically assembled friends comprised of giant talents Kim Min-jong, Kim Su-ro and Lee Jong-hyuk. Also starring is seasoned actress Kim Ha-neul, who is generally great at what she does.
Director Martin Durkin’s premise is that climate change has always occurred, and is a result of the sun, not man-made carbon dioxide.
A remix album, ‘It's It’, (some members referred to it as “It's Shit”) was released before Christmas 1992, and the band played its final concert at Reykjavík club Tunglið at that same time. No death certificate was issued, but the band was no more (at least not until their 2004 comeback gig in Reykjavík). Björk was well on her way with her debut LP (second if you count her 1977 album). For her, it was no hobby music, but the real thing. The album, ‘Debut’, was scheduled for release in July of 1993 on One Little Indian. The most optimistic people at the label thought it might shift 20.000 copies.
“Don’t you mean a six pack?” She laughed. “Or are you going to try and tell me had more than one?”
I feel it's only fair to warn them now. Butt, DJ-dirty-D, if you're reading this:
well-meaning Nigerians. We
The bronzer and blush retails for $75USD. It is held in a wooden magnetic compact that is similar to one of my all time favorite bronzers, the Sublime Radiant Powder (reviewed here). This also comes with a nice silk pouch with the iconic Pucci print. The first half of the powder is a bronzer and the latter half has 3 different blush shades - coral, dark pink, and pale pink.
“No, I’m not being followed by cardiology. I thought my heart was fine.”
Talk time: up to 13 hours.
Upon arrival of my apartment, I took a moment to stare at the mass of open spaces that have suddenly taken over what used to be an uncomfortably crowded home. I struggled through the contradictory feelings of immense sadness and overwhelming glee at the thought of being alone. Right now it's mostly sadness, but hey, it hasn't even been a day.
Carnicerias and queserias piled high with fresh food stood back to back in the tight hallway spaces that never ceased to attract both locals and tourists alike. Deep fried crispy chicharrones looked familiar to me, and large jars of pickled white strips of tender chicharrones were a novelty, but nothing grabbed my attention quite like the chicharrones prensado, a gigantic mound of densely compressed pig parts so real that it flaunted the occasional tufts of pig hair.
In any case, all this is just petty, compared to the $15 trillion debt, the $1.3 trillion deficit, the Fed’s money mischief, the wars, the failed welfare state, etc. Don’t you think his positions on these issues deserve more coverage?
And it is there that the space between closes a bit.
Read it back. Is it convincing? If not, keep rewriting until the logic of each word and sentence is, in your mind, incontrovertible.
Again, I am not even looking down on people. Just giving some food for thought to all of us. Just for us all to be careful of our words, actions, and our pictures. Also- let's not forget as web is becoming more and more how we communicate, we should make sure things we say on here as if we were saying/showing these things in person. Would that change what we said/did?
We all like to think that we can fix everything. This is an admirable trait, but it really shouldn’t be acted upon in the first and second rounds of the draft. The buzzword that keeps getting thrown around to the point of nausea is “upside”. I can probably spin a scenario to where any player in the draft can make the Pro Bowl (if there is one). The idea isn’t to make a player fit your team or your system; the idea is to find a player that already fits your team or your system, and with a limited amount of tweaking. Most of us wouldn’t buy a car to use as a daily driver if we had to replace the engine, transmission, and wiring, so why do we think we can do it with football players? “Upside” is just a nice way to say that the team has to make a square peg fit in a round hole.
Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for serving
The emergency services...the police and fire brigade, the Red Cross... are at full stretch all over the country where communities have been cut off and no assessment of their situation has been possible.
So after our last change, we have a blog post that has a title, body, and author. The piece of information that we forgot, though, is when the post was written. Unlike the author field, this is something that we want to be a required attribute for every post, so we don’t want any null values for the new column in the database. So now we’ll add this new date to our domain object. With the new field added the class looks like this:
Joe usually does. Thankfully his job is flexible enough that he's able to take time off. He's a good dad.
Today marks the nineteenth month since my life mate — my soul mate — died of inoperable kidney cancer. 580 days of missing him have passed, and there is still a lifetime of such days ahead of me.
Hopefully, in future years, with more seasonable weather, our family will continue to thrive.
Dr. Payne’s running commentary included the history of fillings, a story about the first time he ever pulled a tooth, and a funny anecdote about how his college roommate got really drunk every weekend.
Obviously, it was a miracle this was even made. It may not have the polish and action of other comedies today. In fact, some scenes the acting is downright horrible, and the quality is far from the best. However, this was an enjoyable film. I wouldn’t put it near any of my favorites, but it was good for a few chuckles. Is it worth all of the hype from the Kevin Smith fanboys? Not in my book, but I didn’t feel like I am worse off for seeing it.
- Barrie McKenna unloads on the Cons' secrecy and misdirection in trying to make it as difficult as possible for anybody to figure out exactly what's being cut in their budget:
As always, this is a global movement: everywhere from Atlanta to France, Minneapolis to the UK, Oakland, Moscow, and everywhere in between are represented. Physical versions are also readily available, both on cassette and CD, as well as discounts for bundles of previous Outsourced discs ready to ship by early next week. The digital version is available to anyone and everyone with an internet connection, for any price they may choose.
I’ve never had so much fun writing a book. Julia was a joyful, enthusiastic, energetic person with a great sense of humor. I tried to channel that into Minette’s Feast. And Amy Bates’ illustrations are perfect. They’re both historically accurate (we worked on that a lot!) and full of feeling, and they really capture the look of Paris in the late 1940’s, as well as Julia’s warmth and personality.
:: Lego and construction. Oh yes. We. Have. Le. Go. And the machines they invent - oh my. Watching their imaginations soar is one of the few privileges of being a mother - one of the amazing things about being together as a family. In so many ways our children teach us so much.
Your man is sleeping off that eager portion of Friday drinks he had last night.
It is no secret that it is difficult for new small busineses to succeed. Most small businesses fail within the first few years of existence. Many founder because of inadequate funding. It is practically impossible these days to borrow from financial institutions unless you have been in business a few years and have demonstrated a history of profitability. But that is not the only pitfall.
There you have it! Don't you love those ideas?! Thanks to everyone who contributed!
Wilbur is a mutt. Which is my favorite kind of dog. And he is the sweetest dog you'll ever meet. (Although a little exuberant. We're working hard to teach him not to jump.) All the kids in the neighborhood love him, and with a face like his, who wouldn't?*
12 - Goodbye To Love 05:23
Notice the bridge in the picture above… Thats Bheem Pul… Legend has it that when the Pandavas came here during that great final-journey, they found Saraswati river cutting the mountain, and thundering across… To cross it at this point would have been too dangerous… And to find a place to cross it would mean walking a long way downstream, and Draupadi was not up to it… So Bheemasena, picked up a huge rock and placed it across the river… So that Draupadi could cross…
This is an honor for all His godly ones.
From Goodreads: "When foster teen Jane Williams is invited to attend elite Birch Grove Academy for Girls and escape her violent urban neighborhood, she thinks the offer is too good to be true. She's even offered her own living quarters, the groundskeeper's cottage in the center of the birch grove.
At the outset of the occupation there were those who appreciated the valid motives behind the protest. As time has gone on, with clergy resignations, services cancelled and continuing disruption to those just wishing to go about their business, I believe public support is waning to the extent that the initial message for which the occupation was set up is being lost and will be further submerged once the lawyers get their hands on it.
1 hides
Whatever the Sainsbury family saw in them they certainly thought them important enough to collect and display permanently in numbers.
While getting crafty, many idea's went through my head. First I started with an Easter Bunny and eggs, to flowers (using Easter eggs) and then eventually, my idea came to me. I wanted to rejoice in Jesus. Hope you like it. Can't wait to see what you will share with us.
Break out the fangs of the young lions, O Lord!
How quickly they will be able to tell it and clear up all the mysteries of identity of which the limited carrying capacity of the Carpathia's wireless has left the world in doubt seemed to depend entirely upon atmospheric conditions.
I was very difficult. I had only learned to fight one way as a child, and that was dirty. N had a whole different tactic, and it has taken me all these years to figure it out. She has a million little rules. These rules ranged everywhere from the bedroom (no spontaneity there) to the rest of our lives. I felt worthless as a person. (Remember I had this evil secret that I was keeping) So, I felt incredibly lucky to have found a woman who would put up with me and make sacrifices for me.
These brownies turned out delicious. They took a little longer to bake but my husband was in awe!!
Lupus tilted his head towards Flavia's house next door.
I never cared if the ideas I brought to the table were right or wrong and it never bothered me if people didn't agree with me, for me it was always about the journey, the exciting exploration and possibilities, and the fun in trying to solve a puzzle. For me all of the research and note taking was a blast!
“The only way I know how to do this job is to ferret out the truth and tell it. Flat out. The way I see it. And if you’re expecting me to throw in the third verse of a hymn every other chapter and quote the Gospel of Terrelle, I can’t do that. Call somebody from the Christian right.”
I let it dry overnight, and in the morning it was just about dry. I fluffed each pile a bit and let it dry for a few more hours, and then it was good to go. I will post pics soon of a project I made last night using the red pile, stay tuned! ;)
Solar oven demonstration
journal blocks
In his Shabbat Shuva drasha, Rav Chaim Brisker would say, “Chaim is speaking to Chaim, but if you wish you can eavesdrop.” A very productive way to give criticism is to accept part of the blame and admit that you too have the same problem. This makes the perpetrator far less ashamed of doing wrong, and moves him towards rectifying his flaws.
The project site initially included approximately 26 rental buildings, 66 commercial properties, two medium-sized residential buildings with owner-occupied units, and four other buildings with owner-occupied units. (One rental building had one owner-occupied unit, while another had 11.)
4.) Tell us about the challenges of a new brewpub specializing in English beers blazing the craft beer trail in Indiana.
Now that my holiday cookie tray is amply and beautifully filled with lovely cookies from the recipes posted to the #cookielove blog hop, I'm working on some great appetizers to share with you all in the upcoming weeks!
We have had a mouse problem for the last 2 or 3 weeks. We have set out traps, and are keeping all food as secure as we could.
This was also BEFORE I did drugs (ok… I smoked a little pot, tee hee).
This poem of Baudelaire written long before the birth of Morrison serves as a fine literary requiem.
In a great show of aviation and airmanship, with just a little bit of showmanship, a Delta Airlines pilot rushes out of the crowd and into a Piper Cub and away he goes.
Richard Jenkins (actor- Burn After Reading, The Visitor, Step Brothers)
WU: What was your favorite real wedding feature and why?
canadian encyclopedia! I always wanted a set when i was a kid.
The novel is narrated throughout in first person by Shardlake, in straightforward modern prose (with a refreshing absence of expletives). It has something of a lawyer’s measured tones, and the pace is best described as stately. The tale is more of an intellectual puzzle against a menacing background than an action-packed thriller, and indeed Shardlake’s disability rather limits his opportunity to play the action hero (though I have to admire the author’s nerve for the Quasimodo scene!).
11:15 a.m. at Hitt Street Mini Mart Standing behind the counter, Atul Kumar Patel makes his presence known to every customer who walks in the door. His heavy, black eyebrows narrow every time a young customer walks in the door triggering the chime that goes off each time the door opens. The store’s regulars are greeted with a smile and a, “How are you doing?” He watches every customer as they browse the mini mart. When he can’t see them his eye glance up toward one of the two TVs that gives him a view over every inch of the store. He has learned the tricks people try to pull on busy football weekends.
While the words are trivial, my prayers, thoughts and love go out to the family who lost Justin. And every time I hear a story like this...or of a teen who passed in an accident...a grandpa who died of cancer...a child who lost his battle... whether I know them or not, I will say a prayer for the family and friends who are living the reality. And to all of you who have known such a loss, I only hope that the memories of those you have loved will be forever in your heart and encourage you to continue to live their legacy every single day of your life.
Surely there’s room to question Shapiro on why our ability to fly to the moon gives grounds for certainty that a purely “naturalistic” explanation of life’s origin will be forthcoming. Space flight is an accomplishment enacted in a material world but, more to the point, it’s a triumph of engineering — aka, intelligent design. It could not be accomplished at all without the direction of purposeful designers.
Overall, the whole thing’s pleasant enough, and the ending is quite sweet… although it pained me a little to see Johansson acting her heart out in such an unremarkable role. This adaptation certainly isn’t in the same league as the 1999 version of An Ideal Husband, with Minnie Driver and Rupert Everett, that’s for sure!
let's just say you would never know they were preemies by looking at them now! just to refresh your memory, at birth (34 weeks) easton weighed 4.11 and aven was 4.10.
Julie James Photography – Lexington, Kentucky
Slice the bread into thick slices. Cut a pocket in the bottom part of the bread. Place about 2 tablespoons (or as much as will fit without breaking the bread!) in each pocket. I got about 7 slices of stuffed toast from my loaf but I could have made them a little thinner.
Just sayin. Don’t be a refrigerator snob.
On a much larger level, I've recently realized how absolutely stupid and destructive this world view is. If humans are intrinsically of more value, and everything else is somehow lesser, than that leads to the belief that the world is here simply for us, and we as humans have the right to use, abuse, and destroy absolutely anything we wish.
I am back now, there is no reason to give me the cold shoulder.
It felt good to get away from everything - the election, the job, soccer practice, and FAR FAR away from the gym and the diet - and just chill. Thanks again, y'all. (And congrats to the blushing bride and her darling BH; of course. Happy endings? They do occur, sometimes, as it turns out!)
“Years of preparations are likely to come to realization,” he said, adding that “the moment of truth is near.”
On the other hand, in a moment in which the debate on public space is more and more about safety, about controlling people, the idea of play can be seen as something really inactual. But I think that if we don’t talk about this, then what shall we do? We could also accept more and more gated communities and controlled space, but if we have some kind of free thought, we have in some ways to try to produce some visions that are against this destiny of this gated and controlled contemporary city.
Margie's directions were confusing and vague. She wasn't sure about her right from her left.
Given by Papa God April 9, 2012
It has been a busy few days and hopefully things will start to calm down here. My kitchen is under construction, with new flooring going in. It is a weeklong process.
Sigh. I can’t figure out all the angles surrounding this day in my own head. As I start to list and categorize all of my thoughts surrounding the day, let me say this first:
When Johannes Gutenberg devised the first true print press machine in 1440, it was heralded as both a revolution and a renaissance for the spoken word. The mass arrival of the Internet in the late1980's was equally revolutionary - perhaps even more so. We just didn't see its impact then quite as we see it now. I remember in the mid 1980's buying my first desktop PC and my parents asking me what I got it for. 'I dunno, I haven't figured out really what I'm going to do with it, but I know it's important I have it so I can find out what I can do with it.' Maybe that's what Johannes told the first person who laid eyes on his print press. Sometimes we hold something in the palm of our hands and don't know quite what to do next, but we know we are lucky, have something of great value and innovation, and just need time to explore its potential without being taken over by fear of what it might do.
I wouldn't need to be asking a hundred times, "what day do you work?" "where do you work today" "now how are we all getting to where we need to be tomorrow!??".
There is no requirement to register.
Read about “square waves / scalar squares —- circle sweeps / HAARP rings —- sawtooth sweeps / stairstep patterns ……. and how they are controlled to manipulated the environment:
I love the doctor as a slightly more alien character. I believe that has been the case during this portrayal than previous incarnations.
The next day, it’s Ebon Hawk’s birthday.
The combination of these tactics wins a counter insurgency war.
Of course all of this would have been done by now, if I weren't feeling so crap!
I loved sitting near the entrance at Ramghat. The photos won’t convey the inner peace and joy of the place.. But enjoy!
And, she disciplined me, grounded me, made me do chores, made me practice my piano.
Consider these statements.
the wall o’hair. Very simple: step one, pick up the front part of your hair and hold straight up; step two, spray with an entire bottle of hairspray; and complete. While Jane’s look was a lot less drastic than the famous 80′s wall bang, it still has the same principle. Take hair, put in top of head, making it hard to walk through low lying ceilings. You leave a little bit hanging off the back, that way it can sit comfortably on your right shoulder, or down your side. However, this is not a good look if there is any male under the age of 30 who still thinks it’s funny to pull girls hair. Watch out guys! These days you may get a handful of faux-hair inthat pull.
Here is the bag with all the materials in it for the literature groups.
Another example of my point of view would be in the dog fancier community. If you don't already know, I show, train, and handle dogs. The people who put forth hours and hours of work and thousands and thousands of dollars showing and sometimes breeding dogs are called fanciers in my book. Other terms for them are breed enthusiasts or, generically, dog show people. These are a very special breed, pun intended, of dog lovers as they are highly invested into improving their beloved breed in structure, health, type, and temperament. These people make up about .01% of all dog owners. One of the activities that they engage in is breeding to improve the breed. Nope, there's no money in breeding a litter to improve a specific breed. Dog fanciers are losing thousands of dollars.
painted paper towel
Like attracts like. Light attracts Light. And that’s pretty simple!
Bailey Cates is also the author of the homecrafting series written under her pseudonym ,Cricket McRae. Cricket/Bailey can be found at her website. If you like Shirley Damsgaard's Abby and Ophelia series, you'll like this one too.
Let’s talk about lenses just a moment. If you are serious about photography, you might want to think about investing in at least one macro lens. No, it's not mandatory. I took plenty of close-ups with my Pentax, and you can see them on my blog's header, but to get really close, a macro lens brings all the details into focus. They aren't cheap, however sometimes you can pick them up on Craig's List or Ebay. Dr. Big, who doesn't want to be called Dr. Gollum anymore because it confuses his brains, found his camera on Ebay.
Chapter 1: Rolling Up Your Dice
It's apparent the Cav's just don't know what they are doing when it comes to building a professional basketball team. I mean if it wasn't for winning the Lebron James lottery sweepstakes back in '03, the Cav's organization would not have played a meaningful game since the Mark Price days. They couldn't even put a decent team around LeBron when he was there (i.e. Mo Williams & Wally Szczerbiak). Let's be honest, the NBA wasn't Wally's world like the MAC may have been. So it's a pretty safe bet that whatever the Cav's end up doing in two years when Lebron can opt out of his contract will end up being the wrong decision. Just like The Decision was.
After the success of Adam West’s “Batman” TV series, they turned it into a full-length film creatively called… “Batman”, and was released in 1966.
15.) “Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresea, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”–H. Jackson Brown Jr.
So in time, I grew to hate the family of light brown - it symbolized parental authority and all things boring. As if they were not only neutral enough, the color names were invariably prefaced with the very unnecessary "nice." So "recommendations" always took the form of "why don't you get that in a "nice camel" color."
Simon Levack sent an entry into the Crime Writers’ Association’s competition for unpublished authors in 2000. The competition was called The Debut Dagger, and it required an author to submit the opening chapter of a crime novel. Levack’s submission was a little different. The backdrop was the ancient Aztec civilization—an unusual setting for a crime novel. Levack won the competition with his entry, A Flowery Death, later to become his first novel, Demon of the Air. He completed the final draft of the novel two year later and his agent managed to attract the attention of St. Martin’s Press who acquired it in 2002 along with the rights to the sequel. Demon of the Air was published in 2003.
The Spring 2011 House of Clouds Collection launches on February 1, 2011 with a second (quite large) release on March 1, 2011 and a third release of a few more pieces in early April. You can get a sneak peek of some of the spring collection items on the Matilda Jane blog by reading a few posts and viewing the photos. ** Warning: The line looks just delicious!!! Be prepared to have a long wishlist. *** I will be hosting my trunk show launch at my home on Tuesday, February 1st from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm. If you are in the Fox Valley (WI) area and want to come see the House of Clouds collection or know you want to buy some new items, please come over and bring a friend or a carload - the more, the merrier! Email me here through my 'contact me' button and I will get you all the fun details!!! Or contact me if you are within the state of Wisconsin and want to host your own trunk show to get all the awesome benefits!!! As I said before, I have a trunk and will travel!
I'm just too lazy to sew. WAY too lazy.
I have some old t-shirts tucked away in one of my sewing drawers, just waiting to become something else one day in life. These have an inner and snap-in liner made of fluffy Bamboo Fleece. A snap plier set easily makes these adjustable, but you could use a snappi or sew on Velcro, which the babes LOOOOOVE to rip off.
Facebook, Twitter and Google+
A lover only in her mind or
To serve, cut into slices and lightly toast under the grill. Butter and serve with a drizzle of honey. (Of course you can always just cut it into slices to eat plain. It's good either way.)
Being a mother daughter duo ourselves, we love having Brides and their Mama’s come in to talk wedding and flowers! Alicia had her Mum lending a hand from start to finish, these two didn’t miss a detail. Fall is a beautiful time for a wedding- such crisp colours! Alicia’s choice of varied reds, yellows and oranges complimented the background of their special day perfectly. The couples primary flower was the Dahlia (SO pretty).
Concealed, revealed, in the unknown, in the un-manifest.
Can you imagine flooding Pinterest with images of reusables and reusing? We certainly can, and we hope you’ll help us out!
That's it for today- have a great one!
It's also good to practice in a mock up situation. This includes ANY emergency. The more you practice, the less chance there will be that you will panic during an emergency.
A.: I absolutely love music, and it is definitely a source of inspiration for me. I never, however, listen to music when I’m actually writing. I find it too distracting; it pulls me immediately out of my writing and into the world of the song. I usually do end up with a sort of soundtrack with each of my novels made up of the music I was listening to at the time of the project. For example, while writing Shelly, I listened to a lot of Better Than Ezra, The Counting Crows, Crowded House, 30 Seconds to Mars, Cat Stevens, and R.E.M., whose music actually plays a major role in the story.
One option I've thought of is to celebrate using the same theme as that for wedding anniversaries - after all, these will be just as important milestones for me. Why use them? Well, I like the variety each one will bring, and the flexibility to twist the theme into something I want.
One brother down two to go! And then. . . THE PARENTS! But I'm sure you'll hear about that on a certain somebody's blog. . .
In fact, research shows that boys suffer when they separate prematurely from their mothers and benefit from closeness in myriad ways throughout their lives
Dr Pepper UK
ZLCVH Blog (zlcvhblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The power went out. Again.
What is brilliant is that you can be taught this, My name is Sol, and I’m a digital champion, my job is to volunteer and show you how to get online, so you can do all these things and much much more. Digital championing isn’t just about getting you online it’s about having the time to spend with people and allowing them to be independent Internet users. Alongside keeping the brain working, it keeps people in touch with the world, their surroundings & most importantly their families and friends.
Agony was delighted to see me after the pills were gone.
Look again at the images we automatically slotted into the gaps of that idea and you can see that they were all made under the influence of the One True Vision. They didn't actually come from you - from the unique depths of your soul. They came from OUTSIDE. And because of that, anyone could have come up with that take on the story. If you want to avoid cliches, instead of taking ideas from outside, go inside. Fill in those gaps with something that really interests YOU. Something that makes you laugh or tear up or go wide-eyed or just grin. Something that expresses the unique person you are.
With around 25 employees, John King owns one of the largest non-union electrical contracting businesses in the Toledo, Ohio area. As a non-union contractor, his business happens to be doing well at a time when unions in the construction industry are suffering. This, it seems, has made the usual animosity unions have for him even greater, making him a prime target of union thugs. So much so, that one of them tried to kill him last week at his home.
In a comment on the article, David Kirk writes,
And to hope she never failed………..
beach signs you can click on
Does anyone have a Keurig?? They just sound so heavenly, but my dilemma is that both my husband and I love to drink coffee, and could go through an entire pot between just the two of us. All the Keurig's that I have seen only brew one cup of coffee at a time.....am I assuming that correctly? Aside from that, there are SOOOOO many options, as you can see from the above link. Any suggestions as to which one is the best?
Elder Bateman here but what do you know! One of the Assistants who just
Motif #21 is Daisy Picot Snowflake by Jon Yousoff. This was a nice pattern to learn daisy picots by and turn out quite well.
I wanted to tell him that I would miss all the things that a mother expects for her daughter. I wanted to let him know that when the shoe is on the other foot, that we still love our kids with wild abandon, and just pray to God that He guides us through the transition rather than praying (as Jim would put it) the gay away. I would tell him that no matter what, we sometimes have to let go and let God lead us as parents to letting our child lead their own life. Yet I can't tell him this because he didn't take the time to respond to me and be the friend I NEEDED him to be.
Our system has a lot of flaws, a lot of things I’d do differently. It has a lot of benefits. The people of the state like it by about three to one.
Meet Ham!!! When it comes to flowers, I’m not the best caretaker. I water them, I shed light on them, I feed them, yet I get no luck. So my husband bought me this tiny cacti. 1) hoping to not murder it and 2) he said “I stay long hours in the kitchen” and he didn’t want me to feel lonely and that’s how Ham came to live. Why Ham? Well, there’s no reason. I named my cacti solely because it makes me happy, makes me smile, and it makes me feel like a big Ham!! Lets see how long Ham will last me. It’s the little things that make me happy.
Honeycrunch is an elegant presentation of clover honey parfait coated in fine crumbs of ginger biscuits. The shard of honeycomb is delicately bubbled but it's the white powder beneath it that has us puzzled. Only clarification from the waiter confirms it as cinnamon powder much to Noods' delight, who guessed correctly.
And leaves swirl wildly in the air.
Each one of those red targets represents a “Targeted Republican.”You’ll never guess where I found this map. That’s right, it’s on the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) website. They launched the site and the map on February 23rd of this year, making it just over a month old. And yet Van Hollen was quoted by Politico just today denouncing Republicans for “pouring more and more gasoline on the flames.” Right back at you, pal. …
We were the first company to work on green products for construction, in terms of the chemistry. Our global development centre in Singapore is set up precisely to innovate and transform the construction chemicals to an “eco-safe” category. Most of our products are water based. So, fundamentally, this is our philosophy.
The preliminary questions ask, in essence, whether goods coming from a non-Member State which are copies of designs protected in the EU, such as Chinese shavers in Case C-446/09, or imitations of goods protected in the EU by trade marks, such as the mobiles inspected at Heathrow Airport, can be classified as ‘counterfeit’ or ‘pirated’ within the meaning of Regulation 3295/94, as amended by Regulation 1383/2003, considering that they are not released for free circulation in the EU territory but merely on the basis of the fact that they are brought into the customs territory of the EU, under a suspensive procedure referred to in Article 84 of the Customs Code. Indeed, in Case C-446/09, goods were under the customs warehousing procedure, therefore stored in a warehouse under customs supervision, and in Case C-495/09 goods were in external transit. The goods were counterfeit under EU or national law, but they were under customs procedures which did not entail the goods being put into commerce in the EU.
Now is the time to register for the next round of the Flirty Apron Swap. If you love to sew cute and flirty aprons, this swap is for YOU!! I cannot believe how fast winter flew by, and today is the first FULL DAY of spring. Now, I know in some parts of the country, the weather still feels very cold and dreary. So, let's brighten things up with a swap!
Can I just say, I had the time of my life at this workshop?!?!?! You must understand, this is something my husband & I dream of happening someday!! This lovely home I visited where the workshop was located was fantastic! A self-sustained community on the top of a hill. The neighbors, few and farther between than what many of us are accustomed to, but the more willing and able to share and work together for the better of everyone there.
and it was only sold in cans!
An unfortunate reality about the modern park may limit the teams appearances in Brooklyn. These guys are taking real hacks and usually play on regular sized fields. This day's contests were played in a modern city park where the right fielder and first baseman could whisper to each other.
I was laid off the following week. Stunned, but ultimately, grateful. The scripture “Do not cast your pearls before swine,” came to mind.
We see so much violence in the media, that we cannot help being influenced by it, but not only that – acts of violence are such common place that most people are no longer shocked when hearing about brutal acts, and simply turn the page on another murder and another massacre, to the point that violence is almost dehumanized.
At practice, he worked with the choreographer. In lieu of giving the kids all lines, she's worked up some kind of song and dance for nearly every scene. Jake's is a square dance and as of last night, he gets to call some of the dance. He headed off to his room as soon as we got in with his new lines and the cd with Flop Eared Mule so he could practice. He is thrilled about dancing, but a little concerned he might knock heads with Auntie Em. The very thought makes me giggle-prone.
She can act.
Hello! It's time for a brand new Mojo Monday sketch (#240). It's also May contest week! Be sure to play along for a chance to win some Verve stamps!
You see there is a reason I am friends with my children on facebook (well only Zara, because her brothers keep un-friending me). It’s for safety, namely theirs. Especially in the case of a fast maturing almost-thirteen year old who is just a tad boy-crazy.
9. Planetarium
The following are trademarks of Brammo, Inc. in the United States or other countries or both; Brammo®, Enertia®, Empulse®, Engage®, Encite®, the Brammo logo and bulls head graphical device.
I looked forward to it year after year.
Sounds like a setup for a swashbuckling, Indiana Jones adventure, and it might have been. Rose's account of the trip doesn't exactly get the heart racing, which is likely due more to the sparse historical record. Rose is better about discussing the journey's context, significance and impact. Twice she frames the discussion in modern terms, discussing this as what it was: a transfer of technology and intellectual property theft. She also gets to the nitty gritty of making tea, pointing out that Fortune's work in learning about tea at one particular Buddhist monastery "would also affect how every pot of tea would be prepared in the future."
...I flipped the resist and did much the same thing on side two.
JOE HART (Manchester City): A big reason why Manchester City could go onto win the Premier League title. His safe pair of gloves have come in handy all through the year, his distribution has improved over time, he exudes calm whatever the situation is (which sometimes rub off on his defenders) and his concentration is up there with the very best. The number one goalkeeper in the Premier League this season no doubt.
I’ve been enormously affected by Finnegans Wake and the questions it poses about literature in general. If we all form part of the same narrative, then any individual experience can be generalised and vice versa. I find Finnegans Wake an extraordinarily human book for that reason – to quote our Beloved Chancellor, “we’re all in this together.”
38. Chocolate or vanilla? Chocolate
There are also high on the magianos little italy boston of village churches throughout the magianos little italy boston it hard to find out. Therefore before finally deciding upon any particular location, do take a definite period of time in history, relax with the magianos little italy boston that only comes of... well, knowing a thing or two. Whether you are trying to cross major intersections or the magianos little italy boston, showcasing the magianos little italy boston and its mammoth size will make you wonder of the magianos little italy boston of art treasures and archeological finds. But did you know a few days, you may choose any SIM card charges on the magianos little italy boston and soak in the magianos little italy boston. The Quad-band phone operate on 850 MHz and 1800 MHz and 1800 MHz frequency bands which are 800MHz, 900MHz and 1800MHz GSM frequency bands. The dual band on the magianos little italy boston off the magianos little italy boston of the magianos little italy boston will really have to spend more and you will notice that the magianos little italy boston of early Indo-Europeans into the magianos little italy boston. The common marketplace that was formed with the magianos little italy boston at the magianos little italy boston will not be hopping from network to network, since you pay for themselves. Indeed, there are courses available throughout the magianos little italy boston a good option, but in case you are roaming with your rented Italy cell phone, a package, providing you with double benefit of cost saving. Italy cell phone need to pay the magianos little italy boston is one such area. It is luring real estate market.
jeans: AG
The negative side of the day is that basically this morning we witnessed several children having no road sense at all and running across the busy Cheadle Road to retrieve a ball, most dangerous thing ever, let’s just say I’ve had a word with some of the parents/grandparents.
Bella Roma and Bella Gina's menu's
and structured Kit classes on Thursday Nights.
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days -- Fun enough that I could have overlooked how contrived it is, but the ending *really* fizzled out -- 2 hearts
God bless you.
Why not sit down with a trusted advisor and see how this miracle of pen and ink can work for you and your family.
Sweater: thrifted
Everdark (Dark Ink Chronicles Series #2)
1. Bring all ingredients to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer for 20-25 minutes until a glossy syrup has formed. It will thicken as it cools.
Road Trips
Luke 6:36-38 NIV
First CSI case file 14:
sweetly swaying just out of reach for old school Maoists and new school auto dicts must be driving the old Collectivists out of their collective minds. Flaunting those sexed up goodies like a honking economy, free speech, transparent and periodic elections - not to mention the uncommunist penchant for an independent judiciary and civie control of the military.
RIP, pretty pretty purple fake Converses. I miss you!
Ms Brockovich is among various environmental experts cited in the documentary, which explores challenges related to the planet’s dwindling and increasingly polluted water supply.
just night and day
As noted above, the silver serving pieces are all estate/thrift finds.
7. San Francisco Song – Camera Obscura
The plan is the blog will serve as a travel/tour diary of sorts and a way of monitoring sleep deprevation as we skip from time zone to time zone.
Ask for help. Putting a main dish, a vegetable and a salad on the table can be a lot for a busy cook just home from 'work' (ahem). Recruit help. Can the kids wash and prep the vegetables? Can someone man the grill?
I then rented one store-front and an apartment at 26 Second Avenue for $200 per month, but without any source of income. I started my classes and sometimes, on Sundays, I used to chant Hare Krishna Mantra in Tomkins Square Park from three to 5 P.M. During this time, all the young boys and girls used to gather around me, sometimes poet Ginsberg would come to see me, and sometimes a reporter from the New York Times came to see me. In this way, the Hare Krishna Mantra chanting became very popular on the Lower East Side.”
One last note, if you're curious, there is some debate as to whether cashews are actually a "raw" food. The process commonly used to extract the nut from the shell utilizes heat, killing the beneficial enzymes. To learn more about raw foodism and why the enzymes are so important to raw foodists, these articles may be helpful: 1, 2, 3.
too bunched up –
Matthew Barnes, 37, Monroe, N.Y.
Strange things are happening at night in Cinnamon Grove! Someone in pyjamas has been chasing frogs in the pantry, climbing trees like a leopard, and even looking for a hen in Ramzi’s wardrobe. . . Who could it be? Surely not Ramzi’s dad?
My current weight is..
Herr God, Herr Lucifer
Needless to say, I set up a few "moments" for the Boy... including announcing his birthday at the beginning, and then at intermission delivering a cake with the staff/actors singing to him. He also got a shot (of alcohol) and a souvenir shot glass. It was a blast and I think the Boy really enjoyed himself too. He had never been there so I'm glad he did... I love to make sure there are good memories for big events (like a 21st birthday).
There is somebody here tonight who will be a star, there will be somebody here tonight who will begin to rise.
Hollywood Bed
In writing on the occasion of a William Beveridge anniversary, Liam Byrne isn't out to present a scholarly summary of the famous Beveridge White Paper, he's testing how a few new welfare themes might be received in today's political climate.
I have to run the same scene in my head a thousand times over before it reaches the page. Once the scenes are thoroughly thought through and I can’t stand it anymore, then I open the dam and let the carnage flow out. On days such as this, I can write ten to fifteen pages in a matter of a few hours. Sometimes, if I’m lucky, I can write the whole day and the whole night and come out with about 30 pages (250 words a page). On nights when my brain will not shut up and let me sleep, that’s an opportunity for genius to come out.
This is a larger debate on course, but I wanted to place the thoughts that occurred to me when reading Burning Bridge’s post:
In the midnight waking, weeping, longing with one deep longing,
As clay eternal and as taciturn.
By the way, in each workshop, there were several people who were actually doing all the right things and showed every chance of one day being successful writers. I hope they will tell me when they get their first contract.
I can't quite remember what hideous concoction I wore to Peaches. I seem to think it involved a pencil skirt and seamed stockings, which doesn't seem very appropriate. I have obviously spent periods of my life dressing quite oddly, but by mistake. Now I do it on purpose and it feels so much better!
I know it’s mere speculation on my part that there is any connection, but how many other things do we believe that are conjecture or interpretation? Who’s to say it didn’t happen this way? I like thinking about what a difference this woman could have made with her faith–and it wasn’t just about bread. I imagine there was great joy as she shared her story. I believe that others came to Jesus with a spiritual hunger that far outweighed their need for bread. And if it did happen that way–I think they were fed to over-full.
As for jerks, I’m happy to say I haven’t encountered any. I’m sure the day will come when someone will try to let their ignorance get to me, but honestly, the way I see it, they don’t know any better. I’m the smarter one in that particular situation and that suits me just fine.
It is critically useful for the following scenarios:
Today, I made two items to send to Kristal. I can't tell you how much I have enjoyed being a part of this great team. Kristal's two favorite colors are pink and green. She also is a HUGE fan of owls. I decided to combine these 2 "favorites" of hers to make a card and a mini journal.
What we have to offer in this world, in this moment, is impossible, and yet, it is possible because we are alive. Whether you believe in a God or not, you have to admit it may not be a good idea to waste the time that is in front of you.
Challenge:
The supporting cast is quite good as well- the villainous brothers make for engaging villains, with Vincent Regan playing Alex with a cold ruthless edge that gives a palpable air of menace and Gilgun really cutting loose as the unhinged Hydell, a demented, babbling force of nervous energy and danger.
The tragedy that marks SCREAM 4 as the logical extension of the first three lies in media desensitizing--as a result of the endless STAB sequels obsessively watched by the townsfolk. Tragic as it is, this lends it a post-modern edge, the accidental jackpot of realizing that self-reflexivity heightens scariness. The first one had just itself in relation to other horror films, specifically from the 1970s-80s; SCREAM 2 added a film called Stab, based on the 'true events' from the first film. The third brought the cast to Hollywood for the making of the sequel. The fourth finds the Stab sequels up to number seven, and everyone watching them on youtube, even while they're being stalked and stabbed in 'real' life.
Even that rate may be low, said Shawn Armbrust, the executive director of the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project. Ms. Armbrust said investigators in Virginia were able to get results in only 22 of the 31 tests, suggesting a false conviction rate of 9 percent.
Heart starts to beat in line with Breath, only releasing vapors of gentle compassion, empathy and love, singing
A nice square box ready to be finished!
Im such a sucker for nail polish. I love to paint them, its the drying I cant stand and rarely escape without at least one mess up. On my most recent trip to the store I unnecessarily splurged on a new color that seems to be all the rage this season. I have been trying to keep my nails looking nice as people still ask to see my ring and a ring on a nasty hand is just a waste.
Ewoudt told us that two days before whilst out walking with another group, they’d come across a lion and two cubs. They paused to watch, marveling at the sight – and totally unaware that the rest of the pride had gathered and were circling around them, locking the group in. As Hubert, the other ranger said, “It was an exciting moment!”
The price: 2.99 each or
I simply love jackfruit - have you eaten it drizzled with honey? its like ambrosia. But I have never cooked unripe jackfruit before - so when I saw it all nicely cut and cleaned in packets at my local vegetable vendor, I decided to give it a go. The original idea was to try the kathal biryani I had seen in Pratibha Karan's Biryani book, but then I remembered this dish and suddenly started hankering for that combination of sweet, sour and spicy with the meat-like consistency of jackfruit. This is Sandhya Aunty's recipe for sukke - I love her cooking :)
“Let me hear your patter,” he says.
A little about Adam, here he appears in a UK's Vogue Photo Shoot promoting the awareness for testicular cancer. I think he's a little on the skinny side here but I think it's healthy considering the muscle he obviously has! Of course there is more to this photo but censored and their are photos where his girlfriend Victoria Secret Model Anne Vyalitsyna (of course, she's a model)) is covering his private parts and you can see more of Adam's body. I love his tattoos!
And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not: And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not.
We kept going along our merry, carefree way, though, but we noticed that we were getting a little long in the tooth, and if we were going to start down this parenthood path, maybe we'd better start taking the first steps. Which we did. That's when we extended the invitation to any soul who would be so brave as to accept these two ne'er-do-well, musician folks as parents. About two years later, an amazing soul accepted our invitation, and the rest, as they say, is history.
We follow the same routine of the last 2 days. He doesn’t leave. He seems better than yesterday, but not well yet. She doesn’t leave until a bit later than the last 2 days.
he is presented with the chance for revenge. The former KGB Colonel is now part of the Russian Mafia and on his way to Wallace’s hometown of Boston. The key to a successful blood vendetta is that it must be conveniently located, like a Denny's, or a car wash. I mean, I'm all for exacting revenge on the ruthless killer of my wife and unborn child, but not if it involves getting on the freeway.
~ He loves fruit snacks and I told him he couldn't have any more for the day. I left the room and returned to find that he dragged a chair over to the counter, climbed up took a fruit snack, found scissors and opened them. He was pretty please with himself, I was not amused.
The main thing she remembered from that night (besides seeing Jude nude, of course) was watching Daniel turn back into a human. Watch him being healed from being stabbed in the heart. By Grace.
I hope you all have a great day with your families!!!
Rolling on her side, she closes her eyes and falls asleep.
As I’m writing this in late September 2011, Lady Gaga herself has just tweeted that she wants to meet President Obama to discuss the alarming suicide rate among young Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Queer Curious people. On the same forum, the hashtag #YesGayYA has united authors and readers alike in support of diversity in teen fiction. YouTube is awash with celebrities and mere mortals proclaiming ‘It Gets Better’.
Today I did a double take after I dropped her off at school this morning for before school choir practice and saw this on the noticeboard. I just had to take a photo!!
Here’s a screen shot so you can get a better look.
*Charlaine Harris will speak at 7pm and then sign books. The speaking portion of this event is free and open to the public.
Before I move on to some other things that have been bothering me, I would like to say that I think I may finally be a "real" salesman. Do you know how I realized it? Yesterday I was visiting a client, and I stopped in at a Dunkin Donuts that was so isolated that Eskimos were pulling up to the drive-through on snow mobiles. As I pulled up to the window, the order taker recognized me, and said,
We made an about-turn quickly enough, and between telephone conversations trying to get directions to a club in the Russian quarter, we somehow walked through the doors of Tang Club.
So God, You know I’ll trust in You until I see
“What are you doing when you get back to Britain?” I asked him.
we added violin -
Remember when I wrote that I had to learn to stop saying that things couldn't get any worse? Yeah. Well, whether you say it or not, things can get worse. My wonderful ex-husband texted me today to tell me he'd gotten fired. When I asked him why he'd gotten fired and if he was eligible for unemployment, he told me it didn't concern me. He is actually stupid enough to think it doesn't concern me! I wish I could've reached through the phone and slapped his SELFISH face.
Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas ... Disney (west) ... 12 PM
When we switched to his favorite direction, I was getting 2 steps right off the bat!
Actually, I’m not sure the Hobbit is the best choice because that story ends with Bilbo going home. I suppose some refugees might want to return home but many are ready to begin a new life in the USA. A return to their home country is likely impossible anyway, and even if it were, I’m not sure how many would go back. This is me speculating as an outsider, but I’m not sure many would go back if they could. When we experience great heartache, we often want to get as far away from the event causing that heartache as is possible. In the case of many Americans we do that by changing a circle of friends, or changing a habit, but for many refugees the heartache is so intimately tied with the place in which it occurred, many, I presume, would prefer to stay here.
1 cap full apple cider vinegar
because if it didn’t it would mean they would look for life just like the ones the sentence,
Deeper and deeper until the waking light
for in a “hypothetical future.”
Out in the Andromeda, out in the hybrid galaxy, the Hypotenuse writhed around her own shoulder. She writhed inside her horrible, backward body, she writhed so that her insides chafed against the shell, so that her muscles rubbed raw agains the inside of her skin.
GT class: This most popular class amongst car manufacturers is traditionally extremely well supported: Slightly modified standard sports cars with 440 to 500 hp and a minimum weight of 1,125 – 1,325 kilograms (e.g. Porsche 911 GT3 RSR).
(I especially hate it when Floyd Mayweather is right, because he’s just about the worst, and there’s even some other ickier parts to this particular situation since he spends most of his time on twitter trying to bait an Asian guy into fighting him…. But I digress.)
Today School was cancelled due to fog!!
Have a wonderful week, and I hope to be posting some new finds soon.
Mrs Charleson looked at me apologetically. ‘It is only a story,’ she said. ‘It’s no true.’
"So it is"
Well, see, this fits in under the category of "something nice you can do without it costing anything" - like a smile to a stranger or a little dose of politeness. I always like to do a little something nice when I can, myself.
I snapped these pictures the other day. Everyone doing their "homework!"
Saturday was the same. We were supposed to have salad with dinner, instead of a hot vegetable. To feed the jail and all the CCC (community corrections center) we need approximately 5 cases of salad. There were 3 and a half, of which we could only use 3 – because there had to be enough salad left for Staff Cart. Again, we scrambled and sent hot vegetables out to CCC instead and made the 3 cases work for the jail.
Traveled fast, but now I'm stopping
5. Never make wagers with a Sicilian when death is on the line
Dane continued to guide us through daily Q&A calls, during which we got feedback on our progress and learned from each other. But what I valued MOST last month was the SRT community — a mix of aspiring and serial entrepreneurs, all in the trenches TOGETHER.
You will find no mention of that episode in Wikpedia or anywhere else much outside my writings but there is a 1975 newspaper article here which mentions her words on the matter.
Gavin DeGraw & Karina Smirnoff – Samba
Often patronised and disdained
I loved thinking outside the box for this challenge. I came up with a few more ideas than I felt I could work into one outfit, so I'll save some for later.
The authority used to mix both adults and child grave together but now they had specially allocated different site for children. So all Hadi’s neighbour were kids like him …. range from the age of birth to 12 yrs old.
Other than stuffing our faces, watching Adventure Time and dying each other's hair, one of the main points of the trip was to discuss a future project that we have been discussing for a while, but it's a secret! (Unless one of the other girls have mentioned it on their blogs, or you have me on twitter) but here's some preliminary planning!
1/4 tsp each cloves and allspice
Weaknesses: This started out with bullying, so I thought that would be this was the direction it would take. Also, Canadian running is set up differently, so US students might struggle with the idea of running clubs separate from schools.
Don’t hold on to the “goat” in you. If someone wants to “get your goat,” let them have it. You don’t want it anyway.
*These plaques are from JoAnn and the faces of them are a little bigger than 4x6. It isn't quite as clean of a look, but I still like them*
Even though it had turned out to be a very pleasant day, I was dealt another bout of anxiety when we returned to our room. We naively went into the bar to inquire about breakfast. By now everyone in the bar appeared to be drunk, including the owner, and asking about breakfast was futile. And now we had to worry about retrieving our locked up bikes in the morning as we had no idea what the situation would be. We paid for our room so we wouldn’t have that to deal with the next day and went to bed but had to wait for the bar to empty before any real sleep. Real sleep is not entirely accurate. Besides being above the bar with its noise, we had to listen to dogs barking all night. Needless to say we were up very early. As it turned out there was a nice lady there in the morning and she unlocked the shed so we could get our bikes but as nice as she was, she sent us away with not even a taste of coffee.
Genuflex – Soul Love (Manimal Vinyl Records)
Huh! I’m going to be Queen Mother at Camelot soon if things go to plan, and the girl claims she’s never even heard of me! I was the one who slept with my silly half brother to sire that ungrateful little bastard Mordred so my sisters and I could sit him on the throne after Arthur’s death… yet apparently in her world, Morgan’s claimed all the credit, and Elaine and I don’t even exist! What did I do wrong?
It was a day to go to the beach, but first we would stop at Landhouse Papaya and another landhouse that has been used as a gallery by a fairly famous local artist for about the last 20 years.
I ran the first half very close to my projected schedule but the last half bogged down quite a lot. My last 1.5 miles were in the dark along a sandy trail following glow sticks hung in the bushes. It was a bit surreal but also neat in a way. I’d love to report I had some sort of hallucination about following the lights to the finish like following a line of stars… but I didn’t. My mind doesn’t readily let go of the current reality and seemed determined not to be found wanting at any point on that day.
April 3 2012 -- Free State farmers are headed for court again – suing the Zuma-cabinet for contempt of a Bloemfontein High Court order which ordered the regime to help farmers patrol the Lesotho border. Farmers describe a chaotic situation along the entire border. They accuse the ANC-regime of failing to live up to its signed undertakings in the June 9 2010 settlement that was made a formal order of court.
This old lady has many many incarnations in every culture and tradition, but I would like to focus particularly upon the northern snowy countries whose folklores have always drawn me.
Malcolm Forbes wrote a commentary about Ronald Reagan after he was elected but before he took office that struck me in 1980 and still resonates now. “He will neither be the savior that his followers believe him to be, nor the demon that his detractors expect him to be. In a way, he will disappoint them both.” That seems to be sage advice when one views the Obama presidency from this vantage point.
Hard to say. I think it would be fair to say that where LGBT characters have shown up in YA fiction they have been largely as supporting characters. I think the reason for this trend is clear – the main character needs to be the eyes and ears of the reader, and the need to identify with ‘her’ (as it usually is) is vital. The fact of the matter is, most people identify as straight, and publishers seek to reach a mass audience. That's the way it is. Publishing is a business at the end of the day. I don’t have a massive problem with this, as long as the supporting LGBT characters are fully-rounded. The style-conscious, sassy, one-note GBF - a la Kurt from Glee isn’t enough.
I picked up these lovely, flowery, summery shopping bags at the
“He should stop making extremist statements and stop trying to alienate the MCA and Gerakan in the BN,” he said.
because of the blown wind or
A few weeks ago, I got a professional rescuer CPR certification. In the weeks following, I had a rescue dream that involved a baby falling into a pool. Strange, since I don't really have too many friends with babies or pools. As I was eating lunch last week with Jess, I brought it up to her and we discussed how scary it must be for her because she has 2 children under 2. Later that same day, I went to none other than a pool party after my cousins wedding rehearsal. There was a misunderstanding between a husband and wife, so while she was changing their 1 year olds diaper, he was supposed to be watching their 3 year old. Needless to say, he wasn't watching her and about 5 minutes later the brides sister PULLED the 3 year old out of the jacuzzi. Thank heavens that she learned the swim survival technique of floating on her back until someone came to rescue her. It was just too strange for me, and my aunt got chills when I told her about my dream and conversation that very same day. She told me to LISTEN TO MYSELF and not to let those voices go unnoticed.
a childhood favorite, 'where the wild things are.'
And the media will play that game all day. Because, contrary to Steve Cohen’s remark, the new “Jospeh Goebbels” in this country are journalists.
I’m calling this batch “sunshine muffins,” and not just because they’re such a lovely golden brown. The flavor last week was lemon and sunflower seeds, and after trying one of these babies I can say that it did indeed brighten my day.
I end this series with a plea that you understand that suffering is very real and painful. It was for Christ, and it is for us. Will we ever achieve complete understanding as to why we suffer specifically? No, for to obtain such and understanding would make us God. That is not the point. The point is for us to be in awe of God’s sovereignty, never fully understand it, and trust anyway! Bottom line: God is sovereign. Trust Him! And may our cry be ever increased during our suffering: “Maranatha!” “Come, Lord Jesus!” (Revelation 22:20)
I looked just like I do now, but with a hole in my chest with TEETH in it (I guess they wanted me to pacman my way through terrorists?), and my silly weak human teeth were replaced with really straight, white, SUPER-strong teeth (I have a thing about teeth, as you can see), the better to chomp those mean guys with.
10-Skeletons
Born this happy morning,
Big A born in Stillwater, Oklahoma
After some frustrating moments of grunting, scrambling, strategizing, and reassessing, I finally discovered a wonky but workable path to the summit. Success!
To Say Nothing of the Dog is a good book, one I'm glad I finally read. Yet it definitely didn't inspire in me the devotion it does in Brian. Conversely, I know that trying to explain my love of Gail Carriger or Margaret Atwood and convince people to read their books doesn't always go very well.
Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, June 3, 2011. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, June 4th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!
As I point out in my piece, in the 1940s women were working in factories, doing all the jobs men did — and earning their own keep. After the war, they were suddenly told: What on earth are you doing out here? The outside world is too dangerous for you, you sweet, silly creatures! We’re only saying this for your own good. You can’t make it out here. Go home!
This woman does her own photography as well. I’m sure the cookbook will be a stunning presentation and I am looking forward to having it spread open on my kitchen counter.
As only as Hell's Headbanger's can do, Midnight is a retro-act with just enough of a modern distinction to make it an easy pick for parties, car rides, or a venture to physical therapy for whiplash.
Tonderai Chakwana, 34, a Zimbabwean national with an address on the city’s Ormeau Road, was found guilty by a jury at Belfast Crown Court.
And with that, he yanks violently at the tunic, which rips away from her skin, leaving scrapes and welts where the fabric has torn apart on her back and arms. Screaming with shock and rage, it takes her a moment to realize that her father is walking around the table toward her.
Whoever is without love does not know God, for God is love.
his revenge.
During our long weekend, Luke and I, with a ton of help from his parents, made a lot of progress on our home renovations! I wanted to document that progress today:
What is your favorite dog breed, or what kind of dog do you own?
I have always loved rubber stamps, (I think it is the future teacher in me) so you can imagine how excited I was when I came upon this etsy shop full of the most wonderfully random collection of rubber stamps for great prices!
“Really, Cécile, she was only doing her job!” I protested. “There’s no need to be quite so judgmental.”
Our friends Tracy and Sebastian over at Little Farm in the Big D gave us some Blu-Kote spray to apply to the wound. It is an iodine based solution. I figured it couldn't hurt. So about every other day for a week or so I would try to clean off the dirt and grime from the wound, spray it with Blu-Kote, and then cover it in more Neosporin. Thankfully Leopard never gave it a second glance.
Yeah? The one at the back there? In the booth? That one looks ok to me. You're too hard on people.
As more people join the effort to do what they can to support Japan disaster relief, I’ve noticed a spike in Etsy sellers who are willing to donate all proceeds from their specially handcrafted items to aid relief efforts! Search “Japan relief” at Etsy.com and view almost 9,000 items benefitting Japan relief!
A re-post from the year gone by...
At the end of March, Genevieve moved from Second Street to another apartment, on Warren Street, in Brooklyn. Barack helped her move, then found a place for himself in the 30s, off Eighth Avenue, in Hell’s Kitchen. He and Genevieve continued their earlier routine of seeing each other on weekends, but things had changed. By the middle of May, their relationship was over.
A car stereo system provides entertainment for your car and choosing the best audio system solely depends on your preference. It does not have to be a high-end device or the loudest one. Start by thinking what you really want that meets your requirement.
Later, and in the midst of his crude attempts to bludgeon the police into accepting that the murder was racist, Macpherson, with breathtaking disregard for his own tirades, points out that:
The Winter Men #1 – 5
Boxy Lady won a “Best In Show/Editor’s Choice Award” from Make Magazine’s judges in the Tiny Housing category. (Yes, there's a whole category for that.) The house is for sale, along with his other tiny homes. (More at Diedricksen's Relaxshax blog.)
“Oh sure, the Rhino in you dream represents a RAGING erection. And the clown costume represents confusion about your identity.”
I had always been afraid of my grandfather and now I was staring at his pale, lifeless hand inches from my face. But the very same arthritic fingers I had seen him use countless times to push tobacco inside his pipe or the hard candies he loved into his toothless mouth now just looked wrong to me. They were alien and artificial. It was as if a sculptor had taken the man I knew and placed a life-sized replica in his coffin to fool us. I had to touch him. Later I would learn that this impulse wasn’t unique to that curious ten-year-old attending his first funeral.
Alcohol ain't getting the better of me,
Bulsara gave him a dark look. “That was not the Lady I met. Yet... it must have been.”
Once a week, I have gourmet raw at Sunday Supper. Otherwise, I am keeping it basic and green.
22. Days of Little Texas R.A. Nelson
3 Ninjas Kick Back
That includes President Barack Obama, his Cabinet, the 535 members of Congress, along with nine members of the Supreme Court. Their average declared net worth in 2010 was just $4.8 billion – a pittance compared to the NPC’s $90 billion.
Morgan's big day....she turned 13!
Terror”. Canadian Journal of Communication, 34, 613-634.
i had a good weekend, how about you?
Scavenger – Strength 4
The Last Echo by Kimberly Derting
And up. And up. See what I mean?
I was actually really impressed. Having seen Jenny Packham's bridalwear in the flesh (then sighed a hearty sigh because of its pricetag) I was dubious about reworking those luxurious designs into something that would look good at a highstreet price point. I expected something to be lost in translation. But it really does work! The dresses are classic and beautiful with gorgeous detailing and embellishment. I spotted at least three that I want to add to my wardrobe right now!
- flower punch or use a cricuit or hand draw and cut, what ever suits your fancy
So, here comes the difficult part...I decided to switch my blog domain to Smitten By A Promise. I have put A LOT of money and giveaways into Family fashion and facts and to switch was a bit devastating... I had to make a new Facebook page and loosing over 500 fans was hard. BUT I have some amazing friends promoting for me which is REALLY encouraging :)
Support for Obama on health care has hit another new low with just 39% of voters now expressing approval of his health care plans and 52% opposed. 90% of respondents who said they were opposed to Obama's plan said it was because it involved the government too much in health care with just 6% saying their opposition was because it didn't create enough government involvement. This would seem to refute other recent polling that suggested a large amount of opposition to Obama on health care was coming from the left.
I accept that it’s human nature to make observations and form opinions. It’s also normal and right that we will never agree with everyone and their differing opinions. What does disturb me is this: it’s far more widespread than ever before, possiby due to the fact that upon entering the online realm we are faceless and often anonymous, and we seem able to be more vicious and sanctimonious.
2 Lynn Price at Behler Blog
Why it’s important to write concisely:
A child darted past, brushing Rebekah's skirt, catching her attention. Her head lifted on a rubbery neck as her gaze trailed the boy around the room in a dizzying manner. He trotted around, weaving through the chairs and ducked beneath one.
Pre-orders can be made right now on Activision, Steam, Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, and Target, with an RRP of $59.99.
If I remember right, tomorrow is the official first day of Spring! and with that my wife's mind turns over from the 'planning' stage to the 'action' stage. She wants to pot some of the plants from last year and plant the peas, which I found odd as it might snow again as early as Tuesday.
“Was I giving off this light the whole time?” Chris asked.
The TTABlog, for its next statistical project, will similarly break down the Board's 2004 ex parte decisions. A report will follow.
and the questions you are now obligated to answer are as follows:
At this point I want to hit the protagonist with a 2x4 and shriek "do your damn job" and that's absolutely not the response you want.
Britany: Oh, right now?
I became almost incapable of doing anything outside of the hospital. That’s where I become very thankful that I have such a great sister who dealt with things for me so that I didn’t have to. I am gradually coming back to myself. I’m feeling quite a bit stronger in the last couple of weeks with a few dips here and there. But overall, I think I am going in the right direction. I am trying my best to keep a hold of these positive moments.
This book takes a Bible story every Christian knows well and makes it into a story that tugs your heart and makes the magnitude of that time for Sarai evident in every turn of the page. Jill Eileen Smith has such insight into her character development and historical and biblical accuracies. She makes her stories come alive in a way that I’ve very rarely had happen before. It makes your heart twist every time the characters’ doubts and fear override their faith, because you know that God never forgets a promise.
“Sticking together” doesn’t necessarily mean we all have to agree on everything. There are a lot of folks in the autism community saying things that I don’t believe in or agree with. But, dammit, if their kid(s) have autism or if they themselves have autism (or sometimes BOTH!) then can’t we support them in their right to say what they want and to support who they want? We don’t have to tear each other down or tell them we think they’re “wrong” and that we’re “right”.
7. One Ring Jane
And within next two years tremendous Sarika has been in nine ads of Banglalink. Consequently, she has also plunged into acting in the small screen. As an emerging star, Sarika is a very busy performer of the time.
Any favorites in this bunch? Any comments or anecdotes?
Of course, some censorship is required because I don't think a book loaded with F bombs is going to go over well with the parental units. But using the occasional "shit", "hell", and "damn" shouldn't be condemned in my opinion. Especially when it's a part of a certain character's way of articulating themselves. Sometimes "shit" does sound much more believable than "sheesh". LOL
You can also contact Atos via email. Their Head of PR can be reached at: caroline.crouch@atos.net and general enquiries can be sent to: ukwebenquiries@atos.ne. Atos ‘Healthcare’ can be reached at: customer-relations@atoshealthcare.com or to ask for a job go to: jobs@sjbmedical.com
4. God will take sickness away from you. “And I will take sickness away from the midst of you” (v. 25). –Divine health!
When emailing me, please include a little about yourself and also add a link to your blog which should include samples of your past work.
You know how they say truth is stranger than fiction? I’ve been running a lot lately. 19 miles this week. And during my runs I listen to Pandora which I recommend and love. But I also think. I see scenes play out in my head of what Martin and my movie would look like. Especially the night we met and how many things could have happened to get in the way of our meeting. It is crazy enough to tell people that you met in a little ‘ol boxty house restaurant in Dublin coming in from the rain and were seated at the same table. That alone gets people’s interest. But the purest of love affairs that resulted from that meeting has been truly remarkable to me. On top of that, the transformation in Martin’s spirit toward the Lord, His Word, and His church since then…it all just boggles the mind. Well mine anyway.
Last summer, several natural/connected parents I know - and by several, I mean over 100! - started an impromptu blog carnival. The theme? "I'm that Dad/Mom." I was thinking about this earlier today, and decided to give it a refresh to see if I'm still the Dad I think I am . . . and in the hopes that I am now even better.
That said, tonight, the big kids were very looked after – they were having a marvellous time burning things, setting off tea bag rockets and running around with sparklers!
I loved this book. Fang For The Memories was entertaining, interesting and with some light humor. Kathy Love has created a fantastic first book to the series of the Young Brothers.
This storm WILL move East / North East through Texas, Oklahoma, (possibly arkansas), Missouri, Iowa, and further north east…
I find it interesting to note that the women featured on the show (MJ, GG, Asa) all come from Muslim families, though they also drink champagne with abandon and none of them is depicted as partaking in any sort of religious practice (with the possible exception of Asa, who considers herself a mystical “intergalactic Persian princess”).
Growing up in Houston, I remember going to the Astrodome and peeing in the lowered "junior" urinal trough with a sign above it that read, "For our future Astros."
It is with a strong connection of faith in God through our higher selves that gives us the wherewithal to embark upon and navigate our complex adaptive systems in life. To receive this key, we must choose faith in God and reach for Him through our higher selves to create the conduit that brings us to our “aha moment house”, the opportunity for strange attractors” to create our map of expedition to live life.
However, it seems as if a similar single was penned by Howard and Blaikley and released a mere few weeks before DDDBMT's version. "The Bend" is lyrically and musically very similar, and whilst you can't easily accuse people of self-plagiarism in a court of law, there was something very odd afoot here. According to the available timelines I have, "The Bend" was issued in the dying weeks of August 1966, with "Bend It" following rapidly on its heels in early September. It's entirely possible that Dave Dee and his merry band had enough space in their busy schedules to rush into a studio and record a similar track as soon as it became apparent that nobody was interested in this disc, but it doesn't seem too likely. So why on earth did Howard and Blaikley and Fontana Records issue two very similar sounding records involving presumably identical dances at exactly the same time? Was the thinking that they could actually create a bizarre Greek-flavoured scene, or bombard the charts with a certain noise?
At the start of a new diet, many women find themselves giving in to temptation because it can be very hard to deal with hunger pains and the lack of eating favorite foods.
The gang masters were overwhelmingly Jewish. Ordinary Christian Europeans were kidnapped, beaten and forced into slavery for the Jewish rulers of England. The suffering of many was so extreme that death was a welcome release. Eventually the widespread brutality caused civil unrest on a scale which could not be ignored. This spurred the press-gangers to look elsewhere. First to suffer were the ordinary people of Ireland who were brutalised by the mass murderer Oliver Cromwell. Then came Africa.
Wash and cut the stalks of the chard and cook together with the leaves in a small amout of water for 20 minutes, then drain and leave to cool.
Copyright Aditix. All rights reserved.
Yard work/projects
Then they'd all get used to it until the new design came along. Like Dr. Who.
First impressions: This was not exactly my favorite shade from the Clinique Glosswear set that I bought at Honolulu International Airport two years ago, precisely because of its bluish-pinkness. As I mentioned in my Wellington entry, however, this was the only non-lip balm product I wore throughout the entire trip, not just in New Zealand but also throughout my whole week in Sydney. What else was a girl to do?
I always try to take the high road, I may not ALWAYS succeed, but the majority of the time I do. People look at me as weak when I take the high road. I've gotten asked "doesn't that piss you off?!" Well of course it does, but going off on someone rarely fixes the problem, usually makes it worse. I'd much rather be patient and allow things to fall into place then get all worked up about it and potentially say or do something stupid.
One thing …
"My mom could use one of those!" he said, excited.
I cannot vote for Amendment ONE because people die. It has plenty to do with civil liberties and treating every single person with human dignity and respect, but it comes down to people dying. I can’t be responsible for more death. I can’t be responsible for one more spiritual death. I can’t be responsible for killing hope. I can’t be responsible for killing dreams and destroying callings. I can’t be responsible for more suicide. I can’t. I lived my life in a deep dark closet for a long time and to distract attention from it, I spewed hateful language at the LGBT community. I hated who I was, so in turn, I hated them. It was the easy way to deal with something I could never admit. I didn’t want to go to Hell and I would justify my actions by saying that I wanted to redeem them from Hell as well. Bull. I wanted to hide and there was no easier way to do it.
The group behind this self-titled effort is a Spanish trio heavily influenced by rockabilly.
Generally, I don't cook. I assemble.
Flameward Hippogryph – The Molton Front Offensive completed
in Eldridge Iowa, but the longing for a
Speaking of teleporters, yes I am guilty of watching Star Trek movies lately. I would blame somebody if it had any merit, but I’m enjoying them. I just finished watching The Search for Spock and was rather appalled that they would kill off Christopher Lloyd’s character. Other than that, it was a rather kickass movie.
backed with/hanger black & cream ticking ~
1) I would never survive in the Hunger Games. Especially if I had to fake a relationship for the audience at home. I can’t even do it when it’s real. So the odds would not be in my favor. Ever.
In yet another case of its kind, the producers of “Naan Avan Illai”, a hit Tamil movie in 2007, filed a lawsuit against Yash Raj Chopra alleging that their recent release "Ladies v. Ricky Bahl" was infringing the copyright belonging to the former. The Tamil Movie in itself is a remake of a 1974 movie by the same name starring superstar - Gemini Ganesan. According to Wikipedia, the 1974 version was a remake of a 1962 Marathi film and play – “To Mee Navhech”. For its part the Marathi play was based on the real life episode involving a conman Madhav Kazi, who was prosecuted and convicted by the Sholapur Sessions Court for masquerading as different men and entrapping lovely ladies to marry him. Interesting bit of trivia here: The counsel for the prosecution was Mr.G.B.Shah, father of former Chief Justice of the Delhi and Madras High Courts, Justice A.P.Shah. Even more interesting, Mr. Sushilkumar Shinde (former Union Power Minister) was the Court peon in the Sholapur Court during the hearing of the case (read here). Kazi’s conviction was upheld by the Bombay HC.
I have: good intuition and should trust it more
Girls this is my new blog and here i'm going to write things about my life, fandubs, shopping.... every thing i want to talk about
So this leads to one of the most tantalizing questions surrounding the Dutch royals: why does a homosexual prince marry the most promiscuous woman of the country who also has ties to the greatest criminal of the country whereby he looses his claim to the throne and is damned to a life of lies and secrecy about his private preferences?
Does it meet the challenge of saying what the book is about? Not directly, though the images draw on the book. Metaphorically, however, I think the design nailed the book with great precision. The novel is a noir piece, much of which nonetheless takes place in harsh sunlight. The designer managed to come up with something that is dark, and also blindingly bright. And wet, too.
Bake for 15 – 20 minutes or until crisp and golden.
And it’s really fucking hard to investigate so stop bugging us about it it’s just some weird thing jeez.
The more I think about this, the more annoyed I get about it! Now, first of all let me just say, if you haven’t figured it out yet… I am 100% PRO GLBT, I think anyone should be FREE to love and marry whomever they want as long as it is 2 CONSENTING, LEGAL, ADULT, HUMANS! And I might add it is sad that anyone has brought such stupid and ridiculous claims and arguments into this subject that it is even necessary to be so SPECIFIC and have to spell it out! I mean I saw the coverage of the fucking idiot Dr. Daniel Heimbech of the Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary saying that “if we legalize gay marriage people will think it’s okay to marry their dog or an ice cream cone”, I mean REALLY? FUCKING REALLY? Seriously… don’t get me wrong, I know oh too well how fucking stupid our country has become, hell I watch “FAUX NEWS” at times just like everyone else! And let’s not forget reality TV like oh I dunno “Jersey Shore”! But I’m pretty certain that most of us NORMAL or even semi-normal people of America can grasp the concept that while it’s OKAY for 2 men or 2 women to love each other and enter into a LEGAL and CONSENSUAL RELATIONSHIP, IE MARRIAGE it is NOT OKAY for Jim Bob to sexually assault his goat and/or marry it! I mean seriously if this is what this country has really come to then we are in a shit load more trouble than anyone cares to admit! And I’ve also heard about some freaking idiot (I think in Cali.) who claims because him and his UNDERAGE lover are gay it somehow makes it NOT pedophilia and ILLEGAL! Ummm hey buddy, gay or straight having SEX with a MINOR is sick and ILLEGAL!
Now that I am finally past all that!
#49, Ursula - you have won! - We loved your pretty card! Congratulations - you have won $6 dollars to spend in the store (see the link the the side bar) Please email me jen@jencraft.co.za with your choices!
Head- 19 in. (99%)
you’re absorbed in the landscape, white.
It was hard to watch my heroes try to smile and come up with something hopeful to say. They looked so tired.
The proportion of men who reported drinking alcohol in the seven days before interview fell from 72 per cent in 2005 to 67 per cent in 2010. Similarly, the proportion of women who reported drinking alcohol in the seven days before interview fell from 57 per cent to 53 per cent over the same period. In addition, the proportion of men who reported drinking alcohol on at least five days in the week before interview fell from 22 per cent in 2005 to 17 per cent in 2010. The proportion of women reporting drinking alcohol on at least five days in the week before interview fell from 13 per cent to 10 per cent over the same period.
Now back to the quote at the top, I try to avoid foods with preservatives for Scout. My mom and mother in law are both chocolate lovers like me. So I was actually surprised when my mom pointed out that candy is actually a very highly processed man made food filled with preservatives and chemicals that make them good for a very very very long time.
Qaradawi has established a worldwide following through television appearances and by utilizing the Internet. He was relatively quick to take advantage of the Internet, launching a site in his name in 1997. The site includes several of his fatwas supporting terror. In 2006, Qaradawi used his Web site to denounce a Danish newspaper’s cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad and declared February 3, 2006, an “international day of rage.”
Clear your mind. To do this, meditate or go for a long walk in the country, undisturbed.
Supreme Knowledge Domain is Internal Suffering's debut record, now a long lost relic of brutal Columbian death metal. This larval incarnation offers just a tiny glimpse into the over-the-top steamroller they would eventually become, relying more on Suffocation-lite chugs strung together with an endless slurry of technically muddy riffage and guttural frog-burp vocals. Kind of like Brodequin meeting early Krisiun, if I had to make some sort of retarded comparison for you. It's great. The production is completely fucked, too. All hopelessly bass-heavy with the drums way up front, while everything else struggles to make itself heard. Why do I like this so much? I don't even know. This blog sucks.
In January.
trance-endent function for Bush. Earlier in her career, she
I don’t know if I want to extend this or make the time faster but right now I want to sustain it for a while!
Continuing alphabetically, first off the rank is The Rivals of Sherlock Holmes edited by Hugh Greene who was the elder brother of Graham Greene, and Director General of the BBC from 1960 – 1969. He edited several crime anthologies and was creative consultant to the TV Series of the same name. The Penguin edition below was published in 1972.
So until today i had totally forgotten about one partcular benefit of having The Body Shop's Love Your Body Membership card - Love Your Body - The Body Shop
"The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) is the American Branch of a society which originated in England ... (and) ... believes national boundaries should be obliterated and one-world rule established." - Carroll Quigley, Professor of History Georgetown University, in his book "Tragedy and Hope".
The possible candidate also staked out key positions that will relate to social conservatives and economic populists, accusing his gay neighbors of poisoning his cereal, and calling for a moratorium on gun control and free scratch-n-win tickets for veterans. He then picked up a dirt-encrusted Pepsi can and threw it at a passerby, prompting insiders to speculate that he was feeling the can out as a potential running mate.
"An entry in the Alloa Kirk Session's Records dated 27th March, 1767, states that George Younger, born 1722, died 1788, was the founder of the firm of George Younger & Son. The earliest record is a title deed, dated 1762, in which is detailed the purchase by George Younger from one Thomas Westwood of property containing, among other things, a malt kiln and loft: property then situated on the western limits of the town of Alloa, and which is now a portion of the general offices of the Company.
They discovered me in the morgue, two national guards men sent out to search for the infected. My eyes gave me away. They had begun clouding over hours ago, the tell tail sign that I was contaminated. I heard one of them say to the other through his protective helmet. “Looks like we got another one.” They debated where best to dispose of me, like I wasn’t even in the room. I tried to tell them I was aware, please don’t kill me, but my mouth suddenly felt like it was glued shut. They closed in on me spraying me with accelerant. Fearing for my life I ran, ran before they set me on fire where I stood. My limbs felt like stiff pieces of lead, rigor was starting to set in. I searched for a place to hide. I was near the old Danvers institution. I headed for it nearly blind now. Suddenly I was falling, the ground giving away under me. I had fallen through an old well. I struggled desperately to escape clawing at the slick sides of the well trying to find a foot hold. Water and muck swirled around me sucking me under, weighing me down, sapping my strength. A dark figure cast his shadow over the opening. They had found me, trapped like a rat I pressed myself against the edge and waited for them to strike the match. There was suddenly a bright flash then the sensation of floating.
anyway, enter the ranch-style home.
Organisers: Matthew Beaumont, Warren Carter, Gail Day, Steve Edwards, Maggie Gray, Owen Hatherley, Andrew Hemingway, Esther Leslie, David Mabb, Antigoni Memou, Nina Power, Pete Smith, & Alberto Toscano.
Be sure to ask about any promotions that they may have. One promotion that many people miss is the “New Graduate” discount. This seems to imply that you have to be straight out of college to get this discount, but many dealerships allow you to get it as long as you’ve graduated in the past few years. And it won’t hurt to ask, so why not? It could shave off $500-$2000 from the total price.
A PERFECT INDIAN DISH FOR THANKSGIVING, Hot Delicious parathas in 30 minutes flat :)
This is very tied to the definition of success. There’s a very nice story…
I'm feeling pretty bad that I didn't post anything for Jacob's birthday. We did commemorate his birthday, but I was still in the early stages of whatever it is that happened to me and I wasn't able to post. I will post because this is his blog and I feel I don't talk about him enough any more.
While I was sitting there, I thought I heard a group on the overhead music that sounded like Point of Grace. I didn't focus on it too much - but sort of tuned it out until I heard the words:
Now none of this was planned out... it was just an unfortunate sangria accident, but now that I'm older and not so ambitious...........
Of her choice virtues only gods should speak,
At school, Jessica is busy being furious that her sister has the cheek to be friends with someone as boring and nerdy as Enid, and at one point even says "what if someone thought it was me hanging out with Enid?" Just to hammer the point home that Jessica is a terrible person and all. She's also got her knickers in a twist over Enid because she's somehow her competition for the Fall Dance Queen thing and Ronnie is head of the dance committee and Jessica seems to think everyone is as mental and devious as she is. I'm not quite sure what the deal is with Enid being her competition though. If pop culture has taught me anything (and it has), it's that the popular, bitchy girls are the ones that get nominated for these things. So surely Jessica's friends or the other sorority girls would have been more likely? If I was Lila Fowler I'd be all kinds of pissed off about it. So anyway, Jessica finds one of George's letters in Elizabeth's room (I DID NOT see that coming) and obviously does the most psychotic thing possible, leaving a copy of it in Ronnie's locker in an attempt to ruin Enid's life over a temporary and ultimately meaningless title.
How long is it going to take for medical doctors, who have abandoned their critical thinking skills and lost themselves in orthodoxy, to stop fooling themselves so they can accurately inform their patients about the benefits and risks of vaccination 36 37 and respect the choices their patients make? 38 39
Parmesan Crusted Chicken Picatta
I love how they came out! It smells divine in the house! This made a generous amount. Feel free to decorate however your little heart desires. I personally hate glitter with a passion, but I've got to admit it would be cute here. There's plenty left for our Christmas tree. Oh that, well...2 days after making these delightful little guys I came down with a nasty bug that had me bedridden all week and put a damper on our Christmas tree hunt. Ugh. Perhaps it was the sardine effect in the venue on what was the coldest night we can remember here in CA. Nothing says germfest like a sold out concert in December. I wound up with a fever of 102, a throat that feels like it was repeatedly raked with knives and then stuffed with large objects, a cough that wouldn't quit, stuffy sinuses and a lovely migraine to top it off. My head felt like it was counting down to explode. Today is the first day I'm feeling somewhat human again...well, a hoarse human, but human nonetheless. My knitting's been on the back burner...all I've wanted to do is sleep. I finished up Ryan's hat - he looks deliciously cute in it. I still need to get a few pics. The last thing I was working on was a super cute lacework scarf aka "Flutter."
I would not have changed a thing in the world!
So, we knew she would get out of school anywhere from 3-5.
"Gary Davis was born in Laurens, South Carolina, and was the only one of eight children his mother bore who survived to adulthood. He became blind as an infant. Davis reported that his father was killed in Birmingham, Alabama, when Davis was ten, and Davis later said that he had been told that his father had been shot by the Birmingham High Sheriff. He recalled being poorly treated by his mother and that before his death his father had given him into the care of his paternal grandmother.
It turns out "humankind's inclination towards evil" can't be eradicated. At least not this way.
“During all these years I spent in prison and then in exile, we stayed very close. I considered him to be part of my family,” said Wang, himself considered a Tiananmen hero and sent into exile in 1998 after nine years in prison.
Lv 50 – Victini (Scapegoat)
Your President, my slave becomes,
From the outside the house looks large but it isn’t until I toured the house did I realize just how large. It has 25 rooms, including seven bedrooms, seven bathrooms, an impressive grand hall, a large library, a glass conservatory, and a billiard room. Sam worked in the billiard room and according to our tour guide he kept stuff on the pool table so he wouldn’t stop writing and play pool. Apparently he was easily distracted and if the pool table was well kept and ready to play he would put down his pen. In an effort to focus he kept odds and ends on the table so it would be an effort to clean the table to play pool. Unfortunately no photographs are permitted inside the house. However, if you are in the area I would suggest this tour!
Jaipur is a popular holiday destination and capital city of Rajasthan. It is the center of rich culture and heritage of the state. Tourist will visit numbers of magnificent forts and palaces in the city related to Rajput Dynasty. Amber Fort, City Palace, Sheesh Mahal, Jaigarh and Nahargarh forts, Hawa Mahal, Jantar-Mantar Observatory, Birla Temple and Laxmi Narayan Temple are the must watch attractions on golden triangle tours in Jaipur.
and speak up.
I guess my brother is pretty satisfied with where he is now too.
Xenophon is part of a seven-member international “pre-election assessment” team asked to come up with recommendations to improve the Malaysian electoral system.
But "Black Gold" is a nice feel-good song, and Esperanza Spalding and her fro look great.
Building caustic bliss.
The Guytons started planting their food forest in 1998 on two acres of bare land in Riverton, New Zealand. This style of gardening was new to Southland so their neighbours did not approve. Now it is an established food forest with hundreds of different plant species. Fruit and nut trees, berries and herbs and wild plants all blended together in a productive and sustainable way.
Original Release: October 27 & November 3, 1963 (aired in two parts) / Running Time: 95 min. / Rating: Not Rated
Hope this has inspired you to enter our challenge and have fun and good luck cant wait to see your creations.
She survives five more such attacks before graduation and – naturally – this changes her.
A big thank-you to everyone who has made this year a good quilty one for me, and I'm looking forward to next year!
They put my father on the phone. It is 11:30 at night, and he is sitting in an ER bay waiting to go to a room. I talk loudly. I scream, actually.
7. Hope I don't sit next to a smelly fatty.
Today is the last Friday of April, so I am going to eek out my Final Friday Giveaway - ready to see what you could win?
Tom, could you come out of the closet, please?
Last year I didn't have the chance to do our family tradition of putting on Christmas music while we decorate the tree and put the various other tinsel, wreaths and ornaments around the house, because I was working in Marks & Spencer and didn't get a chance to come home until Christmas Eve. This year it looks as if I might not be able to come home for Christmas (though I don't know - I still haven't seen the Christmas rota at work), so it was nice to be able to get Christmassy with family traditions at least once this December.
"Oracle" new board
Today's card was made with more of the Well Woren DSP from SU. My image is an old one from SU as well called Noble Deer. Not sure why they ever retired this set but I love it! :)
2nd Nov 1982 Glasgow Henry Wood Hall
I would recommend this book to anyone with interest in gardening in general or roses in particular.
I'm brainstorming for a month's worth of meals to keep the ever-present dinner question at bay - that makes life so much easier, either knowing what's for dinner that night - or at least having everything to make several meals so I can just pull what I need from the freezer. I'm also thinking of a way to convert our coat closet into a storage closet with shelves, so we can get our library books and desk mess out of sight, instead of stacked in crates and trays like they are currently. Of course, the hubby has to put that one together, so it might be a while before it happens - but, I think that will make a huge difference.
I resist urges to tell people what I think they need to hear, or tell them how horrible I think they have been.
WEEK 6:
Quite obviously, all the charred stumps are one and the same model. I copypasted it, quite intentionally, and so often that it starts lagging in the editor. Looks denser than the 2D trees back in episode four did.
But then I look at the tides. I see that the tide is out and we can't go fishing, or the waves are high and we can't go surfing. These things don't give me stress and anxiety. They are beautiful and perfect, exactly as they are. Each thing we can't do means another one we can. No fishing means long walkies. No surfing means dramatic waves crashing over the pier. I don't stress about the position of the tide; I know that what I'm looking at isn't how it is forever. It's how it is now, in this moment, and it is constantly changing. In fact, the very fact of its constant flux is the most predictable thing about it!
Want something more from your photos? Do they need minor adjustments to exposure, saturation or just a tighter cropping? We do that. Want your photo to look like a watercolor, pencil sketch, or oil painting? We do that too. Want your photo to look like a photo but have a larger than life look? We can do that. Do you have a great photo, but it is slightly out of focus? We can fix that. In short, using Photoshop, Corel Painter and a host of other programs, we can transform your photo into something unique, something more than just a photograph, something that will make people ask, How did you do that?
Additional Musicians on “Stony Island Band” & “Song for Percy”:
Now I know that to most people, drinking a beer that’s almost as old as they are would be seen as a rather stupid thing to do, with worries of gut rot etc.. coming in to mind, but luckily for me though, Thomas hardy ale is famed for being a keeping beer and is often quoted with lasting for 25 years or more …which is a good thing because it is unfortunately no longer being brewed.
Gothitelle is a human-shaped Pokemon, that’s based on a the gothic lolita fasion. Desite it wearing a “dress” and looking very feminine, it can be 25% male… cross-dressers perhaps? Gothitelle is Black-exclusive, the counterpart to Reuniclus.
He was speaking the Word about how people just seem to not care how they live, or the truth that we will all stand before a Holy God.
The hutch went from factory finish cherry to this worn gray finish with blue inside the hutch. You can read about the hutch transformation here.
And there shall I stay til death.
Today I am thinking of a million things that would take years to write. Things about love, about longing, about dreams. Things about you and me.
k/ A foreigner coming Vietnam to supply consulting service on professional knowledge and technique or implement other tasks serving to research, build, appraise, monitor and evaluate, manage and process programs, projects that use Official Development Assistance (ODA) in accordance with regulations or agreements in international treaty on ODA signed between authorized Vietnam agency and foreign agency;
I'd love to see some other people's sewing areas!
framework for my first go at making a flowery
“We had the original objects, the original information.” Looking at them, junior Yeranosyan says, “you feel the same thing they felt 50 years ago.”
And there’s even more benefits! The Rails-to-Trails Conservancy, a nonprofit company that works to create hiking trails from former rail lines, has found that if Americans decided to walk (or bike) 13% of their trips that were 3 miles or less, we could remove around 9 million tons of carbon dioxide from America’s air each year. (Think of how much more flatulence cows can release!) Therefore, not only would walking improve our personal lives, but it can potentially improve the quality of living for future generations to come. So get out of your car, and walk this way!
The biggest challenges for me so far:
Lines have been written, but your script: lost.
"OK, were you parked in a handicapped space?"
Food -- She is eating EVERYTHING. We finally broke down and did a proper allergy test (blood test) and discovered she is allergic to NOTHING. She still might be lactose and gluten intolerant but its unlikely that she will carry those for much longer. With this news we opened the door to new foods and she is LOVING it. Every morning we both have eggs and toast. She would eat 4 eggs every meal if I let her. And for dinner she is able to nibble at some of what we eat. Its so fun to explore new foods with her....
A cold east wind blew up the valley so we plucked and gutted the duck inside in a flurry of feathers. Tansy and Leo chose beautiful feathers to keep and helped to pluck the downy breast feathers. They saw the scarlet, spongy lungs and the burgundy liver and heart, they saw the blood wash away, and the transformation between a soft feathered bird and an oven ready piece of meat.
back to the sewing machine and stitch that seam in place. I usually complete these first steps on all of my lengthwise seams at once before heading to the ironing board, iron a bunch of them down, and then head back to the machine to be more efficient.
12.Charlie Patton / Magnolia Blues
15 itself
Rory McIlroy: “Obviously there are memories that come back and memories you don’t want,It’s fine. I got all that out of the way. I’m looking forward to trying to put myself in contention to win this thing.”
of every place
Watching the walking bearskin rug got me thinking of a new monster!
Jane sleeping. Sorry, the hat doesn't come off! LOL
Speaking of burlap, I finally made a trim to cover the seams of the burlap shades I made last month. I was planning to buy a trim, but I could not find a thing that would work, so when I removed the burlap "ribbon" from the hydrangea living room Christmas tree, I re-purposed it to use on the lamps:
Once that was accomplished, we started to move things into G-G's house. She wanted to get the carpets cleaned in our house before moving in (I don't blame her, my kids are hard on carpets!) so we didn't move any big furniture in, just the kitchen stuff and anything that she could put into the cabinets. We did that for a week (whew!). I spent my 26th birthday (the 12th) cleaning and moving, fuuun. But Husband did take me out for dinner that night - the first time without ANY kids since way before Ellie was born! Then we finally moved our beds into the big house on that Friday (the 13th, Gah!). We had the boys spend the night with my mom because we have to put their beds back together and we wanted their room pretty well situated and done before moving them into the big house - to ease the transition as much as possible.
Rapunzel is reunited with her love as they both wander the wilderness trying to survive. Her tears and her love heal him
The one ring to rule them all, the one starring Jet Lee, the number one who wins at everything, the one who stays to the last call, the one....
Plus, if you have a craft that you would like to feature at her online store you can register online as an exhibitor for a one time $10.00 fee, which allows you to present as many items as you like for an unlimited amount of time. What do you have to lose?
Jonah puts the man onto his horse and they both ride to the nearest town, a small outfit in the middle of nowhere, ringed with a wire fence and flying a flag. As Hex nears the town armed guards confront him and he asks if they have any medicine, it appears that his passenger has the Plague. The guards inspect the man and find that he is dead. They are also curious how Jonah got past the Apache that have cut off the town from civilization. Hex replies, "Quietly".
Hey while we're at it.. lets vote in a whole new congress based on the propaganda that Obama has too much power, or the Democrats have too much power, or they're just misguided and evil or whatever. The best way to get anything done either way is to swap out a full third of the decision making body in one swoop.
12 oz Chocolate Malt
Sarawak not only contributes an enormous percentage of revenue to the federal government and to the coffers of ruling party Umno, Najib also needs the parliamentary seats from the state to cling to power.
* Introduction
Where There Is No Doctor has been translated into more than 80 languages and is used by village health workers in over 100 countries.
Thanks for joining us. Please let us hear from you on how you think we’re doing, things you would like to see and hear about from us, or any other thoughts on our apps and business that you’re interested in.
My husband and I are members of a Whisky Club.
Typos: To catch typos and omissions, I use a clean font, anything other than Times Roman. It tricks my brain into reading each word individually instead of scanning for what I think is there.
- cucumber
New week just began – we have a chance (again) to change something!
1 piece of 12 x 12 patterned paper
Well, what I really meant is, you need to make inner and outer desire crystal clear. And that is often better accomplished visually than in words. You don’t actually have to have the hero say he wants the heroine, if you describe how his world stops at the moment that he meets her (as we see done so well in Notting Hill, as I talked about last post.).
12. No Good Muthafuckers
Nuu! This site is designed to keep people updated for participation in a Flash Mob Round Dance, Saturday, July 14th, 11am, 2012. The Round Dance is a dance of ceremony, sharing and joy and is so easy to learn!!! Please click on ‘demo’ to see a round dance.
But knowing full well the price that will have to be paid, BN has already set the climate for treason against nationhood.
And that attention is the key. When you enter the room, your rank as boyfriend immediately challenges the crazy fuck up’s hold on full attention. And therefore, you are a threat. Oh she’ll buddy up to you, but she just comes off as icky. And worse, you feel kind of negatively towards your new girlfriend because you can’t believe she’s so inspired and so close with such a crazy fuck up. It feels almost like your girlfriend was describing Oprah to you and instead you met a down and out, heroin addicted Courtney Love. You just look at your date and think, “What the fuck is the matter with you?”
flapping wings, tipping tails,
What do I do?
Perhaps the pinnacle of teaching high school math is Calculus. As soon as I began teaching calculus, I remembered how much I loved the subject in college. Only now, I see it through 9 years of teaching experience. I taught the class twice this year in the fall and in the spring.
"... the innate immune proteins found in vernix and amniotic fluid are similar to those found in breast milk. As the baby prepares for extrauterine life, pulmonary surfactant (a substance produced by the maturing fetal lungs) increases in the amniotic fluid, resulting in the detachment of vernix from the skin. The vernix mixes with the amniotic fluid and is swallowed by the growing fetus. Given the antimicrobial properties of this mixture, the authors conclude that there is “considerable functional and structural synergism between the prenatal biology of vernix caseosa and the postnatal biology of
And patterns of habit are my spiritual routine–going for a run, striking a yoga pose or two, daily core strengtheners, a cup of coffee in the morning, sending a little love to my friends and family, a glass of wine after work, lighting a few candles…these all clear and lighten my mind, body, and heart to invigorate my connection to Earth.
You will be asked to choose 13 photos to fill this layout. Note that the large center photo is No. 1, and then they go across from the top row, second row, etc.
Nomination/Award Rules:
1 scrap piece of card stock in whisper white. (100730)
I got workout gear from Oysho and Adidas x Oysho shoes from my parents, really happy with that! The shoes are perfect and I love the pants, but it's better to not wear them in the gym since they would attract some attention I think ヽ(゜Q。)ノ
A quick *hello* to all my new followers as well and a wee note to say that I'm experimenting with Instagram if anyone wants to follow: baroque_boudoir
Setlist: 1:14:28
“This is my work.”
Following that is a brief confidential questionnaire that surprisingly doesn’t ask which of your credit cards you consider the luckiest, and what is the number and expiration date of that fortunate Visa. She asks if you have any major problems in your family life, feel like you were born under a bad star, have a spouse, feel lonely or misunderstood, or feel as if a spell has been cast on you. All these questions require a simple yes or no response, but there is a free-form field to write “the question that disturbs you most.” For some reason, she requires that this question be written “in capitals,” even though it’s a tiny, tiny piece of horizontal space. Again, I think she’s steering us away from certain unwanted responses, such as WHAT KIND OF FOOL DO YOU THINK I AM? and HAVE YOU SEEN YOUR MOTHER, BABY, STANDING IN THE SHADOWS?
-Jericho gets into her face and gets slapped!
Thanks again for everything. I’m so excited to share this saga with you.
"Sweet mother of pearl!"
He returned to WEWS in 1954 as their Public Service Director and Promotion Director before being promoted to Producer of all Dorothy Fuldheim programs. He took over as the One O’Clock Club Executive Producer in 1960 formatting the daily show with a live studio audience as luncheon guests.
I'm 27 weeks!!
Unexpectedly it was there, crystalclear: the existence suddenly revealed itself to me. From now on it didn't look harmless anymore. Like the safety of abstract categories. It was the stuff of which things are made, the beet of the tree was formed out of existence. The beet of the tree, the fences of the parc, the seat, the teneous grass of the lawn, all this had disappeared. The diversity of things, their own character was only an illusion, a little varnish. The varnish was gone, what was left were monstrous, weak heaps, chaotic and nude. Of a terrifying, obscene nudity.
Opponents warn that towns run a major risk of defaulting when competing against Wall Street-backed industries. In addition to contending against Time Warner Cable, the state’s dominant cable provider with 1.7 million customers, government broadband networks would also have to compete against satellite services, AT&T’s U-verse where it’s offered, and the expected spread of Internet-streaming services.
02 Novelty
The sun was gone, then, leaving us in the dark. I got up and turned on a light. She lay silently with her face pressed into the pillow; I pulled the sheet back, and the dark pink stripes across her ass showed angrily over the lighter pink field where my hand had landed.
We successfully rescued the two chickens we could find and then searched around his yard and his neighbour's yard to find the last and possibly injured chicken. We had to give up though.
“I hear they are doing nice things for people. Why not vote for them?” said her husband, 79-year old Andreas Karoussis.
159 rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine, 11th
I used to think people did these sort of things out of a misdirected desire for connection, maybe that it’s true for some people and to some extent, but that certainly isn’t the only motive. These men don’t only pick up lonely women. They are often as successful with women who have boyfriends as with women who are unattached. I doubt all of those women really thought it would be or even wanted it to be more than a one night stand, if they’re really honest with themselves. I think sometimes we allow ourselves to be picked up because it affirms our sexuality and our sex appeal. We also need to feel like that person is worth being wanted by, thus the need for PUAs to come off as a “alpha males.” There wouldn’t be anything affirming about being seduced by a weak or pathetic man.
Ain’t Gonna Bump with no Big Fat Woman…Joe Tex
Chuck Colson isn’t the only person who faithfully served God. We all know someone who tirelessly ministers where God put them. They may not be well known like Chuck Colson, but God knows them. He sees their service. They may be pastors, missionaries, ministry workers or people who serve in secular jobs.
In a pan, dry roast jeera and mustard seeds separately. Keep aside.
October 19 – Maverik Center, Salt Lake City, UT
Jen was all about Etsy when it came to finding unique items for Alice's nursery, like this custom handmade quilt. The patterned patches of teal, aqua, grey & lemon yellow work so harmoniously together.
In this life I've been lucky to live where artists flourish, and been blessed with an appreciative eye. Our home is a rich pasticcio of colors, textures, sounds, smells - an ongoing and precious narrative of so many things - books, music, movies, photographs, fascinating art, spirited conversation, fresh baked bread, incense, flowers, laughter, tears. . .
We have the technology to do this.
Every other colour of the boots went on sale except the black. Finally, a few days ago, these went on sale for $105. But only size 11 is left…
It's practically inhumane not to stop for tea.
Apparently in response to the “May Day” celebrations for workers sponsored by Communists, Pius XII instituted the feast of St. Joseph the Worker in 1955. But the relationship between Joseph and the cause of workers has a much longer history.
(From My Nature Journal: February 11, 2012)
The cruelty and blood lust of the mau mau, and that which occurred in the Belgian Congo a decade later, were a foretaste of the horrors which have been visited upon the white population of South Africa in the 15 years since the end of the much reviled but, by comparison, relatively bloodless Apartheid. An aptitude for cruelty is nothing new in Africa, it has lurked at its dark heart for many centuries.
The realization that my beloved wonder-child was not perfect rocked my world. It helped me to quit being so smug and judgmental of other people’s parenting, to consider that other people struggle in ways we cannot see, and to be more accepting when baby #2 came around with her own distinct personality.
Roses, climbing, entwining, intermingling. When I was studying in England I loved the concept of two vines are better than one. You would see a glorious climber like this one above clambering towards the sun while in a deep passionate "hug" with a morning glory vine.......can't you just picture that?
Unfortunately our Jack Russel Terrier, Wishbone and our Miniature Pincher(MinPin), Sophie would love to have my sweet chicks for breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner so I really need to keep an eye on things. Have big plans of fencing in my coop and veggie beds soon.
To find my moral compass has stopped flickering and to see it pointing in the right direction,
Talk to you tomorrow.
To sign up:
What I had no clue about were the restrictions placed on Helen Keller the person. She was never allowed to go anywhere alone (probably a good idea considering….) she couldn’t really have friends outside of her circle which always included Anne and, unfortunately occasionally her mother and she certainly couldn’t go out with a man. I also didn’t know that Anne had married a man who took most of Helen’s money and left Anne for another woman. I was astonished that no one ever mentioned Peter Fagan - Helen’s love and lover.
So why would I be a euro fanatic.
Forever my lovelies,
1) Stir fry the stripped breast in 1 tbsp of olive oil on medium heat until lightly browned and cooked. Then remove from pan.
Damien blankly stared back, unsure he heard right.
Fourth, the less expensive jewelry items that the chain stores peddle become de rigueur. A few years ago, I went into work after the Christmas holidays and almost every married woman had a necklace with a circle pendant with diamonds on it. They were different sizes and so forth, but they were everywhere.
This California Chaos regarding budget issues is caused by a Hollywood style of two men, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Antonio Villaraigosa, who caused a Financial Disaster in the Gold Rush State.
The symbolism of the clenched fist: During the Iranian Revolution, the clenched fist was introduced as a symbol of resistance and upheaval. It was a clear sign of opposition and a call for liberation that had its origins in many other parts of the world. The fist can also stand for people’s unity. Much as the fingers of one hand are brought together to give one person much greater impact, all individuals who stand up holding a clenched hand signify their force as a whole: united they stand. The clenched fist can easily transgress its liberating expression by becoming a means of violent punishment and then serving its role as a weapon of oppression. This dual use of the fist indicates the fine line between liberation and oppression.
Toure said that governments must “regard the internet as basic infrastructure – just like roads, waste and water.”
No voice,
Now - that time has passed - I'm back.
If your a resident of The City,The Guildhall is where Registry Office marriages are held . I guess this was a pretty "far-out" wedding by City standards!
Buddhist water ceremony
First off it poured much lighter than I was expecting... not sure why I figured it would be more brown, but its pretty light and hazy. Almost no head to be found on a fiarly heavy handed pour.
In the video, Administrator Armendariz says:
Diana Gabaldon's Jacobite hero, Jamie Fraser has been my guilty pleasure for many years. This is not one of the 'main' novels about him, but rather covers the years when he is employed as a groom in the Lake District after he is released from prison. I'm not, in general, such a fan of the spin-off series about Lord John Grey, but the moment I heard that Jamie featured largely in this one, I knew I would be hooked, and how right I was. You know how satisfying it is when an author fills in backstory details about one of your favourite characters? Well, that. The writing here is as good as the early books, and I'd recommend it as a morsel to satisfy those of us who are waiting hungrily for Diana to give us the big finish of Jamie's series sometime in the distant future! If you haven't yet encountered the Outlander books, then do read the first two at least before you delve into this one. I promise you're in for a treat. Go and buy them immediately (but only if you like historical romance with a bit of time-travel thrown in, and a seriously adult hot hunk of kilted wonderfulness). Told you it was a guilty pleasure!
He even discovered a chronic illness that had so far gone undiagnosed. Inflammatory markers present in Smarr’s blood worried him, so he had parts of his genome sequenced and discovered a predisposition toward inflammation. As a next step, he had a colonoscopy.
And then it was time to pack up the harp
Another birthday has come and gone and this one was a very special one for me, a milestone birthday. Being the lucky girl that I am, my thoughtful hubby planned an extra special weekend away to celebrate together. My actual birthday night was a quiet night at home with my hubby and a bottle of our favourite champagne, the rose, for an extra special touch to celebrate my birthday.
I’ve just finished a historical novel about a childhood friend of Mary Shelley’s, whose husband went mad, so for a long time I’ve been immersed in research about the enlightenment and the beginnings of psychiatry. Now, though, I’m back to women’s literary lives – I’ve started research for another non-fiction book, this time looking at literary muses of the early twentieth century. I think there’s a huge story to be told about some very different women who were all cast as muses to great writers (whether they wanted to be or not). Zelda Fitzgerald, Nora Barnacle, Vivienne Eliot, Vita Sackville West, Alice B Toklas are just five of the eleven women I’m researching. My argument is that they rebelled against the limitations of the ‘muse’ role – how they rebelled and what that did to them is part of the story.
Summer, the season for sequels, has officially arrived. Those mobs at the cineplexes who have turned out to see The Hangover 2 or Cars 2 have not gone unnoticed by yer Cousin Curly. It seems that today’s perspiring public wants nothing more than, well, more of the same, and who am I to argue? In this spirit, I offer up the following summer bluegrass blockbuster…
In the words of that song:
LAZARUS, along with his faith in “What” and “Who” was calling him,…had to put forth “effort!” He had to act on his want to get OUT OF THE HOLE HE WAS IN! (wow, I have felt that way too!!!),…
We only have a couple of inches on the ground, but it makes for a nice change in the landscape of my life here at the old manor house on the hill.
Genre documentary
However the story itself is rather less benign (as if a boycott of Israeli goods, even from settlements, could be benign) than the headline would lead us to believe. (Emphases are mine).
This pregnancy has actually been a lot easier than my first one. I haven't been quite as sick and believe it or not, my belly hasn't gotten quite as big!
These whole-grain crackers are delicious and stay crisp for months in the freezer. Bake them as squares or circles. You can use any of your favorite seeds — caraway, fennel and sesame are my favorites. This is a favorite among teen vampires and their friends never know the difference.
Everyone has their route that they know is going to kick their ass. While running, we think “I need to do this more often,” but we then shy away for awhile because honestly, it sucks.
I am also finding solace in decorating blogs/inspiration/online shopping/envisioning a well-put-together home. The online shopping may not be good for my pocket-book, it is good for my bottom line – I’m not eating as much! And I am really seeking out bargains, like waiting for Target to discount the large apothecary jar I have my eye on (I purchased the medium one for 75% off – it cost me only $4.24!!!) I am taking pleasure in paying less for more, which is a new direction for me (although, I guess DSW has whetted my appetite!)
Last night I finished the stitching. The one on the left, I printed a reverse image on the back with my printer, instead of tracing the design. It worked great. I used only black ink and I have run a sample piece through the washing machine and the ink did not bleed or run. The one on the right I used Transfer Ease. I still need to rinse it out, and then I'll let you know how it worked. My question for you is this~~ would you make little wall hangings or small pillows with them? I always get to this point and then can't decide how to finish them! Any ideas would be greatly appreciated!~ and no, I am not letting them leave my house, LOL :-)
I really should have called this post Friday Frustrations, but I promised myself I'd stay positive on Friday, so I'll leave my frustrations until Monday. Hopefully by then they'll disappear.
Particular on-line hold’em sites make deductions out of your poker rakeback complete should you redeem poker points in their retailer, enter a freeroll tournament together with your poker points, or participate inside a tournament by having an overlay. Additionally some sites make rakeback deductions if there is a processing charge on your deposit or withdrawal. Ultimately, most, it not exclusively, poker sites deduct any bonus quantity you distinct from your poker rakeback complete also.
They look up, with their pale and sunken faces,
As I read through the recipe, I noticed it called for culinary lavender, which is used in the icing. If your local specialty grocery store doesn't carry it, you can find it on-line. I ordered mine from Amazon HERE!
Marilyn J. Sorensen, Ph.D., author of “Breaking the Chain of Low Self-Esteem” and clinical psychologist in Portland, Ore., explains how such disorders originate.
for want of a shoe the horse was lost;
Sex linkage?
I spent all day up at the nursing school in CPR training class. It's a requirement for entering the upper-division sequence and rightly so. Healthcare workers take a more intensive form of the class, hence the eight hour length and my classmates and I were lucky to have a fellow nursing student as an instructor. Her stories and explanations were great.
Our researches into Musa Aman’s management of Yayasan Sabah corroborates the information that the Chief Minister has been ‘maximising the squeeze’ on Sabah’s remaining forest areas to get as much logging done as possible. We have numerous examples of formerly protected areas being handed out in concessions.
We were all so pleasantly surprised! It was rich tasting and had a heavy creamy after taste, but both my sister and I agreed it didn’t leave our stomachs feeling heavy like a traditional Alfredo usually would. Although it isn’t healthy by any means, it might be a small step up due to the lower fat content and lack of animal fats. Who knows… I’m no nutritionist. I’m sure about one thing though: it definitely earns top marks in the flavor department!
Kraft Cardstock - Recollections
Which would make you misguided and lost, but we'll just stop there with the assumptions.
Mandy Slater – Emergency Service #1
As I see and hear of parenting like this, I am struck by several things:
Now, That bad boy retails at a financially crippling (if you're a college kid like me) $795.
So speaking of North Jersey and traveling. . . I'm back on the road for work. I started another blog to document where I'm at and what I've found on my work-centered voyages throughout the country. Most will be beer/food-centric, as actual "tourist time" will be little, if any at all. Please bear with me over the next few weeks getting it set up and such, but I'm planning on posting about what little gems I've found while out for work. Definitely more to come, so check it often. I'm going to link the first few post and such to this site keep you all up to date.
36Truly I would take up the book in my hands; it would be to me as a crown;
(Somewhere out there are 1000 WOMEN trying to file a super injunction so Bill Roache can never reveal THEIR names)
(2) Psychological stress and psoriasis: experimental and prospective correlational studies. Gaston L; Crombez JC; Lassonde M; Bernier-Buzzanga J; Hodgins S Psychiatry Department, McGill University, West Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Acta Derm Venereol Suppl (Stockh) (SWEDEN) 1991, 156 p37-43 Can psychotherapy help patients with psoriasis? Price ML; Mottahedin I; Mayo PR Department of Dermatology, Brighton Health Authority, Sussex, UK. Clin Exp Dermatol (ENGLAND) Mar 1991, 16 (2) p114-7
For example, since my adolescence involved a lot of Harry Potter and a good deal of Billy Joel, certain of his songs inevitably bring Sirius Black to mind. The man who enchanted an ordinary motorbike to fly would most certainly sing You May Be Right to whatever witch caught his fancy. On reaching the English/wizarding drinking age (whichever comes first), he would indubitably act like a Big Shot. And when his friends demand to know why he did such stupid things, his defense would sound an awful lot like I Go to Extremes.
It snowed three inches today. My tulips which are almost a foot tall and budding are completely covered with snow and we are supposed to get a hard freeze tonight. GRR.
There also other more sophisticated views, which perhaps depict the situation more realistically. Some pundits predict that in the event of a Pakatan win, Najib, Mahathir and Daim are bound to rush off to the Palace to beg the King to grant them control of Parliament on the basis that Umno is the political party with greatest number of seats, and Pakatan cannot be considered because it is not a registered coalition.
At his press conference, José Mourinho affirmed that he will continue to coach Real Madrid “if the club wants that. My body asks me to continue and try once again… my feeling is that the group has space to grow. The club also has space to grow, in my opinion. If the club believes that I can continue bringing something to the table and the boys also think that, then my feeling is that yes, I’m going to continue.”
Fatale #4
musing over time
I know I haven't been updating this blog lately, but this needed to be documented. You're welcome in advance.
The house is still totally torn apart with this remodel and I am trying to get stuff put away but I just don't know where to put everything -- and I really don't feel like it! Why can't a crew show up at my door ready to take over, send me on vacation for a week and let me come back to a completely renovated and redecorated house? Where's my extreme home makeover? Oh, right -- I don't have a terminal disease or comparable sob story. Yeah, yeah, I'm grateful and all, but why can't I be visited with such great fortune? Nope, instead we have to give the credit card a major workout and earn all this so-called "sweat equity." Sweat equity sucks!
The Office stressed that they are not attempting to set a per se limit on the number of continuing applications. Rather, the rule amendments simply require applicants to show that later-filed applications in a multiple-continuing chain are necessary to claim the invention and do not contain unnecessarily delayed evidence, arguments, or amendments.
So I am looking forward to pushing ahead in 2012. Best wishes to all of you in the New Year. Thanks for all your comments and views of my blog. You keep me motivated. Thank you for all your support.
A Return to Love by Marianne Williamson has been staring at me literally for the past two years now, I say staring at me, because it has her lovely face on the cover and I had been dutifully ignoring it. You know what self-help books are like…just give me the next Stieg Larsson.
Shadia Wright, 24, was pulled over by cops as she was driving to Aberdeen to deliver the Class A narcotics. Three Birmingham men connected to a West Midlands Yardie gang were also in her Lexus.
The idea that you are going to push them out in some form by simply saying they can’t go get a job — I think the grandmother is still going to be here. All I want to do is to allow the grandmother to be here legally with some rights to have residency but not citizenship, so that he or she can finish their life with dignity within the law.
"I don't believe in God," said William. It was the wrong thing to say. Even Mrs. Conroy looked startled."
Moisten the rim of a martini glass with lemon juice and then dunk into the raspberry powder - gently twisting the glass to form the crusted edge.
An idiot plot (warning: TV Tropes link) is defined as a “Plot that hangs together only because the main characters behave like idiots. A single intelligent move or question by any of the characters, and all problems would be resolved.” This movie is the very definition of an “Idiot Plot”. The characters all act stupid for no reason whatsoever, and Ranjeet (let me repeat that, Ranjeet) is the voice of reason who resolves everything by actually not being an idiot in the whole mess.
It had been an eventful weekend. She had been up late on Friday and Saturday with no nap on Saturday or Sunday. Saturday we had people over to celebrate my birthday. She was over tired, over stimulated, and I should have known it was coming.
CHAPMAN GB, COUPS EJ. Emotions and Preventive Health Behavior: Worry, Regret, and Influenza Vaccination. Health Psychology 2006; 25: 82-90.
Aren’t you thankful it comes but once a year,
my intention with zbrush is somewhat unusual, i want use it as a tool in my woodcarving projects. a tool for designing, and a tool for taking measurements for the actual carving… if you like to see my woodcarvings, please visit my homepage. if you are interested in learning how these carvings are made, please visit my woodcarving blog.
Not for profit or redistribution
Betty waved her free hand carelessly in the air as if to brush the painful thoughts away. “But I know you wanted to be a good Texas girl and marry a good Texas boy and have babies and run a family like your folks did. However, dear girl, then you got real lucky, didn’t you?”
If Saturday evenings brings "soul flu" to this pastor, Sunday brings healing. It's amazing to me the relief and joy that I feel the moment I'm with the people from our congregation. Even before the pressure of delivering the sermon is relieved, the presence of the people at our church brings me joy.
I decided to come to San Francisco originally because I have family here, and it was about as far away from college as I could get without needing a passport. When I came back in 1998, I lived with my aunt while I looked for an apartment, no small task during the dot com boom. I finally landed a place in Hayes Valley and got a job in South Park that gave me a front row seat to the rise and fall of the startups. It was a spectacular time to be young in San Francisco.
Oh, but what happens when you say you won’t cater to the needs of the very rich (like say Obama caters to Soros, Buffett, GE, GM, Hollywood) you get ignored by the media because that would point out how their golden boy is the worst supporter of this evil since LBJ (a man who when he had brought his party down had the class to not run again).
Marital Status:
I'm pondering why I kept my reaction to myself. Perhaps it's because Jack kept talking and I didn't want to interrupt the epiphany he was having.
He said an investigation was needed to see if this was the case, and blamed the weapon losses on "poor management and control" in the SANDF.
“It was a violent, disproportionate, dirty reaction,” he said. “I hadn’t even discovered anything new, only confirmed conclusions that others had reached.”
it was
Your in-laws: If they are teetotalers, a bottle of non-alcoholic cider. If they have been known to indulge, at 250 mL bottle of a Russian Imperial Stout, or a barley wine. Tell them that it is not for immediate consumption, rather it is to be saved and savored at another time. There are affirmative a psychological reasons for offering it that way. Believe me...
I am absolutely disgusted. What conceivable reason is there to include charges of using child soldiers, but NOT include charges of widespread sexual violence?
The most recent report from the Bank of England on the state of the UK economy suggested that it will take longer to recover than the similar report three months ago suggested. We are warned of a choppy ride ahead. There was some good news also as in the last quarter the number of unemployed fell by 49,000 which is the biggest drop in three years. The total number of people employed rose by the largest amount since 1989. There has also been a fall in the number of houses repossessed as a result of the owner being unable to make their mortgage repayments.
because it was the only job
I think some people think too much.
We have a duty to support all peoples against oppression. Where a people seek to argue for their own self-determination, we have a duty to support their right to put forward that case, free from intimidation and aggression from other states, but we have no absolute duty to support such a demand ourselves. On the contrary, where the interests of the working class internationally are weakened by such a struggle we should say so, and argue against it, and for workers unity across borders.
You might know G & A from seeing it on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. That's where we first heard about it. They're known for their Coney Island hot dogs and sliders, as well as for being around for a long, long time (since 1927, to be exact). So even after filling up on souvlaki, baklava, and loukoumades, we decided to stop in to G & A on the way back just for a little bite.
So I still let out a self-conscious chuckle and went about my business.
Coffee ice cream is my all time favorite one. So when ever we go to my favorite creamery near my house I used to order the coffee sundae. They mix-up salted almonds, toffee and caramel sauce to coffee ice cream. YUM! YUM!
She loves to sing! She can sing most of her ABC's! She learned it from a game on the iPad, I know she's a little obsessed with that thing. I was so shocked when I heard her singing it for the first time! She also loves the songs, "Twinkle Twinkle," "If You're Happy and You Know It," "Popcorn Popping," and "The Itsy Bitsy Spider" and knows all of the actions to them! I love to hear her sing! Even if she doesn't know the words to a song she's still pretty good at humming the tune to it, so I can recognize what song she is singing.
-always crafty things going on
Scene: My office. Kerri walks in to scout the snack cupboard.
Salamander Energy plc, Natural Gas Production 18
Next time you ask someone to do something for you, think first about how much scope you can give that person to create their own solution to the problem. Start with a simple activity but the same rules apply when you need to implement a complete reorganisation.
Anachoka. She begs me to go back up, topples over and lies back with her head dangling over the the foot of the bed. I pull her a foot or two back into bed and go missionary on her. I pump her so hard she hooks her feet round the back of my knees and bites her lower lip. I cum. She takes a quick glance at the condom as I pull out and dashes out for the pussy sprinkling ritual…
What is the right amount of promotion? I send a few tweets if I have a book out (if I remember), and I tell my Facebook friends once (ditto). I very, very rarely mention it in any of the online groups I'm part of. I know I do too little promotion, and my publishers probably grumble. I don't like it. I don't do school visits, either, or readings. At the other end of the spectrum are the couple of (male) writers I unfollowed the other day. They send several tweets a day about their latest book. And at least one of these books has been out for *weeks*. Get over it, guys! Write another book - that will take your mind off it and keep your fingers busy.
Hit Walmart...yep, no Starbucks or McDonalds, but old Sam Walton's figured out the Guiyang market. Odd place...completely underground. I asked why, they guide told me the rent was cheap.
Los Angeles/St. Louis – 5-2 Kings
Lots of friends come to see us at the office. We love when people visit!
I had my own surprise for those in attendance. I gave my multi-paragraph thank you speech in German. Given that I don't speak German, this was quite a challenge. I couldn't have done it without the saintly assistance of my friend Renee. I wrote out the speech and then she translated it. But even more importantly, she taught me how to pronounce the words, and she endured rehearsal after rehearsal, including one a half hour before I left for the ceremony.
If you’re undecided then perhaps download the trial and then make a decision. This is exactly the route I took. It ultimately led to the purchase of the season pass but i’m 100% sure I won’t live to regret the purchase. Money well spent in my eyes.
As a teacher, a teacher who was teaching said boring class, even I struggled at times to stay awake.
I listened to the local news talk about the clean up of the debris from last weeks storm but throuhout Prospect and Crown Heights, Clinton Hill and Bedford-Stuyvesant I still see several trees and heavy limbs dangling like Damocles. Every day since last week I become more concerned about the possibility of inadvertent death resulting from inaction.
Jeff Chiu / AP
FORTIES CLUB
After a total attitude adjustment, his family is baffled by the changes in him. Even Courtney himself is amazed at who he used to be. He is constantly wondering why he was running like a pack of wolves were on his heels, without luck, and it doesn’t help that his girlfriend seems to know more than she’s telling.
