Yellow teeth gleamed. "Hello, Samantha. Hi, Abigail. And Mr. Liffey, of course. My... you've kept me waiting for a long, long time."
In contrast, if you attend oral proceedings before a first instance division (e.g. examination or opposition), the official set of minutes you receive should, in theory at least, be reasonably explicit in outlining the discussion which took place and the major points made by each party. (The IPKat leaves it his readers to comment on whether they believe the practice matches the theory.) The official policy at least, which most divisions abide by, is that the first instance divisions should keep detailed minutes. The official policy of the Boards themselves is that they need not.
My ingenious husband came up with the idea of using the vacuum hose to get the water into the pool rather than the hose (don't worry, we cleaned it) ;)
The Central Italian Food, which includes the delectable Lasagna, Tortellini and Ham, and also a wide variety of pasta recipes, served on with flavorful sauces.
Then Fly, Fly Away.
I'm sure your familiar with those ooey gooey sugary marshmallow treats that appear on store shelves around Easter and other holidays. Peeps. While I am not a big fan of them, my children love them. Every time my grandparents visit they bring a box for them to dig into. Just like they did this weekend. And they brought two boxes of little yellow bunnies. In case you didn't know, yellow is Just Born's (the company that manufacturers them) bestselling color of these confections.
Excuse Me, you have something in your teeth and The Carolyn and Joe Show are hear to save you from the embarrassment before its too late. This week, the talking riot of Joe and Carolyn, bring a honest and truthful conversation about letting people know something is just not right, like your boob happens to be hanging out, like there’s something in your teeth, like your fly is down, OR WORST, and how it makes us feel when people do nothing about it. PLUS MORE. Enjoy!
Sigh. It is amazing how we women ignore our bodies and instincts. Once I figured all of this out, I had a good laugh at my stupidity and once again was reminded that "life is one long lesson in humility." And to top it all of, this damn pill isn't even covered by my insurance. Essentially, I have been paying out of pocket to feel like crap. Silly, Supernana.
The European Union understood how important it was for diverse people to be able to come together in an economic unit. We only — not only have to come together as an economic unit, but the threat of terrorism, the threat of Iran now in Venezuela and in other places, and Cuba and in Nicaragua, the threat of radical Islam growing in that region — is it important for — it’s absolutely important for us to have a president who understands that threat and understands the solution is closer ties. I will visit that area of the world, repeatedly, to solidify those ties when I become president.
-Punk fights off Jericho on the top and hits the Macho Man elbow for a 2 count.
Irritation at every object;
"Unschooling isn't about parental rights. It's about children's rights. A childs right to choose their own path in life, with the support and assistance of parental or other care-giving figures in their life." June
2 tsp finely chopped garlic
If nothing else, this whole experience will replace the golf course for me as a source of writing fodder.
I think the part that impressed me the most was how Lauren figured out that the first boy needed the yoga FIRST, and the second boy needed the yoga LAST. It was pleasing to know that these children were being helped with the Radiant Child Yoga, and that the therapist understood how to “follow the child” as my hero, Maria Montessori, would always say. Not only did she follow the child, but she designed the yoga class to follow the child, to give the child the experience of his own innate power. What a gift to carry over into those children’s lives! Can you imagine? A 9-year old child having the experience of simple tools to feel better, to come to center, to know that he is just fine as he is?
1 c. shredded Cheddar cheese
Fun fun and more fun
LLL: Pee and tea.
■ Opens flat for easy access
This is particularly exciting for me as I grew up on a heavy dose of Sherlock Holmes. My father and I, on many occasions, lounged around the living room as Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce graced the TV screen (and we still do from time to time). So, this is a dream come true. Thanks Roy!
So I used dome scraps from Nana's box it is a paper stack called
__Created by such prominent Ukrainian goldsmiths, as Ivan Ravych, Matviy Narunovych, Ivan Atanazevych, Semen Taranovskyi, Fedir Levytskyi at the end of the 17th – middle of the 18th century the works of the cult art are the triumph of the Ukrainian baroque and demonstration of practically unlimited possibilities in application of different jeweller techniques.
Imagine the roller coaster ride that the readers are put on, when a money conscious, traditional Tamil family blends in with the forever-partying-and-drowning-in-whiskey Punjabi family!
but she is the most precious girl and so full of
I hope Mr Cameron realises the shear number of people that he's disenfranchising by aligning himself to the superstitious community in such a binary way like this, it's a show-stopping issue for many people in this country including myself.
Ah, well.
Here’s to the brave and the free!
a Rupert annual for ages!
Why The Choice Of Bicycle Seat Is So Crucial For Your Biking Enjoyment
He couldn’t possibly go anywhere else. Till he did.
I was taught as a child not to brag. When I was about 10 years old, I was going home with my brother and talking about my report card marks to him. His friend overheard and asked, "Are you smart?" I announced "YES!"at the same time that my brother said, "Yeah, she's smart." When I relayed that conversation to my mother, I was instructed not to talk about myself and my smarts; it was for other people to talk about. My brother was proud of me and answered on my behalf. That should have been enough.
Add patties and cook for 4 min on each side or until done.
Total Weight Gain/Loss: +15 lbs. Tomorrow I will find out how much more. I'm nervous.
One of the cool things about Reggie is that he shimmers! My friend Sara passed on a Daniel Smith watercolor sample sheet and I was excited to find Iridescent Sapphire and and Duochrome Cabo Blue to make his neck feathers show off like a real pigeon. I also used Pearlescent Shimmer over my red paint on the postage stamp to tie it all together. He is perched on our mail box with the rolling hills of Iowa behind him.
So today we had the usual seminar things - workshops and the like - and then this afternoon we indulged in the national sport of France - cycling. Ninety of us left the hotel on bikes for an 8km ride around nearby villages. We were organised into teams of 8 or 9 and asked to complete a course, do a bike riding agility test and find clues etc. You get the idea - teambuilding stuff. I am pleased to report that as the only Australian I felt I represented my country well by being the quickest female through the agility course!
As any professional lady will tell you, kissing is more sensual and personal than mere fucking, which confirms my thinking - that we communicate more with a long kissing session than in a straightforward shag. Okay, maybe not, but it's certainly more subtle than all the reproductive stuff. Let's face it, all shagging is variations of thrusting and grinding, but kissing is infinitely more nuanced.
Then I called the main airport, pressed zero as my option and found out that the way most airlines work is that we caregivers need to go to the actual desk at least two hours ahead of time and explain this to someone. I am going wayyyyyy ahead of time--days before--to talk to someone at United in person.
That goes against sound conservative economic theory, particularly, the Washington Consensus, that have always favored the business sector, with a healthy and strong financial system and liberal regulations to lower business expenses.
Ladies please contact me for your chance to be a Guest Bar-Tender and help us debut our next challenge!
"The Haunted Hamburger" in Jerome.
As a member of the Greek community at the University of Missouri, I pride myself on contributing to campus life and society through philanthropic events with sisters I have grown to love and respect. From the day I accepted a bid card, I became part of a larger group than myself, and quickly learned that the way I choose to represent myself also reflects the way I choose to represent my sorority.
Vienna airport has yet to master the art of not making a drama out of a crisis. It’s old, poorly signed, too small, expensive, no that wrong it’s VERY expensive, it’s tired, outdated, disorganised and frankly the very worst big city airport I’ve ever travelled through. Yes there was a major weather event in progress, but the Viennese just didn’t have a backup plan. I hope they read this at government level. Do what the Berliners have just done, build a brand new one and move all and sundry there.
I used the three-act structure to write 'Heaven Can Wait'; the morning I woke up with the idea, I started looking for what the initial problem is, how to make it worse, and how to solve it. It worked fine, mainly because structurally, 'Heaven Can Wait' isn't very complicated, and that gave me lots of room to make the characters interesting and the world rich.
Apologies now for this extra long post that's because i'm celebrating my birthday this month (24th July) to be exact and would like to share the excitment with my fellow followers and blog buddys! with a little candy! But...... before we do that.....
The KIRO report cited an unnamed U.S. government contractor who worked extensively with the Secret Service advance team in San Salvador before Obama’s trip there in March 2011.
When Iosif is dragged from his family home in the dead of night he loses everything, sent to a hard labour camp in Siberia he cannot contemplate a future. Day by day he witnesses the devastating affect the camp has on inmates and the rare likelihood that anyone will survive their sentence to have a future outside of the camp once more. Can anything make him consider any kind of future again?
That was the way things were.
Known for the collagen and medicinal purposes this Chinese delicacy takes some getting use to. I just can’t get my head wrapped around the idea of eating chicken feet that have been tromping around in the muck and grime of a chicken coop, but I tried one anyway.
25. The Breakdowns-The Kids Dont Wanna Bop Any More (Rock Indiana)
Enter Doom Rider, by David Gatward. Look at this fantastic cover and tell me that doesn't make you think you're in for one awesome read.
The ceiling fan is great when the weather gets a bit hot, and it also helps keep mosquitoes away. We also added outdoor speakers, which you can see above the windows. We recently added an old shelf that had been sitting our basement. It is tucked behind the sofa is great for storing some of the things we like to keep outside, including some of Luna's things.
Giovanni Tiso / Six Inches to a Mile / 80
I think I may just do it.. A lot can happen in 30 days...
Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro
I wanted to put the finishing touches on my studio today so I can finish a few projects and get into creating some art once again, but it will wait, I still very much enjoy my space for what it is, it's my haven...things can easily just melt away here, whether I'm reading an art book, writing, surfing the net or just sitting quietly...
A quick overlook into Roman Society gives the audience an intimate look at the way gender roles were defined in the patriarchal system. “There was always a campaign going on, always a war to be fought.” The female warrior seems to have been defined in many ways in Roman history, one example being the Amazons. They are described in many ways as notable warriors but also as “man-eaters.” The Amazons represented a sort of Anti-Roman society, everything about them being against what Romans believed was correct in society. At the same time, they were acknowledged as worthy opponents for the Romans.
Banana bread was my contribution for breakfast today,
I am sure you all agree that blogging has created a wonderful opportunity to meet many new friends from all over the world and how wonderful it is to actually bond and build amazing friendships with people we would never have thought we could possibly ever meet.
I’ve been sitting at the computer, stumped now, for several minutes, unable to think of ANY coherent way to start this one. What am I supposed to say? What kinds of words could even begin to describe the sheer insanity of this film? It is a nonsensical and blundering piece of hack work with so little logic and thought put into it that it becomes a virtual black hole of anything forgivable. Moldy, stale, rat-bitten 80s cheese has never before been seen before the awe-inspiring ludicrous crap and a half depths of THE STUFF.
Level 1: MP Cost: 30, Duration: 10 seconds.
So, going against our usual cleavage enhancing rules we went along with this in our MM designs.
super glue
toasted pumpkin oil
TIPS: When you screw on the legs, you’ll have to carefully pre-drill some holes for the screws, but make sure you don’t drill too far as you’ll go right through the wood! Secondly, the wood will NOT be level. This makes it a bit trickier to make the legs level and you will need a small level and some shims to adjust accordingly until it is straight. Also, try not to drill where the live edge is because that is usually the thinnest part of the wood. If you don’t have live edge on your wood, this will make the job a lot easier.
Wednesday I kept her home (this is the 3rd day in three weeks due to this damn diarrhea). It will stop for two days, but just keeps going on and on. The doctor was useless and I had to strongly suggest to test the stool samples I brought. Thursday she was good, but Friday had a massive, diaper filling soft stool (she is potty trained, but I have her back in diapers because she cannot control this diarrhea). I called her allergist and they didn't think it sounded like a food intolerance. When we went to the ER in Maine, they thought it sounded just like a food intolerance. I'm afraid it is celiac or something. She hasn't grown much in the past year and actually lost 1.5 lbs at her three year visit. She has been diarrhea free this weekend but I guarantee it will be back tomorrow. Oh, all the stool samples (culture, CDiff, gram stain, etc) were all negative.
The state is run for the benefit of the very rich, the very poor and public employees. As a result, population growth has slowed as younger people and businesses are pushed out. ...
Alternately, take your whiskey education a bit further and attend a guided whiskey dinner. In San Diego, Nathan Bochler of Zanzibar Café is hosting a dinner revolving around the whiskeys of High West Distillery March 11 and Westgate Hotel is putting together a Whiskeys of the World pairing dinner March 30. Details are in the UT article.
This point, where you have the compelling image and some odd bits and pieces of a story is usually the point where beginning writers plunge in and start writing, carried away with the desire to see What Happens Next. If that works for you, fine. But a lot of the emails I get come from young people who've had this AWESOME IDEA OMG and started writing right away and then got lost after a few chapters and now they don't know if this means the idea was just wrong to begin with and they should give up, or what.
Opposition to Senate Resolution 15 was not taken lightly. “I’m doing this by the request of thousands of teachers who felt they were not given an ample opportunity to participate and they want a voice, and it’s unfortunate that this resolution failed being that it merely urges and requests and doesn’t direct anyone to do something,” said Peterson. “It’s a real testament of who we are and what we stand for as a member of a legislative process to not want at least to have a discussion on record stating that we are open to democracy and we want to encourage participation and civic engagement.”
Will to die in the cement that am forever your man
The wording was done on Open Office but I'm sure
I can't think of a title.
So I'm putting it out there. Yes, I realize that some of these feelings are unwarranted and maybe I'll feel silly when I look back at this. But these are emotions that I have occasionally felt since bringing Brenna home or thoughts that sometimes cross my mind... (And maybe there are other people in similar situations who are feeling similar emotions - now you know you're not alone! :) )
I come downstairs to see Aiden holding the picture of my mom (she passed away 10.5 years ago).
Sep 27 2008 Minneapolis, MN @ 7th Street Entry
included ten decks in all.
Note too that they would be presenting ideas to her while engaging her in aggressive conversation. This is a common trick used by evil people.
I try to tell him one creative project feeds another. When my brain gets tired of writing, I’ll quilt. It stimulates my muse to paint or sew and let writing ideas steep. Once brewed to perfection, I can pour them onto the page. Well, maybe not perfection, but at least good enough to let my critique partners read and hack it to pieces. Then I put said pieces, along with a few new ingredients, on the brain burner again.
Long hair, the musk of sweat between the breasts,
Unless you're fantastic at pre-planning and actually soaked the lentils the night before, get them going now. Bring them to boil in pot of water, and reduce to low heat after boiling. Cover and let simmer for the next 35-45 minutes. By that time, everything will be ready.
We have 4 big dogs in the family, all of whom live at our Colorado Springs home. The 10 year old, Kodi, was diagnosed last week with an osteosarcoma in her shoulder -basically a bone cancer. And the hard news is that it is terminal, apart from a miracle. The difficult decision we had to make was whether to have the leg amputated, or to have her "put down" - euthanized - soon, before that leg bone was to shatter. Ultimately, we opted for amputation. For my part in that decision, there were 3 truths that guided me. Truths that actually have a lot to do with living a missional lifestyle.
Bruce and Betty Alberts
If you're lucky enough to live in the San Francisco Bay Area you won't want to miss Designer Spotlights hosted by Britex Fabrics in San Francisco. I will be one of five designers making a personal appearance on Thursday night. Here's their promo on the event, glitz and glam a promise . . . .
Started smoking around the age of 14 and then at 16, I found the cure to all my problems – alcohol! Massive raves started to become appealing and after sampling LSD, speed and weed,the next step was ecstasy.
"Back Country" 12x6 inches, oil on canvas by Ruth Andre
The Burlington Education Foundation (BEF) is a non-profit organization committed to promoting community support for education excellence in the Burlington Public Schools. The BEF ‘s mission is to channel donations from businesses and individuals to provide Burlington educators with an additional source of funding for creative and innovative curriculum enrichment programs. Since its inception the BEF has awarded close to 70 grants totaling approximately $150,000.
There is no mirror in the loo, and I run the blade over my lathered face by feel, rather than sight. Ouch!! That's a small nick under the left nostril. Must remember to utilise the well-known haemostatic agent close at hand to that area when I'm done - wouldn't want to get any blood on my shirt before work!
The above purple socks are from the third Sock Madness challenge. The socks have arch shaping (paired increases after the gusset at the bottom of the foot) which makes them puff out around the ball of my feet. I may do the opposite in future socks and do decreases there to make socks fit my narrow feet.
seems like the only choice left now is the the choice regarding my eventual exit.
From 1981-1983, NBC Saturday Morning aired an animated show Spiderman and His Amazing Friends. I was five or six at the time, but I loved it: Spidey was always a quick-quipping badass, Iceman was, well, he made fucking ice out of his hands, and then there was Firestar. *le sigh*
Definitely worth a dive if your willing to go to the dark side.
I actually tried to keep a list this time to calculate our costs. Some of these are accurate to the cent, some are approximate... and I'm sure I've left some things off. Here goes...
OK so having published this list yesterday I immediately saw this poster on Chelsea’s bedside (thanks to her Spanish teacher señor O for sharing) and realised all I ever remembered was the uni-brow. Frida lived with chronic pain and endured many surgeries to correct the shattered hip and spine that resulted from a streetcar accident. She painted about 150 self portraits but only at the end of her life started to include her wheelchair in the paintings.
02 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:01
And then there’s the case of the missing printer and speaker power cords for the computer. They were misplaced when we packed everything during the house flood. I am hoping as I continue to organize things that were thrown into containers and boxes, that I will somehow run across them. It escapes me how these did not get packed with the other computer desk items.
And of course Rock Britain couldn’t keep from asking David to share his personal most vivid music memory: “What a difficult question. Probably the sureal experience of chatting with Eric Clapton about cricket and moving house when both of us were invited to a British music function at Buckingham Palace. The Queen was standing a few feet being introduced to Jimmy Page and Roger Daltrey”!
The new ages for each Huckleberry Ridge eruption reduce the volume of the first event to 2,200 cubic kilometers, roughly 12 percent less than previously thought. A second eruption of 290 cubic kilometers took place more than 6,000 years later.
Also notice how the newspaper puts “little general” in quotation marks, referring to the experience of Jock Harris, at one stage the SADF commander of ground forces in Angola, about a time when a drunken Foreign Minister Pik Botha addressed the general like that during a briefing general Geldenhuys held at HQ.
That is a HUGE garden full of just about everything, that popped up along a hell strip next to the train tracks. No idea if just one person did it or the whole neighborhood, but love to see space being used like that!
Secondly, who decides when "are you sure you want to delete this?" cautionary warning is used, and when it isn't? If I'm deleting a typo, then I'm good, but it I'm deleting a whole page, a question would be nice.
Today, The Bookseller ran a piece on Kit Berry, a self-published author of adult fantasy fiction, who has just signed a five book deal with Gollancz for a six figure sum. The real challenge for an author is not just sealing a deal with a publisher, but maintaining a writing career, book after book. And that is the challenge for all writers whichever path to publishing they choose.
Chuck Jones’ skilled and witty film of Norton Juster’s script of his own short story.
Our plan was to grow, and train, and become strong, and become one, and fight them. But they found us and started hunting us first. Now all of us are running. Spending our lives in shadows, in places where no one would look, blending in. We have lived among you without you knowing.
When I stopped at Hyvee over lunch, the sign on their door said something like, “For your convenience, our weekly ad will be mailed directly to you beginning July 7.”
By calculating the CMV today we can calculate what % increase is needed to the CMV today to get to the LEV (minus 5% for subordinated debt) that was paid for the loans. We can convert that % into an index (with the base at 1000) by working out what index would correspond to the % increase needed to break even. And so today the index in October 2010 after the publication yesterday of the JLL quarterly Ireland commercial property index is 917 indicating that a 9% increase is needed to current market values to break even. Below is the calculation.
We discussed the scene, and how it compared to others. I asked if he'd heard about the shooting on East 93rd Street the weekend before.
As an example I love to use Ray Irani, CEO of Occidental Petroleum, who in 2010 had a salary of $1,191,667. Not bad. I'm not sure there's a man or woman on the planet who is actually worth that kind of money, but hey. I'm sure he has a family to feed just like most other working Americans. And I'll bet his mortgage payment is a bitch. So I don't begrudge him for it. Really, I don't. I'm sure he hates long meetings and conference calls as much as the rest of us do.
Tatum
The first thing I have come across is that I have noticed some reviewers selling some of the items I have sent free for review. It just seems wrong to me to try to sell something that you got for free when it could be donated or given to someone else to use, you know like kind of "paying it forward" if you will. I have no problem with reviewers doing a giveaway of some of the "extras" that I have sent along, as I know many have emailed me and asked if I minded if they do this, and I don't. It is the fact that someone is making a profit off of something that I sent them for free. Maybe I am too sensitive, I don't know. I know that not everyone will love my products, of course. But if you don't want/need/like the item, I think that passing it along to someone else is a better thing to do than trying to sell it. The next thing that bugs me is when bloggers only list as an entry to "like" my facebook page. Then for the mandatory or extra entries they have a TON of different things you can do all of which benefit their blog, and nothing to benefit me or my company. Um, hello? I don't sell items on Facebook, the only way I make sales is for them to actually go to my online store. I know that the blogger is putting time in to test and post the review, but I am putting out money for product and shipping and then again for the giveaway product and shipping all in hopes of making some sales of my products, so I think the entries should be of equal benefit to the blogger and myself. I am very new to blogging, and fairly new to the review/giveaway scene so I am just putting my opinions out there and wanted to get some feedback from all of you on your thoughts. Thanks for listening to my mini rant. :)
Our itinerary (Jon did some initial research but we sort of made it up as we went along):
Teleporter in Rainbow Ride
But I took a deep breath, stepped back, and decided that I was going to make this coat the right way. After all, I waited five years for the right fabric, and it deserves the few extra hours it will take to make the coat last a lifetime.
I think I will go to the casino myself and get a copy of the photo for the Kesh (taxi holding area at the airport)
The Ones in love stand strong,
Well, look, Tanstaafl: many conservative American traditionalists like me will not join you in identifying Jews as cultural foes, but if Auster wants to call you ugly names instead of debating your views, then I don’t know who he thinks he is impressing.
Dragons have all sorts of attacks, so don't be certain you know everything there is to know about them.
He said the same thing in 1 Corinthians 3:16. “Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?” But it is even better for in Colossians 1:27 we read, “To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory.”
2) Do not run reloads you bought off someone's gun show table, at least without thoroughly test firing the ammunition. Another example learned from guys showing up to classes and not having their guns running up to par. While I'm sure there are guys out there reloading for sale who are doing a good job of quality assurance and product testing, without knowing the individual personally, I would not trust my life to their ammunition. If I were forced to run someone else's reloads, I would damned sure test it before showing up to a class that demanded a functioning weapon to participate.
I taught Lilium for three days straight. The exciting thing was that many of the fantastic beaders that attended this retreat actually FINISHED their projects. I get such a thrill seeing students complete my designs (is that goofy?).
I thought it would be neat to create letters out of maps that show where both myself and Mr.CottageModern are from--me from Canada, and him from Minnesota. I found these maps of various Canada/U.S. regions in a perfect array of turquoise and orange to complement the room.
Let the food be good enough to nourish our bodies as we gather together.
Daniel Pipes: That Islam is deeply important to the public lives of Muslims. That Islam is a religion of laws, and those laws are quite permanent and universal. That they are not the same everywhere at all times, but the basics are consistent. That there are times of greater emphasis and times of lesser emphasis but Muslims always come back to these laws. Now, of course, is a time of greater emphasis. Islamic laws have far greater power than they had when I entered this field over forty years ago. How does one understand this change; how do Muslims view it, and how does the West respond to it? – these are some of the questions that I focus on…. – Citizen Times (12-1-10)
"Not to be a Republican at twenty is proof of want of heart;
So. Balder - son of Odin and Frigg - is loved by everyone. The god of light and beauty, his face glows; he is handsome, gentle and wise. But he's troubled by dreams of his death - so Odin sets out on his eight-legged horse (as you do) and meets with a seeress. The news is not good - there is no avoiding Balder's fate.
Last night’s week 6 of DWTS featured Motown and the Dance Marathon.
O holy Apostles, we beseech you to unite your prayers, and intercede for the Churches of the East, to which you preached the Gospel. Have compassion on Jerusalem, the dupe of schism and heresy; obtain her purification and her liberty; and rid her Holy Places of the sacrileges that have so long polluted them. Lead back the Christians of Asia Minor to union with the fold governed by the one supreme pastor. And lastly, pray for Rome, the city where your bodies repose, awaiting their glorious Resurrection. In return for the long hospitality she has given you, shield her with your protection; and permit not that the city of Peter, your venerable Head, should be deprived of its grandest glory—the presence of the Vicar of Christ.
When you walk down the street, it’s not like we’re asking to get in trouble. When we hang out at the pool, at a restaurant, outside Tesco’s , at a park, etc., we’re just trying to have a good time. We don’t mean to interfere with anyone else. We’re minding our own business, just like you’re minding yours. Why do people need to assume that we’re all up to no good, if we’re doing nothing wrong? While it’s true that some teenagers go out of their way to do the wrong thing, they’re the exception. Most teenagers just aren’t like that. However what the “businesses” seem to forget is that we are more than likely their biggest consumer? So if you remove all the teenagers from the City they will also be removing their business.
you are tired
It’s okay to feel down
This kitchen can not be helped merely by paint. So it will wait hopefully only another year until we can have someone install new floors for us as well as countertops. But that gives me plenty of time to think about what we shall do. Here are my plans as of now, subject to change on a daily basis.
All in all, it was a great night. There was a live band, to which the two peas danced their hearts out on the dance floor, and a photo booth where they got some awesome photos to document this fun occasion.
All the members of this Court concur in the denial of the motion to disqualify Mr. Justice Padilla, with the exception of Mr. Justice Ozaeta and Mr. Justice Feria who reserve their vote.
I got blown off today, by a consummate blow-off artist. Now, I agreed that this friend could come over with the notion of her cancelling already firmly in my noggin. Sure enough, the thinkable happened and I got blown off. Normally, I’d brush it off, but something different happened…this time, the fault supposed lay with communication errors. Somehow, my text and phone call did not reach her. I don’t know why this time screamed BULLSHIT louder than any other time, but it did.
ELGOHARI S, JOSEPH CA, GODDARD NL. Three years’ experience of monitoring influenza vaccine uptake in healthcare workers in acute hospital trusts in England 2001/02-2003-2004. Five Nations Health Protection Conference 2004.
Pre-heat oven to 180C. Grease your cookie sheet or baking tray.
so in my infinite wisdom, i decide to think.. and think fast. what, exactly, would give me my beautifully peaceful morning back? what could i possibly do to distract lars in return, so i can finally finish getting ready? tell a white lie and say i made breakfast downstairs and when he leaves the bedroom, close && lock the door? ask him to get me another coffee refill and when he leaves the bedroom… close && lock the door? grab my own towel and whip his bare, annoying ass with it so he goes running out of the bedroom like a li’l wuss, then close && lock the door??
15 - Astru Naming Ritual For Caresse (3:12)
The label tells us to expect it to be "Vollwürzig und hopfenherb zugleich", so spicy and hoppy-bitter at the same time, I guess.
Yes I am fine.
My goodness, I can't believe I have not posted all week....well actually I can. It has been such a busy week here at the Rubies' Place.
The biggest surprise, however, was the Left Hand Goosinator Doppelbock, primarily for its versatility. This beer could handle all four cheeses adequately, but really struck a chord with the earthy notes of the cave-aged Gruyere and the smoked bacon character of the Blue de Basque. We did add another beer into the mix last minute, the Aecht Schlenkerla Ur-Marzen Rauchbier, and this was mainly to provide a divergent take on the smoked beer category. But, it didn't seem to show the same nimble and accommodating nature that the Goosinator possessed.
She had an uncanny ability to read the character of a person. She would sometimes warn me to be careful of certain persons; often, she turned out to be right.
I posted something that only one reads and only one understands. I have written posts my friends and some of unknown readers love and appreciate. I have posted controversial and get hate mails for it. I have posted something for the sake of blogging. I have revealed my emotions. I rant about politics. I hurt one for posting my thoughts on a public issue.
Don't Cry No Tears
Of course in the winter, it was limited to under 8 km. But truly we got everything we needed. Any cycling for shopping further out, was more of a treat for ourselves. In such situations, we did sometimes use a blend of cycling and bringing bikes onto public transit trains or using the bus bike racks.
By the time we got back to the hotel, we were exhausted. Physically and emotionally. But, very thankful that we made the trip.
Bogota is a great city. Yes it's a little rough around the edges but that's just part of the charm. People are friendly and the food is delicious. In the last few years Bogota has really stepped up it's game to make the city safe again, for residents and tourists. There are, quite literally, two police officers on every single corner of the city center. The streets are clean, the city is prosperous, half of the walls are covered in art, people smile at strangers as they walk and there is a sense of tradition, respect and culture. . We took the gondola up Monserratte, Bogota's holy mountain, and had a good look at the city. With a population over eight million, no wonder it's enormous.
Here are rebuttals to those three arguments:
Got out to Litchfield Cafe and i had my fingers crossed that it would be ok but was prepared for it if it was really rough. But yay!!!! one of the first things i noticed when we parked was the grassy areas and big shade trees around the cafe so that was a plus. We went in and met our future boss and his family and they were great to chat with. But hot! bleaugh. Apparently it was a good 5' cooler today than it has been so i am glad we were not here yesterday. And i really hope it cools down even more over the next week.
I’ve already seen some great St. Patrick’s Day ideas popping up on Facebook! I love all the fun activities to do with kids. How about you? Are you feeling lucky?
Cleese
- Speeches – we loved the toasts given at our wedding, they were all very special and my brother’s was hilarious.
talk more about the thick-skinned people. i like them. ok. most have been abused prenatally. yes, chemically through poison intake, and auditorially, by being in the same building/vicinity as tv violence. you know that scene in pulp fiction where bruce willis and his cute french girlfriend talk about getting preggers and prenatal violence? yeah, if she was pregnant, listening to war movies on the tv is completely counter-survivalist. those scripts and wavforms which we have internalized, of machine gun fire and human wails, barking of definitive orders, and precious organic soil obliterated by concentrated flame, these are abuses of all of us. the next stage of humanity will not allow that kind of pain infliction on one another.
Y is for the yawning, I never do when he’s on
Eh?
We have a lot ahead this Summer! Hope you are ready!
Jake had been the envy of her friends at College . The athletic good catch, academically gifted - a genuine all-rounder with a head on his shoulders and already a gift for picking stocks. He was in his final year of economics, she the cute librarian who never quite made it to University. She wasn’t aware of his penchant for the pencil skirt and reading glasses when he first winked at her. Simone was attractive. Her blonde, hair swirled loosely and pinned with a tortoiseshell clasp, neatly dressed with a tantalising glimpse of cleavage as she scanned his reference books; a glimpse Jake Russell
I'm never sure what posting these little tidbits are supposed to do. Go to page 66, 77, 99. Why? Is it just a way to get you to post SOMETHING? Oh well... Hopefully you enjoyed this, even though I'm sure you don't know what's going on. How could you? It's only 7 lines!
The sky lightened a little and the black specks seemed to slow.
I already had the brown paper from a huge roll I bought two years ago for painting (it is a good way to cover the ground). So I was all set for my wrapping.
Aside from Jeff Kaye's diary on Firedoglake, I know of precious few people who are writing about Obama's War Crimes Commission actually rewriting the law so that they can convict child soldiers for war crimes even when no war crimes had existed.
Even this isn’t a perfect analogy, and what I should probably be talking about is institutional purchase of vegetables. If I found out, for example, that, in order to provide my lunch, Trinity College was having to pay for very expensive deliveries of vegetables, many of which were not needed … actually, even this isn’t a good analogy. Let’s suppose in addition that the fellows of Trinity had grown the vegetables in their back gardens and given them to the vegetable delivery company (who packaged them up quite nicely) and were then finding that Trinity College was paying through the nose for them. At that point, I’d be tempted to say that I’d be happy to bring my vegetables directly to the college, not packaged as nicely but free.
Like resignation to the end, always the end
It was a great compliment to the constructors and organisers of the site to hear a participant at the recent test event talking on the radio recently. He was raving about it, saying that it was one of the best shooting venues he had ever used and was saying how sad it was that the structure was only temporary. Despite these comments I am not sure the residents of Woolwich would agree over a longer stay, but it is good to hear that there is talk of taking the structure and reusing it at the Commonwealth games in Glasgow in 2014.
260g bread flour
I think the first anniversary gift (according to tradition) is supposed to be paper... Just a thought!
I even get to have some of my own toys and books in this new room! It's awesome! And for now the "noose" has been strung away and the ladder to the loft bed is on the bunk so no climbing for me. I can't imagine why my parents took that away from me?! For now the rocker will stay in my room as I do like to cuddle sometimes. But once that baby brother or sister makes an appearance, it'll go back into the other room.
Here are the details about being on the team...
Adapted from the CIA's Italian Cooking at Home
I used pop dots on the tower. The ribbon is just black satin ribbon from Stampin Up.
Fled
A survey of a county borough near London showed that over one-quarter of grammar school boys and over one-third of secondary modern school boys were smokers by the time they were 15, and smoking over five cigarettes a week, and often more.
5. What it is I'm employed to do.
This assignment does not have to be overwhelming, or difficult or challenging. Remember you are not your body; you are a divine multidimensional being. Invite emotions to come and if they are less than life enhancing, transmute them. Simply replace the emotions you are skillfully shifting with higher more coherent emotions and then go on your way.
Thanksgiving is the one time you can get together with your 9-year old? What, is he the only cardiologist on call? And if you "run out of table before you run out of food," that speaks to your shitty ability to plan a menu, not to Wal-Mart's erupting cornucopia of fresh beans.
4. Note: If you have an ice cream maker, now is the time to put the mixture into the ice cream maker. Many hours later, @windaddict gets home, and we decided to freeze the ice cream in the fashion that he wants. I know that many, many websites recommend this, but I will not do this method again. It is messy, and it did not work well. For this method, you put the mixture in a ziploc bag, and then into another bag (to protect your ice cream from the salt water), and then into another bag that you fill with ice and salt. You're supposed to knead or to roll it around to freeze it.
Green Chillies - 5
Here are a few events if you are looking for something to do:
Commercial
6. Now, reach your physical arms above your head and feel the tiny cords extend upwards, (responding to a kind of static energy)
c) Award 15 recently discovered bloggers.
The trees appear to be the stems of flowers, and the leaves are like those tiny white flowers of queen anne’s lace.
Sure he was shirtless wearing dark socks with tan Bruce Jenner sneakers with his shorts. But really, it's just yard work right?
“It is difficult to stop him. It is better to try and get him out. If we can get his wicket, we can put pressure on the Sri Lankan middle order,” he said.
49. Yes, I am just as guilty as you when it comes to texting and driving!! I don't promote it....it's just a really bad habit I have!!
QPJFK Blog (qpjfkblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
San Francisco
As always, the usual crowd of 'experts' are cited as sources of the information, and their 'facts' taken as gospel by their media soulmates. The SPLC and the ADL are always front and center in these kinds of stories.
Follow on Twitter @risingtidebeer
My plans included buying flatpack cupboards and shelves, and big crates for fabrics and little tubs or baskets for haby items. We searched the shops for shelves and cupboards, and couldn't find what I wanted, mainly because I didn't really know what it was that I wanted.
Wow! You're almost done! It's time to hem both the under and upper skirts.
Where’s the spirit that’ll reign, reign over me
God gave His promise to Paul that no lives would be lost. We saw that in verse 24. But looking ahead to verse 31, they had to obey certain rules. There we read, “Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.”
Their marriage certificate was voided in August of 2004 by the California Supreme Court.
Photograph taken: 03/31/2012
If it’s really true about that list you have
One thing that isn’t clear from Abine’s list is that most of these data aggregators will re-add you within a few months, so I recommend at least bi-annual checks to see if they’ve sucked up your data again. Be tenacious, be polite, and if this is important to you, stick with it until you get what you want.
Phil treated me, yesterday, as a belated birthday present, a new tee-shirt and some new jeans, he also took our daughter swimming for the first time this summer, and she really enjoys the water and apparently managed to swim without her swim aids which I am really proud to hear. Later in the day after the shops we headed for our favourite Chinese buffet restaurant – Norton China, in Norton-le-Moors, which to me is an awesome meal, we eat loads when we go so I try and not eat much all day to compensate. Totally stuffed we returned home unable to touch another bit of food.
The court was told the victim had told Hondros earlier that day she was under 16.
A couple notes before I get to the session: the irony of the long title for this session given the topics we discussed was not lost on me. It still makes me giggle.
When I finally had a 4-inch-thick dossier compiled, I confidently contacted the American representative of the French consulate in Arizona, to ask for my interview. He was quite impatient over the phone and couldn't possibly understand how I could have ever imagined that I could get a French visa:
As for me, Nick and I have our own little family now.
Reviews are very welcome ;)
First was my week at the Australasian Quilt Convention in Melbourne, in Kay Haerland’s master class – Creating a Realistic Landscape -
Additional stock if needed for consistency
The New Pornographers
1. Trust and clear leadership not abuse – Does your equine try to catch you or vice a versa?
When I get more made I will post a picture of them so you can see them.
Yep, you heard me right.
worry hangs in my kitchen
"Oh really?" I say, plus superlative words reserved for shock and awe. "That big boy's mine. For my salad."
Same wallpaper, but a different colorway. Same floor tiles, but a dark slate color. Same chandeliers, different colors. The nightstand was green, as was the desk chair. The curtains and cornice were tangerine...the chairs were a gunmetal dark grey....
I had my first treatment last night. I lay on the bed, and she applied the ultrasound gel, then ran the ultrasound paddle over my stomach for 10 minutes, followed by another 10 minutes with another paddle. I’m not sure I can see any results as yet but she told me that it takes several treatments. I have no idea whether it is one of those scams or not, but I figured that for £69 it was worth a try.
The nail plate is made up of several layers of keratin (a protein). Ideally, those layers are sealed together to form a unified, strong nail. But when nails aren’t protected—your hands are in water a lot, or exposed to cold, dry air—those layers tend to delaminate. The result is nails that are likely to peel. Besides being an indication that you need to take better care of your nails—polish can help seal the layers and moisturizing them several times a day will keep the layers supple—peeling nails can mean a diet that’s lacking in linoleic acid. The easiest way to up your intake is to increase your use of vegetable oils (add some to your salad dressing or drizzle some on steamed veggies).
And do you think you'll sell more ebooks through a publisher when they list it at $9.99 and only pay you 17.5%?
See you WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 21, 2012 at THE SNUG!
James Joe Ferguson, 39, Washington, D.C.
17 of 18 people found the following review helpful.
My kids have taken several of their live courses and they have all been GREAT! The instructors they have are top notch. The lectures are interesting and engaging. And it might just give Mom a chance to take a break and finish some Christmas preparations while the kids are listening to the free history lecture.
To say goodbye to my host mama.
(CORNER OF 7TH AVENUE)
Ashley, you're in my thoughts and prayers, as are all of the other people in my life (you know who you are) fighting this same fight. When our girls were in the NICU, a friend sent me a quote that comes to mind when I think of all of you.
By the end of this decade, according to the White House’s own prediction, the official national debt will surpass $20.0 trillion—not including off-balance-sheet items like old-age security, Medicare, and other government promises to its citizens.
You will get deeper and deeper into meditativeness on its own accord. Do not open your eyes till the time you feel to do so; but try and have sufficient time to enjoy the Bliss pouring in.
My time with Final Fantasy: 4 Heroes of Light has been reasonably short so far, clocking only a couple of hours at the very most, but it’s clear from the outset that it’s taken a very different approach to the RPG battle system compared to any Final Fantasy title before it, and indeed most other RPGs.
Bella as you know was spayed last week,
Monday – A 22 year old man has recently been contacted by three of his ex-girlfriends, and he has varying degrees of interest in each. He still has feelings for one, but is very interested in understanding why the other two reached out to him as well. He’s curious about how to proceed, since the advice he’s getting from friends include suggestions like “don’t talk to them” or “treat them they way they treated you in the past.”
So I'm going to ask that question again: If everything about the situation was identical except that the colors of their skin were reversed, do you really think that those people would be smearing the victim? Would the reaction of these people have been the same? Again, you know the answer to that question and you know what it tells us about our society.
For people that have attended Comic-Con (and even if you haven’t) Spurlock’s Comic-Con will present nothing new to you. As fans, we understand the dedication and the immense hype surrounding this huge pop culture event. What Spurlock really does with this film is attempt to introduce a mainstream audience to Comic-Con, while also giving long-time fans and attendees something to appreciate. This film feels like ‘An Ode to Comic-Con’ more than anything else. It’s not bad, but it doesn’t feature any behind-the-scenes secrets or sneak peeks either. While I would have been more interested in the industry side of the convention, Spurlock chooses to focus on what would be obvious to anyone who’s ever been to a ‘geek’ con. I’m surprised Spurlock chose not to go more in depth with the comic-book seller, because while it gave us a peek of the industry, it didn’t explain much other than ‘since Comic-Con isn’t about comics anymore, it’s getting harder for him to make money.’ But there was one very important thing missing from the whole film – enthusiasm. Yes, Kevin Smith makes sure to wave his hands in front of the camera and crack some witty jokes, but overall, Spurlock really makes Comic-Con look boring. He chose not to actually document the heart of the con, but to stay on the outside, ‘looking in’. By getting the point-of-view from essentially, five really anxious people, Spurlock failed to tell us what the it actually felt like to be in the midst of the action. What makes Spurlock such a great documentary filmmaker is how he tends to place himself center-stage, and tell the story himself. That is why Super-Size Me was such a big hit.
16. Eye To Eye (Christiansen, Oberg) 3:31
Adam’s growing awareness of his past is revealed, through the testimony of his ancestors, in roughly chronological order, from the 1500s to the present, in chapters interspersed with and set against the development and gradual disintegration of his present life. So while the mistakes of his youth are indeed catching up with this man, so too, over the course of the book, does his ancestral past, quite literally, overtake his present.
I wait a few days and yep… the check I wrote to the school has now come in and bounced. Ok… My Bad… that was my fault I didn’t have the money there and I wrote the check anyway. So I’m watching my account to see if it’s going to get re deposited and yep… there it goes again. Ok… I should be safe it went through twice right?
This simple and colorful dish, is not only easy but also delicious. The star of this dish is of course the Chickpeas (Chana in Urdu/Hindi). The other ingredients include ginger, garlic, jalapeno pepper, and spices to complete it. Chana Masala is usually served as a side dish, and we ate it with Chicken Curry last night. However, it works wonderfully for my vegetarian/vegan friends as a yummy meal served with rice.
I understand that as humans we have our emotional struggles. We have our ups and downs, but if you even believe an iota of what you say you believe as a Christian, then how do you not see that you’re awesome? Most of my non-Christian friends are happier than my Christian ones, and I have an idea why.
9.Do not think that he is a child with a huge generation gap between the two of you, he idolises “MJ” and also likes to imitate Seo Taiji — “I don’t know anything!”
I've decided to move onto the Kid's section next. I already have a section for the kid's in my current HMB, but it's need some changes and some updates. To figure out what needs to be in this section, I thought about all the information I need to have for each of our boys. Currently, they each have their own subsection, and I'm thinking that keeping it this way will work best. Our Teen's section currently holds all of his school stuff, the student handbook, a list of his classes and teachers, important school dates, and things like that. Liam's is full with kindergarten prep stuff. A few weeks ago I shared the School Info sheets with you (you can find them here) so I have that taken care of. Next was just figuring what other information needed to be in these areas.
That’s it on that piece of inspiration for now. I will probably pick this up later, prephaps after finals. It’s also almost 3AM and I’m typing this from my bed on my iPhone. Haha.
And mosquitoes. (Helpful tip: a garage fan works amazingly well.)
feedback, comeback and come back to me on that one, and I'll get back to you one that one - interesting cluster of feeds, comes and gets here. They're all related but slightly different. 'Give me feedback' or 'I'll give you feedback' sounds like good busywork stuff, whereas 'I'll get back to you on that one' is good delaying tactics. It probably means that you've 'kicked it into touch' (Rugby term). I rather like 'feedback' because it reminds me that it's what human beings do with each other all the time even when we don't know we're doing it, nodding, looking, gesturing, reacting etc and we then respond to the feedback in some kind of endless loop of reflexivity. (I think I'll copyright that phrase now that I've written it: 'endless loop of reflexivity').
TENbyTEN Only Mostly Dead
And now I am back to the dilemma - to Valentine or no?!
Allie’s son, Galen Cole, came up with the brilliant idea for the museum. Galen was president and chairman of Cole’s Express from 1955 (when Allie passed away) to 1992, when the business was bought by Roadway.
Farmers and gardeners, battered by drought and floods, have also been warned that crops and plants could be killed by widespread frosts.
from the perpendiculars, straight lines,
Tennis balls
The reason I am showing you these is to give you an idea fo what you might see in the inner realms..you will be shown what is relevant to you, and they will contain important information and knowledge pertaining to your personal journey , the journey of the planet, or even the destiny of others, be it nations, or people..each code may contain i,2, or even all three …or something else..I cannot know what you will be shown as an individual.
The photos are of my son and daughter when they were younger.
Baltic Deputy (USSR…Alexander Zharki, Josef Heifits)
My card features one of Mo's sweeties; I just love this one- the image, I mean:)- and I guess everybody does!. It's called Bunches and you can find it here in the store.
Attending Sarah Lawrence College was the greatest experience (but not quite of my life, I have had a very exciting life). I really feel that I have honed my analytical skills in a way that I never understood before. I always wondered what was so great about these super liberal arts schools, and now I understand. There is a very high level of demand from this institution that I have not experienced in other places.
Today, after church a good percentage of our church went out to eat together. The men fellowshiped at one table, the teens at another, the kids at another, and the women at another. We got to pray for each other's needs. We laughed. We shared memories. And then tonight, I got to talk with Wildcat all about it and his interactions. We also discussed the lessons he had learned at church and how to apply those to daily life.
Click on the photo above to take you my Flickr set of photos from the gardens.
Because of South Africa’s role, both Namibia and South Africa have democratically elected, multi-party, non-Cuban, Non-Soviet model governments and a relatively free market economic system.
They have even attempted to blackmail Green campaigners, saying that if they don’t stop exposing Ta Ann’s misleading advertising then they will sabotage the Forest Agreement, worth so many millions to their own state!
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness
I didn’t know this book was considered a young adult book. I would certainly consider it a book for those the age of the grandparents as well as those the age of the girl. My daughter, a university professor in philosophy, recommended it to me and I am grateful.
In this example I’m setup on a photographic tripod but it would be fine with the camera connected to a telescope or piggybacked. The downside to the photographic tripod is no tracking so you do have to keep adjusting it to keep the moon in view.
Eric Larson
But be prepared… You will fall in love with this site. They have insanely cool stuff, and there’s something for everyone. Not kidding – I visit Sneakpeeq every day. I’ve earned several dollars-off, percent-off, and free shipping credits (called “badges”) just for “peeqing” at the prices of the items I like.
The internet connection was knocked out for the rest of the day.....Al was lost but he had his Blackberry to check for email and send messages. I worked offline to do some picture editing and writing for this blog.
“At different times, this has been a community gathering place where you caught up with your neighbors and shoot the breeze, learn what’s going on, who is around,” Crawford said.
My only goal is to complete both and to enjoy the process.
F is for fissures and fluid retention,
Eventually, it resolves itself as looking very like the human brain's neural network.
Be sure to properly identify any plant you plan on consuming BEFORE you find yourself in a survival situation by using field guides and/or the guidance of an experienced naturalist or survival instructor. Many plants can be difficult to identify and some edible plants have deadly poisonous look-alikes. If you cannot identify the plant, do not eat it.
The old fuck, I thought, snarling; my conscious being a maelstrom of rage, my unconscious part busily replenishing the adrenaline levels on a second by second basis. No movement: the car sat stock still, but I sensed the seat belt being subject to some sort of play, a half-hearted tugging. The green light shone bright. Not the fucking seat belt, COME ON!!! I didn’t dare beep, knowing it would occasion a slow, slow, puzzled turning of the head.
I dont have any good pics from the concert they are on cell phones....I am probably going to end up posting what we do have on facebook though or stealing Gina's pics LOL Other than that the concert was definitely an experiencing with the rain, the crowd surfing, the flashing, the herbal remedies, the trash, and did I mention chili? I ended up with a lovely sunburn due to forgetting my sunscreen at home but Gina chased down an older couple and they hooked me up with some ancient sunscreen which I hope minimized some of the further damage. overall an interesting time and to you parents with teenagers at the concert kudos to you for taking your kids to something you probably hated - I can only hope I am that cool in a few years, although I fear my eldest will be one of the first to hop in for the crowd surfing!
If you agree that this principle is applicable at any place scale, i.e. place scale-free; and if we agree that the above principle is a mandate for us to act, i.e. this principle is our reason to stay in this country to face the challenge of changing it, then when I complained about my inability to affect change at work, which is a different scale from country, my friends’ response, based on the agreed principle, is expected to be: ‘who will stay to fix your place of work; who will help the architecture of this city to become the place that it can be, the place that you want it to be’.
Ok, let’s do a summary of what RUSH is about.
It causes some concern that the Metropolitan Police were not aware that a newspaper editor would be responsible for his journalists, as Mr Sheridan indeed followed through on by suggesting that as the NotW was a newspaper, the editor would be in charge.
The Sarawak government is said to be planning another half-dozen dams to create even more unusable power. Environmentalists say the only reason for the dams is to provide an excuse to log off the watershed.
I’ll confess right here that I failed in my first duty at the front of the line – a misunderstanding and miscalculation that led us to believe our item would likely be vouchered out by the time voucher dude got down to us. Her wheels turned furiously, pondering how to proceed to plan B with the aplomb necessary to keep us from having to enact any of plans C through H. “Okay, we’ll bag it here and head to the office supply store for your computer diddlybobs, then come back when the line’s down here, just in case the camcorder’s still available.”
Now as I come to the end of this letter, I conclude this rather exhaustive account of my story, I would like to say now, that I look forward to the day, when the race has been won, that I can be kneeling at the foot of my Savior and be presented to Him, pure, perfect without blemish and hear Him say, “Well done, my good and faithful servant” and take my place among the saints.
Serves 10-12
To be sure, there is a place for the pancakes, the spaghetti, the service projects, the campouts, singing Kumbaya, going to sporting events, and all the rest. But none of those can or should take the place of gathering together each week for the intentional discipling purpose of growing in the grace and knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
3. A lovely reggae cover of the John Denver classic.
DAY 10: Read a Christmas story
when you hear it sigh...
Geophysical events like earthquakes and volcanic eruptions – the kinds of things that may already be on the edge of discharge – can, with the right resonant energies added into the system, cause them to overload and actually fracture. Former U.S. Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen actually made the statement regarding weapons of mass destruction and the idea of generating earthquakes artificially. In a April 28, 1997 DoD News Briefing at the Conference on Terrorism, Weapons of Mass Destruction, and U.S. Strategy at the Georgia Center, Mahler Auditorium, University of Georgia, Athens, Ga. Cohen stated: “Others are engaging even in an eco- type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate, set off earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves.”
bloody rocks,
Clutching the canteen /
I worked and I fiddled. I did the old step back, paintbrush between my teeth and my head cocked to one side, with a really pompous expression. The kind that requires a black beret. I also covered myself in paint in the process. I continued fussing until I liked the finish product. The same process unfolded with another of the three paintings:
Norman CA, Halton DM. Is carbon monoxide a workplace teratogen? A review and evaluation of the literature. Br Occup Hyg Soc 1990; 34: 335-347.
Research shows that our bodies’ inner eat-and-sleep clocks have been thrown completely out of whack, thanks to cues we send it all day with the wrong foods—and too much artificial light at night. The result: You’re caught in a “fat cycle”: a constant flow of hunger hormones that makes your cravings all but impossible to resist. But if you tune into your body’s natural eat and sleep schedules, you can actually—finally—say good-bye to your belly.
I wish you could have been there with me.
She gets irritable, clingy, etc. And doesn't seem to be able to let us know that she is hungry. Sometimes I think maybe it is because she is two, so we have the terrible twos that we are dealing with, but other times it is a little more clear that she is just hungry (like when we spend all evening outside enjoying the beautiful weather and finally get inside once it is dark and realize that it is 8 o'clock).
Noah handled himself marginally well. There were no real problems during the party, other than having to be held back from blowing out the candles himself, and his obsessive need to have a gift bag before any of the other kids received theirs.
Here's an example of all the messing about that old houses can undergo over the centuries (see yesterday's comments box).
Some studies have shown that human habits and behaviors can have an inherent level of carcinogenicity. Staying awake through the night, for instance, affects the chemical balance in the human body in a way that may lead to or promote cancer. Such behaviors or habits that promote cancer usually fall into the category of “circadian disruption,” meaning that they are behaviors that disrupt the normal, healthy cycle of sleep and wakefulness that people are supposed to go through on a daily basis.
The idea of E-Space is simple enough. The CVE is essentially a wormhole, E-Space as basic a parallel universe as they come. But here finally we have the idea explored as more than a mere plot hook (although there is something to be contemplated in the idea that Alzarius is actively the inversion of Gallifrey). If E-Space is to be understood as negative space and the normal N-Space as positive then what of the zero point between the universes? What would that be like?
Everyone is well aware of the financial difficulties being played out across the country. The city I live and work in has the highest budget deficit in the nation (22% of the city's general fund). The general fund is used to pay for all city services including police and fire departments.
Cry with you
I suppose keeping a blog must come second to ensuring my children don't do all that diseased starving they seem to go for with just the merest hint of a couple of months neglect.
an Atlatal point that had been fired in under the chin
Race Report: BRITISH GRAND PRIX
This is my card, using Discount Cardstock, The Twinery twine, and Funky Christmas Tags Stickerz from EAD. A sheet of these Stickerz is only $2.50, and FREE shipping. I bet you even have time to grab them now, and use them before the challenge is up! (Although you don't HAVE to use these stickers, or even EAD products to participate! Very cool, huh!?)
Today the littles and I went to visit my mother. We haven't seen her since she was here on March 28th and we've definitely been missing each other. I used to visit her 2 or 3 times a week but life seems to have gotten so busy since Matthew arrived. I really need (and want!) to get back on a visiting schedule. If the children don't get to see their Gram regularly, they start making noise about it! So thankful she is so close by.
I hope I've been able to inspire you to create your own Rogue art these last few months. I'm looking forward to seeing what new stamps will be coming out and what gorgeous artwork the Rogue DT will create with them!
La Femme Nikita: Best woman/gun combination in cinematic history.
At a recent campaign speech Biden stated: “I promise you, the President has a big stick. I promise you,” or in this case a big clip.
I really need to catch up on my blogging. I want to post about our Samhain feast, but that will have to wait for another day. I wanted to post pics of the Afghans I made this year. I made them for friends of mine, but have been waiting until they all have received them first, before I posted on my blog. I will also post links to the patterns.
Hey, there! So sorry this is so stinking late! It has been a crazy week, and it's only Tuesday...whew! But the winner of my "I'm So Lucky" Blog Hop Grand Prize Candy is
than I did last year.
YOU OFTEN HEAR the view expressed that “I’m not surprised that pub X has closed. It had gone really downhill – it had stopped serving real ale and opening at lunchtimes, and seemed to appeal mainly to deadlegs. They ended up putting strippers on to try to attract custom.” Now, that may well explain why Pub X has closed instead of Pub Y, but very often such measures are a symptom of falling sales rather than a cause. Pubs often seem to get into a spiral of decline from which it is difficult to escape.
Honorifics present. Eastern/Spoken name order. Romaji and English lyrics for the opening.
Nevertheless, it’s about trying even it if was just a dream.
Travel Agent
These ethnic minorities are "stateless people" and the children are at high risk for exploitation and abuse. Because in the eye of the law the children have no identity, they are at high risk to be trafficked into Thailand's large sex industry.
I'm busy being lazy.
I had everything in its perfect place,
Christian was still as dashing as ever, dressed in a sharp black suit and tie that brought out the icy blue in his intense eyes. Women were sitting on either side of him and the ones that didn’t fit on the couch were sitting on the floor next at his feet. They were all dressed in very sexy attire, the two next to him both stroking the lapels of his suit jacket and trying to inch their way into his lap.
I think it’s a good exercise for everybody to do that as there are so many people who just stick around on one level (e.g. security by accumulating money for its own sake) and just don’t see that there is so much more to do and to make it to the top.
16 more intro 1:15
- Milk
I have yet to determine how to press these seams to maximize transparency.
“The cheap attempted smear is just plain wrong,” Mr Sheikh said.”
The second thing that I was desperate to include was the winter festival of Lupercalia which persisted well into the Christian period. The origins of it seem a bit hazy, though it is linked to the founding of Rome and the myth of Romulus and Remus but who could resist a festival in which young men run round the streets naked or dressed only in the skins of sacrificed goats, striking people with thongs? In the original draft of my novel my soldier changed into a werewolf on the night of the festival and all kinds of shenanigans ensued, but, in the end, it proved too difficult to provide a context in which such a thing made sense.
However, if one of them wanted to try school right now, we would make it happen. We do not want them to grow up thinking school was some great thing they missed out on because we wouldn't let them go. They will be able to form their own opinions about school. If that requires them to attend for a while to figure it out, then so be it. If they do choose to try school, they will not be forced to commit to it or reach a certain point. They will be able to opt out again anytime.
London, England and Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
our favorit games to the living rooms. So we decided to design and
1 tsp. instant espresso powder
The next sling that I used/ still use with Monkey is a Close Parent Caboo. http://www.closeparent.com/Default.aspx?tabid=147 This is a fab, stretchy wrap sling that has a strong panel at the back which does give me a bit more support. It adjusts really well via rings at the hips and both of us can wear it easily. I love the fact that it has stretchy fabric that I can put right across his back to support him, and it’s very easy to breastfeed in it (which is a massive bonus). This sling feels very soft to the touch and he’s carried in the ‘frog’ position against my chest (which we both love). Unfortunately, he’s starting to want to see more of the world and I can’t adapt it easily to let him move to nearer my hip. In the early days when Monkey was incredibly colicky and refluxy, this sling was an absolute godsend as it kept him more upright and just an awful lot happier.
This Wyoming-raised environmental activist turned Tibetan advocate interweaves his own near-decade pilgrimage and political action with the story of his inspiration, Tertön Sogyal, whose two incarnations Pistono learns from today. One, Sogyal Rinpoche, has gained fame for his "Tibetan Book of Living and Dying" and his Rigpa hospice foundations and outreach from his French base. The other, Khenpo, had taught the current Dalai Lama, and was his only lama still living in Tibet. Pistono--fascinated by Tertön's story a century ago as he turns from banditry to great influence in recovering termas or "treasure teachings" to assist the Tibetans in staving off British and Chinese takeovers--now during Chinese takeover goes on a journey to four key places in Tertön's life.
Here is a trailer for this film:
Now that the Passover seders are over, we turn our thoughts to other poignant questions about life, freedom, peace and...what to do the rest of our matzoh (and which way are we really supposed to spell it: with or without the "h".)
However, not everyone did. The grasshopper, about whom little was said but much was thought, leapt onto Selig’s shoulder and the two of them left together. It was presumed that they did not join because the village offered too little to make it worth their while. The rest of the warriors were resolved to help the poor villagers.
Peace off!
The door opened wider and Casey Sandman filled up the doorway, her small, brown eyes sparkling like fireworks. “Of course!” she smiled, easily. “She was here, but left about ten, come in, have a cup of tea.”
2. How Do Virus Removal Systems Work?
I'm back at work on The Shade Of The Moon, having written eight pages yesterday, and only intending to delete five of them.
Now, trying to get a beer at these bars was a dangerous proposition. First of all, I was 16 years old and my brother was 14. Second of all, if my parents found out that we were in a bar, we definitely would not have made it to 17 and 15, respectively. And lastly, back then the neighborhood was a different place than it is today. People looked out for each other and that included other people’s kids. If we attempted to get served at one of the local bars, one phone call and we would be dead meat before we got home.
The highway approaches the foothills and into view comes La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís ('The Royal Town of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi'), or Santa Fe as it has been known for most of its 400 years. Today the city sprawls outward from the hills across the plain, with vast subdivisions spreading miles in every direction. A British city of a similar population (67,000) would be far smaller, but that's the West for you; like the horizons, the houses, yards and vehicles are wide.
The dumb and dumber attempt by Government to spin the Austerity Treaty as the “Stability Treaty” was junked by leading Eurocrat Jean Claude Junker himself today.
Yeah, I think so too.
It’s sad to say that a lot of the places I have worked over the years no longer exist. For a while I had wondered if I was somehow the Julia Duffy of local businesses.
That’s it for me for now. I have been very kindly nominated for a few awards and promise I will accept them when I break up. Thank you so much for my nominations :)
"The Borg Queen prefers her resident band The Strolling Drones to play in the holographic nightclub, rather than one put together by a computer." she says sniffily.
Other than that, I am pretty much happy at my new places - home and office. The most important thing is, I love my craft room filled with all-white furnitures. A dream comes true indeed! It is actually very simple but I just love it! In fact, I spend most of the time in my craft room now than before. Happiness, happiness =)
4. And yeah, the other thing we did too.
Telling a friend, her response, look at the spiritual implications.
John Jenkins Thompson built boats at the Horeseferry dock from 1830. The Horseferry Dock was named for a ferry which ran between Rotherhithe and Limehouse. The dock is now completely lost but was located immediately opposite the entrance to Regent's Canal Dock. Thompson built yachts and lifeboats until the 1840s when he began to build steamers including the Ariel (1844), the Brighton, the Dieppe and the Newhaven (all in 1847 and all with mahogany hulls for the Brighton and Continental Steam Packet Co.).
Description from Afrikanerboetie, the author of this video:
* “H” is never pronounced.
There's nothing quite like a trip on the train in the pursuit of lovely pints of well made beer to banish the mid winter blues. So when February offered up the opportunity of a trip to York to meet thirty other like minded beery souls for a Twissup, I jumped at the chance. York is a wonderful place for a beer weekend. It's got charm, history and antiquity in equal measure and some fantastic pubs too. Highly recommended.
Beginning our zig and zagging, we carefully checked out each shift before doing it since the rock had become incredibly slick and the small foot holds and occasional hand holds would not hold as well. Luckily, a lot of it had thick, solidly rooting bushes that for the most part did not try to kill you like the matagouri and spaniards, so we could hold onto them as we ascended, occasionally providing spotting and making foot holds with our hands.
sappy country song that i just wrote....
Dear Fellow beerlovers,
Before I continue I ask you each to remember the Jesus who has saved you. How do we know that the Jesus of your experience and the Jesus of mine is the same? We know by his teachings. God’s teaching is not new – It has been the same for thousands of years, It is incorruptible, and always true throughout time and circumstance. You can test the message I am writing to you by that standard.
Even before this transaction was finalized, though, things had already started to change. We have seen the latest Xperia devices being unveiled without the Ericsson branding (like the Sony Xperia Ion and the Xperia S). But we feel like Sony’s plans are not fully portrayed by these devices.
I’m sharing this useless information with you because that brings me to my weirdest pet peeve. I didn’t know what a pet peeve was, so I looked it up on Wikipedia of course.
Maris Otter Pale Malt - 76.1%
Cats...I'm forever serving that cat. I'm a slave to it.
I’m as disturbed (and secretly exhilarated) by American excess, our multi-colored and advertising-drenched aisles of toothpastes and dental floss (whitening, tartar control, pro-enamel, sensitive gums, etc.), the unending shelves of cereal for the sugar junkies and health nuts alike, the thrumming rows of frozen vegetables, microwave meals and bagel pizzas.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang their except those that sang best. – Henry van Dyke, 1852-1933
A few months ago, I showed you guys this quick and easy DIY headband storage system. Since then, I’ve been dying to show you my jewelry organization system, but with our cross country move, I sort of put it on the backburner. But now that we’re settled and moved in, backburner be gone!
The other interesting part is something we haven’t heard in an Iamamiwhoami song yet. Jonna Lee confesses “I’m taking all, am I taking you all. I was the rascal taking all, am I taking you all?” and her vocals are not effected. Sure, there’s compression applied to provide cohesiveness, but she’s singing in a lower register and has no bells and whistles. It provides a raw, broken down feel to the comedown to the song.
The pattern loops in cycles, after the nine chords are used it returns to the first chord to start the nine chord loop again.
Elvis was not the American Dream, Elvis was the Human Dream – to rise on talent and tenacity alone – to become The King.
But attitude change is a relatively small ambition when it comes to communication.
What’s funny is that the guy in Honestly didn’t start his relationship singing that.
This post is a part of the 10 Days of... Series at iHomeschoolNetwork. Check out the other amazing homeschool bloggers who are participating in the writing challenge by visiting the landing page there.
And I hate to say it, chaps, but sorry for the surface noise on some of these recordings. It's difficult to find Embassy records in Excellent condition, and what we've got is the best I can obtain at the moment.
So for now, I'll just enjoy the time I have...
65. Do a 5K for a month for the whole year.
Why Mista Jaycee? Why is that not true?
75 g white chocolate, chopped into smallish pieces, or chocolate chips
Clowns have such a bad rap. It’s funny how they started out in culture as harbingers of joy because these days, they’re connected more with hiding in dark corners and waiting to kill than with making balloon animals. The horror genre is notorious for exploiting how freakish they can be. It’s up to us to call out five perpetrators of this crime.
Sorry, but Malaysians have woken up.
I wonder what her bathroom’s like.
And then, in the confusion which followed, “one of this man’s apparent comrades, Piet Rudolph, waved a firearm in front of the face of a young Boer who also was present at the meeting”, he said.
I will be sharing my chocolate chip muffin recipe today. My kids just love these. They are usually all gone within an hour of them coming out of the oven! I hope they will be a hit in your house, as well. It always makes me feel good to know that my children are eating something healthy and wholesome that I have prepared myself. :-) I look forward to seeing what delicious recipes you link up!
And if they get away with this, how long before they decide having white hair excludes you from surgery, or other treatment, on the grounds that you might not live long enough to derive the maximum value from it, thus it’s not worth the expense?
18. Retribution - Out Of Order
3. Cardigan was a last minute thing. Probably the last cardigan you'll see on here for a few months.
I would protect this bud of passion’s rose
The count down has begun, again. Our vacation officially starts in T-minus 6 days. I cannot wait. We are flying into Spokane, Washington and driving the four hour drive across the border this year. (Way cheaper!) Check out here, my countdown last year to our vaca!
Rnd 9) Knit 2, knit 2 together around
This really is ridiculous, and not typical of what life has been like over the last ten-fourteen years but sadly it's still not outside the realm of possibility.
Still has not Tommy ever been used, ever his blood split for others gain, his very death a use in this war of propaganda, fake veneration by treacherous politicians to stir the people, oh they want us then, the patriot the fool, the unaware, wave flags and cry for them, stand stiffly, applaud even but it is all for show, all for propagandas purpose though even in this supposed clever age few know it. So the red tops preach hate and the broadsheets craft it better, the hatred is ratcheted up and we rush to war, still this enemy mine, this enemy yours, simply walks through the gate, this oh so very radicalised enemy permitted entrance by the door.
And, while we are in a speculative mode, what about the next number in the Fibonacci sequence, 89? Should this be read as suggesting—if the most personal reading by me is again indulged in—that there may be (now that I have just turned 86) only three more years (if that!) during which I may become somewhat aware of what more I do not know? However all this may be, I do anticipate that, for years to come, some of you will recall that you first heard of the Fibonacci numbers on this occasion, even if you cannot recall who it was who invoked this sequence and why he did so.
We stayed in the charming city of Arles and I instantly fell in love with the rustic stones and the faded pastels that made up the sweet homes and shops lining the twisting cobblestone streets.
"My mama and daddy had certainly left me a mess to sort out, and I couldn't think of a single verse of scripture that was going to comfort me as I came to terms with an adulterating daddy, a resurrected mama, and an expectant mistress with an imaginary fiance."And another author I met was Paul Von Ward, who wrote Soul Genome. I've run into him a time or two since I first met him two years ago, and he has signed three of his books for me: Our Solarian Legacy, The Soul Genome, and Gods, Genes, and Consciousness.
“Me either…” Derrek said with a drained tone.
It wouldn’t be long now. The right moment. Just the right moment when she would realize with certainty what her transgression had been. She’d acknowledge him then. She would have to!
I watched as he wrapped the belt around his hand until it was short enough to use OTK and then he pulled me over. He told me to put my free arm behind my back so he could hold my hand. He told me that this was a punishment and it wasn't likely to be soft or over very soon. I nodded.
President
Even a match made in heaven, may have to go through hell to survive!
The Mikkeller 10 IPA was exactly how I remembered it. Fresh, lively and bursting full of juicy citrus hop delights. Port Brewing Co's Hop 15 reminded me of Mikkeller's 10 but had a slightly more tart grapefruit and tangerine notes and a much more pronounced lingering hop bitterness.
I want to thank my readers for supporting me over the years with your subscriptions to OPE zine and with your words of encouragement.
Opinion: I like it. It’s cool and adventurous and that amount of different that I love. It’s got an amazing meaning, three syllables and an alright nickname: Minnie. It’s on my top twenty (number 14, I think). It’s also the name of a Roman goddess of Wisdom and Invention. Which rocks. It’s an all around good name, in my books. But a little offbeat, which some don’t like.
Okay, because I am so far behind and really needed the mass amounts of inspiration at last weeks party. We are going to have a lot of Easter/Spring themed features. I'm not saying I'll get around to doing any of these before Easter. But you all should be rewarded for being so on top of things.
Watch the Men’s 3000m wild ride here on Tony Chung’s shorttrackhd: (and don’t forget to donate!)
Moondog Melon Gibson (VIC) - from the legendary 'mullet series', we've got our hands on the last few drops of this beer from the nutcases down at Moondog brewing.
5. Those Native Americans knew what they were doing by putting pine boughs beneath their tents (or teepees) to help keep the cold and wet out.
Among the first within the Orthodox world was the Lavra (Monastery) of the Holy Trinity outside of Moscow, founded by St. Sergius in the 14th century. His vision of the common life was seen as an earthly icon of the Divine Life of the Holy Trinity in which each of the Divine Persons shared a common life. The monastery was itself a place of spiritual rebirth for the Russian land as it began to come out from under the oppression of the Tatar yoke. The spiritual life of Holy Trinity monastery was a spiritual awakening for the land when Russians remembered that they were brothers of one another and shared a common life. This common life became the strength that allowed them to assert their freedom.
Y for YIPPEE !!! :-)
Here are 7 things about me:
The 4-6″ of heavy wet snow that we woke up to is more snow than we’ve received all winter here in northcentral PA. The robins and bluebirds are probably wondering who turned down the heat, but I know they will be fine because they were back last year by the beginning of April when the snow just wouldn’t give up. (In case you’re wondering, my grandpa remembers snow in PA during May about 35 years ago, so this is not the latest that we’ve ever seen snow in PA!)
Many of the damaged trees are in parks and near schools, it's unlikely that children are going to have enough awareness to consider falling tree limbs a danger. Most trees I saw had little more than some yellow
1 nightmares
So I scratched out a quick rag for the hands free device violation and walk back up to the driver door. She tells me she couldn't find them. So I politely tell her that I'll give her a verbal warning on those missing documents and she'll just have to deal with the hands free violation which incidentally I told her was not a moving violation meaning no point on her driving record.
List five things that push your buttons?
The next morning we had breakfast, played more, got a little piano practice in for the girls. Vicki has four that take lessons. We then gave them a little tour of our town and then took the girls to the park.
Della Rovere’s sent for a priest, the same man who was in charge of all the food arrangements during the conclave. The priest asks Micheletto why he’s being summoned in the dead of night and Micheletto provides no answer as he ushers the priest in to the cardinal’s study. Della Rovere tells the priest he needs advice on a delicate matter: the deposition of a pope. The priest comments that’s a pretty dangerous thing.
So Longmire is on Sunday, June 3rd at 10pm EDT/9c on A&E. I hope you enjoy the show but don’t look to see me peeking around trees or dancing at the Red Pony; I think I’ll stick with writing books.
Chest: 51 1/2″
Lyra Skin Tones:- Hair 93409 & 93410. Skin 93405 & 93432 & 93408.
I'll be called a trader
Check out these Peplum Trends:
Thank you SO much for taking the time to come by today.
God is faithful,
Me: “You want a haircut like Puck’s? Puck from Glee?”
For me, it’s a weight, though. I walk into the basement and find piles and piles of things – some things are very neatly organized, but then there’s all the “stuff in transition”. Stuff that needs to be fixed. Stuff that needs to be opened and assembled. Stuff that I’m saving for a friend, for goodwill, or stuff that I’m compiling for an upcoming yard sale.
drwxrwxr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSvxfen
A goal oriented seller will always try to steer the meeting towards points that they want. they do checks to make certain the customer gets what they are selling and manages the questions as opportunities to get more insight in what the customer really wants out of the product/service to buy it. Then the goal oriented seller will use this information to try to close the deal in this meeting or if it’s a more complex sell at a later meeting. but always doing everything at the meeting with the goal to close the deal.
They are so sweet together. Little "R" is so gentle with her and loves to try and make her laugh. We had lots of giggles from both of them, and me to!
“I would like to take this opportunity to apologise to Cao Yupeng if he felt that my comments were insinuating he were a cheat.”
I informed him that since TV, video games, and computer had taken up the time he should have spent working on his project, I was taking those things away from him for 2 weeks. I believe I'll also give him a paper to write on the subject of lying and how it ruins trust and thus relationships. He'll have plenty of time to work on it since he'll be sitting in his room doing nothing more than homework and reading for the next 2 weeks.
So we have Gay Masses
(Coningsby, The Century Co., N.Y., 1907, p. 233).
12. Valmont's GoGo Pad (03:38)
Here's the deal
may the light become a part of you
Once everything is almost done you could go ahead and get the tortillas ready. I use my spray bottle of oil and my cast iron skillet to heat up corn tortillas on medium high heat. I think they taste so much better than microwaved corn tortillas, and I don’t believe in microwaves anymore since they make everything mushy so get out that skillet!
‘God’s center is everywhere, His circumference nowhere.’
"That'll do Moon, that'll do. You did you're best and that's all that I've asked of you. You tried and that's the main thing....now get off home, all of you, but make sure that you're appropriately dressed for later. I don't want to see any headbands or leggings...this isn't the fecking 80's!"
(Don't they know their flyers are heading straight for the drain?).
I doubted anyone would look twice at it and decided I should keep it and spin it for myself to see what it looks like. (well...maybe I liked the colours too much to part with it).
Under dictator Robert Mugabe, watching internet videos in Zimbabwe can be a capital offense, it would seem. The videos included BBC World News and Al-Jazeera clips, which Gwisai had downloaded from Kubatana, a web-based activist group in Zimbabwe.
"My guinea pig."
I also wonder whether going to products of three primes might work, if these more basic methods don’t solve the problem. RSA works just fine with products of more than two primes, and it is believed, you need to find all the prime factors to break it. If we used products of three primes, then a single GCD hit would be survivable, just as long as not more than one of your primes was reused. Again, I hesitate to make suggestions, because this is an area where you should really rely on experts. But it sounds reasonable to me.
Anyway, I came home at tore the curtain up immediately. No time to waste. Here are the steps in case you would like to give it a try.
“Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed: everything else is public relations.”
When we talk of pushing ideas, ideals and agenda, we go through the ballot box. When we talk of revolution, justice and retribution, revenge and getting even, we wait for the polls. No military coup or people-movement blocking the gates of parliament for us. No secretly concocting Molotov cocktails in the backroom.
The identity theft goes unnoticed until someone files their tax return and is rejected.
“You know that place between sleeping and awake, that place where you can still remember dreaming? That’s where I’ll always think of you.”
whispered the usual comforts
If there is still room, I'll include
The glyphs follow a particular progression, and are intended to move from Imix (dragon) to Ahau (the sun), or from the birth of existence to realization of the highest ideal. Some of these archetypal glyphs appear in other traditions, like Cimi (death), Lamat (star), Muluc (moon), Oc (dog), and others have a distinctly Maya flavour to them, such as Ix (jaguar) or Etznab (flint).
There were many stories this week that battled for primacy of place in the Pantomime; but for many reasons the Prime Minister’s appearance at Machel Monday on February 13th earned top position. The incident took place at the start of the week and threw most of the nation into a total tailspin, not because her presence at fetes are unexpected; indeed, like any Trini worth her salt, the PM seems to have racked up more feting time than office hours since her return from the India Extravaganza. It seems too that on her way back from India she made a stop in London to buy a pair of pricey Louis Vuittons that she showed off to the crowd at Machel Monday. The PM’s detractors were loudly critical of her appearance on the stage as well as her dress code. Those in favour of the PM and desperate for this govenment to remain relevant and in power immediately dismissed the furor over Kamla’s inappropriate dress code as a “non-story”, what’s the fuss about? Do we question Rowley’s underwear? The level of moral relatavism that was employed to shift from the real issue at hand was a clear sign that the supporters of this government have grown desperate. To not see those boots as vulgar and inappropriate and a symbol of what this government, certainly its Prime Minister, has come to represent to significant portions of the population, is to put one’s head in the sand. Kamla mounted a stage in an ad hoc manner representing not her private self, but the country as PM, and sought to honour a soca artiste with an award that is yet to be named, and whose reason is yet to be explained, dressed in exactly the sort of ostentatious bling that we decry in the nation’s youth when we talk of their value systems. What made our PM this last Monday a role model to the nation in any real sense? What made her a leader or stateswoman in that stunt on stage? Come Carnival Monday and Tuesday she intends to jump with Trini Revellers in a section whose theme is based on Africa….more pappy show for the masses. Take that in all yuh gaaaar!
At least I have friends to go to school with. Friends who love, support, and care for me. My cousin this morning took me away from the table and upstairs to ask me what was wrong. My friends have been making me feel a lot better, considering that this morning I was sobbing.
Most recent ticket stub: Contraband
I could go on, but I don’t want to dwell on the negative. Bear in mind, that was not my first time to Ukraine. I used to own a business here, and I’m very seasoned in Eastern Europe… so corruption and bureaucracy does not ruffle me in the least.
So, onward dear reader, and complete this scientifically rigorous study of “scone” pronunciation. For armed with accurate figures the oral abominations of CBeebies hosts, bakery show contestants, and people who just say it differently to the way you do may never be defeated.
The issue is that this is my third Mothers Day in a row pregnant (two years ago, we were publicly pregnant with Elizabeth and last year we were secretly pregnant Bean) and my second as a bereaved mother. In other words, yet another pseudo-Mothers Day where the lovely people in my life do what they can to recognize me, but Hallmark doesn't exactly make cards for this crap.
the sentiment and a space to write too
And when I called him on my way home to inform him that I had been "delayed"? He worried about the car - I said, "No, um, I hit a little traffic. Then I stopped to get gas....across the street from the outlets and I had to go buy shoes and clothes and a new Kate Spade purse...." He laughed and said, "I can't wait to see everything." And he meant it. When I got home and showed him my new Cole Haan shoes that I practically stole from the outlet? ($1000 of shoes for $200? Yes I did!!), his response was, "Those are beautiful! Try them on for me!" Not kidding.
Happy Mother's Day (belated I know) to all the mums out there - may your days be filled with cuddles and kisses and precious handmade gifts,
You already know about my natural inbred weakness for the Velvet Underground and the utilization of various forms either developed or extrapolated on by this musical act which have been borrowed, lifted or developed on throughout the late-sixties and seventies ny more than the handful of acolytes the likes of Jann Wenner would care to admit. And, as you also undoubtedly know, I still have an almost infantile weakness for the Velvets and their various progeny who have helped create some of the most vibrant and electronic energy throughout those years. This weakness is evident even to the point where I continue to cherish coming across a variety of references (mostly written while the group was still functioning or recently deceased) where various scribes would compare certain acts boht up-and-coming as well as established to the Velvets in various musical capacities as if this was perhaps one of the most intelligent and crowning achievements in said group's entire kultural makeup.
For the high-density inner cities of course, Von Rectangle envisaged multi-story car parks towering high above the ring roads and pedestrian precincts, where people would find easily-accessible ample car parking spaces amongst the concrete pillars and supports that would bring a bright new futuristic sheen to their car parking experience under the florescent lights of a throbbing metropolis. A place where the air would always be fresh and the high-speed lifts would whisk people from the parking decks down to the pedestrian shopping paradises at ground level. Or, if people preferred, they could take a leisurely stroll down the bright well-lit stairwells and delight in meeting and passing the time of day with all manner of interesting people as they passed each other on those stairs.
-Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Moules Mariniere (serves 2-4, depending on appetite)
Go to comicsuk forum to see more images of Steve Bell's comic work..
When I was in fifth grade my English teacher picked five of us in the class to be in a weekly writers group that met every Thursday morning. I wrote my first ‘book’ then and enjoyed it more than anything else at school. I wish I could say it’s been downhill from there, but it was several years before I tried to write another book.
Several years ago, back when I lived just a few blocks from downtown Fargo, my friend Bayard and I stayed at Lauerman's, a bar that's not there anymore, until closing time. It was around 1:30am when we started walking home, and it was a lovely summer's night. We hadn't had so much to drink that we were impaired, really, and I remember the night clearly.
"I wish to abolish hunger!" writes in Janet Wolcott of Greensboro, Vermont
Strange how things are turning out. John Huntsman drops out and endorses Mitt Romney, and now Rick Perry hangs up his spurs and offers his reins to Newt Gingrich! All that campaign rhetoric about "Washington Insiders" and Perry endorses the one with the most questionable honesty and integrity? I can almost hear the music starting and stopping and starting and stopping. It almost seems as if the Party favorites are all acting out in a never ending play of musical chairs designed to distract the American Citizen from choosing the only real candidate who actually believes in America.
Despite the approval of a major publisher like Thomas Nelson, which also sells other more established translations of the Bible, The Voice is not without its opponents, including many critical online reviews.
4. Keegan Bradley. Hits a long, high ball, which will be great if the fairways are soft. But I can’t root for anybody with a long putter to win at the temple of golf. Sorry Kay, Pat and Chris.
Congratulations to Alexandra who will become a character in a Dulcie O'Neil short story anthology.
I first came across Powerfox and Ponymane last winter when they began to create weekly videos during the final Idol rounds in which they mirrored the themes of the week with their own fabulous renditions of pop songs. In doing so they ended up putting the actual Idol contestants to shame because – with the exception of the endlessly awesome Siobhan Magnus – Power and Pony were more entertaining and better singers than any of them. Yep, I said it. Judge for yourself:
Skin darkened, sporting darker mustaches
A bit earlier from me tonight and now I need to move all my crafty goodies from the kitchen and replace them with ingredients for dinner. We fancied salad and jacket spuds when deciding what to have last night but on a cold and wet day like today that just doesn't feel right does it?
¼ t whole cumin seeds
We didn't bring everything, just a few handguns. All things considered a wonderful way to start the new year.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll out the puff pastry into a single sheet about 1/2 inch thick; it should be the same size as a 17×14 inch baking sheet. Place the pastry onto the baking sheet, and prick all over with a fork.
Stars jiggled, black holes blinked, something rusty-sounding spat quantum bits into the Antimatter Pulse Primer. Then -
Just months before the U.S. is about to dedicate an international prison in outer space for business, the President’s daughter (played by Maggie Grace) takes a tour on a humanitarian mission. A small lapse in the new prison’s security system results in the release of America’s most dangerous criminals – previously contained through chemically induced sleep.
autumn evening
“One took place in Paiyee, and the other in the area of Watak near Akora Khattak,” he said.
Starting Weight: 193 (this is by far the HEAVIEST I have ever weighed)
1 jalapeno, roasted, peeled and seeded
I originally balked at the price but I knew I would have to pay a lot for a long down coat. I could not believe how light weight it is. It is warm, flattering, very easy to wear. My work colleagues were jealous. We seem to have been in a down coat competition this year. Mine is the longest and keeps my legs warm. I have received complements on this coat from strangers in the street., I bought this parka for my mom. It’s really nice. She liked the color and the style….
I hesitated before posting these testimonials—many of which were posted on amazon.com and barnesandnoble.com—because I’m not comfortable tooting my own horn. But then I realized that it wasn’t about me and that if I were a fan of the book, Id like to know what other readers had to say about it.
When nightfall comes, I will linger on the steps of old churches, and close my eyes to listen to imaginary chimes and hymns ringing, and my face shall glow in the moon like the face of Moses. I will inhale the pleasant poisonous vapors of jasmine and honeysuckle and suck the volcanic nectar from their dainty yellow trumpets until my soul is aflame with joy.
In 2005, Egyptians voted in a new parliament. Members of the Brotherhood ran as independents and, shockingly, won a quarter of the assembly's 454 seats. This despite election fraud, intimidation, massive arrests of Brotherhood members and vote rigging by Mubarak's henchmen. (Click here to read an informative take on the Brotherhood's parliamentary gains in this Council on Foreign Relations report by Sharon Otterman, Dec. 1, 2005.)
I like the mixture of me and chance.
Well, if believing in these Godmen changes our life for the better then one must go and worship any of them.....Buttttt if believing in them can't improve things in our life then i feel that we should stick to the belief and basics of our religion and should not believe in any such thing which surpasses our own understanding of life.....
Zucchini Coconut Flour Pancakes
Not necessarily so, my friends – that’s bad PR. You have to invest in relationships, like we are with this meeting tomorrow – get to know them, what they cover and what they’re interested in, and then pass them things that will genuinely tick those boxes.
Weather: somewhere warm and sunny, without the hassle of house, and land, and husband; just a place where I can relax and be me. Fat chance!.
"No," I answered, "But we work on his Mandarin a lot." That's the simple answer. The more complicated one is that Grandma (Nen Nen) speaks Chinese, but Cantonese, not Mandarin. She took some in school, of course, but it seems that her Mandarin is about as good as my French. Which means it isn't. But, she has also jumped on the bandwagon of learning a little Mandarin in order to help her grandkids learn. That helps a lot because, even though Cantonese and Mandarin are two completely different languages, I think her pronunciation would have to be better than mine. And, the more people who at least try to speak the language at home, the more the kids will see it as important and "the thing to do."
“Someone I like?”
I can sleep in a foxhole with little to eat.
What I mean is, I don't trust my kids in the way traditional parents mean when they talk about trusting their kids.
1 cup low-salt chicken broth
Preheat the oven to 325°
For most of those six years he lived with cancer as well as anyone could.
“The pebbles are the other things that matter like your job, your home, your car.”
sugared bliss and rue—-as if true love
Do I dare think I love you? I’ve only known you for 10 days, but I would marry you if you asked. I’m not impulsive like that… so what is it about you that makes me want to leap? You’re kind, gentle, caring, patient, giving, loyal, loving, sincere, honest, hard-working… a total catch in my eyes.
PS A big shout-out to the guys and girls from Beer Deluxe who worked so well to make the night a success. To Sam and Siobhan, Evan, James & Gene and to Quentin and his kitchen crew; well done!
thin brass wisps
“Not much grazing to be had,” suggested D.
“We call upon people to refrain from shopping, walk out of class, take the day off of work and other creative forms of resistance disrupting the status quo,” organizers said in an April 26 e-mail.
2. Runoff Implications of Expanded Surface Parking.
Why do we put so much trust into a book that was pieced together hundreds of years ago? Its been translated a countless amount of times. Who made the decisions about what to leave out and what to include?
Late last week, I got an email from a client asking why her latest release wasn't available as an eBook in the UK. Bemused, I emailed her to say that we had only sold North American rights to her US publisher and hadn't done a subrights deal for that territory as of yet. The US publisher didn't have the right to make its edition available in Great Britain. In fact, there shouldn't be any edition of her book being sold in that territory.
8 ounces chocolate cookies
Shaky fingers? Fear? New specs?
My first spontaneous reaction obviously involved a few expletives, but on the second thought there is no need to be spoiled. This may even be a blessing in disguise. Other places in Germany propose full Ring cycles too. Time to discover places, creative works of others... So what are the options? Frankfurt, Essen, Hannover, Freiburg and even Mannheim! See below the list with links to all operas.
Time to open them up and dig in!
and I am afraid I am not handling it well.
Caught in a maelström of emotions she closed her eyes. I could see her hands trembling as they clutched the bars of the rocking chair on which she was half-reclining.
2. In mixing bowl. combine cake mix, mandarin oranges, mandarin orange juice, egg and oil. Beat for 2 minutes with electric mixer. Pour into pans and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cake test comes out clean. Cool in pan for 5 minutes, turn out of pans and finish cooling on wire racks.
Train and retrain managers and employees – in the ideas of engagement as well as the behavior of engagement. (Use real customers!)
When the computer goes a gentle shade of grey – not dirty mouse grey, more of a “first boots through the snow” grey – when this happens, tap the power button again and sing the first three bars of “Yucatan Sam”.
There was a time when I regularly bought LPs on their day of release, even to the point of waiting outside music shops so as to rush inside the minute they opened so as to be heading homewards with a brand new LP clutched in my sweaty paw by 9.01 am. Happy days. Since the advent of the CD and now Downloads that initial enthusiasm has waned for the most part although some items have been snapped up immediately but these days that just means clicking the pre-order button.
Photo courtesy Wells Fargo
We met up with my parents out at The Legends. They were taking us out to lunch for my birthday. We did a bit of shopping, and I think I need to go back. It has been a while since I'd been and there are some good outlet stores out there!
two photos for comparison:
I also wanted to share with you the website that I get my workouts from. It's called BODYROCK.tv and it's awesome. I'll post a link here to the homepage and you should definitely check it out. I will warn you the videos can be very intimidating, but they will break it down for even the newest beginner. Also, another warning the girl doing the videos is wearing some tight and tiny clothing some days, but after doing these workouts, I understand the lack of clothing, baggy t-shirts and long basketball shorts are very frustrating when completing a move. So even my wardrobe has changed a little since doing these exercises. And another thing, my looks NOTHING like the girl in the video, so no worries. I still have a little post baby pouch that is hanging around much longer than I want it to! I'm hopeful it will be gone soon!
I have a confession to make. I am having a mid-life crisis. While I saw it coming, I am somewhat surprised by my not-so-graceful entrance into middle- age (undoubtedly, made worse by my son’s eighth grade graduation). Call it what you may, but I have this undeniable urge to discover what lies ahead for me -to redefine and reinvent-and essentially, to change myself. This is unnerving for me, as I hate change. All of this got me thinking … is the life insurance industry facing a mid-life crisis of its own?
The message I left was this:
Nostalgic Sicilian salad, for one
Well, "true prophets" were the ones who did it and no matter what they say, it makes them look bad. In the end, true prophets of god were extremely racist and no amount of "we don't know" explaining it away will help.
Basically, the emergency services have finally arrived at the scene of the horrendous car crash that was the 13 year NuLabour experiment, and are making stern faces, putting on their helmets and setting up the rescue equipment.
Sunny pictures from Thailand coming up shortly, in the meantime you can check the posts from last years Thailand trip in the january and december archive if you feel like it.
I actually dropped one of these in the store by accident and it held up very well! The packaging appears to be pretty sturdy and is nice for the girl on the go. The blush flips up revealing a compact brush and mirror. A nice addition! Very convenient.
polyachka: why do people do it? they still belive in OLPC’s idea?
This day is Mother’s Day, and I
Elena Perminova, after Stella McCartney, Paris, March 2012.
I never felt completely comfortable doing Seo. On one hand it was a remarkable and addictive game,on the other it seemed artificial and incongruent. All the time, I was writing and editing content for the principal goal of hyperlink constructing I was not playing to my strengths as a writer, academic and long-time entrepreneur. In several ways, I lost my bearings and became swept away by the rush of getting higher rankings at the cost of lower quality.
"Then", they continued, "Brother Bill helped our village and many of our brothers and Fathers and others worked together to build this beautiful school we have today. So, From Little Things Big Things Grew!". I was impressed with the connection these children had made, thanked them for sharing the story and went to move on to other lessons.
For the best understanding of the following materials, it will probably be advisable to read the manuscript first, form one’s own conclusions, and then continue with the following text. That should make this post easier to understand. It may also produce some surprises. Not all readers will see things as the reviewers did.
Kiss your wife (or husband or GF or BF, or whatever) goodbye and say "I love you" every time you leave the house. Every time. And mean it.
I shivered in the cool morning breeze. It was 7:00 a.m., or a little past, on the first day in May, and it wasn’t nearly warm enough to be out walking around in the stupid thin T-shirt and short shorts they made us wear for gym.
Ha..
And if you happen to find something you like use coupon code Blog15 to save 15 percent on your purchase at checkout. Available to blog followers.
'I enjoy my job.'
There were two dolls left behind.
BTW, Shrek the Third was hilarious, perhaps even better than the second Shrek. I do love me some Gingy and Puss though...
Tarte Jewelry Box soft pink, eggplant matte shades
Snacks: Fistful of almonds and hazelnuts, 1/2 cup tea sweetened with honey
The papers are from my stash and I have coloured the images with copics. The charm is from The Secret Garden on Da Wanda and the button is from Blooming Felt.
I beg for miracles and then I breathe
Sometimes we fall prey to believing that God is not concerned, and that He does not lead us in our work life. We are tempted to think that He leads us in other areas, but not in our daily workplace. The truth is that God is in every aspect of life and desires to direct us.
My Intention for 2011: Passion
Baptism was not some new thing that John the Baptist started. For most purification ceremonies, immersion into a mikvah was a standard ritual prescribed by Torah. We just finished studying the Torah portion Metzora, which describes the purification rituals for cleansing a leper and a leperous home. Before a cleansed leper could return to a state of ritual purity (levitically speaking) he would need be immersed in a mikvah, or in other words, get baptized. (Leviticus 14:9)
In the ten years to 2006, the UK economy was growing exceptionally quickly (3.2% pa) by historical standards. People felt better off, but they were not necessarily actually better off
TOTAL 3,540
she found a big pile of poop
A lazy afternoon, wrapped in the lethargy of a whole night and morning spent at office. Fortunately it is a holiday, so I can be comparatively at ease. (Only comparatively as already new work has started piling up!) I want to start reading the new collection of poems ‘the great enigma’ by Tomas Transtromer. Had bought it a few days back but couldn’t start it because of the work load.
But nothing in this fortifies the case for the compulsory tampering with Alf’s bread.
It is a real honor and pleasure to sponsor Stamp Something, and we look forward to seeing all the amazing creations. We thank the design team for their incredible creations, and wish all the participants the very best of luck in this challenge.
As one of Her Majesty’s Counsel, learned in the law, Keir Starmer has to face up to the fact that here is a senior Tory Party official who has given a clear intimation to a potential donor, that in return for, and on condition of, the payment of a large sum of cash, that donor would be given direct access to the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and influence in the Number 10 policy committee, for an “awesome” business advantage, not enjoyed by others.
- Italian - While Baltimore has a famous and historic Little Italy, we usually head down the road to Chazz: A Bronx Original in Harbor East for Italian goodies. Chazz Palminteri, the actor, is one of the owners. We didn't meet him the first time we went, but the second time, we were caught sitting in "his" booth and he yelled at us. All in good fun, of course! Very memorable, indeed. Our favorites include the lamb meatball (on its own as an appetizer or on a pizza), the arugula/parmesan/red onion salad, linguine & shrimp fra diavolo, and the funghi (mushroom and goat cheese) pizza. A related recommendation is to check out Trinacria, a teeny Italian market not far from the Lex, on Paca St. Trinacria has been there for 100 years and in addition to having an extensive selection of imported goods, fresh breads, frozen prepared Italian goodies, and very cheap wine, they have amazing sandwiches and sweets! A fun place to get goodies for a picnic on top of Federal Hill or down by the water at the Harbor or in Fells Point.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself see or realize that the entirety of the experiences of me is a product of a system of abuse and I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to thus stop such experiences as me so to no longer support the abuse of life.
2. Our most impossible situations need the transforming power of the Spirit. Ezekiel describes how this happened in his vision. Can you imagine such power that makes dry bones to hear God’s Word, to come together, to form muscle and flesh, to breath, to stand at attention as an army? That is a transformation.
Island Creek Oysters (Cranberry Verjus, Osetra Caviar, Lily White)
Many of you who watch pictures from the good folks at Troma Films have already heard of this lady and probably have seen her in many a production. However, I feel it's necessary that she be introduced to a much-larger audience because, from everything I've seen, she deserves to be better-known.
the long and wondrous journeys
I want to invite you to keep talking to me. I want to tell you that I am a safe person to talk to. I will listen. I will hurt with you. I will not betray you. Everyone needs someone to talk to. You aren't alone; I want to tell you that.
Wondering where I have been? Well it has been a BUSY week....
Grieving, it seemed, was filled with surprises—some of them pure astonishment and others numbly shocking. And it was as organic as fertile earth.
Popcorn hulls - the part that usually gets caught between your teeth - was found to have the highest concentration of polyphenols as well as fibre, the researchers said.
It is, not surprisingly, thoroughly idiomatic. Since the first production in 1906 Maskarade has been Denmark’s national opera, and all the principals here have the music in their blood. Gert Henning Jensen may be a rather tremulous Leander, but he sounds appropriately youthful, and the love duets with his well-matched Leonora, Henriette Bonde-Hansen, are wonderfully touching (strong echoes of Brahms’s Liebeslieder waltzes here). Bo Skovhus is in superb voice as the Figaro-esque Henrik, though I wouldn’t have minded an even sharper sense of fun in the characterization; Michael Kristensen’s blockhead Arv is also a paler impersonation than his counterpart on the Unicorn-Kanchana set. Aage Haugland is in magnificent voice and almost steals the show in Act 1 as the crusty old Jeronimus; the vulnerable but lovable Magdelone of Susanne Resmark instantly brings a lump to my throat. Ulf Schirmer conducts with excellently judged tempos and an obvious deep affection for the idiom. Above all he has a grasp of the underlying momentum of each act, what Nielsen would have called the ‘current’.
Best Professor
- Sometimes we just need to be reminded of what we already know so we can put the ideas into practice.
I am thankful. My ego is quiet most of the time. I am honest always. And somehow, while everything is spinning madly around me, while egoes fight and chatter on, I remain constant, loving and happy. There are times, fleeting for the moment, where I am imperturbable. I am grateful to be lucky enough to experience this.
He said: ‘You hope that kind of thing doesn’t go on in this country. So I looked into it. There are hundreds of people earning millions per year who are barely paying 20 per cent tax, forget 40 per cent, forget 50 per cent, forget 30 per cent. They are not even paying 20 per cent.
When they go hunting, they extend their wings two metres long and hunt animals. They eat rabbits, birds and small sheep.They live in mountains and cliffs, where they put the nest and they have it for twelve weeks. It’s one of my favourite animals!
All you’re doing is telling your child that it is not okay for anyone to touch them, just as you’d tell them not to run on to the road, play with knives or matches or whack their sibling on the head with a bat.
But I have to come up with my own topics!!
Zinaman MJ, Clegg ED, Brown CC, O’Connor J, Selevan SG. Estimates of human fertility and pregnancy loss. Fertil Steril 1996; 65: 503-509.
There is no day that goes by that is not enlightened by the smiles and laughter of one of our precious babies...Daughters and Son-In-Laws included. It is such a joy to spend time with them and have the heart of our family in sync. It is so easy to enjoy a good life when you have such sweet family to share it with.
I know we've all had a bumpy ride (I’m secretly on your side)
So BrewDog say they paid their final deposit, whereas Camra say that BrewDog didn't pay the outstanding amount and pulled the plug because of this.
I went to watch it one rainy day a few weeks after the opening and was almost alone there. Having read reviews which claimed the duck-movie was a turkey that no one could save, I had low expectations but had decided to give the Duck a chance. After all the idea to transfer the comic book hero Howard the Duck to the screen wasn’t all bad. It was just in many ways poorly executed and hard to do in a convincing way back in the 1980s before CGI and other digital technology was available for moviemaking. As soon as I saw Howard on-screen I saw he was obviously an actor in a duck suit, but that didn’t stop me from being sucked into the story more and more. From my point of view I had much in common with Howard the Duck at that time in my life.
The keepers, according to the narrator, were merely fulfilling the same role as the herd would play in the wild. They were a trusted, loving circle for this mother elephant, and they took care of the steadying of the new life and the introduction of baby to mother, just as her herd members would have done on the African savannah.
No music in this one. Just a campaign for a fair payment. Ebsco Publishing took over The H. W. Wilson Company last year and made all staff redundant. It still won't follow the recommendation of the Irish Labour Court to make redundancy payments more in line with industry norms.
“Huzzah.”
The larger issue to address here is future accountability. Although former players like McMahon and the nearly 200 others who are participating in the lawsuit against the NFL have the right to demand accountability for the lack of action in the past, the more important concern is who will be responsible for prevention in the future. It certainly will not be the fans. Fans of the league champion the cause of concussion prevention in the offseason, but when September arrives, we all fall into the same trap, leaping up from the couch for every bone-crushing, brain-shaking hit. Of this, I’m as guilty as everyone else, so I certainly can’t suggest any sort of fan boycott. It’s so easy for fans to forget about destructive hits minutes after it has happened, but for the players involved, the effects can linger for days, if not much longer. As I said, the NFL and its owners have taken some initiative to improve matters, including changing rules and imposing fines and suspensions. But, altering the foundation of the game too much could prove disastrous for one of the most powerful and influential brands in the world.
Thanks for checking it out!
I have not written a single word of my work-in-progress since April 6th. That's almost two weeks. Today at lunch, I swear, I'll get a page or two written to start Chapter 11.
There's even a correction to Rosenthal's article, stating that she originally said that Nigeria was only the size of New Mexico and Arizona. The fact that she chose two (and later three) of the emptiest states in the country is telling. In fairness, the biggest states are the emptiest, and to find some that add up to 352,000 square miles with higher density would require more than the magic two or three. But choosing Arizona and New Mexico creates an unnecessary contrast that can distort the emotional impact.
On April 29th, 2012, Park Yoochun tweeted on his Twitter account, “At Jeollabuk-do, good weather,” and uploaded a photo.
Happy December! Only 15 days till I see my first born! What a day that will be!
In the NYU statement, Sexton and Provost David McLaughlin announced that the two parties had “resumed discussions, left off three years ago, on a possible merger,” also described as “the joining of our two institutions.” NYU’s expansion plans were barely hinted at: “Wouldn’t this location in Brooklyn - so vibrant and so near our own location in Manhattan - be a wonderful neighborhood of which to be a part in the future?”
French, W. L., Bell, C., & Zawacki, R. A. (1994). Organization development and transformation : managing effective change (4th ed.). Burr Ridge, Ill.: Irwin.
Needless to say when I came back I practically had to rebuild my car and the two of them had taken photos of themselves on my camera to further piss on my authority. Regardez:
True, I did write a couple of historical novels in my early twenties, but to all intents and purposes The Seeing Stone was my first novel. I was fifty-eight when I wrote it. And I really didn’t know how to write it, or whether what I was writing was any good. I showed it to my wonderful long term editor Judith Elliott after I’d written 80 pages, and then again when I written another 80… At the heart of my uncertainty were the crucial questions of viewpoint and voice, and pace, and yet I cannot truly claim that I spent hours agonising over them – Arthur’s voice just welled up, like so many of the book’s incidents, the voice of an eager, anxious, active, articulate, imaginative, impressionable young boy of 12 not at all unlike that of his author when he was a boy.
Then, I decided the grass looked a little wild so I took my scissors and gave it a hair cut. I just kept trimming until I was happy with the desired look.
That you are incapable of caring
“They’re asking how to play and how to pick the numbers,” she said.
fill it with homemade/bought goods,
- Time Machine restoration via a AFP share does not work
YUP,…GOOD OLD (worthless, hopeless, and dead in his sins) LAZARUS WAS COMING TO JESUS!
The card showed up in the mail early Thursday afternoon. After making a few fast phone calls to make sure things were in order and signing some revised paperwork, I become a dedicated computer programming student again Monday at 7 a.m. Look out, worldwide web! Here I come!
I’ve written numerous HDR posts. The common theme in each is that I prefer the resulting image to be 100% natural looking
This is the Nikon D3100.
20. There is a tradition that at 1 o'clock everyday at Edinburgh Castle a Hearts manager is fired.
We made cupcakes to take to Mary's for his actual birthday. We would tell him that it was his birthday and he would say he already had a birthday. He asked if he got another Thomas cake and we said no sprinkle cupcakes so he was ready for that. He ate a couple that night getting them ready to take the next day :-)
Mon – Fri: 11am – 3pm, 5.30pm – 11pm
The first book for children I enjoyed this year was Frances Hardinge's Gullstruck Island ( Macmillan), which came out in January. It took some getting into and runs to around 500 pages but it was thrilling to see this very unusual writer begin to command her talent.
- Cryer Reporter
Morgen: Me too, every dog-walking jacket. Some writers like quiet, others the noise of a coffee shop etc. Do you listen to music or have noise around you when you write or do you need silence?
RDT&E poses a significant risk and may increase the cost Canada pays. The RDT&E phase is yet to be completed, and with low rate production started, there remains significant risk of costs increases. Between 2001 and 2009, there have been growth figures of 40% for RDT&E and 54% for production.72 It is yet unclear how these costs will be distributed among purchasers. (page 36)
(Proverbs 15:17, Jewish/English Bible, JPS 1917)
1437 D-IX/23/2002. “Cavafy’s Waiting for the Barbarians—An Exercise.” Jurisprudence Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Most of the growths I have seen have been on pine trees. Check out this tree near one of carriage road bridges I recently visited:
With the colour scheme picked I got to work making my two U.I concepts.
Tsuruko: I can’t now. We’re just before the next exam, right?
My sister typed up all the memories that were emailed to us and I did a decorative punch on all the corners. We also got some hand written memories that we just put right into an envelope! This is my 3 year olds memory :)
The Supreme Court’s Dec. 5 decision not to hear the case leaves in place a federal appeals court ruling that upheld the city’s policy.
(There are competition winners too .... scroll down to see if you have won a Coles Myer gift card from my recent Air Wick Aqua Mist promotion .... and check your email inbox if you are a winner!)
Maurice J Kirk BVSc
Barack Obama’s jobs plan may be one of the worst policy proposals I’ve ever seen.
When the challenge closes on July 4, 2010, we will pick 7 Ginger Gems - fabulous creations that we feel really exemplify that challenge's objective. The Ginger Gems will appear in our wrap-up post and in a slide show in the blog bar for an entire week and their creators will have the honor of displaying our Ginger Gems blog badge.
We therefore request that, in the interests of transparency and full disclosure, Mr Masing should ascertain from his business partner and also his close female confidant how it is that these Doris and Sadiah came to acquire such a valuable timber concession on NCR lands just before the election?
An enormous 9.1-magnitude earthquake off Indonesia in late 2004 in roughly the same area triggered a tsunami in the Indian Ocean that killed an estimated 230,000 people, nearly three quarters of them in Aceh.
And consequently was early to the place.
MESSAGE TO THE SYSTEM
Beneath such dreamy weather"
Anyway, goodbye Florida. Thanks for the memories. And the herpes. I will be back.
But right and reasoned lore cry out against the lewd abuse. We don't know whether Sir Lawrence dabbled in alchemy, what we call chemistry now, but we do know that it was one of the great interests of the tutor of his younger years, Sir Thomas Smith, who was renowned for his personal laboratory, where he experimented with distilling the juices of plants into medicines that he used to doctor himself and his friends. This endeavor was misunderstood by the ignorant, and labelled sorcery, which may explain the poet's defensive tone. He continues:
Well, the father of the late Satoru Kobayashi publicly announced yesterday (the 16 year anniversary of his son’s death) that he would like the police to end the search for his son’s killer.
One of the important factors of selecting the WHERE of your meeting may be the experience that your participants received. The selection of WHERE and location can definitely leave attendees with a memorable experience. Just think – you could make such an impression by your selection that keeps attendees coming back for more!
It’s raining outside my window.
1/3 c. soy sauce
Here's a random sampling of what's rattling in my head:
Chris: Lol! :-) Damn good question! Is there something you haven’t told me about the truth of your gender? Sporting some extra equipment, maybe???
She betrayed him. She lay there so innocent in her unconsciousness, but she had apparently not forgotten how to betray him. Once again she intended to leave him, alone. After all he had done for her.
Yes, this sounds difficult, but without such action, we are heading in the very near future to a civil war that could very well be far, far worse than the breakup of Yugoslavia.
with the attitude she then held,
"OK, I'll call your counselor and find out. If they switched your classes, I want to know why. Maybe they made a mistake and you weren't supposed to be in honors in the first place. But I saw your test scores that indicated honors.... Hmmm, well, I'll talk to her and if you're in the correct classes and they're really that easy, then I'll see if you can drop the study hall and take a language instead.
No! Do not like confinement!
Two weeks ago, our church did communion down front, “Catholic style.” We all stood up and took the crackers and the little plastic cups from servers at the front of the auditorium. I brought my daughter, mostly because I didn’t want her getting into trouble way in the back while we were at the front. After I had taken communion, the sweet older ladies who were serving us leaned down to my daughter’s level and said (paraphrasing): “Jesus loves you very much, and this is the life he gave for you.” And she took her first communion.
Favorite Food Trade Event: The International Boston Seafood Show (IBSS) is a massive trade event, a showcase for purveyors of seafood, as well as related vendors. You'll find tons of free seafood samples and learn much, from sustainability to cooking. It is an engaging event and I wrote several posts about the show, including: Ten Things You Should Know, Five More Things You Should Know, The Key to Sustainability and Food of Interest. I was also quite pleased that I won iPura's First Annual Tweet & Blogfest for my coverage of the show. I am looking forward to defending my title, which I call the Fish Head Whisperer, at the IBSS next year too and highly recommend all food bloggers attend as well. I welcome the competition.
Thank you all for your kind words. It’s true, after 18 cycles, I will not be returning to America’s Next Top Model.
Sir Ralph the Rover walk’d his deck,
Interpretation of the Supreme People's Court on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Hearing Cases of Civil Disputes over Copyright have been adopted at the1246th Session of the Judicial Committee of the Supreme People's Court on October 12, 2002 and are hereby promulgated for implementation as of October 15, 2002.
In the struggle for independence which began with the opposition towards the Malayan Union in 1946, Malaysians as one nation participated in peaceful marches to indicate their dissatisfaction of further imposition of colonial rule. Today, Malaysians are calling for indisputable elections, the ultimate validation for a democratic Government. Although not all parties may agree that there is a pressing need for electoral reform within the country, AIM urges the Malaysian government to take a leaf out of Voltaire’s book when he said, “I may not agree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it”.
Sincerely,
If you want to understand the art of confrontational anti-capitalism, look no further than this Organizing Manual produced by one of the leading organizers of confrontational street (and flotilla) demonstrations. Pay special attention to the sections entitled, “198 Methods of Nonviolent Action” and “Tools for White Guys who are Working for Social Change and Other People Socialized in a Society Based on Domination”. Below is an excerpt from their section about the intentional tactic of getting arrested.
Publication Year: 2007
More blessed and holy- More Savior, like thee.
3 numbers
and acquire that possession which puts the seal on all the others,
Oh my gosh flowers!
We are all elated to announce that there is ONE healthy baby in there. The parents are so excited! We are already at 6 weeks and had our first ultrasound today. Their baby is the size of a peppercorn, but not only did we see the heart beating we also got to hear it!! It was so unbelievable that something SO small truly (visibly) has life! And not only does it have a beating heart, but the brain is developing and connecting to the spinal cord, the kidneys, liver, eyes, ears, mouth and little buds for arms and legs have begun to form. It's unbelievable!! I am truly astounded every time I see an ultrasound. These precious little ones are such an amazing gift from God and I am so excited that these two people get to become parents for the first time. September 1st is the official due date.
I got to the bathroom, it’s unisex, no biggie. I get to the doors, I can’t tell where the outline is! Panic sets in! I was just standing there with my arm kind of extended trying to figure it all out. Luckily a guy came in at the same time and said, “I think you just push the wood.” So I did, and the night was saved. Okay, maybe that’s a bit dramatic, but when have I ever shied away from drama?
Inside Art: J. Fuente
Evidently some asshole religious leader is advocating a large-scale burning of copies of the Qur'an; I can't go along with that, I have to say. There are a lot of people in the Muslim religion that consider kafirs (non-Muslims)to be enemies, but that is no reason to be causing this sort of disrespect, any more than it would not be proper for them to do this sort of thing to the Talmud or the Bible. This country is partly based on the idea of freedom of religion, whether the other religion likes us or not. If you think I'm wrong, fine; it's how I feel.
Hope you all had a creative Saturday :)
She said: “Women working in the media continue to face double standards, yet we know the public want to see, hear and read contributions from a diverse range of presenters, journalists and actors, not just – thankfully – the beautiful.”
Always trying to improve earnings and help their users monetize their own blogs, Google has released "Google Affiliate Ads for Blogger"!
6. I sometimes get really tired of crocheting :(
That silence tears through flesh like a grenade in a man’s gut.
It is precisely because there are angry people across the country that the ANC is in the mess it is today. It is because the ANC is indeed “misdirected” and after 14 years has failed substantially to improve the lives of ordinary people that there is growing anger.
First they will be a defined procedure with safeguards and costs involved. This will drive home that an abortion is not something done on a whimsy or as an alternative form of 'birth control' but something that is destructive, invasive and has risks attendant to it. This is done through State and local regulation, but requires an attitude change to remind people that there is no such thing as a free lunch in the medical community. Also put abortion clinics under all malpractice law... if you want to see tort reform and limitations on pay-outs, putting these people under those venues will start that off, nicely.
Account Type:
The purpose of such aggression is to gain concessions benefiting their own group - to promote or defend jewish power and interests.
As the emotional impact of this began to sink in, I looked back at Mother Ayahuasca. Her ancient face lit up even more than before with laughter and joy. Her amazing eyes seemed to grow until that was all I could see. I felt more truly uplifted and supported in that moment than I had ever been since infancy, held in the loving arms of my own mother. . . and the vision faded away . . . and was gone.
That's true but they can't do everything for themselves. It is a mistake to think that once they're out of diapers they can 'go make their own lunch'- so to speak.
When the day finally come, he was so excited he could hardly keep still. Actually, keeping still wasn’t easy for him at the best of times so he was jumping about like a grasshopper on speed that day.
It's amazing how the simple act of taking a few deep, cleansing breaths can affect your body. Yoga is perfect for helping you to gain control over your mind and your body. Deep breathing, staying in the moment, calming the mind and relaxing the body are what I practised this morning. Staying in the moment and calming my mind were the most difficult, as my mind was constantly distracted by the impending meeting. Nevertheless, I was still able to stretch out my body, so I wouldn't have that clenched jaw and shoulder look at my meeting, and I was able to enter the meeting standing tall and open-chested, breathing deeply, composed and focussed. Thanks to yoga.
3 large eggs
As the audience will expect, romance develops between the two while they escape together. A dramatic climax, filled with typical Hindi movie drama and of course, a horse ends the show. Sachin–Jigar’s musical score is quite pleasant to the ear and suits the story line. Riteish and Genelia’s sizzling on screen chemistry lifts up the otherwise drab and typical storyline.
I've written before, particularly in my posts about Dexter, about the moral bankruptcy that underlies a lot of the writing for, and audience reception of, antiheroes and reformed villains. Whether we like or dislike a character usually has nothing to do with how moral they are, or whether they do good or evil. We like characters whom we find attractive, and immoral behavior, when cast in the right light, can be very attractive. Power, even if it's just the power to kill, is attractive. The coolness and audacity to declare yourself above the rules of common man, even if those rules are necessary and right, is attractive. In handsome men, tormented brooding over their past misdeeds--so long as it doesn't spill over into an ugly display of uncontrolled emotion--is very attractive. Some storytellers recognize the danger of portraying an antihero in too attractive a manner and try to undercut it, usually with only limited success (Tony Soprano is the best example--no matter how hard the show's writers tried there was always a portion of the audience who thought of him as a hero and just wanted him to bust a cap in his enemies), but as its second season ended, it seemed that Being Human's writers were using every tool at their disposal to maximize Mitchell's attractiveness--pitting him against villains who are not only evil but uncool and decidedly unattractive, showing him in the grips of photogenic remorse, blaming his lapse on a girl. It was easy to imagine Being Human becoming a show dedicated to the woobification of John Mitchell, and to the perpetual justification and whitewashing of his ever more horrific crimes. I wrote off the show in disgust, but curiosity (as well as an appetite whetted by the otherwise lifeless American remake) prompted me to give its third season a try. I'm very glad I did. Not only is Being Human's third season a huge step forward for the show's storytelling, but it does the one thing I never thought the show would have the guts to do. It makes Mitchell unattractive.
its beer in. There are 294 of these massive tuns, some as
Cover price - £2.99
Beer advertising should be matey.
I don’t claim to be an expert on potty training, on child behavior, or even on parenting. After really thinking about the mechanics of potty training, here are what I see as the factors that have to be taken into account:
Hannah says some of the funniest things and I always wish later that I could remember what she said that made me laugh so hard. I've written a couple of things down the past few days that I thought were really cute.
All that said, the frenzy is getting a bit out of hand. These things are becoming like the newest Xbox on Christmas Eve. I would appeal to all of the American whiskey lovers and collectors out there to, as Jon Stewart would say, take it down a notch.
Today was rainy and super-dreary, so lighting conditions were seriously less-than-ideal. But, I was able to get a couple sweet shots of Ash. I am so eager to get out and really try this thing out and see what it can really do:)
10. Stick to your plan:
“It will give this corner of the town a total facelift and make it so much more welcoming for shoppers.
When I write about you… Well only then could you ever say I was touched by your presence. And for that to happen i’d have to get over myself first.
The exercise marks “a key moment in the story of PPI”, according to Martin Wheatley, managing director of the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
15 - Fever Dream Trip
I can change
You humans have it wrong. You allow disobedience and disrespectful behaviour to go unpunished. You do not teach your children to hunt and how to behave in a way to benefit the survival of the pack. The survival of the pack is not important to you, not as important as it should be. The strength of the pack is what makes survival easier for everyone.
Mother's Day... Jeff surprised me at 6:30AM with a BRAND NEW CYCLING JERSEY! We were up and getting ready for a ride and Jeff shared this surprise with me... even better... IT FIT! It is from this cool store in Encinitas called, "Pink Peloton"... a store devoted to clothes and accessories for female triathletes. I can't wait to see this place myself!!!﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
“In a scene straight out of “The Godfather: Part II,” a Mafia rat on the witness stand yesterday watched his brother walk into a Brooklyn courtroom — and sit with the family of the mobster he was testifying against.”
Trade mark protection is protection of essential investments in a company and its trade connections. The period of grace granted to a registered trade mark for the first 5 years of its existence, protecting against risk of confusion developing into encompassing protection for well-known and famous trade marks, independent of any risk of confusion, is clear proof of the legislative purpose of granting trade mark protection. It ends where legitimate interests of the society as such—or of individuals touched or even negatively influenced—and a balancing of those interests requires restriction of the rights of the trade mark owner. It is this balancing of interests which not only renders the legal system reliable but allows anyone who wishes to invest in the acquisition of a registered right and its development on the market to decide what to do and how much capital should be invested. To regard the ‘poor consumers’ as the ‘losers’ in consequence of the ECJ's decision indicates, in the same manner as the finding that ‘consumers are not stupid’, ‘as they will not see the cheap copy as being the same in quality as the original’, but ‘will see it for what it is and no more’, that the decision obviously lacks the necessary balance from the English court. It did not seriously consider the resulting impact on trade mark owners, had the ECJ come to a conclusion which the English court had wished. This is the more astonishing as His Lordship, summarizing the factual findings in the earlier judgment of the English court, mentions that the defendants got a major promotional advantage from using such lists. It is precisely this fact which raises the question: Can the right of free speech and the freedom to trade be justification forallowing a competitor—who has not attempted to develop perfumes and trade marks and to promote them, as L'Oréal and the other plaintiffs have probably done—to obtain a major promotional advantage of the investment of the plaintiffs by using comparison lists? The producer of the ‘smell-alike’ products is not prevented from promoting such products with the same effort and investments as the plaintiffs; nor is such a producer prevented from trading in such goods. To bar a trader from saying ‘my goods are the same as brand X’ (famous registered trade mark) but at half the price, ‘has nothing to do with freedom to trade’ or, putting it in the words of the ECJ, with undistorted competition. In contrast, giving a competitor such freedom would distort trade as it would allow competitors to seek out successful or, in particular, famous trade marks in order to emphasize certain features of their own products. Admittedly, it may sometimes be hard to enter a market which is dominated by certain brand owners. It is, however, not the task of trade mark law to engender competition for new products in a manner which makes market entrance easier. Referring to well-established trade marks in a market with an abundance of competing products is a striking example of free riding ‘comparison’ which clearly distorts competition to the detriment not only of the owners of the well-known products but of all producers of competing products.
“Please note that your purchase signifies market collapse, uncontrolled inflation, impaired judgement, or all of the above”.
I've missed all of you! I still don't have a new computer, but have this little laptop I bought from MJ. It's a little Apple, and I'm still learning how to use it. I hope to be blogging more consistently before long!
I am almost entirely in love with this dress. The only thing that could make it more gorgeous is if it had a loose, floor-length skirt. Still, I adore the contrast between the loose, long sleeve and the tight-fitted body.
Why? There’s been reams written about the “messianic secret”, but the simple traditional answer still has much value. Jesus’ notion of the messiah is so different from the commonly-held one, that the term “messiah/Christ” would be totally inappropriate and introduce a complete misunderstanding of Jesus and His mission.(France)
And that’s okay.
Can any of us imagine an American equivalent of Hannan saying similar things to our president?
G. Gold or Silver: Silver OR WHITE GOLD
Use glue to stick 'bit's or draw into the centre of each patty case. Leave to dry.
So they stayed like that. For another year and four months. :) More on that in a bit.
In the last five years, investigators found, BP has admitted to breaking U.S. environmental and safety laws and committing outright fraud. BP paid $373 million in fines to avoid prosecution.
reflecting on an icy pond
Well, it’s not that easy. Even in straight prose, translating is a minefield of misconstrued intent and lost subtext. Just missing the “tint” of a foreign text can turn The Magic Mountain into a literary molehill. Now imagine trying to match the stress of poetic meter, the ebb and flow of melodic lines and retain the tang of the bawdy innuendo of commedia scenarios and you get a taste of the enormous challenges facing an English L’Amfiparnaso.
Life isn't going to get any easier - I might as well make room for uncertainty.
But the House of Commons commission, led by Speaker John Bercow, insisted the move would cut costs and save paper. One of the things most people in industry notice is that any cost saving or paper saving equipment usually costs a lot and generates more paperwork. There's also the problem that iPads are not exactly suitable office style equipment, the big advantage of a laptop is the keyboard, the onscreen keyboard the iPad uses is nowhere near as fast or as useful, so as a research tool it's less than satisfactory. Battery life is limited, doesn't support flash (no kidding) and can’t make phone calls, can’t take pictures, and the most affordable model only has WiFi.
Here you will see the stacks of dishes used for feeding the little tykes their meals. We go with the fabulous and colorful ones from Ikea, due to their amazing kid durability:
Heat up vegetable oil in wok and deep fry the potato until golden brown. Take out the potatoes and put aside. Leave a little bit of oil in the wok and stir fry the shallots until crispy. Add in chili powder and stir the chili under low heat until for around 3 minutes. Then add in salt, sugar and tomato sauce. When the salt and sugar dissolve, add in the potatoes and stir until the chili coat the potatoes evenly.
So what are we to make of The Big Bus? A movie that is supposed to poke fun at the disaster genre and movies where things blow up and crash and so forth? You see; this was the movie that was the precursor to Airplane! itself... and even the That's Armageddon! segment to 1977's The Kentucky Fried Movie.
I am entering this into the following challenges:
and tomorrow has the potential to be a good Some Day.
As overflowing all knowing sagacity
Yoochun come home after work and he greeted by the nice smell from the kitchen. Yoochun since Junsu agree to be his lover, not often drink people’s blood (Junsu have special ability, he didn’t need human or another creature blood. He only need Yoochun’s blood.) and live like normal people. Human.
I wonder if this fire can heal
It’s not about control, bu about the choices.
How did you find us?
I forgot to mention my project also meets the challenge over at Party Time Tuesdays. They are doing a love/cupcake theme challenge this week. It is hard to see in the photos, but my background papers have cupcake accents on them. I added so many embellishments, they get a little lost in the photos!
I'm angry. So much so that I could commit homicide.
He "has contact with" many large publishing and production companies.
BOOST FOR MIDDLE-CLASS FAMILIES
When we hear music, we hear that another sensitive being is present. The proof of this is, in the best tradition, strictly empirical: people have been discerning this in the music they love for centuries. Whether we will eventually be able to see this process happening on a magnetic resonance imaging scan, however, is another question entirely.
Hutton ushered in the era of professionals in world cricket by becoming the first professional to captain the English side. Cricket pundits consider him the most technically correct English batsman since the Second World War. Wisden called him one of the two greatest English batsmen of all time alongside Sir Jack Hobbs. His maiden first class century came at the tender age of 17 and throughout his teens, he gave consistent performances for his county Yorkshire. He scored his first Test century in only his second Test. Four games later, at the age of 21, he broke his captain Hammond’s world record of most runs in a Test innings by scoring a mammoth 364. The world took notice; a great had arrived.
Love, love now
The amazing thing is that a greater fear will replace a lesser fear. In our relationship with God, a fear that comes from a fuller understanding of his holiness and love will replace the fear we feel simply at his judgement.
In both cases, the monks subscribe to the same religion, the same order, and the same, strict, sub-order. They are monks, which means that even within the Church they have a particular orientation toward religious practice. And yet they have chosen nearly opposed models for the way the breweries will serve their missions. I realize I've wandered from beer here--it's the old religious studies major in me--but I find this fascinating. Trappist monks are a severe lot--they have chosen to remove themselves from society in order to focus on their relationship to God. Their order demands strict adherence to rules that are nearly 1500 years old and enforce the circumstances to support and protect this mission. Beer, on the other hand, is the most worldly of beverages. It's a social drink, a drink of the masses, a drink more than any other of the world. The reasons it made sense to brew in 850 AD are not so relevant now. (They don't grow their own barley, malt it, or need beer as a safe alternative to deadly water.) Yet here they are, brewing beer.
I am convinced there are certain people who are put on this earth for only one reason; to make other people suffer and this is their oxygen. They get off on it. Being a complete wanker is their goal in life.
Monday, November 14 - 11 am MST, 1 pm Eastern
This past weekend, I had one of my very best friends out to the farm, Miss Samantha Crain, & we had a lovely time:)
Level 10: MP Cost: 28, Duration: 120 seconds, Defense: +50%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +30%, Elemental Resistance: +30%.
Are you generally more drawn to writing introspective songs, or do you think this was just a phase?
The turning point came in two parts. One: M fell ill and became delirious with fever which left R alone and out of time. Two: The Cardinal killed a man, openly in the middle of the day, and there were no objections.
It was a nice evening and there was a steady stream of people coming in to look at all the beautiful works. I had an opportunity to discuss my work with a number of visitors and it was fun to explain my process.
He got up there and gave a speech last night. It was like Groundhog Day all over again. He said the same things and the same results we’re seeing today. People are not working.
Its white meteor trail.
Oh dear, I'm somewhat embarrassed to show you this, but I couldn't resist running out to get more sock yarn.
2. Anjou pears, .77/lb. at H-E-B (through 2/22/11)
Nor treasure for the pools were drained
I’d probably like to most meet J.K. Rowling. She’s such a private person that it would be an absolute privilege to actually get to meet her! In truth, if we were ever introduced, I’d probably just faint on the spot.
Good evening everyone.
I will be posting more information about these new colors, along with some illustrations later this week. Until then, you can drool over the luscious colors :). Below are some of the thoughts that went behind the development of these colors. G43 & G46: These complete the G40 sequence. These are great greens...not too bright, not too yellow, not too gray. A new must-have green sequence.
20:45 Security were called to Triumph Road to investigate a missing barrier. It was reported that a group of people were using it to jump over. Security removed barrier and placed in the Dearing Building.
Repeat: I don't think I am a better mother than you are! We are not in a competition. However, I do think I am a better mother than I would otherwise be if I didn't listen to my children.
Exercising during pregnancy is not right for everyone...Please consult your physican before starting any exercise program.
I’ll leave the details of how your Mum and I met for another time… suffice it to say that after my initial visit to see her and your big brother in September 2003, I flew out about every 6-8 weeks or so.
Apply a small amount then blend with a sponge or use a professional brush for a flawless look. 35ml
That’s okay, I guess. Spring is almost here (a girl can be hopeful, at least) and I feel like things can only get better. I’m looking forward for the snow to go away and my love life to spring forward. Aren’t you? I know you want to read all kinds of juicy date gotcheR! Then tell the snow to leave so we can get this ball on the road.
"Despite a tough economy for everyone, we continue to raise funds throughout the year, and feel that our fundraising plans will allow us to move forward with all existing and planned litigation," said Goldstein in response to my query. (He's also the lead plaintiff in the pending eminent domain case.)
Urban Decay 24/7 Glide-on liner in Crash
Floor mounting
Yesung – It Has To Be YoU, JYJ – In Heaven
life is too short to race after material waste.
This BID will be able to fund additional improvements along Fulton Street from Rockwell Place to Classon Avenue. With the imminent completion of the Fulton Street reconstruction project, this retail strip will be ready to make a comeback, and a BID will provide coordinated marketing efforts to benefit all merchants.
JUSTICE as up next on the Main Stage and holy balls this was the best set of the entire weekend and obviously earning the # 1 set of day 3. Honestly I do not listen to a whole lot of them but I know most of their songs, and a lot of them are featured in surf videos that I have watched over the years so it was epic to finally see the legendary duo. They came on a bit late which was pretty lame but they came out swinging. This was probably the hardest I raged out all weekend and they absolutely dominated the main stage. Can’t wait till I can see them again.
Mr Erakat urged the Israeli government “to do more about peace and stop spreading hatred”, the AFP news agency reported.
Then get your canned peaches that you diligently canned that Fall. (Or that you stole from your mother who diligently canned....:) I've never used store bought peaches, but I'm sure they would work. After you cut up the quart, pour about 2/3-3/4 cup of the peach juice in with your peaches and grapefruit, depending on how soupy you like it.
Thank-you to Victoria Connelly for writing such a fabulous book and for the great interview for this blog. Thank-you to Sourcebooks for allowing me to host this giveaway, and thank-you to all who entered.
Our street just gets trendier and trendier. Excitingly, we have been invited to a private view of an exhibition at the former Post Office, called Keep Me Posted, which is all about "our postal history and heritage". I particularly like the idea of the hand carved seat on which visitors can write a letter and post it in the "elegant George V pillar box" that stands outside the post office.
Thank goodness that Sketch Saturday will go on! Wohooooooooo
How do new writers figure this out without testing the waters themselves?
Throughout the project, I attempted to establish contact with Egyptians via Twitter, Facebook, and even email. For instance, I sent two of the Egyptian panelists at “Women Making Democracy” a few questions after the conference, encouraged by one direct tweet and a few re-tweets—all to no result.
Except maybe where his struggle paralleled another man's during that summer full of learning, coping, grieving, growing, and strangely.... optimism...........
I am on the second week of my second course of treatment with the methotrexate. I don’t believe there are any positive changes, but it just gets the mind more active trying to find things. Every new pain or sensation triggers the “hmmmm that’s new, maybe that is my nerves relinquishing and now I can feel the pain” that ultimately leads to “no, just more fun”. There are times when my back is killing me and my leg seems to function better and vice versa but eventually I am left with this is just the symptoms.
Hello all! I just want to say Happy New Year to you! Boy, my holiday was sure busy. I hope yours was too. I have to update you all on so many things. Where to begin? Well, for starters, my husband and I purchased P90x for Christmas. We both want to lose some weight badly and thought this was probably the best way to go. Let me tell you.....it is no easy workout. I am still sore! And I am only on day 5. Not only are the exercises challenging but there is a meal plan too. I am all for fish and veg and lean meats. My kids and husband, not so much. So meal time is a little tricky.
“17? You sure you want to get into this? When Sal takes you he has you for life, your “new family” he calls it.” She rolled her eyes.
Chris: But wouldn’t that be like cutting off your nose to spite your face? Cause if you removed my equipment, then it would be no good to you. No, if we were ever in the same room, the real danger would be that all the neighbors would hear us for an entire block!
X out shine control
I’ll be fine, when you dine
“Dilapidated La Guardia hasn’t aged well,” according to the report.
A shoulder to cry on if I lose
Ram Kumar Shrestha
I can't seem to get enough dark or smokey colored plants this year.
About The City Quilter
To cut an intriguing, tasty, four-hour-long story short, our evening at Orson was only a whisker short of perfect. Really! I can't help thinking about the meal five days later and smiling about how lucky we were to be able to experience Orson in what, surely, must have been a somewhat unique way. Either, they simply hadn't picked up enough business by the time of our visit, or they had limited the number of reservations to keep things manageable as it was only their second night. How often is someone who arrives at a restaurant before 7pm encouraged to stay until closing time? We weren't rushed, it wasn't over crowded, the pacing was leisurely which just happened to fit exactly with our own relaxed mood that evening, there were no delays that we noticed, neither were we made to feel like we, ourselves, were being too slow. We just went with the flow. We ordered cocktails, we ordered some snacks, more cocktails, more savoury food, a bottle of wine, a few more things to eat. Then desserts? Why not - and then how about a night cap to conclude and a little gift (surprisingly delicious chocolate-coated foie gras, sprinkled with coarse salt) sent out from the kitchen?
If you are facing any skin disease kindly remember the very 1st rule to cure this,,,drink at least 10 glass of Water daily. Remember I am talking about the pure water,,,it can be fresh juice but nothing else.Anything in which you add any artificial sugar or colour is not listed as a pure water.
2. Add shrimp to bowl and make sure that all shrimp are coated with the rub mix. Set aside.
In one of the dreams I had there was an ocean with great waves that came with strong surges and fell, invisibly, over us. Each one was poured through me with such intensity and release. In the other there was also a beach, and I a swimmer in its ocean.
So: w0w0 = 9090.
I sent them an email and claimed a refund. No response yet. I was in touch with their ‘Expert’ waiting for further advice because the first was not fully usable. I am waiting for both responses. 08 / May/ 2009″
The file is a tiny bit smaller then my photo. In my photo I made it 4.5inches and the file I made for you you is only 3.5". I did this for a cool reason though. With the 3.5" version the border is sized to fit perfectly around the circle so you don't HAVE to use 2, but if you want to resize it larger please feel free to do so you will just need to cut 2 borders.
We are in shit. They are in clover. But guilty as sin.
Every time we came in and out of our house or took the trash out
I grant you, this isn’t terribly subtle work: La Farge wants to be pretty direct about her position between worlds. But look at how skilfully he stays on balance. Laughing Boy is a tool to bring her back to her people…and then, so casually, La Farge lets her re-state it “the good things of her people”, as if her people and the goodness of their life are the same thing, as if to say she cannot see the drawbacks of life on the reservation (or else as if to say that she thinks, against all odds, she can only take “the good things” and leave the bad behind). Even those last two clauses at the paragraph’s end, simultaneously fusing her pride with the pride of her people and cutting a canyon between their honest clarity and her unavoidably deceptive heart. She is a character I can get to know. Whether I will agree with her, or even trust her, I don’t know yet, but I like that La Farge makes her so easy to grab onto. The first minority character in the Pulitzers, unless I really am forgetting someone, who feels fully three dimensional.
The diversity of music blew me away…
TV scriptwriter Nigel Crowle agreed when I asked him about Frank: “He never seemed to switch off,” Nigel told me.
The five months’ wait may be harder for some than others. Here are a few quotes by R___. who apparently was a Family Radio caravan RV driver up until May 21. These quotes were posted early in June on a Facebook page for Camping supporters:
One thing I'm always interested in is what kind of cel/internet reception is available in different locations. Even though we're not on the road right now, I still like to know what kind of reception I can expect (especially since I am sometimes using a Verizon MiFi for internet).
Genres : Mystery, Thriller
consciousness, in films and art - don't you think?"
And a black reward for a roaring life,
Also, the school year will be winding up before you know it and we have the perfect gift to show your appreciation to your children’s teachers. A wonderful Teacher’s Thank You gift with CurrantC™ All Natural Black Currant Nectar and our fabulous Dark Chocolate with Black Currants nested in a beautiful organza gift bag for only $9.99 plus shipping. Click here to order.
Katie is incredible. She’s very attractive, she’s practically genius-level smart, AND she’s into geeky stuff like comic books. Sure, she’s currently dating a guy she really likes who also really likes her but what’s going to happen when she finds out that, uh oh, he’s lying to her and has powers and also happens to have killed people? She’s going to want to date a normal guy who is into comic books, that’s what.
If the reason you’re not sharing how you’re doing is because you’re not doing… then lets talk about that. (If you haven’t set any goals yet head over here and take 5 minutes to get started… I’ll wait…)
"Higher up on the last terrace, an obelisk flanked by two urns, interrupts the perspective. Under the obelisk lie the ashes of of the friend who showed this place to Roderick Cameron. Roderick Cameron wanted his garden to be inhabited by all those most dear to him. Unfortunately, this master landscaper has since died. 'I wanted to create a romantic garden,' he had confided to me."
The adrenals are two walnut-shaped glands that are situated on top of the kidneys. They secrete hormones – cortisol, epinephrine and norepinephrine – that regulate the stress response, and are closely related to thyroid health. It is important to address that healthy adrenal glands contribute to proper thyroid function as well.
You are and were the perfect son for us.
If you care to leave a comment that would please me.
I discovered this recipe at Can You Stay For Dinner (my latest blog crush) and just knew I had to try it out. I love recipes that add an unexpected twist (coconut) to an otherwise unremarkable dish (chicken tenders), and was doubly thrilled that I could have the crispy-on-the-outside-juicy-on-the-inside chicken tenders I craved, without a deep fat fryer. A combination of pan-searing and baking makes these tenders crisp and juicy, without all the mess and stench of frying - not to mention the added fat!
The hearts of palm smelled a little farty when they were cooking so I was suspicious about how they'd taste (wouldn't you be?), but when I sliced a little bit of the heart of palm and ate it with the bean sauce? Wow wow wow wow wow! I had set aside the extra hearts of palm on a plate in the kitchen, but brought them out to the table so we could finish them right then and there. I set aside a little bit of the bean sauce and reheated it the next morning and ate it with an egg (over-easy). This dish is going into the permanent repertoire. It was a hit in every possible way, and I think this would be a great one to make if you want to try something out of the book, but haven't yet. The book even suggests a workaround in case you don't have truffle-infused mushroom stock, so there are NO EXCUSES for you not calling a friend, inviting him or her to lunch at which you will serve this and drink wine in the middle of the day and feel like a freakin' rockstar (without the heroin bender or passel of hookers, of course, unless that's your thing, in which case, get away from me).
for your feedback
Moon got closer.....
4. To prove that I could still handle street food, I went ahead and had all sorts of junk from the road side only to be gently told by my immune system that I couldn't handle it. I was devastated that even milk was creating issues for me :(
Transforming.
One when Lee & I married. When we got to the part "for richer or poorer", Lee started to laugh on the "poorer" he couldn't say it! I guess he knew my addiction to stamping would keep us in the poor house! LOL (not really but close...hehe)
I somehow managed to not hear anything about the Birchbox exclusive limited edition Zoya Blogger Collection until it was released a couple weeks ago, possibly because it seems to have involved a vote on Facebook, and I spend very little time on FB these days. But I did see a Tweet from Zoya about it being available, and since I like Zoya and am a sucker for the words "limited edition", I clicked on over to Birchbox to order the set, which came to $22 for three polishes and it shipped for free. All the colors are orange tones, which is consistent with the Pantone Color of the Year being Tangerine Dream; it's somewhat curious that an open vote led to three shades that coordinate so well with each other and the color of the year, but maybe there's a rabid orange voting block on the Birchbox FB page. It's also somewhat curious that I, who spend so many hours reading nail blogs, am not familiar with any of the bloggers who created these colors. According the the Birchbox blog, they "invited 12 bloggers to create mood boards depicting the color they think should be on everyone’s digits this spring". Were none of those 12 nail bloggers? That makes no sense to me, but I guess Birchbox is more of a general beauty site.
He considered framework VG and Aftenposten, while he struck against the Government buildings, but struck down the plan because he thought he would be unable to go to Utøya afterwards.
Last, I colored all the other areas of her with my limited colors.
Thereafter
This description of “Distant Shores,” originally released in 2010 and the only pre-released single on the album, could just as well apply to the entirety of Ideas from the Pond. The individual tracks are microcosms of the whole. This could easily become boring over eighty minutes. But instead, they reinforce each other. The journey—and it does feel like a journey—is extended, fluently.
Oh, my childhood, my innocent childhood! This is the nursery where I slept and I used to look out at the orchard from here. When I woke up every morning happiness awoke with me...
Batch Size: 5.50 gal
~Gail W. Kislevitz
Right, and now I suppose I’d better go and get that damned Christmas tree up.
"Don't you think you should have noticed her then?"
Fox News host Geraldo Rivera thinks he knows who or what is to blame for the slaying of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin: the hoodie did it.
Witty banter between the two hosts was frequent throughout the show, while awards were handed out to a variety of deserving recipients. Winners included:
Hachi: No I finished the bottle last night. Is drinking OK in buddhism?
We believe that truth is never contradictory. Jesus said, in the above passage, that God’s word is truth. “If truth is contradictory, the word truth loses all meaning.” We are called to love God with our minds, and we do this by studying his revelation both in nature and Scripture. In doing so, we seek to reslove apparent contradictions while, at the same time, trying to understand how it all fits together.
so we’ll find each other
Inspect your mail pick-up flag for chipping or pitting, and touch up as necessary with red enamel paint. To prevent dripping, do not oversaturate the applicator.
No more America.
This summer, I'm really hoping to make great gains in all three of our kid bedrooms. I'm guessing some of my choices would not have made sense to you without this post. Especially given the little sidebar list of things that define our style. I'm not going to lie, my style is sneaking in there. I think it's inevitable that it will. But, my children have different senses of style, and those are - I really hope - going to come through, too. They don't necessarily mesh with the whole sidebar dealy. One thing has already become very apparent... my children don't care much for neutrals :)
Should our power by any fatality be withdrawn, the commission believe that the government of the Philippines would speedily lapse into anarchy, which would excuse, if it did not necessitate, the intervention of other powers and the eventual division of the islands among them. Only through American occupation, therefore, is the idea of a free, self-governing, and united Philippine commonwealth at all conceivable. And the indispensable need from the Filipino point of view of maintaining American sovereignty over the archipelago is recognized by all intelligent Filipinos and even by those insurgents who desire an American protectorate. The latter, it is true, would take the revenues and leave us the responsibilities. Nevertheless, they recognize the indubitable fact that the Filipinos cannot stand alone. Thus the welfare of the Filipinos coincides with the dictates of national honour in forbidding our abandonment of the archipelago. We cannot from any point of view escape the responsibilities of government which our sovereignty entails; and the commission is strongly persuaded that the performance of our national duty will prove the greatest blessing to the peoples of the Philippine Islands.
Parts of Los Angeles County have joined other California communities in banning stores from using single-use plastic bags.
Blackfriars, in the Merchant City is a nice easy going venue to have a beer. It's cask choice is always interesting and the range of hop monster U.S. beers and lovely low country lambics available in the bottle fridges are the best in the city centre.
"Much could be written about the former uses of many of the buildings which now make up the Candleriggs Brewery; the fact that the former premises of a wig-maker, a nursery gardner, a tabernacle, a meeting house, a public street and the Headquarters of the Police and Municipal Authorities are included, give some small idea of the variety of subjects which have been purchased from time to time. "
There are dishes that my #2 would eat very well. They are mostly Japanese dishes. I don’t know if I was eating a lot of Japanese food during my pregnancy, but she has always preferred Japanese food since she started eating solids. One of her favorite dishes is this “tricolor bowl”.
State Attorney Andrew Cuomo filed a lawsuit Tuesday in Federal District Court in Brooklyn against the ExxonMobil Corporation, demanding that they clean up a 17-million-gallon oil spill in Greenpoint. City Room at the New York Times
Soaps are often irritating and drying to the skin and can make an itch worse. They should be avoided or used only when necessary. People who tend to have itchy skin should:
Met with the Mount Forest Camera Club last night, was so fun. I truly do enjoy seeing everyones photos each month and how each individual photographer interprets the theme word of that month.
It didn't.
Aloha Everyone,
By: Asst. Admin Matt
The hookup is very cool as well. One side is liquid eyeliner and the other side is a pretty sheer lip gloss. I have a love of what The Man calls "lip stuff." This includes lip balm, lip stick, lip gloss, lipstick...I can never have enough. This one leaves my lips moisturized and have a shimmery color. It's perfect to wear alone or to put over a lip pencil or lipstick. The eyeliner is easy to use and makes super precise lines. This is important because I'm a little apprehensive of liquid eyeliner. This one goes on well but I'm still not a fan of liquid liner. Give me a pencil any day! Since you can customize your hookup I would get something else, like a perfume, in the future. Or maybe a different lip gloss...
Went on to IMM at night, where we bought our last furniture of the day — Mattress! We bought the Sealy Laissez mattress, which was supposedly the ones used at MBS. Came with 4 pillows and 1 protector, and luckily, with instalment plans. Phew, all the essentials of the house are done!
My friend Hilary nudged me to get on Pinterest and I haven't gotten dressed for 2 days. I've just been pinning like a freak.
I must have kept some gates during the years when my children were in my care. My kids, now 20 and 24 are pretty normal and well-balanced. Both have amazing senses of humour (my son is a stand-up comedian and my daughter is involved in comedy as well as being a film student). Both are kind and considerate. Both have strong moral and ethical convictions. Neither of them (as of this writing) have criminal records, or have displayed any type of anti-social behaviour (after the toddler years, that is...I'm sure some Early Learning Centre employees would beg to differ, eh Sean?)
we usually do for the Gift Certificate.
Thankfully, the dog dropped the box, and no harm was done
"It's a blatant lie," he said.
Reaching the decision to adopt was the end of the first journey— others followed from applications and medical reports and fingerprinting and referral letters to the moment we heard those babies’ screams in the hallway of a hotel in China until we brought our daughter home holding a plain brown envelope that under no circumstances was allowed to be opened— or else what?
Akumal
Pod plays trumpet in Woodrow Wilson Elementary School band, continues playing trumpet and taking lessons.
He will not see me stopping here
Maybe the control freaks at the BBC didn't like having to use pooled pictures, for if you flicked through the news channels the pictures were usually identical. So they kept cutting away to their own OBs and pre-recorded packages.
Anyway, first I had History, which was good. We got an essay back that we did AGES ago, but Nick had never got round to marking until Easter. We spent the whole lesson going over what you needed to do for a Part B 40 mark question, which was very useful :) After that I went and joined Catherine, Cadie, Jenny R and Charlotte in the Undercroft. Catherine sat with the other usual people, as us 4 were all revising Geology together. I think today was the most I have ever spoken to Cadie :) I don’t think she dislikes me any more :) (That’s not she no longer dislikes me, it’s I don’t think that she dislikes me now, if you get what I mean ;D) I had Charlie’s laptop with me (I didn’t want to use mine after it overheated yesterday), which I intended to use to look at pictures of folds and faults to help us revise, but the internet signal was rubbish in the Undercroft, so I couldn’t get it to work :/ I did right at the end, but only for short bursts of time :/ What with the on and off rain, it made looking after it very difficult :/
in the race
is the best
We don't actually need alcohol to sustain many of the injuries at Beer Towers. Mr PBBB is frequently shouting 'What now?' in response to a yell / squeak from another part of the house. Usually it's something like smacking myself on the side of the head with my hairdryer or poking a mascara wand into my eye, but sometimes it's a spectacular smashing of my elbow into a singularly unhelpful piece of architraving or the ripping off of two fingernails trying to open the back door to let Captain out to pee.
Our usual appetite for the game was missing. Kristian Hewitt summed it up on his arrival in the dressing room. “There's twenty things I'd rather do today than play football,” he said, dropping his green Adidas kit bag on the floor. He didn't say what those things were, although I suspected one or two of them were not playing at left-back, a position he has grown tired of playing in of late. He says it's boring. I don't know why he doesn't take his grievance up with management, who think he shores up the back four beautifully. The changing rooms at Cutbush Lane offered another cramped environment in which fourteen men tried to get changed in. Although, as Lee Fielder pointed out, the other half don't live any differently. He was sat rubbing his personal stash of liniment into his thighs, whilst recalling the tour of Brentford's Griffin Park, which was part of Scott Burnet's stag weekend. There we were, in the home dressing room, with not enough room to swing a cat, and Brentford's leading scorer, Charlie MacDonald, who had arrived early, for what turned out to be a wretched nil-nil draw with Rotheram, struggling to find space to unpack his bag. I could vouch further, having visited Exeter's St James' Park, as part of my work commitments. The changing rooms there were best described as cosy. Stubborn streaks of grime clung to the grouting, and the toilet seat was cold.
Yes, the copy of the Pillow Book plopped through my letter box yesterday, a touch yellowed around the edges but the script is a decent size and the spine still supple and unbroken, which is all you need to enjoy a book.
realty offices. They are swoon worthy reading, let me tell you.
Press TV reported that the insurgents detonated bombs inside several buildings. Al Jazeera, at one stage, said at least 12 people had been killed, including several attackers and members of the Afghan security forces. The figure is certain to be higher, with the fighting continuing as I write.
I’m learning a lot from this girl of mine, as I prepare to let her go in a few short months. I’m learning that we as her parents have given her a solid foundation of faith, faith in her God who has her firmly in his grasp as she lets go and trusts, and faith in herself that she is a capable and intelligent young woman, able to make these next steps. I am learning to simply let her be in the midst of the decision making, knowing that she will come to me when she needs to, for a shoulder to cry on, or a reveler to laugh with.
In my heart,
So there we have them: three points of a compass that have been with us right from the start of the debt crisis. Not surprisingly, both the markets and the Americans (as I was at pains to point out yesterday, these two are not mutually exclusive) cannot get a steer on how these views might converge….if at all. But as is becoming more clear with every day, the fourth point is now being represented by German finance minister Wolfgang Schauble.
there is a place out there where I can do my hair, put on makeup, and wear only a couple of layers..
Here's the blog hop order in case you loose your way
Boulevard Irish Ale is available in Boulevard variety packs. If you go to a store with a good sell through of variety packs you can find it. It's a bit of a lottery though, some packs will have Nutcracker (which, I like better, but I have sixers of it) and others will have Irish.
when he picks himself up,
Really? Several recent polls have shown that Bush’s job approval ratings (and how an unemployed guy can have job approval ratings is anyone’s guess) have hardly risen from the low 20’s when he left office.
Professionally, I want to set Mike Boyle’s Strength and Conditioning apart from every other gym in the country. I plan on building this business and making it more successful each year I work here. For me, this means offering more training options, bringing in more athletes and clients and continuing to improve our staff.
Let’s review some of the physical, material things we have examined to learn something about character and integrity. We said that an official NFL football has more integrity than a Nerf football, because water will easily seep into a Nerf, but a real football has a quality of soundness and impenetrability. We said that, for storing sandwiches, zip-lock bags have more integrity than birdcages, because they make an airtight seal. In addition, they are known for having a better character for this purpose, even though birdcages may look more ornate or beautiful.
as you do, for the rest of him to catch up.
Handed down on the Wednesday morning of last week by Mr Justice Norris, the latest episode in the burgeoning saga in Fabio Perini S.P.A. v LPC Group PlC & Paper Converting Machine Company Italia & Others [2012] EWHC 911 (Ch) is an absorbing (or, Merpel asks, should that be absorbent?) read. Unlike the famous brand of toilet roll of which the ends might be sealed by the patented method, the judgment is not that soft: it may or may not be strong, depending on how happy one is with the analysis, but it certainly feels very, very long (although only 171 paragraphs, it contains just over 24,000 words spread over almost 50 pages). Readers of this weblog will be happy to discover that they don't have to read the judgment from cover to cover to discover what's been happening: there follows an account by the venerable Matt the Kat who, having taken a break from blogging, has been coaxed into taking a brief break from his break in order to pen this blog post on a subject which is so dear to his heart.
Although I also enjoyed fishing in the Great Egg Harbor Bay with friends, and by myself from the fishing piers of Brigantine and Ocean City, NJ, I can’t locate any photographs from those fishing trips either.
learn all about our lovely state of Nebraska!
He said the government had no right to take away land that they had been toiling on for generations.
“Now, check all your mirrors, Son.”
I will be blogging again shortly, posting the 'efforts' that I produced while taking part in the Tim Holtz on-line class called 'Creative Chemistry 101'
A Short Hiatus but had an amazing couple of weeks.
This reminds me of the Judy Blume novels I read when I was a kid; I’m pretty sure Margaret and Minty would get along incredibly well.
To place an order for this kit, simply send me an email stating how many kits you would like.
Crowley said she has been requesting that the wires be moved underground since she took office two years ago.
This was the second time he talked about a coincidence. But I knew that it wasn't a coincidence because earlier that morning I had been tired and cranky, and I had asked the universe to lead me to a better-feeling place. And after this encounter, I was feeling better.
I pulled 2 articles from Livestrong.com and TheDailyBeast.com . I’ve also read information via Women’s Health and Fitness, so I figured this wasn’t just another “we’re pretty this isn’t good anymore.” I will include some excerpts from both articles, but I recommend reading both or at least 1 to better inform yourself; also to not make this a super long post.
“This is a great opportunity for older drivers to update their medical information and have a voice in their emergency treatment in the event of an accident,” said John K. Holton, Ph.D., director of the Illinois Department on Aging. “The Yellow Dot program will serve as a lifeline to alert first responders of crucial medical information which can help the victims who may be unable to communicate at the crash site or may have forgotten to share the information.” Yellow Dot participants are supplied with a simple, bright yellow decal for their car and a corresponding yellow folder. The decal is placed in a conspicuous and consistent place – in the lower left-hand corner of the rear window, driver’s side. The yellow dot signifies there is a folder in the glove compartment containing the following medical information about the motorists: participant’s name, close-up photo, emergency contact information, patient’s physician information, medical conditions, recent surgeries, allergies and a list of current medications. Having access to this information allows first responders to make important decisions regarding emergency treatment and can better prepare emergency hospital staff in the receiving room.
Toggle Bolts
younger than me, walking barefooted and selling
Yeah, I just wrote this in the parking lot after work...
Since then, Apple seems to have mastered the idea of brand loyalty and proprietary marketing. After all, those go hand-in-hand. The cool kids club comes with benefits. A year ago, Hipstamatic was making non-iPhone owners drool. And after that, Instagram. iPhone users, and only iPhone users, could churn out vintage/retro images to a community of other vintage/retro image producers. And did I mention it was cool?
Develop a Plan B.
At 7:30am my doctor came in. I was 3-4cm and 90% effaced. At 11:30am I was 7 cm! I was thrilled at the pace it was going. At 2pm I was 8-9 cm. My doctor guessed her time to be 3:47pm. I was excited, I thought she would be there soon. I had a ton of pressure from my contractions and even a slight amount of pain. 3:47 came and went- I stayed at 8-9cm for hours. They gave me pitocin around 4-5pm to get it going.
Place persimmons in a Ziploc bag and freeze over night. Next morning take out of freezer and let thaw. Remove leaves. Liquify in a blender, add the Kaffir lime juice and run through a strainer.
He stoops and continues to write about them on the ground and they begin to realize what he is writing and they see their performance has been in vain. The elders, being of course the more important of the scribes and Pharisees and seeking the most glory when they catch Jesus are situated at the front of the crowd so they are the first to realize what is happening and they just turn and walk away. As they move others are able to get closer and get a clear view. Soon they too understand and they also turn and leave. Soon all the men are gone but the woman is still staring at Jesus completely oblivious to the fact that her theater troop has gone.
That's BIT, guys. Don't ever go with BIT: they rip you off.
and there
Panini America is the only company in the world that manufactures licensed trading cards and stickers for the NFL, NFLPA, NBA, NHL, NHLPA, MLBPA and FIFA World Cup. The company also owns exclusive entertainment licenses with Disney, Justin Bieber and Michael Jackson, and more than 600 global licenses with other sports and entertainment properties.
I opened up my inbox today to discover an e-mail with the subject: “Win a washing machine worth £2500.”
“Benjamin.”
Since I started with COPD I have never really had a crisis situation bad enough that we couldn’t handle, and most times survived the day to fight another time.
“Would you care to step out with me?”
Most farmers in South Africa are on full alert 24 hours per day. For them the implementation of safety and security procedures are so part-and-parcel of their daily lives, that it has become an inborn natural impulse, almost like riding a bicycle with your eyes closed! It is usually the older folk, who are living alone in isolated areas, who don’t have this inborn instinct, and sadly it is they who have often fallen prey to these savages. If it were not for this inborn sense of 24-hour awareness, the death rate among farmers would most definitely have been far worse than it is now!
I am delighted that he is so taken with Scandinavia. Deputy Joan Collins referred to Scandinavia’s municipal structures, which rely on contributions to local taxation. They should examine reform in a holistic way. Scandinavia is characterised by a strong social welfare system based on fair municipal and income taxes. The Deputies opposite have spent most of their time opposing the principle of municipal taxation.
Though the tourist town of Guthrie, Oklahoma is a bit of a drive from Pecan Cottage Bed & Breakfast in Pauls Valley - straight north up Interstate 35; or if you want to join us from up north it is straight south on Interstate 35 to the Historic Guthrie Exit – on April 9 it will be more than worth your time.
Other than that, I'm peachy.
I chose an image from the Popcorn the Bear "Thanks a Bunch" stamp set and colored it with my trusty Copics. A little Stickles to glitz the centers of the flowers and I adhered him to my vase. But the flowers stuck out so! After a little trim and a cut here and there, you can see from the front view that he is holding two large flowers, and when you turn the vase around...
AFFORDABILITY
Needless to say, I'm exhausted. Plus this week was full to the brim. Thursday alone could have killed me. On that day, I had the cardiologist appointment for Bryce (John took him, thankfully, and his surgery is scheduled for early June), two dental appointments, a pre-school graduation ceremony and a kindergarten registration. Plus, during the week we had a sports physical and two physical therapy appointments (for Bryce's high-ankle sprain).
Journey to the Center of a CV (Curricula Vitae)
like the lump of Pyrite I brought
Hear this, oh people – the people of Gaza, not Israel, jeopardize Egyptian security. Does this make sense? Have people lost their minds so much that they say such things? When have the people of Gaza ever jeopardized Egypt? All this was intended to give Israel an opportunity to tyrannize the Palestinians more and more. The Rafah crossing – the “lung of life” through which the Palestinians breathe – must be opened and must remain open. This is an obligation according to Islamic law, the norms, moral values, and common law. All the principles of this world necessitate this. But due to strange and peculiar considerations, the crossing is closed.
In any case, a financial battle started. There were many, many public salvos.
a smile can hide
It happens to me over and over again. I'm convinced that there's a direct line between my TV set and the networks, manned by a large room full of lab-coated technicians who constantly monitor my viewing habits. Banks of computers with blinking lights and spinning tape spools tirelessly analyze what I'm watching. Hundreds of printouts and graphs provide up to the minute details on my TV preferences. The second it's determined that I'm regularly tuning in to a particular show, the lab becomes a hive of activity as the team springs into action. The lead technician barges into the network President's office, saying, "Sir, we've detected a pattern in the Canada household. Apparently he's tuned into Alcatraz every Monday for the past 13 weeks." "Damn," exclaims the President. "I had high hopes for that show, and the late season ratings were beginning to show improvement. Ah well. You know what has to be done. We don't have to like the law, but we do have to follow it. Pull the plug!" Laugh if you will, but I firmly believe this is true.
Marian quickly became so interested in ceramics that her husband Edgar and her father (Brice Larimer McClure) built her a kiln in the basement of Marian & Edgar's home, and arranged special electrical wiring for it.
What strengths of yours might you overuse? How do you counteract your tendency to procrastinate in your writing?
I made a couple of these and changed them up. The left one is the one on the ring and the right one is on an alligator clip. I added white acrylic paint to the felt and satin ribbon to give the effect of leaves.
Why did Heartland choose to feature these people on its billboards?
Kim Soo Hyun and Park Yoochun not only have the advantage of right-angle shoulders, but they also showed their talents in the Wednesday and Thursday drama series, they both played the role of prince. And the two persons also have very charming smile, and the popularity is increasing continuously.
I'm really excited for summer to just BE HERE. Last week it was sooo nice for a couple of days, and then today it was like, 40 degrees and rained all day- and night. Cold rain just SUCKS.
Penny has never been particularly impressed with stuff. She shares pretty easily. She rarely insists on a particular article of clothing. If “Mr. Bear” is not available at bedtime, she protests, but she gets over it without tears.
There's nothing new in analyzing the correlations between stocks in an individual market, using parameters such as market index and volatility to determine whether prices of stocks will rise or fall in tandem. But with this project, the researchers have introduced the concept of the "meta-correlation," in which they measure the average correlation of countries' stock markets against one another. The result is a precise understanding of how changes in one market impact another. At worst, these connections can lead to a fast spread of financial crisis.
Like with anything, if mental health issues don't impact you personally, for instance if you deal with it, or a loved one does, then why worry about and judge how other people's lives and brains. Do you live in their head, experience their day-to-day struggles or triumphs, have you had the past that they have had?
John McLuckie built many of the biggest ‘brick and stick’ warehouses in early Vancouver. There ought to be a lot of information about him – he was in the city for over 40 years, but there’s very little material in the records, which perhaps reflects his status as a builder in the society of the time. There aren’t even any photographs of him in the archives - just of the buildings he built.
Usually when this happens, I just keep spiraling down, and I crash and burn. And trust me, it's not pretty. This time, I grabbed the bull by the horns, and told myself that I wasn't going to be my own worst enemy and sabotage myself again. I swallowed my fear and my feelings of inadequacy, and went to talk to one of my team members. In other words, I did my job, and I'm pretty proud of myself.
Aneurysm.
Last week (Thursday to be exact), I wrote: I wouldn't be surprised if it's gray, wet and 65 degrees next week. Better not put those sweaters too far out of reach.
I'm not sure that's such a good idea.
#1 - Control: has sun, water, air and soil(paper towels)
Again, that is precisely the reason government tends to grow in good times and bad and is one reason why anti-tax folks would like to minimize government and overhead.
It’s an odd thing to get excited about, but it’s a Skyrim first for me. You know, there’s really no reason for me to feel down. I did what I set out to do today. I made it to Solitude, and that’s cause to celebrate. And hey, no one even attacked me! I’ve waited my whole life to become a bard, so I can wait a bit longer. Isn’t that right, Meeko? Bark annoyingly if you agree. Good dog.
In regard to the nutritive value of beer over and above the stimulant and tonic actions due to the alcohol and to the bitter principle of the hop, it is worth notice that a pint of bitter beer contains from half an ounce to an ounce of solid extract.
What does one wear to rush? If we had a sorority our rule would be there are no rules - we’d welcome vintage flannel and Dior couture heels in equal measure, but Pi Phi’s rush chair’s a bit more specific. Her strictest rules, below. (UPDATE: We’ve attached the whole thing at the end, by popular demand.)
*Brock Gannon Literary Agency
We followed the crostini with a Cristina salad, which included many of my favorite ingredients: hearts of palms, oranges, avocado, and olives. I didn’t eat too much, though, because I was saving room for the main attraction: The two wood-fired pizzas. We ordered simple Margherita pizza, which was topped with fresh Mozzarella, tomato, and basil. But then, we also ordered a more unique pizza, the “Sardinian,” which included cauliflower, capers, tomato, and one of my favorite types of cheese: Pecorino (from sheep’s milk). If this is the type of pizza they eat in Sardinia, sign me up for the next visit.
And I'm not just saying this because one of her top "must see"
* I love gift giving. The more personalized the better. I love picking out just the perfect gift. Etsy is definitely one of my fave places to shop for gifts. Handmade gifts are so fun. Sometimes I find I need to tone it down....I want to give too much. I need to set a budget otherwise I'd go overboard.
Thank you, Heidi.
High counts included, 11 Osprey, 73 Sharp-shined Hawks, 100 Broad-winged Hawks (state’s second highest for the month of May) , 364 Chimney Swifts (state’s 7th highest count), 2,121 Blue Jays (state’s 10th largest count), 19 Cliff Swallows, 124 Blue-gray Gnatcatchers (new state record!), 535 Yellow-rumped Warblers state’s 9th largest count), 109 Palm Warblers, 268 Baltimore Orioles (state’s second highest count) , 139 Indigo Buntings, and 1,579 American Goldfinch.
2.) I'll burn it off at the gym in the morning.
For when you feel stuck back there:
I figured I need to do something fun to keep me going with this so I purchased an exercise dvd that is line dancing but exercise as well. I think my legs almost fell off, how do they jump around like that for so long?! I will try it a few more times though maybe the thin people on the screen will give me motivation to move my rump (grins). I want to try stepping exercise as well so I bought a step with risers. This is all new to me so hopefully it will give me something different to mix in instead of doing the same thing all over again. The step is huge and the dog does not like it at all. He just runs around it barking, it’s rather funny to watch.
The bolognaise that was in the fridge! I think it grows in my house.
External resources we've used:
The nature of the universe changes on a minute-to-minute and moment-to-moment basis. The sky tonight may look identical to the sky of last night; but any astronomer can point out innumerable differences.
There are very specific guidelines which have been adopted the UMM sub group. Every inquiry they receive will have to be approved before it appears on the web site. Ideally, we are planning to launch the web page by July 1st. So, over the next two months if you would like to participate we are asking the following:
I was caught up in one of the shows when I noticed the kitchen lights had dimmed. He opened the door and asked me to join him at the table that was set with schmancy silverware, cloth napkins and candles lit everywhere. He wouldn’t take a bite of anything until I had tasted it first. It started with a tomato and bocconcini salad followed by shredded brussel sprouts w/ bacon. The main course was a pasta in a homemade cream sauce (not Alfredo) with steak. And guys, he gave me the big steak. Can I get a swoon-swoon!!! He rounded it off with chocolate mousse for dessert. He genuinely found pleasure in seeing me enjoy the entire meal. This….is how you wine and dine a chick. IT WAS THE MOST ROMANTIC MOMENT OF MY LIFE.
This is a concept that Tony Robbins talks about, and it is much easier in theory than in practice. I hope to get to that point for a few of my vices one day. What if I ever need that bridge? It takes a lot of strength to burn it down. It's much easier to lightly cover the trail behind and say, "I'll be able to find my way back to the bridge if need be." But at least I have the courage to carry the matches, just in case.
I used the gorgeous Crafter's Workshop blossom stencil with some mauve paint and gesso for the background to tie in with the flowers in my photo. I just love the doily chippies from Scrapware and used one to frame my photo, then trimmed it with some lace for a little texture. I found a beautiful purple & beige doily a while ago at my local op shop and thought it was perfect colour for my LO. Couldn't resist adding some Collections butterflies and paper blossoms, with a little muslin under the flowers to create a bit of softness to finish my page.
Henry was quickly billed as “that guy Zaav has to kill to get more money”. He was, in all honesty, a bit of an ass to his younger brother, and yet, despite his cool swagger in the midst of the ball, he remained abnormally unattached for an heir of his age. Though we saw little enough of dear Henry before his untimely death, a few assumptions can be made of his character. He obviously saw no harm in taking a seductive woman into his chambers (potentially a family trait – it was Zaav’s mistress after all) which may account for his unmarried status. We also know he was quite a skilled duelist – he came exceedingly near to killing Fortinbras. Beyond this, there were some indications that he fancied Brunhilde for himself, but that may have simply been sibling rivalry during that first ball.
I'm feeling confident now because I've just tested the heck out of this tension and so in goes the baby quilt and 3/4 of the way down the quilt... SKIP.
Prayer, true prayer that reaches the heart of God, must come from the depths of a pure and sincere heart – a heart that resonates with the Love and Compassion that is in the Father’s Heart, The closer our prayer is to the desires of the Father’s heart the closer that prayer is to being answered. And, because, our access to the heart of God is through His Spirit that is in us, it is, when we pray in the spirit, that is, out of the depths of our heart, the sanctuary of His Spirit, that our innermost desires become one with His and our prayer is, de facto, “according to His Will”. Of course, if you are NOT “in Christ” you have no access to the throne of God or His sanctuary and need to get in Christ as quickly as possible, through confession, repentance, and conversion ( see Related Links).
doctrines" to align herself with any particular belief
“Just wanna be careful with those girls, Biff, that’s all. Don’t make any promises. No promises of any kind. Because a girl, y’know, they always believe what you tell them.”—Willy Loman
It is easy to become so involved in a project that one becomes insensitive to the needs of others. It may be hard to understand why others may not have the same passion for details or organization. Some administrative types can use their position to “bully” people or exhibit a “my way or the skyway” type attitude. A person with administration gifts will often be tempted to take on too much work and personal responsibilities. There can also be over dependency on the gift so God is organized right out of the project.
That’s all for now.
Four little arty vignette impressions. Why? Not sure really. So enjoy!
Now the truth is that deep down inside we all know the answer. We pretend we don't know, but we know. The answer is that there is no meaning. Our primary job is to turn food into fertilizer.
Remember that challenge we had for spring showers....well it is time to BRING ON THE FLOWERS! Use a Stamping Bella Stamp, pick a flower image, flower paper, or a flower embellishment and get busy! Email your finished card to emily@stampingbella.com, or upload to our SCS gallery to be eligible to win some bucks. We ALL love a good flower image and with some new ones to choose from and MANY old ones in my stash I will certainly be decision impaired! ﻿
There exist full manuscripts of the New Testament as early as 350, which is about the same time as the Church officially compiled the New Testament in 367. There are papyri containing most of the New Testament from the third century. There is a fragment of John’s Gospel from AD 139. There are over 5,000 Greek manuscripts, over 10,000 Latin manuscripts, and 9,300 other manuscripts including those in Syriac, Coptic, Armenian, Georgian and so forth. There are over 36,000 citations of the New Testament in the writings of the early church fathers.
House Made Ramen Noodles, Soy Egg, Pork belly, Smoked Beach Mushrooms, Leeks Spinach, Toasted Nori.
I promise, the whole time you are reading this you will be pleased. The suspense is incredible. Turning the page is exciting because you never know what exciting thing will happen next. This book has romance, friend ship, and family struggles all put in together. I think you can really relate to the characters. I guess you could say I can relate to Peeta. In a very small way. WARNING: Spoiler Alert!
“There’s a 24-hour comic draw tonight,” he says, “You literally draw for 24 hours straight.” He’s tired, though, and so he debates over whether or not to go. It’s no wonder he’s exhausted. Jason has been shuttling himself back and forth to Boston, where he’s storyboarding an ABC pilot. He storyboarded Ben Affleck’s The Town, and has worked on several other film sets, too.
The process of reorganising CIPRO and retraining of staff had taken more than a year of intensive work, according to the department's Deputy Director General, Zodwa Ntuli.
I keep referring to this scripture because it says, “we have this treasure.” This means it is already ours. Paul was discussing the glory of the Lord in this Corinthian letter. That the glory should be seen in us. The church is awakening to the truth that God is able to do great things in and through us.
We were racists for even suggesting that Barack Hussein Obama was a liar, who would say anything to get elected. We were paranoid when we made the claim that he was inexperienced and incompetent. But to quote Obama's one time spiritual adviser, "the chickens have come home to roost".
John 17:6-19
Number One (#1) on the List of In No Certain Order - My Favorite Things is...
Region: Argentina
One year, I had just received a population update for the countries under my administration. In exasperation of trying to stretch our budget resources I divided the amount of our annual budget from the mission board for field work and missionary support by the population we were trying to reach. The answer was 1.7 cents. I acknowledge that that really didn’t mean anything, but the thought occurred to me, “We don’t give two cents for the salvation of the people who are lost around the world!”
A drop fell on the apple tree
Panini UK's new ThunderCats Magazine will be hitting the shelves on 22nd March 2012, a four-weekly magazine based on the brand new series of ThunderCats currently being shown on Channel 5 and Cartoon Network.
I place more value on taking care of myself. I am more aware of my need for personal time and more aware of how to fill that time for maximum satisfaction. I am more spritually aware than I would have been attending church and listening to sermons each week (at least that’s how I feel). I can see my perspective a little clearer, and I have more peace with the fog and doubts that travel with me no matter where I go. Experiencing other religions in small ways only enhanced my own relationship with God, as did lots of quiet time away from the hustle and bustle.
And then he showed his omniscience for he retrieved a straw mat from beside the rock and placed it under a tree.
-when most of the water has evaporated, lift lid & fry till the cornflour makes a crispy lattice
you used to say
archives from Russia
Police Every breath you take UK
How are your website efforts analogous to upstart mobile video games (or just doing overall)? Let us know in the comments below!
Genetically engineered Bt brinjal and the implications for plant biodiversity – revisited, an independent study commissioned by Greenpeace International, finds that brinjal relatives do occur in the regions where cultivation of GE Bt brinjal is proposed, and that GE Bt brinjal may mate with these relatives to spread the GE Bt gene. Spread of the GE Bt gene would have considerable ecological implications, as well as implications for future crop contamination and farmers’ rights.
My hubby and son love this meal, though they are not hard to please, I agree that it is really yum!
Yup, coffee is back in the game! And I do have to say, my darling coffee, that these last 30 days without you were terrible. Welcome back, blessed friend.
Darius Hanks, Washington Redskins
had just happened. "And so I am very sorry for sending you to jail for so
Dr K.T. Achaya’s book was first published in 1994.
Which, admittedly, doesn’t really sing as a campaign message.
I’m trying really hard not to focus on the negative, on the bad side of statistics that says that 10 – 30% of women do not get to keep their baby, depending on their age; on the fact that we did not really see a gestational sac on Wednesday, that it could only be guessed at.
Without warning, he fell forward across her face and drove his tongue into her open, complaining mouth, forcing it deeper into her throat, sucking at her own tongue until she choked, and gagged, and it was time for more pins.
Taste the soup.
Here's the back of the camera! If you are wondering how in the world this odd looking box take pictures, don't ask me. I still don't really understand exactly how it does it. I do know that it has to do with light and when you do expose it, the image is taken upside down. I just know it works and that is ok with me! :)
6 days of work, of pain, of suffering. To come to the 7th day, a day of rest, of comfort, of healing.
evening run. Boy did I get some grief from my friends.
“From victory to victory” is not a cliche in her life. It is her life. Victory, struggle, then victory again. Mountain top, valley, then mountain top again. That’s what it really means.
Right at the top my header picture looks down on Marton from the Long Mountain. Marton lies in the path of this proposed Purple South Corrior. Just imagine a string of pylons running across the middle of this picture to see what there is to lose. It's a ghastly image that could be repeated the length of the valley.
And worst of all, these artsy folks might not even drive a big truck to go to the corner store.
Flash forward a quarter of a century.
PS. And, to all the people of South Africa, today is 50 days before the World Cup; we're still talking about Malema.
*get inspired*
In our home, we have a cupboard. Nothing extraordinary there?
And yes, everybody says some old axiom about Mondays being the worst day of the week. Everybody wakes up and feels extra groggy, maybe they forget the sugar in their coffee in the morning, and lose one of the files from last week. Mondays are designed to make everybody feel like they are just one step behind normality, and normality had chili for dinner last night…
In one, I was driving a car in which all 72 of us were riding. I had no idea where we were or even where we were going, but I didn’t want to admit it, so I kept trying to get my bearings by looking at road signs. Because I was going a little fast, I missed a curve. We ended up in a large flat area and came to a stop facing the way we had come. Still not wanting to admit my ignorance, I said I was just turning around.
If somebody, say, kills your dad, you can carve the dude’s remains into a throne and set it up in your war room. Think about that. Every time somebody comes to see you, you’re kicking back sitting on a chair made out of the FUCKING SKULL OF THE LAST GUY THAT REALLY PISSED YOU OFF.
Grilled Tilapia prepared directly over a charcoal fire produces the best results. If you have no charcoal grill, you can use the oven broiler to make grilled Tilapia.
You can use this extra day in the year, to down to the grind as any work week day, or you can use this extra day to have some fun. The choice is yours.
For your news needs
Truly, the answer to why I once could eat so much has a lot to do with American culture and my parents. The other night I went to a local deli and ordered a turkey sandwich. Because I ordered it on wheat bread, and their wheat bread was small, they gave me TWO sandwiches each piled high with about an inch and a half of turkey as if it was one cut in half. That’s how outrageous portion sizes are here. Those type of portions are normal to my parents so they became normal to me.
Frankly, I found the entire discussion bizzare. When it started, I thought we were talking about the abortion issue. It soon became clear that Mr. Zimmer was accusing me of wanting him eliminated. WTF?
I count five celebrating players all squeezed into that frame.
and the Dome of the Rock is on the other,
This article has already had a fair amount of students get lets say a little annoyed at and enough to want a retraction of the article for its lack of research into the subject. I have however heard that they are still inviting someone from the same site to come along to a festival they are holding at their student union, I only hope they can one, drink and write as it takes more skills then they might think, two be able to drink more than a pint and three have the balls to come along to it at all.
My eyes are now wide open
From doors of mudcracked houses
RED ZONE, a graffiti-strewn poem diary of homelessness in Nanaimo, BC, where I live. RED ZONE has been taught in literature courses at Vancouver Island University and elsewhere. Critics have compared it to the writings of Allen Ginsberg, Marge Piercy and John Steinbeck.
The reddener of the edges,
My parents never gave up.
Which brings us back to the con-trolls. There aren’t so many ways to turn people into trolls. Only a few are actually born that way; most are created by meme infestation or plain ol’ greed to scourge the internet for non-conforming sources to attack. But it is not they who choose the targets… that information comes from above, which makes them useful idiots to overlords and discerners alike.
Fans will be able to walk up and step into the Time Capsule to make their own fully produced and effected digital 30-second video clip.
~ Rufus Jones, The Inner Life
Happy writing and may the transitions always move you forward,
Pomerantz a palm tree surrounded by aunts
Shows he cares
We’ll have our motivational videos up soon, so keep checking back, ESPECIALLY if you want to get involved.
I took these with my cell phone. When I see the beauty of these pictures, I am reminded of that day. Every move I made was breathtaking. The sun was glowing. As you view these just look and listen to God’s voice. No I am not imagining this. He is present, always is. I will also be adding an image page that you can view each, at larger size. I wanted to share this with you because perhaps this is why His presence was revealed so present to me. I mean it was light and in just minutes it went from light to the sun just fading and then this glow glistened at me. It then followed my every move. I remember just thanking God for His beauty and for creating me. I just began to praise Him. I said, to myself if only I had a camera Lord, I could capture all your beauty.
(Slipping through my fingers all the time)
Wembley Arena
