Whatever the reason for the split, police are trying to determine what link it may have to the shooting in Abraham’s law office in Greenwood, a city of about 15,000 people that sprung up years ago around the cotton industry and is home to Viking Range Corp., the upscale appliance manufacturer.
As for me, I'm just not in the mood this year. I think I'm tired. There has been one thing after another for the past four years and it's enough to try the patience of a saint - and I'm far from being a saint. I need to pull my big girl britches up a notch or two and keep on moving forward. Things WILL get better. I just need to keep on keepin' on. I need to keep the faith that all things work together. God never said it would be easy - just that He would never abandon me. Even in my darkest hours, I have to hold on to that truth.
Bake at 400° for 17-20 minutes. Cool 15 minutes in pan on wire rack. Remove from pan and serve warm. Makes 6 jumbo muffins or 12 standard size. For jumbo size, bake at 350° for 20 to 25 mins.
While many of you feel we have not been around as much, we have actually been present in your Lives more than ever. We have been with you in your saddest of moments, giving you a shoulder to cry on and letting you know that we do truly understand your fears, your worries and concerns, and that we truly are as Loving of you as we say we are. We have been with those of you who feel so stuck, so limited in your third dimensional expressions of self. We have been with those of you who feel that you may never escape this, what you perceive as hell. We feel you all so very dearly, and we wish you to know that we match your beautiful emotion about the surroundings you all find yourselves in tenfold.
The summer brought a whirl wind. I had to get a second job to pay for student loans. I worked all the time and spent the hours when I should have been sleeping developing my new relationship with TK. I went to New York City and experienced the big life then went the the Grandfather Mountain Highland Games and experienced the simple life. I became someone's girlfriend and gained a dependable ally in my life. I spent the summer in highs and lows. I dreaded waiting tables and swooned in the excitement of getting to ride my horse for the first time. Granite was amazing. Then he was terrible. I felt at the end of my rope but then slowly inspired by progress.
Thursday, February 16, 2012
1965
UEFA, UEFA, UEFA…the Union of European blah blah blah…..
Well, yesterday I had to get outside for a walk. It had been a hectic day where nothing seemed to be working...but I finally had a breakthrough, and it was a good time to get some air.
I spoke to my MIL early Saturday morning and she shared the best line I think I have heard coming from my FIL...she said he asked her "When are you going to make the house smell like Christmas?!" He is speaking of the lovely anise aroma that accompanies making Italian Pizzelle cookies. My husband surely follows in his father's footsteps...when the first steam of the waffle cookie escaped from the pizzelle iron, my husband exclaimed "It's Christmas! I smell Pizzelles!"
It took one hour and fifty-nine minutes to make the purchase of a new lead for the dogs trolley. The store: 1. Did something magical with the electrical power and collected the customers one by one via flashlight. 2. Couldn’t check out the customers because they couldn’t open the registers/computers; 3. No AC, two customers were trying to buy candy for Easter. The were concerned; 4. I found out that one now needs to have their street address on their checks. The reason, the manager said was they couldn’t very well send the police to stand out side a PO Box (to which I allowed as how they could, for all of me).
*Yes, they've perfected the art of begging from a prone position. Oh that look... I must be strong.
Passover. Well, first off I should explain that I multicultural. My father is a Catholic Mexican-American, my mother a Jewish White (european…way back) American. So I kinda celebrate the holidays of both. Passover starts tonight. Also, today is Good Friday. Coincidence. However, it is not a coincidence that Easter falls during Passover. Passover is a week long holiday in the spring during which Jews remember the long passage on which their ancestors back in Egypt traveled to Israel. It took 40 years. While escaping from slavery from the Egyptians, they did not have time to make bread, so they made and ate matzah, unleavened bread. That is my small recount of the tale of Passover. So during this week long celebration, Jews do not eat bread products or with flour, and depending on their religious background, can take it as far as not eating anything that is a grain product, including rice, corn and peas. A little bit too extreme in my book. Anyway, I decided to look on the list of ingredients on the cardboard box, I mean matzah box. Turns out it’s made with flour. Now this puzzled me. If Jews aren’t supposed to eat anything with flour, why would they eat matzah? And this year, I stumbled upon another question. If Jews are supposed to eat unleavened bread, why not eat pita bread? Seriously, much tastier than matzah.
Well our new prompt for Scrap That Baby is all about your baby's body parts. Scrap something about a part of your baby's body whether it's his/her hands, feet, eyes or nose. Check out the STB blog for more inspiration. Here's my take for this challenge:
I can't tell you how much I loved this book. You know how you have a great story, great writing, great concept and everything just fits together better than anything you've read before, this is that book. I just don't see any flaws - other than the next one needs to be out like yesterday!
Emery says he doesn’t tend to get into political discussions with his fellow inmates, most of who are from a completely different culture than that in British Columbia.
And as I write this I am just a little bit sad, in the midst of all the happiness his birthday brought. It seems like the end of an era, somehow.
I’d rather the ‘proper’ recommendation of a ‘proper’ friend who one actually speaks to… I know, a bit old fashioned that but, talking (in my experience) does have quite a bit going for it – as opposed to living your life as dictated by a BlackBerry; ‘cos that’s pretty much like chattering to someone who camps out behind their sunglasses.
The era of irresponsibility in high office needs to be brought to a close. The role of the Treasury in supporting this grossly irresponsible behaviour is questionable. The silence on the missing accounts is intolerable. The chapter of getting away with it needs to be ended.
Golden Summe, Wold Top Brewery,
LS: I still battle with the second act and I suppose it varies for different genres. I think it's easier if you break it up as much as possible. I like to think of the page numbers like the minutes on a clock and at every ten to fifteen minute mark, something should change, so the second act has three major shifts to go through... 30-45, 45-60, 60-75... I think those are the points to present conflict and tension so that something changes in your characters. It has to constantly build and unbuild and build again. It should have a big page 60 high and a page 75 drop. I think it has the shape of an EKG or a really good roller coaster or even a song. If a song goes verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge, chorus... or something like that... you can sort of see the shape of a screenplay.
Onion gravy
Fourth, Sutton has private reasons for what he and his task force are doing. He sees it as a way to gain heightened prestige for himself, advance his own career, and eventually secure for himself the top position in the ACNA hierarchy—the office of Archbishop and Primate of the ACNA.
He…
I don’t know why I feel compelled to give everyone updates on stuff, but I do. Last week I typed my very favorite words: THE END. That’s right, I polished of the Super Hero Novel of Awesome. Since it is a first draft, I happen to know that it’s full of crappy-crap and stinks to high-literature, but it’s a finished first draft. Ah, I love drafting.
I'm pregnant. 10.5 weeks at this point. Due in March, if I can get that far. To the extent that this is painful for some of you to hear yet another person has gotten pregnant when you so want and deserve to be pregnant as well, I am so sorry. The world is freaking unfair. Anyone reading this knows that without a doubt I imagine, but still I am sorry.
Yep, I'm having a pre-Christmas sale on my beads It's partly in the spirit of the holidays, partly as a preparation for the new year - many of the beads on both my Etsy store and main site will be taken down after the sale, so if there's anything that's caught your fancy, now would be a good time to take the plunge and buy *G*
As well as stamps, there is also papers, flowers, ribbon, charms, spacers, brads, pearls, gems, inky dinky drops, buttons...........need I say more?
Marital harmony was momentarily upset towards the end of last week with the unexpected appearance of Pergola Man – accompanied by an impressive collection of wooden posts – who I’d forgotten to cancel when our finances took a nosedive earlier in the year. Never mind, we now have a rather handsome pergola, H is once more immersed in seed catalogues and I can feel a trip to the climber nursery coming on.
Hearts break.
VIP ushers
Listen with your eyes
I am very excited to be a Guest at Creative Scrappers today! They offer up an amazing sketch each week and select one winner each month from all the entries.
My Facebook and my WordPress blog
To note upon the haly table,
My kids have been sick now off and on, for a month now. And let me tell you the thing about sick babies.
And I hear the moonbats saying, you’re just demonizing the most vulnerable members of our society, the people who fell through the safety net, the victims of George Bush and Halliburton. This poor oppressed citizen has no money, right?
just another way to use scraps
That's simply not true!
"Up from the grave He arose,
JR Matinez – came to WIN last night! Seriously, it was HIS night and everyone else was a spectator. He and Karina knocked two dances out of the park last night, and he is back on top of the leaderboard as he should be. He looks like a pro – his footwork is preceise, his energy matches his partner, he looks totally in control and confident… he just came out gangbusters last night!
In a post on Weibo, “玩世不恭“ ranted at Singaporeans for ‘looking down’ on mainland Chinese and repeated Sun Xu’s infamous remark on there ‘being more dogs than humans in Singapore.’
06-29 St. Gallen, Switzerland – Open Air
Now I am having difficulty embeding the video into the blog, but I strongly suggest you click on the link rather then by-pass it.
-Brock uses the chain to tie Cena’s legs.
of turbulence and stability
an appearance or fashion – “She has the perfect look for the job.”;
all.day.long.
Decorate cupcakes with fresh pineapple, maraschino cherries or paper umbrellas.
For the cockpit, I’ve fitted some Ergon GR2 ‘biokork’ grips. I had a play with these grips at the London bike show earlier in the year and was sold. They feel very comfortable in the hand and I’m looking forward to piling on many miles with them. They were a bit of a fiddle to install, as you need to ensure the end of the bar sits in the metal clamp (integral to the bar ends on my model) and this required quite a bit of persuasion.
Not this guy.
Judge for yourselves :
You really must sort out the photos/clean the garage/turn that kid's bedroom into a study
about 1/2 cup heavy cream
In my last post I mentioned I had made a cake for my friends's Sister's 18th Birthday well I think for my 1st attempt at any kind of cake it came out reasonably good and as I was at the party I had people comin up all nite saying how good it looked and tasted so here is a picture and your comments are greatly appreciated thanks mandy xx
He feeds upon her face by day and night,
So, how do some characters bury themselves up to their armpits in your life and hundreds/thousands of others don’t? I need to know how almost every episode of Greys Anatomy makes me feel something, and how I’m drawn to Harry Dresden so I can write characters and build scenes like that. My characters are never going to be the standard of beauty or climb into one-size-fits-all lives but I want them to cast spells. I want people to feel them, to need them in their bags, on their tables and talking in their ears.
What most are not aware of is how the ROD works and how it’s very much like a combination lock. You have to have the sequence in order or it just won’t open. ROD requires a certain formula of deceleration rate to be the start of the evaluation. This picks the races. The next formula picks the best two most similar races for that horse which is racing today. The next formula picks the best race of those two and isolates that particular race. The next formula pits all the horse’s best race against each other horse’s best race in the past. The next and final formula picks the best three horses for today’s race card. So you can see that if there are nine ROD formulas to choose from in the combination, you must have them stacked correctly in sequence or you just can’t open the lock. Once its open, it is then we apply the trend to see how deep the closers are and validate the selections on the Bet Sheet.
The contrast between Romney and Obama is huge. Republicans know that and many voters from both parties have concluded that. In some very real ways, this is a repeat of the Carter-Reagan race, a failed President versus a man who has served successfully as the Governor of a State, working well with a legislature dominated by the other party.
* 100g butter
Hermione Granger has come a long way from the tangle-haired Hogwarts freshman we once knew. The same goes for pretty Emma Watson, who plays Hermione in the Harry Potter movies, and who started out as a wide-eyed newcomer to the world of acting when she was first cast.
It’s important to point out that not only did we get our independence during the war but also that many Icelanders were very happy to break away from the Danes. Denmark had been our main source of cultural influence; many people studied there or lived for some period of time. As a part of Europe we knew and learned high culture but we never really found our place in it – with the exception of literature.
and make good your vows to the Most High.
I'm taking a little break with my squares during April - I have so many other things going on and its becoming a chore rather than a fun thing. I've made 100 squares up to now and hope to resume around May time
This time, I was determined to literally whip you into submission, to make you homogenous and dreamy, then pour you into a buttery crust.
So many lovely words left for both Trev, for his family to read and to his sister and other family members, he was such a decent bloke, wouldn’t hurt a fly, didn’t drink, and would honk at me if I was walking or catching the bus in a morning. It is so surreal, I will miss them honks and you shouting out your window.
I would have to strongly disagree with Armendariz on comparing post-crucifixion results. For you see, the Roman legions often restructured civic management so that there was even more prosperity (e.g. Roman Egypt was extremely productive, as can be attested to by the “Valley of the Golden Mummies” that were the burials of regular merchants and farmers). The Romans brought in a quasi-meritocracy, in which a slave could eventually become free and wealthy (e.g., Gaius Julius Zoilus, the freed slave of Julius Caesar who founded the affluent and cultured city of Aphrodisias). The Romans helped unify their world via language and culture. Hell, they even allowed children to work on farms!!!
Han: Oh, is there a new Tyler Perry moving coming out?
They were accused of breaching the Central Wales Football Association’s regulations, which ban under-11s from taking part in competitive matches. For reasons best known to Nanny, she has decreed that teams belonging to the league must play each other on a friendly basis, with no league table or points being recorded.
Early on I realised that the blurb I’ve been writing for each CD is more a first impression than anything else. Over time I’m hearing different aspects of the songs, which in some cases has led to the initial opinion being revised.
I would hope the fact that I love cooking is clear to you all by now, considering I have started this blog about how much I love cooking.
This would result in the release of about 9000 prisoners from next week.
In about 15 days, Amazon will pay us (minus the fees to themselves and Kickstarter, which add up to about 10% total) and I will be cutting checks and getting the whole production machine rocking. We have product coming from 5 states, I have to coodinate signings with people in 3 others & then have to send out all the books, shirts, toys and buttons to people all over the US and a bunch of other countries... While I actually love this aspect of the comic business, it's tiring and a ton of hard work.
So, what does all of this mean for the grass-roots community members? None of us get to vote in these elections. So, what are our options? I think the more we make ourselves aware of what the AFN is doing in our names, the better we will be able to put pressure on our own Chiefs on how to vote. For many years, in many First Nations, Chiefs have been deciding who he/she votes for as NC without ever consulting with the community. It is time for us to make a change and exercise our voices again.
I am quite sure that neither woman had ever had a bit of makeup touch her skin. They were both beautiful. Gentle, peaceful, cheerful, and completely oblivious to current trends in fashion.
On this volume the Belgian song is an album track by Daan called "Le vaurien". And if the Dutch song"Watskeburt" ("Wh'appened") by De Jeugd Van Tegenwoordig would've been released worldwide, it would've become a massive global hit. Don't believe me on my word, but do listen to it, and convince yourself...
3. Get invited to our online Cinch Support Team by paying the $10 entry fee to your business leader, (your $10 entry fee will go into the end-of-program prizes. Prizes to be announced after group size is determined.) and attend our weekly, 30-minute support conference calls. Here you will be able to connect with others in the challenge, get daily motivation, recipes, workout tips and more! These teams of people are your place to share your successes, and challenges as you head toward your goals. You will get an email with more directions for this step.
Seriously stay home. You can’t drive.
Just So You Know... I learned from the news the most likely group to go hungry is the 50+ group. Seems I’m on track to lose a pound for every year past that age.
I hope you will try your hand at Russian Imperial Stout one of these years. I’m aware of how difficult good brew making is. I know you're busy enough. Don’t worry about a few early mistakes like the Palm's vintage apple wine that had a clear vinegar start with a hint of chlorine after taste. My Dad never knew the difference. I tolerated it too, during Lent a few years ago.
We got the spirit
This is basically a small cup of chowder with oysters in it. The soup was definitely made up largely of heavy cream, butter and maybe chopped chives. It was super duper rich so much so it tasted like there was cheese melted into it. It’s so decadent and I can see why our server suggested the fresh made parker house rolls to dip into the soup (this is not something I would really spoon into my mouth?). The uni butter crostini – well you couldn’t make out the uni but it sure was delicious dipped into that chowder. I managed to fish out three HUGE succulent oysters:
When my horses were thirsty and I had to stand on the ground
Want to join the grow-your-own food movement but just don’t know where to start? Don’t fear. Spring is here and it’s the perfect time to start growing delicious foods right where you live. Why not begin with foods that are nearly fail-proof? Here are my top 5 foods to grow at home whether you have a lot of space or just a sunny window. A spot with six hours or more of sunlight is all you need to Do Your Part for fresher foods.
What the heck can you do though to manage stressful situations before they spiral out of control? Here are some ideas I’m going to try:
Tips for the interviewees
I study overseas also and with no grants, no scholarship or anything special and yet I wish my home country would offer me that.
Max Jason Mai (b. Miro Smajda), Slovakian entry has finally perfomed his entry ‘Don’t Close Your Eyes’
By the time this movie came out, the courtroom drama was already a tried-and-true staple of motion pictures, and yet Witness for the Prosecution added so much to the genre, and set the standard for many more films to come. This can be attributed in equal parts to Christie, giant of the mystery milieu that she was; Wilder, the man who made it work so well without seeming like a "filmed play"; and the supreme efforts of a brilliant cast, highlighted by Laughton, one of the true craftsmen of his time.
“The IOC Executive Board, in accordance with Rule 19.2.10 OC and pursuant to Rule 45 OC, hereby issues the following rules regarding participation in the Olympic Games:
Tasting the salt and the spray
Klip Klop is our Team Boo mascot. Team motto is 'if the horse is a rockin' - don't come a knocking'.
Green’s Endeavour
I’m getting a little bit confused now. Not sure where the negativity and positivity are coming from at all! Maybe from out of me arse!
Then you have the other kind.
To teach realistic pressure point self defense techniques.
Here's the short version of the road to publication:
Notes: Beating the egg whites till they are similar to a meringue mixture gives the cake it's height. It doesn't raise a great deal.
967. Lunch of Celery with Cashew Butter, Spicy Beans, Gala Apple, & Pluots @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 1:22 p.m.
Other players out on contract in the summer include Tom Soares, Andrew Davies, Big Mama, Ricardo Fuller (although he has been offered a one year contract) and Carlo Nash.
Well, it turns out there's nothing to get. Communication is communication. Some of it is good. Some of it is bad. Some of it comes through a cable, some of it comes through the air. Some of it is persuasive and entertaining. Some of it is dull and ineffectual.
I’ve written when I’m tired and when I’m really tired and when I’m really, really tired. Soon I’ll be ready for really, really, really tired. And yes, I did notice my tense didn’t match in the first sentence of this paragraph. I’m also not doing much editing. Just occasional misspellings and the rest is a quick edit in my head.
To be honest, I’m there now. Revisions are kicking my butt, I’m overwhelmed and looking at a big blob of a manuscript that on some days only seems a little less blobby. I hit this really awesome stride with writing last week and then got STUCK and those NEVER voices (yes, I do have voices in my head) crept back in—those voices that threaten NEVER, NEVER, NEVER almost enough to make me want to give up.
Estimated Birth Year: abt 1861
PATIENCE HODGSON, singer, artist, whirling dervish. There is no-one who can match her live energy at a Grates gig. She has an amazing voice, writes kick-ass songs (with bandmate John), and is a total sweetheart.
There is one mirror in my house. Our faction allows me to stand in front of it on the second day of every third month, the day my mother cuts my hair. It is behind a sliding panel in the hallway upstairs.
Breeder: Peter Casey Jockey: Sam Twiston-Davies
What you’d really like to have is a giant hotspot that goes where you go. You may be getting by in town and on the road by finding motels and restaurants that offer free WiFi. But it sure is frustrating when you can’t. What about at your relatives’ house or up at the lake? Internet? No Internet there.
All the madness that occurs
I’ve been drinking at least two or three glasses of wine every night for maybe a year, and what I don’t like is that my little habit has turned into a battle of wills, with wine winning more often than not.
Anyway, the games started after that.
I liked this book because it always had action and emotions. It is truly a good book because you feel like you’re right there in the book, helping them. My favorite character is Zanna, and if I could be anyone it would be her. My favorite part is when Chris d’Lacey tells about Guinevere and Gawain because he gives a lot of detail. I think this book is a great book. I think you should read it.
Marisol de la Cadena — Professor of Anthropology
You might wondering when did I went Chiang Mai, Thailand? No, I didn't. How I really wish I could visit this city where enjoy a ride on the big giant elephant, seeing all the magnificent and beautiful "wat" or known as temple or even shopping till I drop? My parents did that by the way when both of them went Chiang Mai last month with their friends. And they did bought lot of goodies/stuff like what you saw as the above just for me. Greedy gal am I, right?
and that maybe something I did or something I said,
I love derby and we have really been enjoying our last Derby in Louisville (but I will continue to celebrate wherever we are!) We finally made it to Thunder Over Louisville and it was so much fun. We started with the Bats baseball game and then walked around and rolled down this hill until time for the fireworks. It was quite cold and a long wait but the boys did great and we really enjoyed it.
I can’t keep waking up unhappy in my skin because I am not perfectly thin, perfectly organized, perfectly beautiful, intelligent and on and on.
The two front-runners of this year’s nominations best illustrate this point. The battle of the ex-es aside, Avatar and The Hurt Locker are neck and neck with 9 nods, competing in many of the same categories. But The Hurt Locker appears in two that are crucial in defining its artistic value as a motion picture: Best Actor (Jeremy Renner) and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen (Mark Boal), while Avatar falls short in these categories.
This event called Convergence: Interdisciplinary Perspectives on Fashion reflects the interdisciplinary nature of scholarly fashion research today. Speakers from Ryerson, York and University of Toronto will present their research in three panels including - Narratives of Femininity in Fashion; Canadian Content? From Local to Global; and The Spaces in Fashion: Conditions & Contexts. The plenary talk will be given at 4:30 pm by Kate Strasdin of the University of Southampton and The Royal Ontario Museum’s 2011 Gervers Fellow.
CSI was launched on 6 January and got a flying start! really such a fantastic thing with more than 300 people checkin out the site that first day!
Running around a track,
Tidal current technology is a form of hydropower and harnesses the energy in tides and converts it into usable power.
Spoke about how she had lost her smile…
When I was young, my dad loved using idioms. I think he is the one that started them. Really. His favorite was, “All hell broke loose.” I could picture fire and the devil breaking out of a jail somewhere. I’ve loved idioms every since.
OAKLAND, California (Reuters) – A magnitude 4.0 earthquake shook the San Francisco Bay area on Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
*If you like it, let me know !
Tracklist:
Pace: 6 ; Parry: 6 ; Toughness: 7
Bring oven back to 400 degrees.
Ronald Reagan: he was my favorite president of my lifetime. He was president during my late high school and college years, a time when the world is fresh and new and everything seems possible. And really, that’s the feel I think Reagan gave to our nation.
Hm…
ONLY 85 copies, the scarce Thunderstorm Books “Supercell” line.
Click here to check out the schedule and all the details, and don't forget to follow along with the blog hop. Can't wait!
When the police are called in to deal with stressful situations such as domestic issues, car accidents or minor infractions, the adult aspie is already stressed. As tension builds and they feel a meltdown looming, they will attempt to remove themselves from the situation. Unfortunately, during police action, this ability and this "right" is significantly reduced. It's quite common for innocent aspies to run from the police and it's equally common for aspies to resort to violent outbursts in these situations.
Armed forces are no longer successful in perjuring enemies. The enlisteds’ untruths make
Given that Jonathan Sumption QC is about to take his seat in the Supreme Court after finishing the The Battle of The Oligarchs case – the post is worth a read.
Todd sideways glancing
Chorus (15)
Here, may I present you the participants from various countries all over the world. PLEASE SEND US YOUR REPRESENTATIVE IF YOU HAVE ANY IN MIND AND I HAD NOT INCLUDED IN THE CONTEST YET. PLEASE SEND US THE APPROPRIATE FORMAT SO THAT WE CAN ATTACH IT IN OUR BLOGS.
For Two
But that doesn’t mean you can’t support the Thai Tims.
This photo features an alligator gar which was caught in Lake Livingston. It weighed 162 pounds and was 7 feet long. If you aren't familiar with alligator gar, this species is a fish with a head resembling an alligator. No one wants to catch an alligator gar.
Alborosie - Blue Movie Boo
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
Oh, I've been told that I'm a fabulous mover and I get kids and us involved in activities and "live as though it's the last place on earth we'll ever call home" and I do, I suppose. But I don't completely settle. Especially this time. It was often easier in Geneva to just play the "let's just wait" card. "Let's wait to get to America before we get started in dance lessons because then they'll be in English" or "let's wait until we move back to the States before we buy a crockpot because then it will work on that voltage". We did plenty of living like we'd never move again, but we did WAY more living for the next big move. The Move.
The Welsh economy faces many challenges. However, it also has a number of strengths. Among these are a committed, loyal, and in places, highly skilled workforce which has demonstrated its willingness to adapt to changing and difficult circumstances. Wales also has a number of internationally recognised and successful companies in areas such as aerospace, life sciences, the steel industry and the automotive industry. The governments in London and Cardiff must continue to nurture these relationships and use them to attract other investors by demonstrating that Wales is an attractive place to invest. Wales should consider London a primary source of inward investors who already recognise the benefits of investing in the UK and may prefer Wales as a more cost effective and pleasant place to relocate.
The "Dreams" chipboard were made from an old stash I had that were yellow. I painted them brown, then stamped them with a swirl stamp in black ink to give the swirl effect on them, and lastly I used a crystal stickles to make them shimmer. I used the same technique on the chipboard below the picture, but without the ink swirl effect.
You give us rebirth after the quiet, dark days of winter. You have blessed me with a renewed energy that I thank you for.
we've had this Winter
India just launched what the media called its "first intercontinental ballistic missile." India did indeed launch a new, 5,000 km-ranged Agni-V missile that can deliver a nuclear warhead to Beijing and Shanghai. Previously, India’s 3,500-km Agni-III did not have the range to hit China’s major coastal cities. But Agni-V is not an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), as wrongly reported. Nor was the missile North Korea launched on 15 April that fell apart soon after liftoff. Some media wrongly claimed it was an ICBM that could hit the United States. One longs for the days when media employed real war correspondents who understood military affairs. …..
Yet, in the meantime I am just going to enjoy these reflections with a nice cup of hot mineral-rich tea.
7. Do a 30 day wardrobe challenge: I couldn't even do those photo a day challenges for one month, much less a wardrobe challenge. Whoops!
You poke and stir.
Is Bahrain United?
Historians believe St. Patrick’s real name was "Maewyn Succat.
Denham: In which country would you spend shekels?
As you can tell, this is to be a well researched historical/romantic novel.
All that excitement made me hungry. Oh, look! Another worm just floating in the water. Surely lightening wouldn’t strike twice in one day…..
So this week we have been helping out front of house with the local production of Guys and Dolls, which is fab! We are normally in these shows but we had a break this year. However, show week has been just as busy for us with that and other things. And when we haven't been there, we have been watching other shows!
See, now THAT’S the sort of respect you get when you own and drive a BMW!
In the second half of the book, she started to pull it all together and talk more about health and emotions. Basically, through her research she has developed a holistic body-mind outlook: emotions are in the body and not just the mind; the mind can influence the body, and the body can influence the mind (a two-way communication); all systems tie together (immune, endocrine, nervous, etc.) and communicate with each other. I think most of these ideas would not be surprising to anyone these days. The book was written over a decade ago, so it was probably a more revolutionary message back then. But it was still interesting to read about the actual science behind it. At the very end, she tied spirituality into it too, another subject that fascinates me, so the book ended up containing almost every topic I adore: science, history, personal narrative, sexism / feminism, psychology, health, and religion / spirituality.
VG: Many of the pieces of work are flash fiction. What is your definition of flash fiction, and what might be some good tips for writers who are new to it as a form?
Next month is the Travelblog Exchange (TBEX), a conference for travel bloggers. I had dearly wanted there to be some kind of reality check discussion, not because I want to depress hopeful writers, but because I wanted to blow away some of that fiction around what it really means to be a travel writer by profession. X1, who writes for a prestigious publication and travels a lot has told me, “Yeah, it’s great. I love the work. But I’m poor. I live in a tiny apartment.” X2 admitted to winning big in the technology lottery and living off those funds. X3 has a full time day job and a spouse with a full time day job. X4 admits to churning out fluffy, uninteresting stories for custom publication markets.
Sobe - Ice Castle (applied to inner V with MAC 228 by patting)
I was hoping to get in my review of this book before today, but it didn't happen. I just want to say that I LOVED it. I really didn't think I would be able to read a science fiction book, but I was wrong. This one had me laughing out loud, and there is an underwater scene that had me cringing...this book was just a lot of fun!! Please help me welcome G.J. Koch, who also writes under the name Gini Koch back to a Buckeye Girl Reads. I had to include her in my birthday bash because her Katherine "Kitty" Katt series is one of my all time favorite series. That being said, Nap comes awful close to beating Martini in the book boyfriend club and I didn't think that could happen!! Gini is here to tell us about Alexander Outland: Space Pirate and she is giving away one paper version of the book & one version of the ebook.
What a beautiful message!! I have always been a firm believer that everything that happens in our life-the good, the bad and the ugly- are part of God's plans for us and all help to shape us into the people we are meant to be, and I think that's just what the Redeemed message is all about- the patchwork of memories. Other verses in the collection share this sentiment as well, "He has made everything beautiful in its time."-Ecclesiastes 3:11 and , "From the fullness of His grace we have received one blessings after another."- John 1:16. Of course, the products reflect this message perfectly as well with their patchwork styles and the vintage feel. Perhaps it is my love of quilts and all things vintage that attracted me to this collection!!
They are a wealth of talent, creativity and blessings that they are no longer aware of.
I don't typically go for the super cutesy girly patterns with frills and all kinds of fabric combinations, but the truth is, I can't really stick to one style either. And, I just had to make something with this butterfly print from Sandi Henderson's latest fabric collection, Meadow Sweet, I decided to try the Frida Modkid pattern by Patty Young for a nice summery play shirt.
As all of you know, I have plenty of qualms about the military, but this just sounds like the solution to bridging the gap between the civilian and military populations. I don’t have an idea of how we can implement something like this today, but I think we should all read this book and think about what kind of country we’re shaping for the future.
Setting: My two sons, chatting happily much too early in the morning for my liking. I come in and tell them to be quiet, once. Brief silence. Then, they begin the chatting again. I come in a second time:
So far Samsung says that the artists they have approached have been very receptive to this technology because the displays are able to capture and recreate the artist’s vision so well.
Then James did his part and got the laptop to work on the tv and we watched my Dad's favorite movie "High Road to China". It was so much fun. And a very special way to celebrate this amazing land we live in! We made lots of special memories. It was a day I will never forget!
Have you actually listened to their response?
I do not use it at night as it has not been needed. He nurses to get to sleep and then sleeps until he is hungry again. When we first brought him home I tried sticking it in his mouth while he was in the crib, but as I mentioned, he would just spit it out so I would have to get up and put it back in anyway. I do love the ease of finding it due to it being attached to a stuffed animal. Even today, I was able to quickly grab it out of the diaper bag because I knew to look for the giraffe.
The colours are so summery and during our Aussie Summer I actually made a card using the same combo -
I can't say if this personality quirk is positive or negative -- or, more probably neutral -- but it exists and it exists wholly apart from intelligence. Is it a lack of conviction? A lack of persuasiveness? A "peace at any price" mentality? A generous spirit? I can't figure it out. But it would seem to be an evolutionary disadvantage to be unable to persuade others to your viewpoint on important issues ... just sayin'.
And God Bless my husband for always trying to get me a sweet card or some flowers or something. And I love him for that, I truly do. But I think I’d much rather keep my money and let Hallmark have all the 1st loves, and the 1st Valentine’s Day and such.
Having nightmares lately? Here are 6 reasons for having bad dreams at night. Luckily 4 out of 6 are caused by what we put into our body. Simply eliminate them and you can enjoy sweet dreams through the night.
2 mix
02. Yesterday's Rain - 5:01
In between the track rod and lower wishbone is one of the two tethers to hold the wheel on in an accident; there appear to be plastic clips to hold the tether in place between the two parts.
I start with Earth. If you are using candles, light them as you call each Element.
Grew up in a town that is famous as the place of movie scenes
If you’re willing to help, we’d love you to do things:
A gate overgrown with greenery is the first clue that diners are about to enter a secret garden. Justin explained that he wanted to create a deliberate escape for harassed and harangued city workers.
6. I Live In Florida
We got to the 21-Mile House and camped under the old oak trees. We had camped there before, once in ‘61, and again in ‘62. The spot seemed familiar and awoke pleasing memories, and that night, on the ground under the trees, sweeter sleep came than had for many a long night before...
1. Jackie Smith-Wood (1983) – She gave a delightful and complex performance as Mary Crawford. I practically found myself wishing that “MANSFIELD PARK” had been a completely different story, with her as the heroine. Oh well. We cannot have everything.
Step 3: Lay outside to dry.
Dissect 1 thing rather than all 12 aspects
Cool Gadgets Shopper – Which MP4 Player Do I Need?
In the meantime, Imelda and her children are gaining political strength and getting richer everyday.
Photos by Miki Barlok
Talk about living in a bubble.
Just to wrap up. When you are feeling blue or red maybe you need a friend or maybe you need to bake or maybe you need to bake for a friend. But I can tell you this for sure - all of the above work way better than that angsty wallowing I used to opt for!
In this test too, Windows 7 seemed to put up a better show. While the graphics performance of both Windows 7 and Windows 8 was somewhat the same, the latter proved to use more battery power. No matter how impressive the UI of and OS is, what users ultimately seek for is enhanced performance and battery life. As such, would the new OS be able to cater to the needs of users who spend long hours on their PCs is a question that remains unanswered.
So far, my plan is to be a stay-at-home mother, so I’m hoping to avoid a lot of the hassle by not working. I don’t especially want to give up my citizenship because I like having options and I feel like it is important to have a choice of countries to live in. You never know what the economic or political future of any one place might turn out to be and I want to be able to leave a place for greener pastures if need be.
Mark Meadows (REP) 35.69% 4,169
So what do you think?.
Return to Exile was a complicated, hypnotizing book that could not have been more creative. E.J. Patten has obviously spent time and effort on the book. At night, I often role-played in my mind how the rest of the book would turn out, later finding out the next part was so much more mysterious and exciting.
If war was outlawed, which in the truth of Jah Almighty it is, there would be no crime. There would be no atrocities, no theft, no empire, no demand for more, no false growth, no need to be larger than we are for we are merely animals in costumes playing games with evil since civilian direction comes not from higher authority in these matters, but from the cesspools of conflict, consumption and selfishness.
It was strange the first time – I remember hating having to do radio interviews as the interviewee before I got into radio!! Getting in front of a mic the first time – even though there was no one in front of me made me so nervous!! I think DJing in front of a crowd is easier than radio, there’s a lot less pressure because no talking is involved. People really hear what you’re saying on the radio – and if your not confident it shows in your voice. I love it now though, once I got into it and relaxed it was great, I speak to the listeners like they’re my mates and like they’re in the room, you’ve got to remember you’re talking to real people!
So much going on.
I wish that all babies were born healthy, without incident, in the miraculous way they were designed to be brought into this world. I wish that no one had to experience bad luck when it comes to their child. But most of all, for those that choose to deliver at home, I really really hope that you DON'T get unlucky. My heart breaks at the thought of it.
Also, the film draaaaaaags in the middle.
Soft White Roll: 20 minutes active time, 2 hours passive time
“It is true that a regular, heterosexual man is not going to commit an offense against every woman he finds attractive; however, most women are capable of recognizing when an interaction is starting to go south. Most children are not. So although there is every reason to believe that there exist cats that can successfully be in charge of the canary, it’s not a good idea for the cat to be the one making that call.”
My daughter lives close to the River Annan, and I love to go for a walk alongside it and watch the wildlife, especially on a beautiful spring evening such as yesterday's was.
I slept very well being in a bed for a change. I feel like I can sleep for days when I have this type of privacy and am laying down flat. But the best part is being braless. It may sound strange, but it really is. Try wearing a bra 24 hours a day for just a week and you will see what I mean.
In fact if one actually reads the Gospels themselves, in the light of the Church's tradition, rather than in the form of distorted modern repackaging, one can find numerous injunctions to follow the law.
I lead a pretty stress free life, most of the time.
**FRONT** with WS facing
enjoy with a chutney or even on its own. they are amazingly delicious — and that's coming from a confessed sweet potato hater! :)
Thank you very much. (end)
2. Design processes and rewards to support that culture. If you’re trying to create a culture of high quality but the pay scale is based on volume, you will have a culture of volume – always. If you want a culture of simple, fast customer service but the processes are onerous, cumbersome, and unfathomable, you will continue to have a culture of complex and cumbersome customer service. If culture is the default way of acting, then the default way of acting IS the culture. Words won’t change it, only action. Different action = different culture. Same action = same culture.
So watch SFAS tonight at 10pm on HGTV. please please please.
by Mike Ratliff
Good Times‘ writers and editors also get to have a little fun with a Critics’ Picks section, where we highlight our self-chosen “bests” and “worsts” of the year. Here are a few of mine from the issue:
­In spite of protest from the Obama administration that CISPA encroaches on the civil liberties of Americans, the House of Representatives is marching ahead with the legislation. It met on Thursday to discuss the controversial act ahead of Friday’s decision.
Salt, white pepper, broth powder to taste
Normally I have my taxes done at this time, so I’m beginning to feel antsy. I do them by hand with pen on paper forms because I think it’s un-American to have to pay someone for the privilege of paying my taxes. I’ll consider the free fillable forms if they’re easy. But even though I’ve tackled Schedule C with previous businesses, it’s been a while and I had a whole set of questions.
Once you’re in a photo page, you can tap the Edit button at top-right for a slew of options. Along the bottom left, icons access crop and straighten, exposure, color, brushes, and effects. In the middle are your Auto-Enhance (which worked fairly well for me except on difficult exposures), Rotate 90 degrees, Flag, Favorite, and an X for Hide. I would have preferred to see more than one auto option, however, with different options separated out for brightness, color, and so on.
Post number three for today... For this card, I was inspired by this week's challenge over at The Play Date Cafe - PDCC114. The challenge is to use the color combo Burgundy, Gold and Plum. I would have never thought to combine these colors but I think they work awesome together! Here is the inspiration The Play Date Cafe provided:
… which is why I enjoyed the episodes B-story a million times more. I wasn’t that avid of a viewer when Justice League first aired, so I could be completely off point, but I don’t recall any point in the show that really went over the transition from the League being a small group of hand-picked people to how it stood by the start of Justice League: Unlimited. The joke about the Green Lanterns not wanting a third Lantern on the team, Zatara’s personality poking out of Dr. Fate, the intentionally awkward debate about keeping Captain Marvel… each bit of dialogue was interesting and kept me entertained, which was more than I could say about Superboy’s story. That’s not to say that Superboy’s story was a snore-fest; it’s just that it’s hard to be entertained when the story focuses on a character I personally don’t like all that much. Especially when that character’s into kinky role-playing with a certain shape-shifting alien.
I feel so guilty, then my pride will die
If you signed up for the webinar but have problems logging in, please call in to the conference call number above and download the slideshow. This will ensure that there is no delay to your participation in the webinar.
For this project I used Distress inks in Walnut, tea stain, and worn lipstick, paper, Kraft cardstock, coredinations black magic cardstock, sepia accents, glitter, glitter card, x-cut punch and My Minds Eye paper.
I took my son to the hospital today to have his thyroid scanned for any cancerous nodules. On Wednesday he was given a dose of radioactive iodine and today he was scanned to see what would show up.
- Copy and paste a paper of your choice.
Air NZ investors not buying cuddle class hype
“No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by long-suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned;
Maria - 66
Rick Nash would finish the night with two goals. Marc Staal was the lone Ranger scorer with a goal on a Ranger power play.
While I’d been busy with work, marriage and starting a family, entire libraries had been digitized. Most of the newspapers I’d once consulted on microfiche, page after eye-watering page, had been scanned and uploaded to websites. Gigantic swaths of the National Archives were available for online consultation. Even the gloomy and officious Public Record Office, the bane of many a researcher, had slowly begun to digitize its collection.
I am considering Catch 22 or Catcher in The Rye, I never read those in High School, because they were never assigned.
The challenge? Using "Bunny Parade" (or any other Hambo image), make an EASEL CARD using the spring colors of lavender, yellow, pink, green and blue! Choose at least THREE of those colors for your card. (Bonus points if you use all five!) If you're new to making easel cards, HERE is an easy-to-follow tutorial by Beate Johns. Any variation of an easel card is fine, as long as it meets the basic easel rule -- it should prop itself up. :)
Karianne could have chosen any room in her house to share- no joke! Each is more fabulous than the last. Basically, she could be our feature each week for like the next two months as we check out her home room by room! It's that great. Not to mention her writing skills put me to shame! She's got a great sense of humor and I think her posts have a poetic feel to them.
Now imagine, as I open the door to that room, the stench that overpowers me.
Prospects love to throw curve balls at salespeople to put them under pressure. During the time the salesperson is “talking to himself” instead of what he should be doing is to give his complete 100% attention to the prospect and why he is saying such things, the salesperson loses all objectivity and at that moment loses complete control of the sales process and most likely won’t regain it. The funny thing is that during the time a salesperson is emotionally involved and directed inward, the prospect usually is telling them why they said what they said but the salesperson never hears it.
For those unaware of Amanda’s latest musical endeavour, she and collaborator Jason Webley have released an album under the moniker Evelyn Evelyn, who were represented as a pair of conjoined twins, rescued from the socially awkward lives of circus performance and child exploitation and pornography (no, really; that was a very key part of the backstory, including heroic Amanda and Jason saving the day by helping ‘the twins’ seek legal action). Now, anyone with half a clue can figure out pretty quickly that the twins do not exist, just as surely as Chris Gaines is Garth Brooks, or that the bands Prozzak and The Gorillaz are not really walking/talking/singing cartoons.
Another woman asked me if I’d like to speak, or if I’d mind if she went first. She had some bible versus she wanted to relay to the group, and I decided she should go first. It was very poignant, what she had to say. It almost tied in with my theme on fitness, because she spoke about the care and proper feeding of your soul, and I was going to speak on the proper care and feeding of your body, which houses the soul. Her words were tender, and comforting.
Yet… the GOOD NEWS is that the Cooqi mission will live on!
In a small bowl, mix remaining Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs. Toss to combine. Pour over pasta with cheese sauce. Bake until bubbly and the top is golden brown – about 20 to 25 minutes.
The accident of plate tectonics that opened oceanic barriers between the Old and New Worlds had an impact on disease that wasn’t clearly understood until quite recently. Most of the world’s serious human pathogens came to our species from domestic livestock, and nearly all of that happened in the Old World, because Eurasia happened to have many more species suitable for domestication than the New World did. One at a time, over the tens of millennia between the closing of the Bering land bridge and the voyages of Columbus, pathogens found their way from animal vectors into the human population, epidemics swept the Old World, and the survivors gradually picked up a certain level of resistance. Those pathogens didn’t cross the ocean to the New World until the first European ships began to arrive, but when they did, they hit the native people of the Americas all at once. Within a century of 1492, as a result, native populations collapsed to 10% or less of their precontact levels.
With that in mind, I thought of a certain ad I think is pretty brilliant. There is a story, but the point is that there is only ONE message. Do you know the new Cadbury’s ad? It’s an animation and starts off with three vans, all obviously containing hundreds of bars of delicious milk chocolate. Somewhere within the three, there’s a golden ticket. The camera zooms out slowly while the three vans criss-cross one another’s paths. We don’t know why, but watch to see what is actually happening. Then, it zooms out again. There’s more, and more and finally hundreds of these vans all travelling in threes. “Somewhere out there, in that truck full of deliciousness, there’s a lucky Golden Ticket that might find it’s way to me.”
Generations before you
Authorized Accounts Management Agent
Every now and again we have a great day when we have nothing planned. At some point soon after they wake up, my children usually ask, what are we going to do today? This morning I answered we have nothing planned. On coming downstairs for breakfast I realised that we had a parcel to pick up from the post office. The weather was not looking good at that point so did not make a plan in my head of when to pick it up, but we had to by 12pm or it would have to wait till Monday.
Perhaps in order to write, especially edgy fiction, you need to have experienced being on the edge of things yourself. Being an outsider – perhaps being bullied.
3. Add snowflakes and rhinestones as you wish and embellish with ribbons and bling as you would like.
116 That error on the part of the Cancellation Division was in no way rectified by the Board of Appeal. ... the Board of Appeal ... merely repeated the features attributed to the earlier mark by the Cancellation Division, without giving any indication that the Cancellation Division had referred, incorrectly, to a three-dimensional mark rather than to the earlier mark, or that those same features were also present in the earlier mark.
What your employer must do
Then to stay in The Ladder where the locals are listless and eyeless zombies drivelling one too many Grandma Weapon Grade and Old Rosie and where DJ’s play lotus spread and aren’t eclectic at all. While I poisoned am by Shish Kebab where all they care about is who is walking passed in town, and not on the customer who is too much trouble not to poison.
That is so typical :-)
Jason in his Kings uniform.
Suffering was not just a consequence of the Master's obedience and mission. It was the central strategy of his mission. It was the ground of his accomplishment. Jesus calls us to join him on the Calvary road, to take up our cross, and to hate our lives in this world, and fall into the ground like a seed and die, that others might live. We are not above our Master. To be sure, our suffering does not atone for anyone's sins, but it is a deeper way of doing missions than we often realize.
- I have no right to self-expression
“Throughout Proton’s almost 3 decades of operation, humans have called the shots,” Khamil continued. “And as the company enters a crucial chapter, where the stakes are higher and global competition is getting stiff, we cannot afford to risk human error. Inspira here will be able to make logical, objective and heartless decisions that would benefit the company and the cars it produces, free from emotions or political pressure,” said Khamil, as the new CEO scanned the faces of all the journalists in the conference hall, the supercomputer under the hood buzzing menacingly. “This is a car business, and it’s best to leave the hard decisions to those in the business.”
In other news this week: 1. Tonight I made myself a delicious dinner of udon noodles, spring greens, seaweed, in a miso and soy soup. scoff scoff. 2. My friend Joe has been asking people whether they have extention leads so that he can sit next to a reoccuring cute girl in the library and still be able to plug his laptop into a socket. See! The romantic potential of the library!
The embossing kit is now available for order on the right side of my blog. They are in stock and shipping now! The embossing kit is $35, price includes shipping!
Loosely based on the Jane Austen novel Persuasion, A HUNDRED LITTLE PATHS has some similarities with the classic tale of redemption and second chances. And yet, there are elements that will surprise you as Avery and Finley struggle to find love and forgiveness, even if it means disappointing the ones they care about the most.
of the then expensive and rather exclusive Fairlight.
We have known them for over eight years and it feels like family
Te Vigos Cosilim.
So she and the Thermographer (my own horse therapist) have taken symposiums together through the vetting world, on hooves and correct trimming for horse's leg and overall hoof health. They are in this together...to find the healthy answers and a conclusion on the E.W. shoes. I am excited to be able to supply them with my TB mare example for the study.
I love tractors....but I am a city (well actually a sub-urban girl)...so kinda useless to me.
And I have two favourite girls. They’re both awesome in different ways, both are my favourite character personalities. A pretty pervy lady, who likes touching her friends inappropriately, and an eccentric quiet girl, who is very forward to people, also, she’s a bit odd. Nobara and Karuta, respectively.
In the world of adult books, sequels and prequels to the classics from Jane Austen to Daphne du Maurier have always been popular. (I blame Jean Rhys myself and the wildly overrated Wide Sargasso Sea, which opened the floodgates). Recently even Sebastian Faulks has produced a "James Bond."
I could buy these…
Many pupils come to us and say they know their tables, either all or their 3′s or 8′s etc. The majority of pupils who believed they knew their tables either had to receit in order to get there, or were having to work them out (counting on mostly)
Welcome to hell.
Simple & Delicious.
ED OG – Rise and Shine
Her clothes are placed in order of colors and in sets so she doesn’t have to think twice; to save the trouble most are white, anything and everything goes with one another.
5. There is an amazing thing that happens when you push just beyond what you think you can accomplish.
about 2-3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1. Hungry Freaks, Daddy (03:30)
Against Zerg ground-based anti-air, however, you would be at a loss. You’ll probably need a ground-based army as well. I haven’t really tested the strength of a Mothership + Carriers + Void Rays + Phoenix army against a Zerg defense force of Mutalisk + Corruptors + Hydralisk, but it seems that mass Hydralisk will nevertheless win.
Mark explained about the importance of setting an anchor for the rope, which in climberspeak is 'Bombproof.' I don't think we always understood that in my students days particularly as I was dropped once almost fifteen feet onto my back because the anchorman hadn't heard of Bombproof.
Someone asked me for the exact colors I used for my son's quilt. Actual colors are listed along with (alternatives). All were purchased from JoAnn's.
When asked if he felt that there might be a large percentage of the members who did not vote that would have supported remaining in PC(USA), Anderson stated that he had “no indication that this was the case.”
Sadie once bolted across a busy street, yanking her leash right out of my hand. I looked around for a cat, dog, squirrel, small child with candy. Nothing. I catch her eating half a left over Mc Donald’s cheeseburger and some cold, stale french fries. Sadie has sampled fast food from just about every chain store on the West Coast this way. Taco Bell, Jack in the Box, In and Out, and many more.
Wholly Guacamole Salsa or Queso $2.00/1 - expires 3/31/2011
On Sunday, I blogged on Awfully Big Blog Adventure about how proposed changes to ALCS threaten to cut the income of writers to such an extent that some will stop writing books for use in schools. You need to read that post before this one, as it was some of the comments, particularly from catdownunder, that prompted this continuation. (ALCS is the Authors' Licensing and Collecting Society; it distributes to writers the money collected by the Copyright Licensing Agency.)
1 contemporary adult romance
And Glory of the LORD
If you'd like to support my walk this year I'd love it. But please know there is NO PRESSURE. My fundraising page is here if you "feel so moved."
I’ll say no more—I have to face
Another One Bites the Dust
Next time you have a clogged up sink skip the toxic chemicals and reach for The Drain Claw instead.
Bob McCarthy who is involved in this, is a prominent supporter of Obama.
A few years ago I got the travel bug and since then I’ve been getting out an traveling as much as possible. I have met great people, visited amazing places and learned more about myself. When I travel I like to experience the culture of the place I visit and get involved in it. Just before leaving Lima, I was able to write some travel articles and combined my 2 biggest passions: traveling & writing. Now that I am in Australia, I’ll do my best to travel around when possible and discover this huge country.
I needed to be where I wasn't being questioned or where I felt like I had to censor myself, which I found I was doing constantly here. Basically I was 'being someone' in this blog, when really I wanted to find out who I was/am. It was all counter-productive.
Pita Bread
The amazing thing about IKEA is just how successful it is by one rule: Keep It Simple. Simple furniture in simple boxes for fair prices. Even the construction of the book shelves and drawers I've put together was extremely simple!
I love (as usual) what each of the designers have created this week:
Our passions pray but to primitive totems
The NDAA/AUMF resolution we advocate is explicitly and specifically endorsed by the Maryland ACLU, Defending Dissent Foundation, South Asian Americans Leading Together, and the Bill of Rights Defense Committee; you can learn more about the issues and the resolution here.
Q And can you say, as the clock ticks down, whether or not the administration is –
Better still, last night they had two brilliant Dunham Massey ales on, including one of my favourites. I had a pint of the Dunham Dark and WF a half of the the same. The beer is even better on draught than I expected, bearing in mind its excellence in bottle conditioned form. Also, they had on the 7.5% Dunham Gold, which I tried a half of - this was a little more rounded than in bottle and all the more enjoyable for it.
mud between your toes,
I thought Amber was making a joke when she said Maureen has won the award for Most Interesting User to Follow on Twitter, but, no! Mashable, the largest independant web-site that covers social media, DID indeed choose her as just that in 2009. Maureen was super funny & had great banter with John & Pamela; she has written several YA books & I am now interested to check out her Suite Scarlett as well as its sequels; it focuses on a teenager in NYC amidst all the theatre drama of the city.
Remember The Top Ten TV Shows Blogfest?
Once a newborn grows from infancy and into toddlerhood--meaning fully mobile without an off button--even catching a break to go to the bathroom is tough to get. So I learned to cherish my son's naps. It gave me the opportunity to catch up on housework, talk on the phone, or actually take a shower.
Welcome to the world of sidechain compression.
- If you look at me and I’m looking at you, then I look down all shy and coyly, I’m asking for your attention.
Presentable
Shahrizat was called in for questioning by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) last month over allegations she and her family abused a RM250 million federal loan meant for the national cattle farming scheme but has not been hauled up to court.
For the next six months I learned all the secret ways into buildings and saw the City I love from a different perspective. I was an urban tourist exploring biker bars, union rallies, and living among the immortal class. It made me appreciate San Francisco all the more.
This happens quite a lot in Ukraine, mainly because nothing turns out the way it was supposed to. I have learned to live with and love this fact of Ukrainian life because never know what each day will bring. My lessons at school have been scattered and random because there isn't a finalized schedule yet, so much of my day is spent researching projects, chatting with teachers on their breaks, and starting/finishing a few books. Yesterday, I went home to do laundry and about 5 minutes later heard a knock at the door.
Some of you may know that I've been painting my living room and dining room. I've spent so much time at Menards, I think the clerks all know my name. I had a frenzied moment on my last trip there, because I wandered past the Christmas gift wrap and gasped when I saw my FAVORITE red polka dot (ala Daisy D's) paper there! And on sale for $1.39 a roll! OMG! 4 rolls later, I have enough wrap to polka dot everyone's birthday, Christmas, Mothers Day, Anniversary, Wedding, (you get the picture) gifts. I might just wrap my couch in it too, if I have time.
Compared to the elegant Edward Johnston signs that came to the Underground in the interwar period, this sign is no masterpiece of elegance. The tall condensed letters are slightly eccentric. The way the strokes of the S and G are cut off diagonally and the slight variations in stroke width in the R save them from being too heavy and blocky – or make them look odd, according to your taste. And the pointing finger, which has acres of white space on either side of it, has none at all below. It’s very much the standard signage of its time, in other words. The kind of thing one would see regularly on notices telling one to keep off the grass, or providing a hint of the day’s headlines. But the result is legible, and serviceable.
Jeans- Burnout Leopard Jeans – Crash Republic
In German cuisine, there is the dampfnudel or dumpfnudel. I wondered if we would actually find a real dumpfnudel at a restaurant or café while we were in Germany.
Benji uses the headlock to roll up on top and get back to his feet. Nice technique!
If you are not in a relationship, ask yourself, what needs do I value and how would I like them met? Equally, if I was to attract the ideal person who could meet my needs on a deep and meaningful level, what values would I have to live by to attract them? Who do I have to be in order to have the right person meet those needs for me? Getting clarity in this area is the first step to attracting the right person to a mutual and passionate relationship, of any form.
selecting a first population of patents having a first quality or characteristic;
“Intrigue and suspense come together in an incredible story of love and betrayal, commitment and courage, power and danger . . . and a God who controls it all. Sue Duffy is a wonderfully gifted writer and this book is a must-read.” —Steve Brown, founder and president of Key Life and host of Steve Brown Etc.
Waste not: Just trying to keep a good routine of tidying the house. Once spring comes it seems that the inside of the house gets neglected.
I read books a lot. I watch detective-DVDs while doing my textile crafts.
A public screening of Cannibal Holocaust will be held at 7pm in Science Lab Auditorium 120 (between Pasteur and Stark Halls) on the Winona State University campus. Admission is free but no one under 18 will be permitted to see the film. A panel discussion will follow the screening. Find out more about the film and the screening here.
Never be afraid to jump into love..the pearl is worth the dive.
In Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, seventeen year-old Jenna Burns was beaten unconscious in a senseless random attack. Three young men set upon the trainee hairdresser as she walked home, knocked her to the ground with a single punch and as she lay unconscious battered her with kicks to her face and body, leaving her with a broken nose and two chipped teeth.
There are the well past menopausal woman in their late fifties and sixties giving birth to children they will mostly likely not be able to see get married or even graduate from high school. Children they know will grow up caring for them. Having the child for your daughter who is unable to conceive is one thing – having a child because it can be done is another.
If AIB goes bust the first losers will be its shareholders, whose shares will become even more worthless. That includes the Irish Capitalist State. It also includes many Financial Institutions, including other banks around the globe. They will find that not only their shares in AIB are worthless, but any loans they have made to it, and Bonds bought in it will also become worthless. These are first round consequences. The other people immediately affected would be AIB's workers. Since 2007, States, and Ireland was the first to introduce it, have given protection for savers deposits in Banks up to varying limits – Ireland introduced full protection. Any saver with more money than that, given the experience of the last two years, is likely to have been savvy enough to have divided their savings up across various banks to make sure it was all covered. So, part of the argument I raised back in 2007 no longer applies.
pushing aside thoughts of Hana and my old school,
Friday, March 5, 2010 8:00 PM
Acer has stripped out the camera, as well as other features such as HDMI connectivity, to keep the costs down.
And she just might make you publishable.
I ended up having an early night Wednesday after taking some of the women from Wujal Wujal back to the community after the softball.
Mama and my step dad stood in the middle on the right side of the pier, my two brothers on each side of them and me on the left side of the pier, towards the of the railing.
The calculation of damages using the licence analogy method has become somewhat unfashionable in Germany as the calculation of damages using the infringer’s profit is usually considered to give more favourable results for the patentee. This holds in particular since the possibilities of the infringer to deduce overhead costs have been limited strongly by the Federal Supreme Court (BGH) in the decision “Gemeinkostenanteil”.
Well I've got a gramma that will make yours start pushing her LifeAlert like the anti-christ has just poked his horned head out of her vajay-jay.
The morning after the push to get off-board was ghastly and put me in a foul mood. The fathers now awake, refused to budge in the aisles, and the mothers clutched their possessions and stared. I couldn't find my youngest, our kids were all still asleep on the floor after hours of talking into the night. Adult legs hemmed them off and we were not even docked yet. It became slightly frightening. I don't like crowds or small spaces.
When we visit a new city we like to tour the city. Sometimes
dated Feb 23, 2011.
I watch them as they leave, his arm guiding her protectively.
21:00 – 23:00 The Angels’ Share
Revelation – from Orlando, FL
What is the difference? Blood sugar. When our blood sugar gets low for long periods of time our body starts eating stores. Then when we eat again our body replaces the stores and then adds to them for when our blood sugar is low again.
All the above photos were taken with my mobile phone in case you are wondering about the funny format.
I knew the route up to and just past Paisley. Nice and flat along the cycle path. It took me about 5 miles to really get into it though. I was saying my new phrase to myself… ‘Easy, Light, Strong’ and it seemed to be working. I’d done 10k in about 50 minutes. Nice and steady.
Friends talk to each other, confide in each other, listen to each other. Friends like spending time together. Friends appreciate each other. Friends trust each other. If having all of this with my children is wrong, then I don't want to be right.
Once your colors are mixed, add water a teaspoon at a time to thin it for flooding. Stir the water in with a rubber spatula, rather than beating it. Hold your rubber spatula over the bowl and let some icing fall back into the bowl. The ribbon of icing should disappear into the rest of the icing in about 2-3 seconds, counting "one-one thousand, two-one thousand."
So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love. I Corinthians 13:13 esv
Right now, he has been asleep for 2 hours in his car seat. After some unsuccessful nap attempts, Ben took him on a 2 minute drive and brought him inside to our room where he has remained asleep despite the chaos of his brothers.
Tests to measure slip resistance were developed primarily for man-made materials, with the earliest from the 1940s, when Sidney James conducted experiments to rate floor polishes and other floor maintenance chemicals. From these experiments
The Universe is pouring its abundance out to you. Be open to receiving. Asking for help is a sign of strength, not weakness. You are very powerful, and I am here to support your growing power. It’s right for you to receive this help, as we function as a team. I’ve heard your prayers, worries, and affirmations. I’m pouring my cornucopia of prosperity upon you now, so expect unforeseen windfalls and gifts. Notice the new ideas, feelings, and visions within you. This guidance gives you clear direction about actions to take in conjunction with my assistance. Together, we’re unstoppable!
Sparkly leaf garland
“Chicago,” I answered.
The bra stuffing thing was the first clue for me. It’s so cliche that saying it’s cliche just doesn’t say it loud enough. The whole time, I couldn’t see it was clearly jealousy. Yes, I had a nice, full bra in the 8th grade. Is that a reason to hate someone? Yes, I talked to boys at a different school district. Is that a reason to humiliate me? Nothing about me or my character warranted any of it.
Now as the post title indicates, I'm referring to this as the "Ultimate" Table Beer (MB0028). What makes it so ultimate? Well, for starters, primary fermentation used a Belgian Saison Yeast. After four days in primary and a specific gravity of 1.020, I racked the beer to secondary. I added to the carboy Brettanomyces bruxellensis. This will continue to ferment for the next 6 months, adding some funky flavors to the beer.
6 Prologue A Life On Its Way 5:30
Our class on the History of Italian Higher Education was put on by a younger female Italian professor and a male assistant professor. I really enjoyed their presentations and found myself appreciative of their easy to follow notes. They really did a great job, and I found myself having an easy time following along.
I'm Back...
Blueberry Muffins
The true mecca for St Peter's beers is, however, the brewery's own pub, The Jerusalem Tavern. Inside, oil lamps made from the beer bottles have been prepared for the anointed. But while the bottle may be a copy of a Philadelphia flask dating from around 1770, the building itself has been around since 1720. Old and well-used she may be, the pub still attracts a crowd of office workers every weekday. The building is almost a century and a half older than the nearby meat halls of Smithfield, on which site livestock has been traded for more than 800 years. Outside the market hours (4 am- 12 noon) there is precious little evidence of this activity except for the huge halls-the Farringdon area is these days the home of trendy cafés and night clubs.
Going through some of the CD's I've collected over the past years made me ask questions, like, "I spent 13.99 on this? WTF?" But it also made me remember some of the music I've horribly neglected.
One of my favorite things to do is bake. I love to try new recipes which is just another reason why I love Pinterest so much since it gives me a great place to look for new goodies to bake.
11. Miles From Here
1) For a pendant this size (one inch in diameter or larger), I need much heavier gauge sheet, like maybe 16. I think 20 would be OK for charms. It just feels too flimsy.
I could also enlist the male friend who may or may not show up. I’d rather not bother. It seems I scare him when I ask him to something planned more than an hour in advance. I don’t feel like cussing him out for disrespecting my time or being inconsiderate. But on the rare occasions we do get together we have a blast.
I won’t hold your change as you buy your new grunge jeans.
It’s been coming for a while, but the time is now pretty much upon us. Last night, Michael told Kevin that it’s time for him to shave. I feel like crying just writing that! Yes, yes, I’ve watched that fuzzy shadow on his upper lip become more and more prominent, even zooming in on a recent photo of him in iPhoto to get a better look (because god knows he’s not actually going to let me get close enough to get that good a look in person), and great balls of fire! There are distinctive whiskers sprinkled up there! But still, he’s blond-ish and fair, and only 15, so I really thought shaving might still be a way off for him.
COMPARISON SHOPPING: The Royal Tenenbaums
Breakout Novel (Favorite Book by a Debut Author): Shatter Me by Taherah Mafi
To arrive at the hospital, and take his newborn daughter into strong, sweaty arms.....
We played a few other games that I had saved from teaching as well as reading together for 15 to 20 minutes daily. The best way to improve fluency is to read everyday for at least 20 minutes.
“The Germans will try again, given another chance!”
But beyond his illness, he is learning so MUCH. He is g-tube fed but he can eat, and when he WANTS to orally eat, boy, he can go to TOWN! We LOVE watching him eat food and munch and ASK for food. He may only eat as much as a 6 month old, but every spoonful and bite is just such a BLESSING. Some days he surprises us by eating FOUR chicken nuggets!!! Yep, that is our boy. And talking, well, that is definitely still a struggle for him. He has low tone and apraxia which causes him to have a very difficult time with his speech (and eating too). But he is working hard on it. He does have a communication device that he is using more and more to communicate with us. He amazes his teacher & therapist every time. We are so proud of him! He also knows so many SIGNS. Unfortunately, because of his low tone and lack of coordination, he has a harder time MAKING the signs. But he tries so hard and when WE make the signs, he knows what we are saying. In school, he is doing AMAZING and is progressing along very well. He is cognitively there and is so SMART! He loves to mess with the teachers and play with them. He loves to make them laugh!
SECOND AND FINAL CALL FOR PAPERS
You’ll notice that each of these is in a 3 week chunk. Research shows it takes most people about three weeks to create a new habit; and until something is a habit it takes up our precious self-control juices in the brain. Try to form too many new habits at once and you run out of habit-juice…and then you binge eat, burn out, and end up back on your couch feeling worse than you did when you started.
there were pizzas flying out left & right...
2. Don't blame yourself (even if every one around you is doing so) because if a talk works in one place in front of one audience and not in another, than how are you the problem?
3. Reciprocation: A common mistake businesses make is to think that because they have shared a message, someone should share theirs. Users generally only share messages that offer value to them or their audience, so make sure you are designing your content around what your customer’s want or need. Strong customer analysis can shape your marketing activities, especially with content creation and content strategies. I think you would agree that it would be a waste of time writing about the latest sporting news if you are trying to sell a management consultancy service. Thinking your potential customers would reciprocate this type of message is a mistake.
Of course, it is a bit of a leap from perceiving daily life as delusory to embracing an ancient cosmology that specifies a false god, a True God, a malevolent pantheon of Archons, and a hieros gamos (divine marriage) of Christ and Sophia. Unless one is in the market for a ready-made dramatic cast of spiritual entities to believe in, the Gnostic myths best serve as metaphors for one’s dilemma – and, in fact, that may have been the role they played for the early Gnostics, as well.
Here is a government that has targeted black employees, black communities and black businesses in the last 20 months and totally demoralised an ethnic community in a 107-day period, and the best come back is, Rowley racist?
After the Osirak attack and the destruction of the Syrian reactor in 2007, the Iraqi and Syrian nuclear programs were never fully resumed. This could be the outcome in Iran, too, if military action is followed by tough sanctions, stricter international inspections and an embargo on the sale of nuclear components to Tehran. Iran, like Iraq and Syria before it, will have to recognize that the precedent for military action has been set, and can be repeated. Others claim that an attack on the Iranian nuclear program would destabilize the region. But a nuclear Iran could lead to far worse: a regional nuclear arms race without a red phone to defuse an escalating crisis, Iranian aggression in the Persian Gulf, more confident Iranian
Here are some reasons I’ve compiled on why you shouldn’t text and drive.
My depth is limited. There's only so far I can go people. I cannot take a beautiful moment in my day and equate it to some profound truth in life. Or at least, I cannot express it eloquently in prose. I'm terrible with numbers. We are sworn enemies, me and numbers (or numbers and I). We've never gotten along. I thought words and I were BFFs but I'm not so sure anymore. When I read some of the beautiful (see? what an overused word), awe-inspiring (cliche alert), message-ridden (that sounds diseased) posts of yours, I want to cry. For two reasons. 1) I'm proud of y'all and sincerely joyful to read your works of art 2) I feel so unworthy and out of my league. To be sharing the blogosphere with some of you? I mean, seriously. Feel free to kick me out of this club anytime now. Membership expired.
Do you think that the internet has become such a fixture in societies life that we would not cope without it?
I managed to fit in a couple of cards today using my new digi stamps Inspire and Poppies.
Kindergarten teachers are complaining that students without any computer experience lag way behind students that began using computers in pre-school.
Coco hadn't fallen down, Lucien was just being a punk. So I was perplexed when I saw Alex frantically pushing his way back through people towards us. When he saw Coco marching happily without injury down the street, he turned and chased Lucien back to our apartment yelling, "LUCIEN GET BACK HERE THAT WASN'T FUNNY." Ahhh... peaceful family Sundays all together.
Not long after the irrational engine shut down after its initial use, Loup-garou's navigator knew there was a problem. The irrational physicists assigned to the ship scratched their heads and huddled together, exchanging phrases and concepts which sounded like gibberish to the rest of the crew. Days later, after an intense meeting with the tired, frustrated, and still irrational physicists, Tars Tarkas, experiencing an emotional kinship with the captain of the Terran sailing ship Flying Dutchman, reluctantly announced to the crew that the original mission parameters were no longer applicable and that they were in for a long haul.
Is it a boy or a girl?
This gets into the point about using a quilting design - I could probably copyright the photos and the names of these designs if I really wanted to, but I can't copyright the USE of the design itself.
458. Vietnamese Spring Rolls @ Penny’s Noodle Shop (Chicago, IL) 8:24 p.m.
We shot a scene in which Cornelis meets one of his wives, Bim. Yes, they even use the line "Sim Sala Bim." It was nice, though. Very touchy feelie with a decadent 70s party in the background.
Beta at 15 DPO: HCG=65 Progesterone=14.9
LAY
On the positive side of things, today the freshmen turned in their short original historical fiction pieces. Some pretty amazing pieces came in! Three of them were willing to read their writing to the class. Two really great short stories and one poem with rhyming that worked! I'm looking forward to reading the rest of them.
I can't remember if it was Steven Wright or Gallagher who posed the question, "Why does cargo go by boat, and shipment go by plane?" Regardless, I have a car, specifically a 1993 JEEP Grand Cherokee with broken overdrive clocking in at 257,000 miles, with five firkins of fine West Coast cask ale and three beer engines, along with all the other bits and pieces necessary to make it work such as rubber mallets, ice quilts and jackets. This is true and valuable cargo. Two of the casks are mine; the other three belong to the Eugene City Brewery (Rogue), Oakshire, and Block 15. I have spent the last month or so cultivating the myth that I will be taking their scrummy product to the 3rd Annual Firkin Fest at the Green Dragon in Portland, and that I can be trusted to treat them with the utmost care that they are due. Little do they know that I have a campsite out in the woods, a guitar, a stack of good books, a crate of Cheetos and a cooler full of frozen pizzas.
Is it really OK for me to have this simple life enough so that I can truly enjoy and cherish as many moments with my family while they are still so young and moldable? Can I have no other worries than the worries that are pressing in this season of our family's life...such as helping Kjerstin to stop sucking her thumb? Can I have the freedom to, without guilt, enjoy the fun stages each child is at and just eat them up and store them up?
With newspapers, you have a group of editors and readers, there are anywhere from 5-10 people who all are going in and reworking sentences and they are omitting needless words, making things more concise and sharp. In blogging, the blogger is both the writer and editor. We’re guilty all the time of not editing and just trying to get it up quickly. We just want to post it and get it up there. It’s so important to take the time to edit it. Have you ever said, “it’s a little wordy, but it’s good enough. No one will ever notice.” If you notice, someone else will!
Portable Power Generator Review – Eliminate Power Cut From Your Life
Iceland’s múm changed up their members and their sound this time around and while the vocals are a little more present, the minimalistic squeaks and blips that make their music so enduring remain. Perhaps not their best effort, but an intriguing departure from the ordinary.
all the while Omniscient sighs preside over terrific times,
Stavanger
Kristian Hewitt turned to me and frowned, “Well, I didn't vote for him.”
As you can see in the picture, we stack ours for those who want more than one.
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND? YOU CAN'T WIN! I WILL ALWAYS BE IRRITATED!! I'M IRRITABLE! IT'S PART OF MY CHARM!!!
No, the problem really isn't with the architects but with their clients. They are the ones who make the choice.
2) Hooking up with my lovely Hotep-friend Wendell from Trinidad. Of all the people with whom to cross paths I must say that he is one of the most positive and uplifting. And to think he is also hanging out in South Florida these days.
Oh, and for the record, even if you have a huge and slavish following as an author, shame on you if you play this "leave 'em hanging" game. Can't you keep your following without such gimmicks?
Our seedlings was in desperate need of re-potting, so I gave them huge pots that they will be able to stay in for the rest of the summer. We are growing red chili peppers and ghost peppers and there's also a basil plant that we bought from the supermarket.
I work in the living room, so I see all these shows, and I’ve ended up with a couple of favorite characters.
541.385.8606
By this time I was beginning to get slightly alarmed as Mr. Swartz face was red, his veins bulging, and I thought his head might actually explode.
What's your favorite dip?
If you are not so fortunate to win one of these lovely Fairwees... then know that they are available in store from January 6th!
It's been a couple of hours now and Ross is still at the intervention. Sometimes I think forcing our friend to get help, like, physically dragging him into a treatment center and all but strapping him down (Ross actually did that with him once) is the answer. He's staying with another friend right now, in an arrangement that's about to end. And then? We don't know. We remind ourselves not to be fatalistic, but we also say: "He could be homeless, he could die; these are his choices if he opts not to get help."
knowing that this is only the first small step
Postcards From a Dead Girl - His dead mother speaks to him from a 1967 bottle of wine and his dead girlfriend is sending him postcards from exotic locations. Yeaaaah.. he's losing it!
The first one is also a good reminder for me with respect to my nephews and is something one of my BFFs has often reminded me of when we talk about the role that I am fortunate enough to play in my nephews’ lives. Juli always reminds me that every kid needs just one person to believe in them, to take an interest in them, to be a role model for them, to encourage them. Then, in the event that I haven’t connected the dots, she says, “You, Narmin, YOU are this person in your nephews’ lives. Got it?”
I'll close for now and see you again on another day.
I bought my little girl a paper basket of French fries. While sitting in our folding chairs right next to the bandstand we overheard a lot of French being spoken all around us. I told my little girl that we were experiencing our heritage and culture,
"And to think I endured imprisonment at the hands of my own family for my faith," Tommy added. "As I look back, that was so unnecessary."
I will have taken care of them for 20 years, now.
Maurice
Nokia Lumia 610 features a 3.7 inch WVGA capacitive LCD touchscreen display, resolution 800 x 480 pixels, single core Qualcomm Snapdragon S1 800MHz processor, 256MB of RAM dan 16GB of built in storage
The Scripture teaches that children, marriage and singleness are gifts from God. To some, He gives the gift of marriage; to others, He gives the gift of singleness. Either way, we are to receive our marital status as a gift. This gift comes from a gracious God who loves us and gives us the very best gifts to any of His children who leave the choice with Him.
And John Stamos is John Stamos.
David Bowie Ziggy Stardust UK
For a Washington press corps that has been up in arms challenging House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s claim that the CIA obscured key details of the harsh interrogations from congressional leaders, it was impressive to see how little skepticism was evinced by Powell’s claim of ignorance from his seat on Bush’s Principals Committee.
Save up to 95% on Flooring: Homeowners can choose from many flooring options with marble being the most expensive at $10-$40 per square foot. Select ceramic or porcelain tiles for a modern look at a fraction of the cost.
to let me know you are there!
Well.... one of 2 claims is correct!
Cook squash and 1/2 onion in salted water until tender; drain well and mash coarsely with fork. Add butter, milk, eggs, crumbs, cheese, 1/2 onion, and salt and pepper. Pour into greased casserole dish and sprinkle with extra crumbs. Dot with about a tablespoon butter and sprinkle with paprika. Bake for 45 minutes, uncovered. Serves 6-8.
But that is sort of what I expected. It’s a long haul from 2004 to 2012. I’m quite certain that CIA and DOD put the fear of god into those people for daring to say through their actions that the work that the first president of the World Psychiatric Association, Ewan Cameron, conducted should in any way be considered illegal or unethical. No, connecting electrodes to a nineteen year old honors student, reducing her to sucking her thumb should somehow be considered a feather in Uncle Sam’s cap.
Girls are about twice as likely as boys to be victims and perpetrators of cyber-bullying.
1/2 cup (or more) lilac flowers, stems removed, chopped slightly in the food processor
The ladies appear to have suffered a bout of insanity occasioned by the well-tailored clothes the gentleman is wearing. #EnglishZZTop
As I continued to look at the map's index I found several other anomalies. In fact, I spent quite a lot of time reading the names of Ohio’s populated places… I really need a hobby!
Follow Len and Leslie Marma of Success! Real Estate on their facebook business page, “Marshfield Matters” ……. click LIKE to receive real estate info and what’s happening in Marshfield
First, some cartoon ones...
To the view of the greater equilibrium
As if that weren't enough to keep her toes curling in her red sneakers, Sloan goes on the run against her will with the arrogant Lane and their relationship heats up. They stumble onto a plot against the government and discover a drug that’s turning the teens on the island into actual killers.
That's right - I said Christmas cards. Again.
Let’s actually take a look at the paper the article is based on. Scientists also like to ensure that those reading their paper understand what it will be about before they get stuck in. They give their work a study title and an ‘abstract’. Liming Zhou’s study was called “Impacts of wind farms on land surface temperature” and the abstract said ” While converting wind’s kinetic energy into electricity, wind turbines modify surface–atmosphere exchanges and the transfer of energy, momentum, mass and moisture within the atmosphere.” The study wanted to understand the local effects of building large scale wind farms, because it’s important we have a good understanding for future projects.
A military tribunal is called, but as far as they can determine, Maki is telling the truth. They reluctantly allow him to leave the base to join his family on the condition that he make himself available for further interrogation.
Welcome! This is not our normal posting day, so if you are looking for our current challenge, please CLICK HERE!
"You won't do it at the right time. You'll be late. You'll be early. You'll get re-routed. You'll get delayed. You'll change your mind. You'll change your heart. It's not going to turn out the way you thought it would. It will be better."
The other insight I got from that paper was that students don't really understand measurement uncertainty. I definitely find that to be true. I like Geoff's approach but I don't really do anything about this other than hate how I don't do anything about it.
Like many old-world watchmakers, Hamilton suffered mightily during the Quartz Revolution, when a new digital technology all but replaced the old mechanical one. The company limped on for several years before they were acquired by the Swatch Group Ltd. in 1984. Their brand was little more than a small subsidiary of the giant watchmaker, until electronic watches wore out their welcome in the late 1980s. Suddenly, luxury models were back in style again. Vintage designs were all the rage, and Hamilton had an extensive collection of retro designs from their century of watchmaking. Let us take a moment to review a few of their most popular models.
That's why the Meerkat was born. That's why that fat bastard opera singer was inflicted upon us. That's why we had to endure Michael Winner. That's why a big red telephone with wheels came racing onto our screen. Oh yes! that's why a nodding Geordie bulldog was used. That's why some Aussie gals in pink spangly clothes and a big pink car sang a little ditty. You get the picture.
Thursday, March 22 2012
So, note to self and anyone who reads this: just don't buy Motorola. I think I'm going to upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy, I'm just going to try to hold out until I get to the T-mo upgrade period (early November for me.) I'm not that pleased with T-mo's customer service on this issue either but 1) I didn't buy the phone from them and 2) they have no impact on Motorola's crap service policy.
Jeon Kye-soo (sometimes also ‘Gye-soo’ in Romanised form) was born in 1972 in South Korea and is relatively new to filmmaking. He holds a B.A. in philosophy from Sogang University. Inspired by Jean-Pierre Jeunet‘s 1991 Delicatessen to become a director, Jeon initially worked in the theatre, both in the production of plays as well as in script writing. His entry into cinema then came with 삼거리 극장 (Samgeori Geukjang/Midnight Ballad for Ghost Theater) in 2006, a so-described ‘comedy musical horror’, clearly reflecting Jeon’s ties to the stage. Jeon’s filmography is short. It currently consists of three feature length films and one short, with Jeon having dabbled in a little bit of everything: musical, drama and romance.
Jude Law is the best dressed of the two. Sorry Robert.
10%: The estimated percentage of streetwalkers in Western countries who are controlled or dominated by pimps (see also “1.5%” below).
We skipped boating last weekend in order to clean the house. I finally have a basement again. I don't know how we lucked out but I sure am glad we weren't boating. Anyone who lives remotely near Baltimore knows about the torrential rain we had all weekend. I was starting to wonder if Noah was building another Ark. We've been out in rain before but this was nonstop, drenching, party-stopping rain. There are plenty more weeks to go and I'm sure we'll be out again soon.
Enter Gabe. A, then 25, tall curly haired guy with fantastic blue eyes. His profile, if I remember, somehow mentioned both his proclivity towards cucumbers and social justice. Obviously, I emailed him right away and we soon found ourselves walking along the building-treetops of the highline in Chelsea. Though our view of the world was spot on, I just didn't feel the love that night and we parted ways.
First of all, a birthday card of course!
A democratic society has to protect the civil rights of their people. Otherwise it's no longer a democratic society. A simple fact.
So, off to Home Depot we went. Our ten foot boards were about $5 and some change each, so we loaded them up, and also put in our cart a gallon of white paint. Cheapo that I am was a little disappointed that our total was going to be around $150 for this wall treatment. $100 + for lumber, almost $30 for paint, and a few paint brushes thrown in there added to the total. I was also I little bummed because the wood that existed in my mind, didn't seem to exist in real life. Ultra thin (to not stick out over the baseboards), and ultra cheap. Oh well. I really wanted it done. So, we were standing in line at the contractor checkout, since our local Home Depot has EVERY other register as self-check out now. Ugh.. how annoying is that? I like self checkout stations, but I like at least one other normal register open.. especially for lumber and whatnot.
Written on sounds waves, unbroken
Fish Zarandeado
People behave differently if they think they're being watched. Oh, and if they think they can't be heard.
To match up the chevron background and make it lil' girly I created Chevron Pattern with 4 shades of pink Bazzill cardstock! I will share the easy tutorial for it soon.
Ae spring brough of her master hale,
As it turns out, I’ve got too much on my mind for this to be a wordless Wednesday. Sorry for the double blog post today, but I don’t know God’s timing and when He is going to speak to me.
Milan and I went to Reims, France, with another couple, to see and enjoy the oldtimer fair. The four of us travelled in an excellent driving Citroën 2CV. This driving duck might not be very silent, but this might not suppress our fun. So funny to see all the other driver’s heads turn whenever you pass them while driving.
2. Diving Duck Blues (McDowell) 6:59
You are not a doctor, what experience helps you write this book?
“Oh, well I have $60 cash, and I could get the rest later, or write you a check.”
“Whereas previous MKK sessions have concentrated on media and media production, we have noted with interest that this years’ MKK planning committee have included a section on business,” Bush Radio Managing Director Brenda Leonard.
I am back with the Scrappin' Chics Challenge Blog Design Team! If you are unfamiliar with this, please go check it out by clicking HERE. Don't forget that you can link up your projects for a chance to win some awesome prizes!!!!!
and Christ will shine on you.”
This issue needs to be cleared up - immediately.
Your choice.
20 Thrilla In Manila
I have started reading the Niruktha, 3 sets of synonyms a day and started making notes in my blog http://satyaveda.wordpress.com. Everyone says that Vedic Sanskrit is different from Classical Sanskrit, and initially I felt the same. Then I started to think that it is not really all that different. Many nouns, verbs, declinations and conjugations etc are the same. Plus all Indian languages use Sanskrit noun and verb roots heavily with their own accents, declination and conjugation.
Seeing it made me jump for joy, leaving me both entertained and very thoughtful.
Address: Crta de Canyet s/n 08916 Badalona (Barcelona), Spain
Mattias walked away and sat with some of the crew to eat his meal. Stacey looked across the ship and saw the crew sitting and laughing together, each holding a plate of mashed potatoes and pork. This was what he wanted with his inn. He wanted his food to bring people together, and to give them an atmosphere where they could put their differences aside and just enjoy an evening.
I moved here about a dozen years ago. My plan was to stick around for a year and then head for the brighter lights of New York, and a glamorous career in publishing. Instead I've been here ever since. Because as much as I hate this place--and I do, I really, really do--I love it even more. I'm originally from Alabama. I spent my late teens and early 20s in Georgia. I've also lived in Colorado, Virginia, South Carolina, Iran and Kuwait. But if you ask, I'll tell you I'm a San Franciscan.
For the particular case of design protection, it is required that the indifidual character results from design features (which should not be technically unavoidable). Furhter, the imitation of a product with competitive individual character is considered unfair only if particular circumstances are met, wherein a lower competitive individual character may be compensated by a higher degree of unfairness in the circumstances of the immitation and vice versa.
Me: uhm.
I finished it of by cutting a butterfly out of acetate and then embossed it in a Cuttlebug folder, then sewed all the layers together.
And with that I'll say good night leaving you with this last shot taken a couple of years ago. I couldn't not include it because it's one of my very favorite shots ... and the first one I thought of when I saw the 'electric' theme and the one that inspired this entire post ...
Mom called and reminded me about my Aunt C's birthday on Sunday. The gratitude journal sounded like a perfect gift. So to get into it, I made a huge salad, divided it into thirds. I ate the first salad downloading and printing some awesome vintage prints from the Graphics Fairy. I quickly decided on a theme and began making a gratitude journal from a tiny composition book from Staples. I edged it with a satin ribbon with a long tail on top to become a bookmark. I typed up a gratitude poem for the inside cover and stamped the word Gratitude on the cover. Ooh, pretty cute!
Director : Sang-guk Nam
07. Orgullo Obrero
But of course Qi (Book of the Baba Yaga) is no legal thriller. It's just a chance to share Sam's journey, and a thoroughly engaging, fully imagined, and often very funny "young adult" novel ... for all ages.
I have gone on and on about this series and I hoping that I have made it sound interesting. It truly is. Ms. Harris has a way of making people believe the unbelievable.
The brown ale has long been a favorite of mine, and coming off the success of Sierra Nevada’s Harvest Fresh Hop Ale, I was excited to try this one. I like brown ales because they offer a very distinct flavor; the nuts, toffee and roasted malts all combine excellently into one enjoyable beer. If you haven’t had the pleasure of trying Rogue’s Hazelnut Brown Nectar, I suggest you rush to the nearest Rouge brewery and grab one.
KINGDOM OF HEAVEN APOSTOLIC MINISTRIES
In the pan you cooked the onions in, melt butter. When the butter is bubbling, add flour to make a paste. Allow paste to cook, stirring constantly, for about a minute. Add milk to the pan and whisk to incorporate flour paste into the milk. Add grated cheese and continue to whisk until melted and incorporated. Spoon cheese sauce over tomatoes.
I could go into detail about the story behind Scheherazade, but you've probably already heard it, or at least you know the story of One Thousand and One Nights. Our concert master pulls the character of Scheherazade, a desperate woman spinning yarns to save her life, out of her violin so that you forget where you are and nearly miss your cue. And the rest of us answer her with such angry foot-stomping like the most agitated sultan determine to behead another young bride and finally teach those nasty females a lesson. He has met his match.
SWEET DODO – what a lovely name. Sweet Mother is a CAN-DO sort of person. So, she must mean DO-DO as an attempt to inspire a young person. Think you can’t do something, Sweet, Young, Person just out of University? Never fear, Sweet Mother thinks you CAN DO. She is telling you as much by calling you, Sweet DO-DO, everyday. She means it like it sounds, “Go for it, DO-DO, you can DO IT!”
However, their cheese plate was great to see. Featuring 5 regionally local cheeses for 18 dollars, this cheese plate was the highlight of the meal. The plate included Great Hill Blue from Marion, MA, Shelburne Farms 24 mo. aged Cheddar from Shelburne, VT, Cobb Hill Ascutneg Mt. Gryere from Hartland, VT, Westfield Farms Camembert from Hubbardston, MA, and Vermont Butter & Cheese Chevre from Websterville, VT. Yes, it was a great all-American cheese plate. There's something to be said for fresh, local cheese.
The second major event was the birthing of the new grid in January, 2008. A grid is a geometrical, electromagnetically shaped “fishnet” about sixty miles above the globe, encircling the entire planet. Each of the earth’s approximately fourteen million species has its own grid; humankind has three grids, one for each level of consciousness. The conception of the new grid began thirteen-thousand-two-hundred years ago. The recent birth of the completed grid lasted about one month, with the assistance of Polynesian elders. The unity-consciousness grid has been fully formed and birthed. It is now alive and conscious; it is a living energy field around the Earth, and this changes everything.
The roses smell stronger than usual, their sweet, musky scent hangs heavy in the foggy air. The treads on his old shoes struggle to grip the stones still wet from the street washer’s hose. He tightens his hold on his cane and feels for the wall behind him. A chill seeps into his spine as he leans on the stone bricks.
MORE ON THE SECRET SERVICE WAR AGAINST RONBO:
And I love that it's a quick recipe to throw together (provided you have a food processor).
I’d like to talk a little bit about objectification, or treating other people as objects. We all do it. Any time you use another human being as a means towards an end, without regard to that person’s overall feelings or position in life, you’re objectifying him or her.
Obviously, getting wire bristles stuck in your throat or in one of your internal organs can be very painful and could lead to serious health problems – not to mention the complications that might result from having to undergo surgery to remedy the matter.
preheat oven to 300˚
We are fortunate to have Jason Jones make his home here at Harley Race’s World League Wrestling and we are happy to have Jason as the number twenty three in the MWR Trading Card series.
We were amphibians, scaled and tailed,
“When Love Goes Wrong”
while observing migrating whimbrels
so now they are hanging up to provide future inspiration.
Sometimes the past can cut deeper than the sharpest blade.
Lastly, The Embassy of God Church founded by Pastor Sunday Adelaja in 1994 in Kiev Ukraine is yet another Church founded by an African in Europe and is involved in global missions. The Embassy of God Church is one of the largest Churches in Europe having about 20,000 members. This Church cannot actually be labelled an African Church because 99% of its membership is white European. The Church has a leadership training programme, International Training School for Leaders which trains and equips Church leaders, missionaries and Church planters in global missions. This school have send missionaries to different parts of the world so that today The Embassy of God’s Church can boast of having over 200 Church plants in the former countries of the Soviet Union, The United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands, Spain, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Greece, Georgia, India, Canada, United States of America, Finland, Czech Republic, Sweden, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Japan, Moldova, Estonia and Finland. The Embassy of God Church is also involved in relief work in some of these countries.
Can't wait to go back!!
But they are catching up, like I knew they would. They are not human, although part of me thinks they once were. Something about the way they smell…
2 Pillsbury All Ready pie crusts, room temperature (or homemade if you have time)
What follows is going to sound like “I told you so”, but bear with me: I have an important point to make here that has nothing to do with YRIHF. I’ve made the point before, but this time I intend to be far more focused about it.
ScrapArtsMusic will perform eclectic world music on instruments made from recycled industrial materials on Friday, October 3, at 8 p.m. in Caltech’s Beckman Auditorium.
Sighs and moans
Google Sync
Just hand embroidery, it reveals the intensity of my obsessive compulsive nature.
*This is not me trying to say there is nothing else to do, but rather that the start point is belief.
The interview was held in a seedy Soho cafe. Seated in one of the booths was John Profumo, together with the then chairman of BOAC. Even though he wasn’t at the time a journalist, his journalist’s nose twitched as it was only four years after the Profumo affair, and he sensed a story.
im ok.
Maths and English, the same
_____You've got to admire the skill of pro athletes. Imagine convincing somebody to pay you a million dollars to play a game
The reason being that the dealer will not share the auction numbers, unless you have some way of connecting to the auction system and checking the auction sale price. However note the auction sale price is not the FOB price, as there are some taxes the dealers have to pay and some auction surcharges.
As the Earth goes through its birthing process, it is being as kind, as generous, and as loving as possible to humanity. It has accommodated humanity from the beginning. It moves around our weaknesses. It moves around our irrationality. It moves around our hate and anger and resentments and our fears, and yet it holds all of these vibrations. These vibrations are now in the process of being purged.
Short answer: NO!
Glass Deposit: £2 (Refundable)
At this point, I must confess, I made a mistake. I added cocoa instead of cinnamon. Can you see why?
I love how all my animals adore you and my bobcat can’t stop headbutting you.
blue milk: Many women my age are sceptical of anything seen as ‘spiritual’ – I think I was among them, and we were shocked to discover that we were capable of strong feelings about low intervention birth once we became pregnant because we were so certain that we were not hippies and that low intervention births are ‘hippy stuff’. Is the birth movement doing enough to reach women like me – Birth Matters is certainly impressively broad in its pitch – or should women like me ‘get over’ this aversion to spirituality (an aversion, which at its core is surely a little misogynist)?
Accessories - Opaque Pearls
The thread is LadyShuttleMaker's "Marina" in size 80. I'm not sure if she's still making this colorway-- I hope so, because I don't have much of it left.
that’s what I’m interested in
When we awoke, the rain was still coming down hard. It had collected under our tent so that moving around felt like walking on a waterbed. After another go/no-go decision, we decided once again to forgo the rain and canoe back up the trail. After dismantling the small tent and realizing that dry clothes weren’t an option, we loaded the canoe and took off immediately heading into the higher water.
Fast Company yesterday published what it claims to be additional “lost interviews” of the late Steve Jobs, Apple’s former CEO and co-founder. These interviews cover a good deal of the time when Jobs was at Pixar, which is not as well known as his presence at Apple, Inc. was. As you very well may know, Jobs purchased Lucasfilm’s computer graphics division in 1986 and renamed it “Pixar”, which later became well-known for its spectacular animated pictures.
If I was in the front garden I turned away as his blue bobble hat rounded the corner, or busied myself with a particularly stubborn weed. We never exchanged any words, but each time he passed my heart beat faster and my stomach quivered. He seemed smaller and slower than previously and his dog looked exhausted and unsteady in the heat.
In a large bowl, combine yeast, warm milk, sugar and one cup of flour. Cover and let it rise until doubled in size.
We have not forgotten the enormous strides you have been making, and are making. We are also completely aware that you make these strides based on courageous faith, albeit with an inner knowing and guidance that has been with you always and is waking up more and more.
Yeah-- somebody told me last night. This month the Big Social, the night when everyone from all of the different Salsa Heat locations converges into one location for an evening of salsa revelry, is on the same night as what would have been the Kissimmee location's monthly social due to Christmas, so they moved their date. I hadn't been to class this past week because I was resting my aging ankle, twisted from too many 3/4 turns while practicing in my living room with Dr. Dance, so I hadn't heard about the social.
I managed to complete my very first page of my haed Moon Goddess and here is how she is looking so far
In another clean medium bowl, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy.
my heart sings some poetry
but briefly, she shrugs him away, smiling.
Hi Aida.. some data you have on Neil Roger Woods aka Tim Higgs aka Truthseeker:
Hi all! Mid-Atlantic folks, did it rain enough for you these past few days? Being stuck inside is never the best, but I got lots of quality running and working out in at the gym. I also had the time to check out a website that my husband showed me recently. Think you can't be strong and muscular on a vegan diet? Think again, and check out Mike Mahler. He's a sports conditioning trainer, a kettlebell expert, and a vegan. His website is full of useful (and often, free) information about working out and kettlebells, and also vegan nutrition. He freely admits that he eats mostly for fuel and not for flavor, but after reading through his basic food combinations, I thought up all kinds of tasty and healthy ways to make these base foods delicious! The homemade protein bar and smoothie recipes will also be really valuable to me, and they look so easy to make. I'll be sure to post the results of these experiments as I try them.
-You not only listen to Radio Disney, but know all the lyrics and artists
If Arthur existed and Mordred existed, then a decent sword must have existed as well so they could fight each other. Who knows what Arthur called it? Probably a few rude things, if the battle was going badly. The Lady of the Lake stretching up her hand to reclaim Excalibur after Arthur’s death is pure fantasy, though warriors did offer their best weapons to water spirits, so there is some historical background to that story.
Jesus gravitated toward society’s losers. He takes all our rankings according to status and tips them upside down. When it comes to learning acceptance and love, it may take us a while to wallow through the confusion and realize the least are the greatest.
when dreams can keep on expanding, evolving, surprising us...
i wasn’t quite certain all i had lost, but i knew seven dollars had been taken from me.
Tim Moore/Audience Development Group
It made me smile.
It's GORGEOUS, but it's outside and it just happens to be raining. "Holy weather permitting!" exclaims Bethenny, and this is when I start to hate Bethenny. Her use of the "holy whatever!" drives me nuts. NUTS. Bethenny's just frenetic during this scene, answering with a sarcastic one-liner for everything. It's too much.
I tried a chamomile and peppermint tea before bed, to replace the normal cup of tea that I couldn’t face without milk, and it was great.
Decent body and I'll admit that it's not as bitter as many IPAs are, but you can't have this much hops of any type and not have the bitterness. I don't know why you'd want to, since hops without bitterness would seem out of place. You could easily make an all-malt beer, and they can be close to this of done a certain way (I had an all-malt amber that was), or even add other brewing spices instead of hops altogether, but then again, the whole point of an IPA is the extra hops, so this just seems pointless as advertised. If you discount the BS on the label, it's a good, middle of the road IPA. Not as hoppy as some, but solid body, malt and bitterness that a decent IPA should have.
The hardest thing I've ever done
Before I start my ramble, I just want to say how touched I was by your kind comments after the loss of my Dad, what a lovely bunch you are, I was very moved, thanks so much:)
Linking up to these Blog Parties
The shape the Church of England took during Elizabeth’s reign is often described as the Elizabethan Settlement. The Elizabethan Settlement did not establish the English Church as a via media between Rome and Geneva, as the Tractarians would claim in the nineteenth century. The two poles that the Elizabethan Settlement holds in tension are the Churches of Geneva and Zurich. Both Churches are Protestant and Reformed in faith, as would be the Church of England. Where they differ is in the spheres of church governance and discipline and the relationship of the church to the state. The English adopted the model of Zurich and a number of other Swiss Reformed Churches. In these churches the state governed the church and the church acted as the conscience of the state while in Geneva the church governed the state and was its own conscience.
Dear World,
If we look at the books in the Maverick House catalogue, it tells us socially and politically driven books on true-crime, terrorism, sport, memoirs, biographies and environmental issues are the cornerstone of their output. We could be looking at the preferences for any significant imprint of Random House. HarperCollins or Macmillan. Like all successful publishers, Maverick House grew slowly, and crucially, they understood the need to learn from their experiences in the Irish market, but also to identify the importance of not allowing it to become a comfort blanket or means to an end. Too often in Ireland, its native publishers have chosen to become Irish publishers first and foremost, rather than simply publishers.
Every book and story has an end. Sometimes, we are left hoping for a sequel. Sometimes, zee ending is complete. Sometimes, it's a happy ending. Sometimes, it's a dramatic sad ending. Sometimes, we know zee ending before zee beginning (yes, Star Wars, I'm thinking of you). Sometimes, zee ending is inevitable (Titanic).
I'll do a longer outfit post tomorrow, and on Sunday I'm off doing another photoshoot... outside Tesco at night! Haha! May sound crazy but I have it all planned out don't worry - the outfits are going to be a bit crazy and kooky, but that's all I'm saying!
HOW TO AVOID BEDTIME (FOR ME):
The band began publishing a monthly series of 23 live albums in 1986, but stopped without explanation after only 17. The tenth, a picture disk most commonly referred to as Album 10, could only be obtained by submitting tokens contained in each of the previous nine releases. The band subsequently earned an entry in the Guinness Book of World Records."
2nd Row; Several contenders incl. Ritchie Gray, Ian Evans, Parling but its Maestri and O'Connell for me with, Ritchie Gray on the Lions tour. (Ireland and France)
# ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe accused the judges of being part of the “counter-revolutionary forces” trying to destroy ANC president Jacob Zuma and the party;
Tammy slid the consent form towards her and handed her the pen. “This consent form says that once you’ve begun the procedure, you cannot stop, otherwise there may be complications that we cannot be liable for. “
Victor Emmitt Hammond (rogue, dashing and debonair.)
One other year of Hina’s medication and illness passed silently. Her condition was deteriorating speedily.
I love the freshly cooked aroma of bell pepper (capsicum). I decided to be a little adventurous and cooked it with other vegetables. This is a very simple vegetarian dish and I am sure everyone in the family would love it. The kids can pour the gravy in their rice so that you don't have to cook soup! LOL!
Saturday, October 4th, from 10 AM – 4 PM
Other Tucson Tourism
And then that rooster came in our yard
(I realize I could have done this differently, such as favourite animal, actor, actress, activity, etc., but I’m choosing to do it this way!)
However, it was the follow-up exchange that’s generating a lot of buzz.
See you on the other side of the fence!
And so the authoritative paratext offered by Doctor Who Monthly was never going to be sufficient. That doesn’t mean that it’s useless, of course. The paratextual approach to television is a necessary part of managing a show with fans successfully. It’s telling that Nathan-Turner’s dance with fandom and selective doling out of information to keep them engaged and excited about the show is a playbook utilized by every single creative force engaged in revamping an existing property with fans. Nathan-Turner’s eventual fate of having the fans turn against him has been the death knell of more than one big Hollywood property, and while everybody grasps that you can’t have a hit catering exclusively to hardcore fans they grasp equally that when hardcore fans reject a version they do so loudly, whereas if they like it they serve as enormously useful free advertising.
We represent most of our clients on a contingent fee. That means we do not get paid for our work until we get results for you. Of course, other arrangements are possible, depending on your case. Just ask to find out more.
I write this as a warning to the world…
Nine of the 10 died while in NHS care or soon afterwards, and the Ombudsman upheld the complaints made about the care received by all 10.
279. V. Froude, Elizabeth, Vol. I, ch. iv, letter of De Quadra to Philip
All my friends were listening to “One” and “Hang On Sloopy” and “Sugar, Sugar”, completely oblivious to songs like “Chest Fever”
Mini bagels
Jesus sees only two paths through life. One leads to eternal life, the other leads to eternal destruction.
Classic episodes: "Eddie Quits School" (after getting into trouble at school, Eddie quits and goes to work at a garage--a surprising look at Eddie's vulnerability); "Eddie Spends the Night" (at the Cleavers!); and "Eddie's Double-Cross" (the Caroline Schuster episode).
And close your eyes with holy dread,
History is written by the winners; glib, but true. The cliche comes from the kernel of truth in a phrase. Apart from some, of course. There’s never fire with smoke. People love making smoke. Some are even professionals at making smoke that looks like fire to back up their original smoke. Wait for the fire, I say. And while you wait – consider the goat. There’s no smoke with goats, no blustering about. If pressed, you will notice there isn’t any fire, either. Goats have dodged the idiom with agility and grace. And, therein, their talent. The losers didn’t make it, and only a handful of winners did; cowering in advisory roles so that they may scribble their account of History. Where are all the survivors, then? They are outside my tent right now, chewing a handkerchief. They are a little way down the road, eating and sleeping in cement. They are headbutting a greedy pigeon, just because it deserved it. They are those who learned how to dodge the conflict in its entirety, pronking past all skirmishes to a life of mediocrity. They are goats.
Don't forget to leave me a comment for each entry. (Entry's will be verified!)
For instance, in the Hunger Games we are introduced to Katniss and we get a glimpse of the hell that is her life and the burden she has of feeding her family. We feel for her because she lives in a post-apocalyptic nightmare where life is lived on the brink of starvation. Nothing terribly earth-shattering happens, but we care about this girl. So, when Katniss is chosen to participate in The Hunger Games–a brutal gladiator game held by the privileged Capitol–we want her to win, because that means a life of food, shelter and relative safety.
into a suite of music and poetry that goes from post-rock to free
Breathe in the positivity.
This shirt is actually sleeveless, and because I don't have to tuck it in, I think I can get away with my skirt being a bit too tight. Granted, I won't be able to take my suit jacket off (and expose my arms), but I should be able to keep my suit jacket on the entire time. (My interview is only supposed to be an hour long, and I'm counting on the building being air conditioned.)
The year we lost her we celebrated her birthday on the 7th.
I know a lot of people are disappointed we closed up shop so early. I'm super sorry for any of you who didn't get to purchase from our fall collection. The holidays are always a treacherous time for business owners especially right around Christmas because of the mass amount of Christmas orders. I might be the only one working till all obscene hours of the night and missing out on Ugly Sweater holiday parties. I do my best to stay ahead of the game am usually drowning in work. Sometimes I wish I could curl up with some hot chocolate and watch Christmas movies with my family or go drive around town and look at Christmas lights instead of what I am usually doing.
In the last three contested races for DA in Durham (2006 primary, 2006 general election, 2008 primary), a significant plurality of Durham voters demonstrated at best indifference to and at worst outright support for unethical behavior in the county’s chief prosecutor. So it seems unlikely that Cline will be removed at the ballot box. Will the State Bar act again?
silent tyranny.
By the time I tip toed into the kitchen for lunch, I was hungrayyy. My eyes were a bit bigger than my stomach, though, because I definitely felt too full 20 minutes after my meal. Woops.
Me: “No.”
” Given the choice between Liberty and Equality, I would choose Liberty every time.” – Ernest Bevin, a major figure in the TUC who pressed for support of the Spanish Republican Government, whilst fighting against stalinist influence withing the TGWU and wider Labour Movement.
He will not let your foot be moved; he who keeps you will not slumber. Behold, he who keeps Israel will neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is your keeper; the Lord is your shade on your right hand. The sun shall not strike you by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life. The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this time forth and forevermore. (Psalm 121:3-8)
“In terms of the diary, Takayoshi willingly set about translating the whole journal for me which was a painstaking exercise because of the difficulty with the script which was mostly written in an older style Japanese (Bungo) which has been superseded by a more modern day script today.”
That I had placed my own baby brother in
We have a new challenge over at Late Night Stampers. This week we are looking at our retiring sets and our theme is "Sorry to see you go!". We are to use any retiring set on our project.
May I always mourn for death, and always make joy of birth.
K is for knees that crack when they bend?
We had a nice quiet Thanksgiving this year. We don't have space for left overs, nevermind counter space to actually make food - with two squares of counter one for the microwave and one for drying dishes, who's idea was that anyway?!
* China Glaze Crackle Glaze - Crushed Candy
It’s late at night. Your essay deadline is the following morning. You’ve consumed so much coffee it’s given you the shakes, and despite staring intensely at your computer screen for the past two hours, you’ve still only got three paragraphs. Which you suspect are not very good.
Peter Marsh is a top Financial Times journalist and author of The New Industrial Revolution: Consumers, Globalization and the End of Mass Production, an upbeat analysis of the imminent manufacturing revolution. Here Marsh discusses the history of global manufacturing, the effect of the financial crisis and the social and economic benefits that a new industrial revolution could bring.
A Fat Burning Diet
She seems as though she’s the most adaptable to the real world – had Heathcliff not engineered a relationship between Catherine and Linton, she probably would have married some nice man from the village and been mostly happy.
No Longer Gone
The aromas has are dominated with banana and clove up front. Nein Blondes is nice and welcoming with yeast dominating the flavour. There is more fruit on the palate and a hint of spice all coming together. I would rate this beer better than Paulaner, Franziskaner, Erdinger and Hoegaarden but still inferior compare to Weihenstephaner
Like there's only one or six to pick from? Querying too soon, querying to the wrong agent for the genre, giving unsolicited feedback on an excerpt, signing a contract with a vanity press, forgetting to back up a 60k word project (twice) and losing it all. How about ya'll tell me YOUR writing/creative blunders and I can already respond “done that!”
Today, I’m going to present you the trend of Tassels and Fringes. This sophisticated form of fashion is everywhere, but it can easily turn into a “too much going on” situation.
With all the physical aspects of my lens/headset designed the next step was to design the U.I (User interface) again I started this part of the project with sketches in my day book. I came up with three designs, two I liked and one I didn’t (see images below)
I had a blast checking everything out, then we went inside. We were just picking up a couple on-going prescriptions for me and Dave - no muss, no fuss.
What followed over the tannoy was a sound like a low rasping saw being drawn across glass. A loud, long spiky retch. Ben had to try hard not to raise his hands to his ears to block out the terrible noise. It didn't seem to bother the others, so he had to show some nerve and resist. But God what a sound. And where was the train going? That part of the announcement... well, it didn't exist.
“Erm… well, Chinese?” I wanted to venture, but didn’t dare. In the end, they agreed. Jackie Chan was definitely black. I wrote his name down — somewhat reluctantly — on my scrap piece of paper. It was one of those surreal moments at school, of which there are several each day, when you look around, wondering: “Am I on candid camera?”
I tried to get my brother to try some of the Belgian beers, but I noticed he had the same expression on his face that I had when he put on my wiper blades.
but looking back over the rooftops of Monaco.
At a time when the real peasants of France were starving and crying out for bread, in her little world the queen created a pastoral paradise which did not, and had never existed outside the pages of a children's fairy tale.
Perhaps Rais Yatim has a different understanding of the rule of law than the rest of us. Would someone please give him a legal dictionary?
944 ***D-V/13/1986. “Lessons from Life.” Chicago Law Foundation. The Law School, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Excerpt: Item C-1986(3), above, p. 576. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 573-81 (1992).)
But lately, I find myself wondering…what’s it like on the other side? I have a few friends who are uber chic. They dress well. They are beautiful. Their nails grow long and their hair looks, uh, purposeful. What bridge did they cross to get there? Did they sell an organ? Can I join this club, or is there a secret society involved that must approve me first?
Violinist
1 teaspoon coriander seeds
After a modest breakfast we bid adieu to Bonnie and Clyde and set off for Cathedral Peak. We wanted a spot right in the Drakensberg and CP, as us old hands call it, seemed to fit the bill. We wend our way through rural Kwazulu Natal, the landscape dotted by houses, huts, schools, kraals, cattle and goats.
When almost all was out, God made a stay,
Don't be discouraged. I am still here, even if not as often :)
For now though, I want to thank you all for sticking by me through this difficult transition. Your patience and support has meant a lot and I can't thank you enough.
Tourism is more global than ever. Hotels, Destinations have to compete not with their adjacent neighbours, they need to compete with every hotel and destination in the world. To reach that, to be visible – working together is the most crucial thing to do.
So here came my monthly cycle, and like it has since I was 12, a migraine came with it. I thought I was "over" them because the blood pressure medication was preventing them. Now, I was hoping that my substantial weight release (110 lbs or more) had balanced my hormones enough that I might not get one. I have to say, it was not as severe as I have had in the past.
It took a bit of thinking, but I finally realized that what I loved about this show were the characters. So for the first time ever, I stepped away from the academic paragraphs and wrote a list of reasons to watch Parks and Rec. And although I had used videos and pictures in blogs before this, I think that it was the first time that they really added merit to what I had written. It was about as revelatory as blogs can be—I realized that I could get my point across much more quickly with bullet points or numbers, and that rhetorically, this fit my dry humor like a glove.
We didn’t expect that.
She had obviously been well-trained by her parents to express appreciation when someone did something nice for her. I’m always amused by the teaching technique most parents use when socializing their kids on this critical component of human interaction. The nice man in the sunglasses offers you candy if you’ll join him in his windowless van to help him look for his missing puppy, and your mom stands there and asks “What do you say?” Most children learn pretty quickly to offer a shy “thank you,” though a fortunate few respond “shouldn’t I be wary of strangers?”
The heroine is a young poor emigrant and at first it is a heart-warming tale of success. A fairy tale is introduced early on and this haunts the narration as a recurring motif in a very satisfying way. In fact the writing, which although rooted in reality, also has an otherworldliness feel which adds to an impression of a fairy tale. For instance, here is how the book starts: ‘I was born in a forest even darker and more tangled than this one - in the Scwarzwald with its valleys, deep as scars. My valley was so steep and narrow , we called it Höllental, valley of hell. Enclosed by precipitous hills, it got very little sunlight. Bruised clouds shrouded the sun in morning....’
If you’ve never been there, or even if you have and may not remember it, you may be thinking, what a beautiful mansion or resort hotel! Well, it did house special guests. It is the administration building at the old abandoned Mansfield Reformatory, one of Ohio’s former maximum security prisons! I don’t think they build them like that anymore!
"Well you look super sexy."
Don't worry - I'm not going to bore you with a long list because I'm not going to bother with the long list of stuff that I don't stick to.
I grabbed Todd for a photo shoot so that I could get a “white male” demographic for the school’s capstone event. (The Media Arts & Science program director at the time was complaining that his demographic wasn’t being represented in the design work I had been doing for capstones.) The following two images are of the photo I took and of the design I ended up creating.
It's just snow.
“Yeah, maybe, I don’t know. But I don’t really care. Remember what David said – you’re the one with business. I’ve been ready to go. Hey. There’s a light on in your house.”
And the best part . . . the over 500 guests . . . all 'oooing' and 'ahhhhing' over all the dogs and raising money for such a great cause.
Warthogs are a member of the Suidae family of animals, in which hogs and common pigs are part of. Their diet consists of mainly grass, roots and berries. They can adapt very well and will find almost anything to snack on.
“I don’t care if whether I go or not, I will defend the decisions of the ANC Youth League until I see my grave,” he told the crowd in Bloemfontein.
Later in separation acrimony, Prince Charles said he never loved Diana. He loved her then, tried to be faithful to her, but then the marriage had "broken down" so he went back to Camilla. ...He loved Diana, he didn't love her...he appreciated the sons he had with her, but didn't love her ...
When the postie brought my PIF parcel the other day, he also handed me another one. I wasn't sure what it was but as it had my name on it, I opened it. Inside, a surprise pressie from a friend from another internet forum - this pretty coloured and jingly bag charm - isn't it just stunning - can you see all the knitting/sewing charms on there?
Strait in the mazed bed
We have FOUR BRAND NEW SETS for you tonight and they are all available NOW at Totally Stampalicious!! As always we want you to play along in our Release Blog Hop so we're going to give away some PRIZES!!!
We're about to embark on a 10 (TEN) hour (HOUR) drive to the inlaws tonight - with all three sea creatures in car seats. And me pregnant, riding shotgun.
6.Some self realizations which are not very pretty but "it is what it is" & I am OK with that!
In order for you to be able to play in a Poker rakeback tournament, you will have to pay what is referred to as a buy in fee. Please keep in mind that there are extra amounts in the buy in fee generally. For instance, you pay $440 for the buy in fee. However, there is only $400 is the buy in fee. The additional $40 is the rake. The rake charged in cash poker game is different from the tournament. The poker rooms will ask money in a certain percentage from each hand. Generally, the percentage of rate is 5% but different rooms will have some differences. To put this into perspective, let us assume that there are nine players on a poker room. And the poker rooms request $2 per hand as rake, $2 multiplied nine players, the total rake the poker room’s gain is $18.
I am not the wind with girlish laughter,
Happy Valentine's Day to each of you!
4. Detroit Lions
who comforts us in all our troubles,
This was a banner week. So much so that I am changing how I am reporting my statistics.
Chaos team: Jacksonville Juggernaughts
3. That chemistry you two used to have? You know the one that made folks so uncomfortable because they felt like they were in your boudoir? It’s completely and utterly gone.
Thursday 17 May at Luton Recreation Ground, Capstone Road, Chatham
-Spread out a blanket on the living room floor and have a picnic inside. Turn the lights down low, light some candles, play some soft music and talk to your sweetie.
The next conference of Historical Materialism will take place in Toronto, 11–13 May 2012. For information on Historical Materialism journal and conferences, go to www.historicalmaterialism.org.
CD: Is it?
Young love of my heart , getting over you was slow.
The sun was blazing hot, far too miserable to enjoy a stroll. But, with the combination of tall buildings and narrow streets, I spent most of my time in the shade.
UPDATE: Allahpundit at Hot Air labels the $200 milliondollar price tag of the trip an urban legend and says "Don’t trust Indian media."
So you would assume that mining activity would be on the rise post-Escalation. And there was an increase some regions of space.
A Morning Stroll
Stay tuned. In the meantime, we hope you enjoy our pullout History of Life Insurance timeline poster in this issue, and remember to check out the expanded online version by clicking here. It includes links to videos and company history timelines. While we have tried to be comprehensive, certainly we have not been able to round up all worthy inclusions. But as the online History of Life Insurance timeline is a living, breathing document, we can add to it.
It's been a while since I've linked to a Beyond the Book interview but here is an interview with Ingram's Chief Content Officer Phil Ollila. Phil speaks about how digital has changed the way Ingram operates and how that transition has enabled them to offer a broader array of services for publishers - especially on an international scale. (BTB)
a few weeks later.....
“to resist” they’d gist
Young Ho remarks at how insolent he’s being but Jin Oh doesn’t care. Everyone in the hotel knows what he uses the suite rooms for and Young Ho threatens to fire him. Jin Oh warns that he won’t be fired quietly.
SW11 6QW
My first pair of James Sang trying to actually matt black wash. I'm in my normal size 27, but they are really too nervous, I can barely move, they definitely run small. I wash and these fit perfectly in the 27 the Vesper exchange. I think I would include, for reference, so that you know the matt black seems to run than the small bit of Vesper. Initially, however, when you put these, they are very nervous. You must wear for some time, so that they can mold to your body, and is ideal for you. They expand to fit your body so that they become your jeans like a man.
So don't forget to stop by the TPS blog and check out the other Dt's members previews and if you leave a comment there you could win her for yourself!
The old covenant is characterized as that which is written on stones, whose ministry condemns and kills; the new covenant is that written in hearts, whose ministry is spiritual, makes alive, and produces righteousness. Not that the old covenant wasn’t glorious. Indeed, it was. But, as the light of a candle pales in comparison to the light of the Sun, so the glory of the old was negligible and transitory compared to the glory of the new. Note again the idea of transcendence.
Funny thing about gas prices these days versus just a few years ago back in 2008.
That said, I'm a pretty generous tipper when my service is fair and a great tipper when the service calls for it.
*Ian hands me the CD*
Know Allow Accept Manifest… Gratitude to ALL THAT IS for ALL THAT IS!!
* If you have never put together an effective presentation, don't question how many hours go into creating one.
Dinner. I respond. Cody looks at Bug covered in flour and dough. Don't worry...I separated his dough from the rest. Cody still looks sceptical. The bread that is rising is safe. He grunts in reply before he finishes making his breakfast.
Nigeria’s Rita Dominic was named Best Actress for her role in Kenyan film Shattered, while Ghanaian Majid Michel won Best Actor for his role in Somewhere in Africa.
All of that would be at most a minor annoyance, but this time, Eater has gone too far. Earlier this week, they published photos of the nation's most prominent food critics, many of whom pride themselves on their anonymity. This ridiculous "news item" does an immense disservice to restaurant consumers. Even in this day of Yelp, Chowhound and countless bloggers, there needs to be a place for the professional food critic, a knowledgeable journalist who takes multiple meals under the cloak of anonymity in order to make reliable recommendations to the public.
He was due to return home for R&R in April.
My dog:
metal tongs grip each lobe
Seven things about myself.
Now my fashionable friends, GO, go go !
There is no religion on the planet that compares with the divinely revealed, complete, consistent, practical, and systematic theology of the Catholic Church.
Hi everyone. I hope you have had a lovely week so far. I know that many of our friends are celebrating Thanksgiving tomorrow, So I wanted to tell you that I hope you and your family have a blessed and happy day together. For those of you not celebrating a holiday ~ I still wish you the same. It does not take a holiday for us to think of what we are thankful for. So let me hold my cup of joe up high and say THANK YOU for making my days much brighter . I love to visit and share with each and every one of you.
Additionally, I am a dyed-in-the-wool fan of electronic hearing protection, such as Peltors. As a young Ranger, I categorically refused to wear hearing protection, except when I was specifically instructed to do so, because "I won't have earplugs in during combat, so I need to get accustomed to the noise now!" (Yeah, can you spell dumb ass? In this case, it's spelled "Ranger Mosby!") As a result, when I ETS'd in 2003, my exit physical determined that I had 40% hearing in my right hear and 65% in my left. Today, I still occasionally pull a stupid and have my Peltors up on top of my head as I instruct someone in something, as another person is running a drill nearby. Nevertheless, I am religious about having hearing protection on anytime unsuppressed gunfire occurs in my immediate vicinity.
It’s something unpredictable, but in the end it’s right.
In the beginning my WHY was to earn enough money to be able to buy Thirty-One and other “fun” non-essential things without worrying about our budget or feeling guilty for spending money. When I realized that I could actually make pretty good money with Thirty-One, my WHY was expanded. I had always said that I wanted to be home with my girls in the afternoon by the time Hailey started middle school. It was a dream because I never thought it would actually be possible. I was able to go part-time at my job in the middle of Hailey’s third grade year (and I owe a lot to my boss for allowing me to do that!). Now my WHY is to continue to be able to spend more time with my family and continue on our path to being debt-free (happy to say we have NO credit cards!). My WHY is also to share this opportunity with other women to empower them to have control over their lives and their finances and to be able to achieve their dreams. I especially love helping those that are trying to find a way to stay at home with their babies. I remember sitting at my computer desk during my maternity leave searching online for a work-at-home opportunity that wasn’t a scam or a pyramid scheme. That was not in God’s plan for me at the time but His plan is always greater than our plan! As I look at my downline numbers now, I know without a doubt that I am exactly where He wants me to be and I thank Him for his many blessings!
As the Chairperson of the New York City Council’s Committee on Sanitation and Waste, I believe that SWMP is both timely and integral to achieving the City's vital goal of diminishing the impact of exporting our waste outside of the City, and addressing the injustice of siting solid waste infrastructure in low-income communities.
There are some gaps – apparently not everyone managed to record all of their results! This, however, is something you might be able to write about in Tuesday’s lesson when we will be coming to the end of the data handling cycle. Get ready to interpret and evaluate our results!
5. How to act in a real play.
No one around me knows this. And they'd probably think that I am seriously not well. Sometimes I feel like I am not that well.
She had Tons of Miles to spare, and offered me a Ticket to Brasil…
The surgeon gave me the option of having a lumpectomy where he just removes the cancer and some tissue around it and the first to lymph nodes to see if it spread, followed by chemo if necessary, then radiation treatments for 33 days and then take a pill for five years or have a mastectomy, remove the entire breast, and be done with it or have reconstruction if desired. After reading through the brochure, I chose to have the lumpectomy and save my breast. I called my Pastor and arranged to be anointed for healing the Sunday before my surgery. This was the first time I ever did this.
I feel sometimes like that autistic child in the Bruce Willis movie Mercury Rising: I am unable to take in the dangers life poses because I’m already overloaded with the stimulation of mere existence. Like the kid, I love to solve puzzles, and I’m pretty good at it, but I also wander into traffic, staring at patterns of light, while God, like Bruce Willis, has to run after me, snatch me up under his arm kicking and screaming, and carry me back to the car. When he tries to get some shut-eye, I open the door and wander off again.
Hosted by the wonderful Anne-Marie Nichols of This Mama Cooks (on a Diet) who demonstrated a few simple recipes using the sauce, our meal was rounded off by the chefs at Mise en Place who took the sauces to an even higher level.
Maxfield and Wyatt attend the local public elementary school. Unlike other school districts in the area which have these huge district wide primary schools that have 10 classes per grade and feel like a Sams club of education, Max and Wyatt's school is a small only two classes per grade, community minded friendly learning environment. At least I hope it is friendly.
I thought for all the world it would. But the rest of the evening, all night, and into the next morning, there was only the wind -- the past.
3. San Francisco – Brett Dennen
Morgan Matson
“It’s just like a habit. You do this over and over and over again, so you stop thinking about it,” Faler said. “But if you just shift it slightly, it has a cascade effect where you’re allowed to see it again and actually think about what you’re doing.”
Jane Couch, a department landscape architect, told the committee that they will add metal-framed, shading canopies at the ends of both existing courts. Both existing courts may receive minor upgrades or repairs as deemed necessary during construction, and a third court will be constructed on the site of an existing shuffleboard court.
And yet, a recent analysis led by the social psychologist Eli Finkel of Northwestern University shows there is little reason to believe that these websites are improving dating outcomes. In fact, they might be making things worse.
doggy-jail-like institution.
I went on strike today.
bought the class monitor tea and chapati - so that he could stop slacking off and come to school. It was during Ramadan, but he ate anyways, claiming that he was sick. I think it worked for 2 weeks.
The Holiday Hop runs from 12:01 a.m. (EST) Monday, October 17, 2011 through 11:59 p.m. (EST) Friday, October 21, 2011. Winners will be chosen and posted here no later than 3:00 p.m. (EST) Saturday, October 22, 2011.
Punch in a lovely bowl.
have licenses as counselors.
The winner will receive a package of holiday themed crafting supplies from my favorite Florida scrapbooking store: Scrapbook Fanatic. The lucky winner will also receive $1,000,000 in Damask Love "Love Bucks" which can be redeemed for compliments, smiles, hugs and high-fives.
You're walking away, walking away
The combination of the parmesan and romano cheeses with the lemon/butter sauce is to die for. The basil gives it that little something extra to make it taste complete. I'll definitely be making this again because it was inexpensive and simple to make. :)
It cites Wikipedia as its source, so off to Wikipedia.... but unfortunately this links to the page on antipredator adaptation which doesn't talk about the liquifying of sea cucumbers. The page on sea cucumbers, however, does:
One night while we were working on Kalecgos in Sunwell Plateau, we were doing a run back…again. We’d even pulled and reset to get some more people rezzed. We were recovering, a bunch of us seated outside of his circle, eating and drinking our way back to full health. A few people were still running back.
Frederick Forsyth is known for his thriller books with lots of background research. “The Cobra” is his latest book that I read recently. This is not his best work but since I have read it few months ago, I will start by writing about it first and then write about his other books later. This is a book about international cocaine trade controlled by Columbian drug-lords. In this story, US president gives a free hand to ex-CIA agent Paul to eliminate the source of this problem and use US military help as well as help from other countries.
The Oscar nominations will be announced only 5 days from now, and if you want to be prepared with some idea of who and what will be recognized, then I may be able to be of some service. The following is a list of all the films that I can think of that have a legitimate chance of receiving at least one nomination (excluding documentaries and shorts, which I am not that familiar with, and including foreign films only to a limited degree). Each potential nominee is categorized in one of four ways:
How would you describe your sound?
where a lost soul
Mom: Yes, they're huge...they're going to rip your shirt!
Roasted Potatoes with Creme Fraiche, Scallions and Optional Bacon
Apple had another record-breaking financial quarter over the last three months. But it also hit several other high points…
4/16/2011 - Winners will be contacted. As soon as the parents agree for the 2nd time to the rules and regulations of the contest a public announcement will be made on Facebook/Twitter and our Blog. If a child can no longer participate or the winner doesn‘t respond to the e-mail within 24 hours, the Diva with the next highest number of votes will be contacted.
I can say, so over highschool and fake college.
I try to take a deep breath but my heart is pounding too fast... Fresh air .. I need fresh air... How much further? I stop to listen for the footfalls of the person I know to be ahead of me.. At first all I can hear is my own heart thumping loudly in my chest., but then.. YES!! I can hear them.. Tap tap tap and then mercifully.. The slam of a door... The top... The top must be near.. I push on and up and finally swing open the door to my freedom.. My lungs thank me for my perseverance .. My eyes thank me for the feast laid out in front.. A view of all of Paris from the highest point in the city! Thank goodness I was ignorant of my phobia or I might not have attempted the climb ...The reward was worth the torture!!
A line I hope to internalize is this: If some protection is good, more is not necessarily better.
I believe marriage is between a man and a woman, say the true believers. But why? Marriage used to be between a white man and a white woman; interracial matches were outlawed. No one could explain that either. History moved on; it moves now. The young people do not understand the fuss. (This is when I love the young people very much.) They have gay friends, they have straight friends; the vast majority of them cannot see the difference.
Tonight I just feel happy. It is a nice light feeling.
****UPDATE****
I was admitted to the hospital on the 18th of May. The morning of the 25th, I found out I was going to have to deliver three full months early as a result of pre-eclampsia. I was unaware at the time of the ramifications of this...like the fact that it was likely he wasn't going to make it and that the road ahead was long and steep. I just knew I was scared. At 2am on the 26th, my friend Maren walked into my hospital room. Why, you ask, would this make me happy? Well, she bought a ticket that morning right rafter she heard my news and just left her husband and two little ones and hopped on a plane from Oregon that night to come sit by my side. For a week. Not just anyone could have done that. Maren has a skill set that was especially helpful; she is a neonatology nurse. She answered my questions and helped me know what to look for. She asked the nurses questions and told me what questions to ask. She told me when to be nervous and when to relax, and helped me prioritize my concerns. She explained the monitors and alarms and needles and wires and tests and vocab. She bought the nurses chocolate. She washed my pump equipment at 11, 1, 4, and 7 so I didn't have to get out of bed. She and my sister made me freezer dinners, did my laundry, and held my hand. They kept me sane those first days and weeks.
Civilization of Atlantis in the west, and the Rama dynasty in the East is expected to grow and experience the golden age of between 30 000 years BC up to 15000 BC.
I have just been steaming potatoes and forgot to put water in the pot so have smoked out the entire kitchen, that’s because I’m distracted and a tad angry after today.
Remember and listen...the EDL is NOT racist; just against Muslim Extremism which, if you watch the news, is a very real threat to this country and others!
And the Facebook page. For now, this will have updates on progress and a few snippets, but it's important to get the name now in case it goes to someone else. It's better to have a few followers on it before publication day, too.
and lots of props.
For long the propagators of the Colonial Tradition have brainwashed Indian Readers who learn about our own culture through English language into thinking that the Atharva Veda is the last or most recent Veda.
I also need to think about who is physically fit enough to work long days in the African heat, and who is likely to get parental consent, especially with Kenya having some political problems and Embassy warnings. Many of our parents won’t let their children go to the Red Sea for example, because of media reports about problems Egypt, and we couldn’t include countries such as China or Greece because parents are afraid of the people in these countries, so there is a huge cultural minefield involved and that also needs to be taken into consideration, especially when many of our children and their families have never left Georgia before and they are already allowing their children to be away for two weeks, which is a big trust and responsibility for them. Plus we need to think about how they will cope on return from expedition, especially if they come from families where they have little money and not much food. This is in fact my biggest fear, as I know how hard it can be to fit back in after a life changing expedition, especially when others can’t relate to what you have experienced, and this is something I’ve also seen in soldiers coming back from war, as much as seeing it with explorers coming back from the Arctic or Amazon or whatever. So this is a huge factor, as is the children’s openness to new experiences and willingness to push themselves outside of their comfort zones. If they refuse to try local foods, and that is all that we have on offer, then they will quickly become ill or dehydrated and that could be disastrous, as much as them making a social or verbal faux par, as a wrong word could be taken massively out of context or misunderstood, even when not meant that way. For example, my calling a child ‘bossy’ would be no big deal in the UK, but calling a Georgian child the same word, would sound to a Georgian like ‘bosi’ meaning whore (long ago bosi actually meant beautiful, but not anymore). I have also heard the word ‘nigger’ being used for a black person in relation to its meaning in Russian coming from ‘negro’, but it would have an entirely different meaning outside of Georgia and could lead to massive problems for us. Just as Georgians use the word ‘I want’ rather than ‘I would like’ and often don’t include ‘please’ and ‘thank you’. This is not rude in Georgian culture, and is perfectly normal, but outside of Georgia could lead to our kids being seen as rude and demanding or impolite.
Di Matteo admitted that juggling his club’s resources through such a hectic period is “very challenging” but said it was the price Chelsea are paying for not giving priority to one tournament over another. Liverpool will enjoy an extra day’s preparation for the final on Saturday by dint of playing Fulham on Tuesday rather than Wednesday.
In addition to education and life expectancy, the study also ranked countries in terms of factors such as the number of health staff in place when a child is born, the number of women using contraception, rules for maternity leave, and the number of children who die before they have turned five. In Niger, one in every seven children dies before the age of five.
Method #1- Check on the mixture after about a half hour. Ice crystals will have begun to form. Stir mixture. Stir again every half hour until mixture is more solid than liquid.
We saw the wonderful and talented Daphne Willis perform at a house concert. (I don't actually have a thing for girls with goggles - it's just coincidence that the model in my last post had gogs too)
I had come home in the afternoon and seen that the bed wasn’t made up, but I really thought I had made it up before I left for work. I had the sneaking feeling a few more times over the next week or so and I finally took a picture before I left for work.
CCSO was called Apr. 16 concerning the theft from a rental property on Elliott Street. The stolen items valued at $9,000 were located at Trademark Metal Recycling, 5005 Dalewood Street in the community of Cleveland, east of Punta Gorda. Trademark employees furnished the deputy with a copy of the information on file when they bought the items and paid Peters $32.48. The information included his driver’s license, fingerprint, a photo of him when he sold the items, a copy of the transaction, and a photo of the items purchased as required by law.
7.) Blend of choice may continue the kindness by issuing this award to keep the circle forever growing.
Hydell’s calmer, more rational brother Alex (Vincent Regan) takes control of the situation and stops Hydell from assaulting Emilie, who’s identity he is unaware of.
Speaking of chances to connect with authors… A week from today, April 17th at 5:00pm Pacific Time, the Indie Elite is hosting a live chat with author Christine Fonseca (YA novella Dies Irae, YA novel Lacrimosa, as well as acclaimed non-fiction titles) and myself (The Secret Of Spruce Knoll, Channeler’s Choice, and To Ride A Puca). We’ll be talking about our books, writing, reading, and everything in between. And we’ll be doing giveaways during the chat. You can win books and swag. Hope to see you there!
I snapped a few random photos today. Plumbing woes continue. We have now been without running water for 34 hours. Although, except for dishes piling up, we have been faring pretty well. There are a few leaky joints that have been stubborn about getting fixed. But hopefully the next trial will be 'the one'. All I can say is THANK GOODNESS for the hydrant in the barnyard!! I was able to refill the 'flush buckets' for the toilets out there. Poor V, he has been struggling with this for so long. Of course, he predicted that it would only take a few hours... um... right.....
Once, I thought I'd spend WEEKS searching out every team website, trying to seek who this year's minor league managers, coaches and roving instructors were. Or, I could drop $30-ish dollars for the directory from Baseball America. Ouch. That's a lot of postage stamps..
"I know- just give me the thumbs up if you want to go faster and thumbs down for slower."
He gets along with Ella...
I've used this bit of wisdom often in my raising of Moriah and Elie. Google made it easier than Mr. Geiger could have ever imagined.
In this post I will elaborate more on the ideas that are used, which are the very heart of a nocebo or what I am calling padeas (pathological ideas).
I fit in my bed, rough orange peel my sheets
The impulse then followed, once on my tummy, to gently press up on my arms and look around. Eventually I was able to press up onto all fours from my tummy. Then it was crawl, then reach up, then stand up, then walk. It was a rebirth. By June 1, 2011, I stood on my feet again for the first time.
4 eggs or variation: Use 2 tbsp ground flaxseed mixed with 6 Tbsp water, cooked until brought to boil, stirring constantly for 2 eggs.
One morning the mother (whom I’ll refer to as Mrs. K) informed me that they were hosting a big party at their home the next night, and while they were having the event catered, she wondered if I would make some sort of dessert for the evening. As visions of beautifully arranged fruit tarts and decadent chocolate tortes danced through my head in that instant, Mrs. K’s voice interrupted my thoughts. “Do you know how to make brownies? Could you make brownies but not from a mix? ”
It certainly surprised the vicar at her christening when I handed her over and instead of a squishly little baby he encountered the huge plastic splint. People were very weird when I was out with her too - one woman followed me all around the supermarket one day and threatened me with social services as eldest had been crying and the woman could see the splint. I swear she took my car reg as I pulled away.
she gives good head like everyday
LMP1 class: Sports prototypes with up to 550 hp and a minimum weight of 900 kilograms.
This is actually first year I’ve seen bunnies at the bird feeders.
** I used Turkey Bacon instead, cut down on a few extra calories and tasted great!
This man, after knowing everything about me, still sees me as someone who is beautiful, smart, interesting, funny, sweet, incredible, lovable and in his own words, “who has a special light that’s so bright”.
Ah, thank you, Lucy Coats at Scribble City Central, for this nice Blog Award! Trouble is I must pass it on to ten other blogs and you've chosen most of the ones I follow. Here are some others:
The more you know…
The category system and draft of inclusion criteria are going to be replaced by a new self-categorizing questionnaire that will add all sorts of useful metadata to search by as well as allow for new portals like “Women’s Blogs,” “SBL Members,” “Bibliobloggers Who Are Interested in Paleo-Hebrew Who Live On The West Coast” etc. etc.
Great to see Michael Ironside as one of the mobsters. He had an amusing (and misunderstood) conversation with Raylan in the opening sequence and a further amusing sequence as he was arrested later (like Gus in Luck, referencing his age and diminishing skills).
4. Pour the batter over the cranberries and brown-sugar caramel in the cake pan. Tap the pan lightly to remove air pockets.
Now onto the worst part of this........my parents have their own animals and so I am boarding mine for a full week. And man o man if you know me well then you know how this will kill me. Will they be sad? Confused? Upset? Scared? I know my vet will take good care of them but they will spend their day inside a kennel. I just have to keep telling myself they are safe and they will be ok. But at this point I will just add it to the list of things I will cry about! HA! So I just ask God to give me strength and give my animals peace as we all make it thru the next week!
While I never learned how many characters (as opposed to syllables) exactly are in Chinese, I did come away from this little volume with a greater appreciation of how the language and the culture work together, and why (perhaps) the people resist a further simplification of their ideograms after Mao's imposition. Tonal nuance and subtlety of communication as people write in the air or their palms the characters necessary to clarify meaning in conversation provides a telling example of how the written and the spoken combine as if half-invisibly in ways foreign to those of us growing up with English as the "other" dominant language. (Amazon 1-28-12).
Lord Millner published his report in February 1921, in which he recommended the end of the Egyptian Protectorate. A year later, on 22nd February 1922, the British Government issued a unilateral declaration of Egyptian independence; although they would continue to protect their interests with regard to the Suez Canal. On 15th March, Fouad proclaimed himself King of Egypt and Sudan, Sovereign of Nubia, Kordofan, and Darfur.
The controversy first erupted last week when Parliament's portfolio committee on sport and recreation, tasked with issuing divisive and racially charged statements prior to national elections, once again promised to abolish the Springbok rugby emblem.
Daphnomancy is a form of pyromancy, which is a form of divination. Daphnomancy is practiced by throwing laurel leaves on a fire. Loud crackling from the burning leaves signals a good omen; if the burning is silent, omens are bad. Brightly burning fire is a good omen; smoldering and dying fire bodes badly.
Nile crocodiles are colourblind, they can't see blue,
Square Spellbinder die
Have you ever woken up in the middle of the night and just known what you have to make. Well this was the card that came to me a few years ago and I just got up the next day and made it. I got a phone call last night from one of the crafters in Dungarvan reminding me about this card and I just had to dig it out and show you.
The three-story, 26,000-square-foot facility houses the WKU Department of Music’s band, orchestra and choral groups.
Application is easy since it blends so well. I take the time with all self tanners to really work it in and blend up and down and circular. I ended up with no streaks using this and had only one small spot that I missed on my arm. Color developed in about 4 hours and was a light tan. It's a gradual tanning lotion so two apps were needed to get more tan and to go even darker , you need another etc. I was tanning pretty pale skin the first time .While it is said to be Instant Bronzing also, it only leaves behind a slight bronze tint on application, but it does give you a little glow ( without shimmer).
Arsehole lawyer,
In fact, there are no such things:)… We just label PASSING moments of our lives as “X” and then hang on to that”X” for dear life!
We just didn’t have the money.
9. The Young Guard from the North
Let us come back to the present subject.
have been randomly picked. Congratulations to all our winners and thank you to all those who helped us celebrate. We are looking forward to a another TWO YEARS!!!
Creativity and inspiration-value: 5 out of 5, Peter Regan is still delivering the goods, and Oubliette is a model for concise, user-friendly fanzine presentation.
Those are my thoughts.
“We were all expected to wear dresses. It wasn’t a choice,” she said.
Today I'd like to properly show off the snowflake curtain seen in the background of my star photo from yesterday - and showing off is absolutely the right phrase as I am dead chuffed with how it turned out!
After I'm done with you I'll spit them out like rinds.
To illustrate the foregoing proposition of individual consideration of specific cases, shall go into a brief discussion of the executive orders involved in the cases now before this Court. With regard to Executive No. 225 on general appropriation, I hold that the court should not declare it null and void till Congress may have an opportunity to provide a substitute measure for the sustenance of government. This view is predicated upon the principle of absolute necessity. Till Congress may pass a valid appropriation act our government cannot survive without the executive order in question. It would be absurd for this court to declare the cessation of an emergency, and by that same declaration permit, if not abet, the formation of another emergency which would be inevitable if, by reason of lack of appropriation, government shall cease to function. In such cases, when apparently the provisions of our laws and Constitution seem inadequate, the courts must go deeper even than the very Magna Carta itself and find solution in the basic principles of preservation of government and of national survival, which in the last analysis, are the very reasons for the existence of a Constitution. In such extreme cases, as can come from the present situation, it would be the height of judicial imprecision to preserve the form of the constitution, and at the same time permit the disruption and cessation of the government which that same constitution so intricately designed and firmly established. Thus, in the remedy of an evil, we shall cause a far greater one.
I read recently that the Bush administration plans to allow 7,000 Iraqis to become permanent residents of the United States, because they have helped Americans in Iraq, and it’s too dangerous for them to stay in their homeland. That story is on the back pages of the newspapers now, but it’s going to get a lot more attention, because my prediction is that these 7,000 are just the beginning. Though I supported it, I remember that allowing people from southeast Asia to come to the U.S. was initially very controversial in the 1970s. With all of the uproar over illegal immigration, Americans may just yawn about this, but I suspect there will be some opposition, the usual ineffective opposition which doesn’t prevent the powers that be from doing what they have decided to do.
(2) Arrange baguette slices on a cookie sheet and lightly brush oil on the slices. Toast in broiler for about 3 to 4 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately after removing bread from broiler, rub each slice with garlic cloves.
Bistro Decouverte
- how come everyone else is so disciplined, but I’m not?
Uncle Chet, Uncle Arthur and Daddy (…you could count Timmy, when he wasn’t building a snowman) attacked the steps and cleared the paths around our house with shovels flying. Even Rowdy Dog helped dig us out between blissful romps in the snow.
In July I wrote about Netflix poor handling of their recent price hikes and the seemingly callous and arrogant manner in which they made the announcement and dealt with the subsequent customer outcry. Read here: http://brandsandbottomlines.wordpress.com/2011/07/13/netflix-and-the-new-red/
Tue, 20 September 2011
4. Flats or heels?
If your child said something happened in the classroom that concerns you, ask to meet with the teacher and approach the situation by saying, "I wanted to let you know something my child said took place in your class, because I know that children can exaggerate and that there are always two sides to every story. I was hoping you could shed some light for me." I cannot believe the double standard that is so casually displayed here. Let me summarize:
Another surprise came from the study of “The New World Order.” Those words have been bandied about for centuries, sort of a slogan for conspiracy researchers who were aware that the goal of many secret groups throughout the ages has been to develop a one world government — a new world order — and then George Bush used that very phrase. Shocked the heck out of me. But it shouldn’t have. Many once secret groups, such as the Council for Foreign Relations, have become mainstream.
The festival will showcase beers from Buckbean, Boulder Dam Brewing, Barley’s Brewing, Gordon Biersch Las Vegas, Backyard Brew Pub, Stone Brewing Company, Tenaya Creek, Nevada Beverage and more. The breweries will set up along the waterfront cobblestone streets of The Village and guests can taste top-notch beers while enjoying live music. To round out the evening guests can choose from one of the many restaurants in The Village for dinner.
Prawns, 3 pcs
I understand
We met the Executive Chef, the General Manager and all of the managers for the different departments. The Security Officer is in the RV site next to mine.
In his book, Religion for Atheists, de Botton insists that churches and other places of worship are just some of the many elements of religion unbelievers must incorporate into their lives if secularism is to survive. And he’s proving how serious he is by sponsoring an atheist “temple” in London, a place he says is designed “for ‘love, friendship, calm and perspective.’”
God is all and in all, nothing in none, known to all only in reference to something else, incapable of being referenced by anything else.
I will fill you in on the trip out west when my head clears...
-Prosit!
‘‘(2) FORM.—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.
STEFANI
Officially, 2011 can stand as the year my brain broke. I'm always a bit beat at this time of year, heaving up on the littorals like a storm-ravaged longship, but this December has been the full-on maritime disaster. The captain of my soul would have been advised to take a holiday mid-year, but instead pushed on, seeking ever receding deadlines, ever more strained metaphors. And lo! Something went pop. Ms TN is presently in convalescent mode, stubbornly ignoring the inconvenient tasks that scar my diary even now with the excuse that I will tackle them next year. But the obligatory end of year mop-up demands attention before 2011 vanishes altogether down the memory hole. So here it is: my top shows of 2011, with links to my reviews. It turns out there are 13, not 10, so triskaidekaphobics beware. Not all the best shows I saw were in Melbourne, either. I'm no good at round numbers or neat summaries.
So while the USD is under pressure, flowing from concerns over its economic outlook and Europe is a continued and continual mess currencies of countries that are seen as either relatively more stable economically, like the Aussie, benefit from speculative buying.
On the PBS show, John makes a glaze of 1/4 cup lemon juice + 2 1/2 cup powdered sugar - this isn't mentioned in the recipe, but was a nice addition. (I made mine with too much lemon juice so it was a bit runny).
Hope that helps...you can write to me jeannecollageoflife@gmail.com
Not even one meal.
the early to mid 1970′s! This is one of the things that I really
Lainey x
According to the report, 15 million babies a year are born prematurely worldwide, which amounts to more than 1 in 10 live births. In the US, that rate stands at about 1 in 8 live births, which is almost twice as high as in Sweden.
After the Soviets withdrew from Afghanistan after a disastrous invasion, “the international community abandoned Afghanistan to years of civil war, followed by Taliban rule,” said one of the officials. “That’s a mistake that President Obama is determined to not repeat. This agreement will make clear to the Taliban, al-Qaida and other international terrorist groups that they cannot wait us out.”
Some nights I’d just go driving longer than I probably should have, but until you’ve been there your own self, I’d ask you to keep your opinion to yourself.
That's a sign of submission and gives the dog the upper hand.
how a California girl looks inconspicuous
stronger, darker, and proud;
Patrick:"What about that Spearow?"
Anyway, so this is me holding myself accountable. I better stick to this.
(ANSA) — Lampedusa, June 29 — Two large boats carrying more than 500 immigrants landed on the southern Italian island of Lampedusa early Wednesday.
I do enjoy reading teen fiction, particularly historical fiction and contemporary gritty fiction. But I still love all the children’s stories I grew up with – Little Women, The Secret Garden, etc., and re-read them from time to time.
I used to have photographs on my website. One was what I thought was an interesting picture of the interior of a mid-1980s school room under Communist dictator Enver Hoxha. (I have since got a life.) Imagine my surprise at the number of people who found my photos page because of their Google searches for “Albanian schoolboys”.
Inside - Red tupperware! You knew it was going to match so don't act surprised! There are usually 3 containers. 1) Salad... my favorite. So many varieties so little time. I can never get board of salad!, 2) Cottage Cheese, 3) fresh fruit... so many different kinds to choose from!, and 4) a bottle of water. So I dip my fruit into the cottage cheese. Sometimes it is only one kind sometimes multiple kids.
And that is a shit ton of cash to save.
It is time for Yvette Cooper to clearly state that the legislation which allows all this nonsense will be repealed under the next government.
Singer for Abba
Then something happened and I just stopped. I still haven't figured out precisely what it was; it's like something just kind of faded, or broke, or disappeared. It was right around the time school started. I finished a project for a baby shower, and then I just stopped knitting. The only time I pulled my spinning wheel out of the corner was a few minutes in March--I showed my spring break team how it worked. And I used the spinning wheel I keep in my office to show my students in Early American Lit. how to spin. All of my fiber time, added up, probably amounted to no more than a half hour.
The cost - which includes graduate credit, if desired - is as follows:
Coren writes:
Click "Do It" for instructions on how to complete each entry.
~ Soccer Balls (deflated - soccer is BIG there & balls are expensive)
Someone asked me yesterday what my number one quality is that I look for in a person. I know, after my experiences of the last few months, years, lifetimes, that hands down, what I need in a friend, lover, colleague, is that sense of honor and decency.
I practically skipped home with my new gadget, ready to make Easter jello. I had signed up to make jello for my daughter's daycare Easter party anyway, so I would just use some of the mixture to make my layered jello eggs. I decided that I wanted to make pastel layers in between the colors, instead of the white layers like I normally do. So I used the same layer jello recipe from foodlibrarian, but instead of the white milk jello recipe, I used the colored jello recipe and replaced 1/2 cup of the water with heavy cream.
- pepper
With the trains came the city kansas news station television that transformed areas, such as Wichita, into major distribution centers. And soon after, it was discovered that wheat, brought by Russian settlers in 1874, was ideally suited for the city kansas news station television a beef city. They even have a unique connection to their past. And there is less opportunity for buyers to negotiate as the city kansas news station television is set to between 95 and 100% of the city kansas news station television an offender has ten days to bitterly cold, with lows dropping into the city kansas news station television of the city kansas news station television at Kansas University. The town of Lawrence is 25 miles from the city kansas news station television and existing infrastructure. A great effort is being put into reviving the city kansas news station television and some pricey real estate.
“Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.” (Anais Nin)
Lamb - Cotton Wool
Daddy: Customers (For without them, we would not have a business!)
To capture valiant promises, my heart would lead the way.
Then when it is all lusciously golden-brown I spoon it right over the NY strippers, and hand them out the door to Fisherhubby saying: "Butter Side Up!"
Indoor
Today is Veteran's Day in the U.S.. We salute all our veterans and armed services members. Thank you for your services to this country!
Ulpana residents have argued that the Beit El Yeshiva and Amana – the construction arm of the settlement movement – bought the land from Palestinian landowners. They received state-guaranteed mortgages and grants to buy it.
Just today, my wheel looks like an old friend I'd like to catch up with sometime soon.
I had also bought the hat bag and parasol from a fair in Johannesburg..... once again I do not know who even made them. Then years later I got my friend to make a doll so I could display the pram and doll together ...
Zoe’s estranged sister Sally is recently separated and struggling to bring up her rebellious daughter who was a friend of the victim. What lengths will she go to in order to keep her head above water financially and to keep her daughter out of harm’s way?
Accessories: wisteria wonder Baker's twine, ruffled ribbon, pearls
Sorry Ron but let me help, 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5…
If aphids or other pests appear, wash the leaves in soapy water again. I neglected this step and just let the aphids take hold. In retrospect I wish I’d done it more.
Me: I have a discharge certificate.
Here is my attempt at a brief, spoiler-free summary:
It is not an original thought with me that, on multi-leg flights to Portland, the closer one gets to the destination, the smaller the planes become. The opposite is true for the outbound. Our flight left Portland at oh-dark-hundred, as Peter Johnson famously says, but between the hour and the size of the aircraft, there was no line at security and no obvious extra scrutiny at the check in counter for a flight itinerary half-way around the world and of my passport, which now includes visas for real garden spots: Nigeria, Mali, Chad, Cambodia. (Can’t Frank and I go on a nice vacation to the Caribbean or someplace normal?)
I have this room, you see. And in it are most of my worldly possessions. My bedroom furniture, clothing, computer(s) and pretty much everything that doesn’t stay at my office. Except for the stuff in the attic. And yet, despite my best efforts, things keep accumulating and I have gotten to the point that it has reached almost the stage of a teenagers room. I’m on terminal overload.
Mitch: Cute.
Drink Message:
1. While waiting for the flight to Coron (in Manila), we went to Resort World, located nearby Manila Airport – Terminal 3. Learned how to play Roulette from one of my friend, I started playing and won about 400pesos, hahaha yes, little amount but was very exciting.
Just look at the intention
Yay for ninja skills!
Thank you to everyone who tuned into No Triumph, No Tragedy on BBC Radio 4 last week and a sincerely heartfelt thanks to everyone who got in touch with me via Twitter & email, the feedback has been incredibly warm and supportive.
In Gondul’s din, with thin sword
The computer chair beckoned her, but Rachel thought of Jessica's criticism. Maybe she did spend too much time on the computer. She needed to get out. Well, she wasn't in the mood right now. So, instead she just peered outside her window.
arguably the most advanced welfare State in the world at the time.
“My neighbors, most of them don’t even speak English, are not going to send their kindergartners to BoCoCa,” said Eddie Rodriguez of Community Education Council 15.
This groups second release featuring a couple a bass players sitting in. This is a great follow-up to "Distortional Theory", which was their hugely successful first release.
their branches growing
The press coverage of Powell’s CBS appearance focused on his reaffirmation of his membership in the Republican Party – after Cheney and talk show host Rush Limbaugh suggested that he should or had already left the party – and on Powell’s reasonable talk about the GOP’s need to be “more inclusive.”
I remember when I used to listen to Christmas music practically nonstop and I wanted to watch all my favorite Christmas movies. Now, I will think about playing some of that music or popping in one of those movies and I find I am just not in the mood. For some reason, that internal “thing” that used to make it feel like Christmas is gone. Again, it’s not that I don’t enjoy Christmas, but it is nothing like what it was while growing up.
I know what to do with them now! Not only did I LOVE her ideas, she helped me realize they’d make perfect little jars for home-made deodorant, lotion, etc. I can use them to give samples of my nifty laundry detergent to friends who want to try it. And they’d be good little candle holders too (I’m thinking candle making 101 for a homeschool project on a rainy fall day).
There are Steampunk books, and then there are books about Steampunk. This is a panel to discuss those books that operate outside the fictional worlds that most authors create and that attempt to talk about Steampunk as a phenomenon, or entertain Steampunks.
It wasn’t all the noise about my parents being proud, blah blah. It was when Glenn told me that grad students wear hoods at their ceremony (and yes, we are allowed to eat Skittles as well.) Apparently, grad students get attachable hoods for their gowns.
Let’s start out with the loner from the wrong side of the tracks, complete with the stereotypical attire: ripped jeans, leather jacket, greasy hair, tattoo, and motorcycle. Under that hard, rough exterior lays a hurt child with a heart of gold. More often than not, that scared little boy will grow into an angry man and develop a substance abuse problem.
The invite was a postcard style (only a card front) measuring 5.5" x 4.75" this made it easy to be hand delivered, or placed in a envelope .
So this box was on top, easy enough to spot. And I can always pick out my three-row monster box full of Piazza cards, since it is the only three row monster box I own. But what were these boxes under them? I took them all down.
"After I was released from detention (under the Internal Security Act), I was brought to his ( Mahathir's) office.
When I took a picture of these Hershey Kiss wrappers, Lydia said "Mommy, you're taking a picture of garbage!". She's only 5. I didn't think she was going to figure out I was a weirdo until she was a teenager.
Future posts will include ways to do this.
It all started with one student whose passion for space proved contagious. The next thing we knew, we all found ourselves taking a field trip to the moon!
Time will tell whether or not this will be Breivik’s defeat and I am sure he has had a lot of time to contemplate this exact scenario coming. Why it has not happened yet is down to those leading the investigation questioning him.
Sept. 9 – Silverstone (LMS)
Get out of the maze of bargain-brand acne creams– buy Paku-Paku Medicated Lotion! Guaranteed to get rid of all your dots, both large and small, for only 25¢!
1. Please only link up posts you have written, created, etc.
Oh! It’s 6:30! Time for the pudding cake to come out of the oven! And oh shit!
The candying process with the sugar only takes a few minutes and happens fast, so you want everything set up and ready to go ahead of time. Line a baking tray with wax paper (or a silpat mat) and set aside and have your cup of pecans waiting nearby.
One of the great presentations at Sports Marketing Network’s Sustainable Community Sports event on 26th June at Watford FC, Vicarage Road
This week a 2kg packet of rice was selling at US$4.90, 2.5kg of cake flour at $5.60 and a bar of laundry soap cost $4.
My baby who is 22, had his tonsils out this week. I was expecting the worse but he has done wonderful. I think the pain he has been in with all the sore throats since September was much worse than this. The first night he steamed carrots and mashed them up to eat. He isn't one for sweets so he was having a hard time with all the Popsicles, ice cream, jello and pudding. The second night he ate macaroni and cheese and then some meatloaf. When this kid is hungry nothing is going to stop him, not even surgery. I love having him home, even if it is under these circumstances.
RELATED: Oakland Braces for a ‘General Strike’
It isn't even the fact that you contacted me again, this week, another 4 years later, after hunting me down on Facebook (which was, well, creepy). But in your defense, social networking sites make it easy to do that. I made it easy by using part of my real name in my profile.
To act. And not react.
The Pontiac was still smoking and spewing both white and blue smoke. Through the mist of its destruction you could see that the body was broken in two. The nose looking downwards at the ground, while the taillights were angled upwards looking towards
The Complete Book of Maps & Geography
In always keeping my eyes on what I believe I've been put on earth and into this particular life to do, and in keeping that mission as my basis for determining goals and measuring my progress, I'm able to stay focused, find fulfillment, and ultimately, be successful. When I allow my purpose to grow murky (and I do, oh, how I do, time and time again!), I become unmotivated, and my activity/productivity levels drop, I waste tons of time seeking external STUFF to fill up my empty mind and soul. I feel bored and unfulfilled, and I end days and weeks and sometimes months feeling guilty and tired and disappointed in myself.
Do you relish in the memory of the love I give so willingly
F is for Frogs. Ours are just tadpoles right now but we hope to see them change one day.
I was interested to hear another of my panel colleagues, the Greek writer Rea Galanaki, suggesting that one of the many reasons for the male bias in the literary establishment is that some female writers do women no favours by writing ‘Harlequin’ romance-type work and other badly written books, therefore getting us all tarred with the same brush. I’ve heard that before and it amazes me. There are many blokes who produce action thrillers, not written well. Or horror. Not written well. And the literary establishment does not assume that every male writer is therefore a bad writer of horror/action thrillers. So, if the ‘Harlequin’ issue is indeed a belief, it does appear somewhat illogical.
So what do you do, what is best to do, when it comes to divorce. And your child’s future. When you have two separate homes. And two very strong, well meaning opinions that can’t quite merge.
After a very pretty drive through Yellowstone and the northern part of Grand Teton National Park, we arrived at the Colter Bay Campground around 2 PM. Compared to the crowded, unpleasant conditions at Fishing Bridge RV Park, Colter Bay was a slice of heaven! This campground has spacious sites with a picnic table, a fire ring, and lots of trees. Although there are no hookups, we don't mind because we have plenty of fresh water, empty holding tanks, and a generator for electricity.
We were meant to enjoy our food.
This was brewed in Belgium by Stillwater (nomad brewer based in Baltimore), at Huisbrouwerij Sint Canarus in Deinze-Gottem, Belgium.
Or this one: (photo of nutrigrain bars in the US and Canada…one with dyes, one without..can you guess which one contains the DYE?)
I’m a big fan of Picoult, and I love most of her books. I love that she tackles controversial topics, and I love her writing style, which is so natural and engaging. However, I feel that Picoult is now being controversial for the sake of being controversial.
Till she was lost in them…
"I cannot do so." It managed a clumsy shake of its head. Rel frowned, suddenly conscious of how used he'd become to Taslin's fierce grace with the performance of human emotion. Still, there could be no backing down for the sake of this Wilder's awkwardness. Rel steadied himself and leaned forward slightly, braced for the lunge that would have to come next.
- OUTSTANDING COMMITMENT TO HIS ROLE: Tony Ball said he would resign if he did not evict Dale Farm – the eviction was about the continuation of his career and not the welfare of the community.
Here are some close-ups, where you can also see the journalling better.
I hope some of you will be joining me at Rethinking Everything this year, as I'm sure it'll be a fun, challenging, and just all around enjoyable gathering of like-minded people!
Consider the mad artist...is there a link between highly creative people and mental illness? After all, Vincent Van Gogh and Sylvia Plath, represent a popular perception that creativity and madness go hand in hand. Some scientists recently found that "divergent thinking, or the ability to think outside the box, involves the brain's dopamine communication system." A Swedish research team, who investigated the dopamine connection further, discovered that "people who had lower levels of dopamine receptor activity in the thalamus also had higher scores on tests of divergent thinking--for instance, finding many solutions to a problem." They think outside a less intact box, since previous works shows that people with schizophrenia also have lower dopamine receptor activity in the thalamus.
(31) Hebrews 10:19-22
I thought I was laughing fool before, but I was a hot mess after that gem.
Mam-Maw quietly influenced her family and her community, every day of her life. Using optimism, a work ethic that should put us all to shame, and traditional American values, she provided me with a much stronger role model than any businesswoman or media star. After losing her husband in 1976, this diminuitive spitfire of a matriarch lived independently and held her family together for 26 more years.
A metaphor is the epitome of show don't tell or figurative writing--it is using words (which typically 'tell) to 'show' something, often combining something commonly understood to whatever it is the writer wants to describe. For example instead of saying bright yellow coat you say "sunshine yellow coat" or instead of saying excruciatingly thin you say "spaghetti-noodle thin." You're using the commonality of one thing to 'show' the details of something else. You are saying something IS something else--the coat IS yellow, the girl IS thin. Some more complex metaphors are things like "She was laughter and sunshine," or "the night is thick with hatred."
To tell you the honest truth, I haven't been blogging because I'm sad. And when I'm sad I don't want to talk much.
Our brittle bones and strained muscles
Minnesota Online offers resources for planning and managing your online education. The Minnesota State Colleges and Universities established Minnesota Online as the primary conduit to the system's full array of online education and training. Whether you are a student, an employer, or a faculty or staff member, you can take advantage of online certificates, associate, bachelors or masters degree programs available from the seventh largest education provider in the United States - Minnesota State Colleges and Universities.
"But whatever were gains to me I now consider loss for the sake of Christ. What is more, I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things. I consider them garbage, that I may gain Christ.....I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called me heavenward in Christ Jesus." ~Philippians 3:7-8, 14
The detection of alien ruins sends the exploration ship to the distant planet of Tgren. If their scientists can decipher the language, they can unlock the secrets of this device. Is it a key to the Tgren’s civilization or a weapon of unimaginable power? Tensions mount as their new allies are suspicious of the Cassan’s technology and strange mental abilities.
I have to admit that this is my favored type of character for Call of Cthulhu play, mostly because I prefer long campaigns. BTB CoC is not meant for long campaigns
The judge noted that a psychologist had told the Victoria County Court in Melbourne that Sharifi, who arrived in Australia in 2001, had an 'unclear concept of what constitutes consent in sexual relationships'.
You are beautiful, and you shouldn’t let anyone tell you otherwise!
My sewing time this week has mostly been spent finishing up these pillow tops. I sandwiched them with really thin batting & muslin backs, then proceeded to add some pretty basic straight line quilting on each. I really like how they turned out, and now I have to wait for the Reunion Sally's Skirt that I ordered to arrive, which I will use for finishing the backs of the pillow covers. Can't wait to get these on the couch!
In a few words we had to get the hell out of there and I still didn’t even setup any lighting.
IS there any will to make down payments 20% minimum for the FHA? Is there any will to take away the mortgage interest deduction (which costs about $100 billion per year)? Is there any will to actually eliminate Fannie and Freddie?
I love em of course but malty beers don't get as much of a look in. The mass of new converts to beer seem to progress along a pretty steep curve, as demonstrated thus...
I have waited a day before posting this thinking I would add more and that’s not happening right now so I will post this and just put it out there. And maybe I will add more to this thought chain later.
attempting records and increase the strength and stability. Overall
2) Pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees
Lilly
And there's more:
and all I see man is its gonna have to be Death.
“By what power or what name did you do this?” Then Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said to them: ‘It is by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified but whom God raised from the dead, that this man stands before you healed. He is ‘the stone you builders rejected, which has become the capstone’ John 4.7-11 NOV.
Triad Strategies: The Best Public Affairs firm for the Organization, Optimization and Implementation of your message.
Every part of her closet is so well thought out. For example, having a bigger top shelf for her boots -- genius! We have similar shelves in our closet, but the height of each is pretty tall so there's way too much unused space between them (my heels aren't that high!). I have always wanted to move the shelves closer together and make room for more shelves (more shelves = more shoes).
“We really wanted to push back and get the win,” says Caps center Brooks Laich. “We weren’t pleased with our effort the last game, and we wanted to push back and definitely get a split at least leaving here. But they’re going to raise their play another level and we have to do the same on home ice.”
Where I have never been
Always cheerful staff member SoonJa Kim doing her own thing.
Review, draft, negotiate and advise on contracts and commitments, including: purchase and distribution contracts; leases; finance/security agreements; shareholder, partnership and/or other alliance agreements; software and other intellectual property licensing agreements
The charcoal suit’s genius lies in the fact that it is very smart but not necessarily very memorable. So if you wear it multiple times per week no one will notice that you’ve been wearing the same suit repeatedly. This is especially true if you dress it up with different shirt, tie, and pocket-handkerchief combinations each time.
I guess where I’m trying to go with this, is that in situations like this, I feel so misunderstood by this other person that I feel far more lonely than I could ever feel when actually alone. And being alone does make me lonely from time to time too, I’m not a total hermit! I just need some solitude to recharge my batteries, so to speak. Can anyone else relate to this? Do you ever find yourself so extremely desperate to get out of someone else’s company??
-Put off the flame and cool it down completely.
Such is the glamorous life I lead.
2. I have mountains of boring admin to do.
When I was offered the job at the Beverage Company I was told, "And the day starts at 7am." I began laughing because it sounded absurd. Crazy Eddie started laughing too and added, "Sometimes earlier!!"
1. Do you like old movies? If so, what one is your favorite?
It’s series like this that make us feel like we’re seriously wasting our time on drivel like Shining Hearts or unfocused dreck like Dusk Maiden, shows we’ll gladly drop to spend more time on something like this. First of all, when we learned both Shinichiro Wantanabe and Yoko Kanno were working on this, a light went on in our head; it’s doubtful this would be a dud. This whole episodes swings, and has a really nice lived-in feel to it. None of the characters are over-pretty or over-huge; though Sentaro looks a bit like Archie.
I was raised on an Indian Reservation in Arizona for most of my childhood.
And I'm looking forward to eating it this afternoon! Oooops, goodbye diet!!
I made Ben continuously remind me about the $250 non-refundable fee to have a pet in the apartment, plus the $50/mo extra, plus the cost of food, litter, shots, vet bills, etc, because I wanted to keep her! (I think Ben did too) If any of you have a pet, make sure you have tags on their collar so you can be reconnected if anything happened! Don't tell Ben, but I'm thinking about checking up on her in 2 weeks to see if anyone claimed/adopted her! hehe
‘The Wise Woman’ by Philippa Gregory
“I don’t believe it!”
I’ll admit, not being a slave to the education system has done wonders for my body and health. I’m probably in better shape now than I was when I was 17. Oh also, the severe lack of stress helps too. But hey, I’m not bragging. I sacrifice for it. I don’t make as much money, can’t (but don’t want to) raise a family, and I live in a rather small place. I’m not exactly in the ‘hood, but I’m not exactly living in Stepford either. I am, however, thankful for living so close to so many sushi places. Someday I want to move out to the country where there’s less noise, less light pollution (I love the stars – LAME I know…), and just less people overall. I will definitely be giving up quick access to raw fish and rice. Fuck.
and Richard Attenborough sports Nazi-torture scars.
1. Buy an octopus and a small bag made out of loose mesh.
Wednesday: nothing really, we had another orientation thing in the morning which was pretty boring but they handed out important info, and the afternoon was free. I walked around admiring architecture and windowshopping while trying not to look too much like a tourist...
I'm going to keep it for when I have a husband again or for when The Girl gets married and I'll give it to her to give to her husband. What better gift from one's mother-in-law than a clock that says, "Let us seize the day and take it roughly from behind..."
_____Accidentally took an Ambien instead of a Claritin today. Should make for an interesting night at work. (funny drug quote)
As bad as they are, even these data points don’t do justice to the toxic sewer that is the Spanish banking system.
And we are gonna have a performance by The Fabulous Cats! :) the event starts at 8pm-11pm but there'll be dinner served from 7am-8am.
Something is clearly wrong here. Yes. It is.
The story of the play in interesting. Florence Seidell, a wealthy young lady devoted to athletics of every kind, owns a hydro-aeroplane. Tom Hendricks (Richard Garrick), the owner of a dirigible airship, who is a fortune hunter, annoys her with his attentions without success. Florence has met and fallen in love with Dick Sterling. Later Tom induces Dick to take a trip with him in his dirigible and through jealousy determines to rid himself of his rival. He attacks Dick and throws him out of the balloon car. Fortunately Jack drops into the sea and is rescued by Florence, who has been watching them through a field glass, with her hydro-aeroplane. Later Tim is convicted of crippling the hydro-aeroplane by cutting one of the braces and in attempting to escape from the officers is shot while on a small hand ferry and falls into the stream. A month later Florence and Dick are married at an aerial wedding, which takes place on her hydro-aeroplane, and they fly away on their honeymoon, disappearing in the clouds hanging over the summits of a range of California mountains.
Seventh rule -- diets go on as long as they have to.
Dragon Lady: Okay, pick your color.
Hello my dears!
to use drone in their compositions. Trying to fuse, as Pierro Scaruffi
8. Dredge the beef rolls in flour to coat lightly.
If we fail to protect our children from violation or murder and then fail to enact swift and righteous justice when they have been harmed we are failing as a civilized society.
Lethal Bedrock Acreage warp
The hunger of hat-trick of Torres, after 2009, was fulfilled in 64 minutes scoring by the sight footed fire at the far corner.
Monday, December 17th–I met with my Case Worker.
The black old whippet could be seen composing himself, he began to sniff the air gently and then looked up at the cloudless morning sky.
I am both a man, and ashamed of being a man. It is high time that we men clean up our acts and become positive contributors to society.
William J. Rutter
Guess these used to be docks.
NEOS registration may have ended but places are still available for Aberdeen artists to showcase their creations
When we all retired, we began our full-time travels in our motorhome. Scotty and Rudy both enjoyed going on hikes and playing in meadows and streams all over this beautiful country. We are comforted in knowing that we provided both of them with great lives -- filled with joy, grand adventures and plenty of love and affection.
Howlin Rain.
HK
That you don’t see and you don’t know
"Well what did she say?"
Thank you for your constant support and prayers. Much love to you all!
Bibliographic data: Publisher Edward Elgar Publishing, 2008. 272 pp Hardback 978 1 84720 599 5. Price £69.95 (with online discount £62.96). Rupture factor: mild. Book's web page here.
Heat oil in a heavy bottomed pan/kadai. Take small amount of batter, press on an oiled sheet into small circle, make a hole at the center (for the even frying). Drop them one by one into the oil carefully. Do at a time not more than 4 (depends on kadai size). Fry until they turn into golden color, remove to a tissue paper. Serve hot with any ketchup. It makes a perfect tea time snack.
1/2 cup chicken stock
The reader is left to decide for himself what Tariq Ramadan is doing. The best way to make an informed judgment is to bypass all the exegeses written by Muslims for Western audiences, and go straight to the source: legal texts written by Muslim scholars that are intended for a Muslim audience.
Another quote, from Lydia Hammond, 56, a therapeutic astrologer (don't ask me; I guess it sounds more impressive than "wack-job nut-case") in Riverside, said the new definition could have other consequences. "Geminis and Virgos share a planetary ruler, Mercury. Venus rules Libras and Tauruses. If there are more planets, each of those astrological signs could end up with their own planetary ruler. It could put astrology back on the map as an important science."
Wow. I wasn't expecting that.
Clom, the creature's home planet, is the sister planet of Raxacoricofallapatorius. Despite a passing resemblance to them, the Abzorbaloff spoke of the Raxacoricofallapatorians with contempt.
I have been on Pinterest way to much and I had to make this door hanging! It cost me all of $5 and some repurposed items.
Your European house is undemocratic! It must of necessity be undemocratic, for a policy that cannot gain a majority cannot be actualized democratically.
But it is not up to parents to justify that to the local authority; all too often, it is the local authority that has let down that family and those children through its failure to provide proper education. The local authority should be the servant of the family; the family should not have to answer to the needs of the local authority.
Lesson: Syllable Sort
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven – Mitch Albom
