I was going to kill the roach.
Allow the rice to heat up and absorb the spices and soy sauce, tossing to help it along.
I followed as far as my eyes would let me see...and then I smiled. So what was it telling me? Well, it gave me comfort to know that a small organized, purposeful force can effect a large, chaotic force without focus. That was the gist of the message for me.
Well another month has passed and I have two pieces to give a little love to this week. I’ll paste the original and then add my comments after:
The result? They were moist and chewy, and we ate them right up. But, I felt they could have used more chocolate flavor. As Xani points out, though, if I wanted chocolate, we should have made Bodega BROWNIES. Next time.
Dr. Little joined the Swanson School of Engineering in 2006 where his research focuses on the controlled release of drugs. He holds the Bicentennial Board of Visitors Endowed Faculty Fellowship and also retains appointments in the McGowan Institute of Regenerative Medicine and in the Swanson School’s Department of Bioengineering. Recently, he was elected Chair of the Drug Delivery Special Interest Group in the Society for Biomaterials.
Email marketing is a difficult one. The issue being that you send out 1000 emails to ‘relevant’ professionals, but in all likeliness irritate 200 of them. We’ve been trying different variations of our marketing email and following the progress on Google Analytics. Wording is everything, but it can’t be too long. Pictures can interest people, but also make them delete the email without even reading it – Its a very difficult balancing act. We’ve not got any direct work from email marketing, but have had some good conversations with like minded professionals and have no doubt made some important contacts for a later date.
2000- Father and Daughter
I'm Dr. Laura Schlessinger. I'll be right back.
Even in my state of dread, the Gare du Nord was a fascinating place. People of all shapes and sizes and colors dashed by, racing for trains, or the exit, or vanishing down the same escalator that Doug had gone down. Pigeons swooped overhead in the soaring open ceiling. A little knot of French soldiers stood near me, with rifles and hats. The clock ticked on. 3:15.
It seems that he and his policies have nothing to do with the current state of things. Sure, presidents are ordinarily held accountable for economic growth, unemployment, national indebtedness (see Obama, above). But not this time. Responsibility, you see, lies with the rich.
Necklace posted previously featuring white howlite and white coral beads.
That being said, there are voices in the Bible that declare ritual sacrifice to be a divine system that humanity must follow. Both views are present in the Bible. Therefore, one must decide which voice, which story to follow—the story that requires ritual sacrifice to save us from our sin or the story that saves us from the sin of ritual sacrifice. So, how do we choose?
kraft flower with button
Messing around in Photoshop Elements 8, I've turned this alluring picture of Hannah into a impressionistic painting. Here is an earlier attempt of one of the promotional models from the photographic trade show. But I don't think it has worked very well. Possibly because I used several software packages, including iPhoto, Picasa and Picnik, rather than the one.
He hurried along the road, laboriously, clutching the leather briefcase to his chest, cursing the weather and his own weakness. Again, he hasn’t had the courage to stand his ground in front of Mr. Heath, the notary, his employer. What document could have been so important for its dispatch to suffer no delay on a night as wretched as this one?
Ducrois and Valpato, View of Temple of Sibyl at Tivoli
Such divers down-right lines, such overthwarts,
In late December 2006, shortly before being sworn in as lieutenant governor, Paterson said that if he ever succeeded Spitzer as governor, he and Nelson A. Rockefeller would have something besides the governorship in common: great difficulty in reading. Rockefeller was dyslexic, which Paterson compared to his blindness. During his time as Lieutenant Governor, Paterson also served as an adjunct professor at Columbia University’s School for International and Public Affairs.
Melt margarine in large skillet and add onions and bell peppers and saute 5-7 minutes until tender. Add garlic and saute an additional minute.
So, I made the executive decision to skip the aqua class, and wait until it cooled down to take Sofi on a really long, 45-minute walk. It was great for both of us. After the walk, I noticed lots of roses and other plants in my garden that needed some TLC, so I spent some time dead-heading and watering. All told, I burned 571 calories anyway.
I could find you a host of crackpots sounding off on Woman the Insatiable Temptress, but I’m staying mainstream with Qaradawi, who commands a huge audience on and off the satellite channels. Although he says female genital mutilation (which he calls “circumcision,” a common euphemism that tries to put the practice on a par with male circumcision) is not “obligatory,” you will also find this priceless observation in one of his books: “I personally support this under the current circumstances in the modern world. Anyone who thinks that circumcision is the best way to protect his daughters should do it,” he wrote, adding, “The moderate opinion is in favor of practicing circumcision to reduce temptation.” So even among “moderates,” girls’ genitals are cut to ensure their desire is nipped in the bud — pun fully intended. Qaradawi has since issued a fatwa against female genital mutilation, but it comes as no surprise that when Egypt banned the practice in 2008, some Muslim Brotherhood legislators opposed the law. And some still do — including a prominent female parliamentarian, Azza al-Garf.
It seems that Nick Walkley, CEO of Barnet has enough time on his hands to harrass Barnet Traders and get the police to visit them when they put out leaflets he doesn't like. It seems tha roads chief Brian Coleman has enough time on his hands to harrass traders in their own shops -
(Here come the photos!)
Until today when the Chinook winds blew in the warmth and sun. I have cabin fever something awful and yearn to get out and explore like we did before the baby was born. The baby isn't actually keeping me from exploring, it's my own perception that "it's hard to get out with a baby." Which it's not, really. She's a mellow little trooper. So we headed down to Pueblo Reservoir, as we were curious as to what it's like.
FG 1.013
Yellow (12): posts for Anna's blog, titled Anna's Aphorisms.
125g butter or marg
NAUGHTY INCARNATION #2
So, yes, here we are in Canada. We arrived in Toronto on Thursday and since then we have been trying to get used to the time difference, trying to sleep, trying to wake up and generally just being confused and a little delirious. We are staying with relatives just outside the city for now and so we have been meeting up with various family members over the past few days. We've had dinner with the oldest uncle and got to know the newest cousin (only 3 months of age). h has been enjoying being the big grown-up one for a change - I can't quite believe that the big hand on this picture belongs to our little girl!
Upon cracking open my first can of TAB and pouring it over ice, it smelled like any other soda. It had a heck of a carbonated head while pouring, but quickly dissipated after the glass was full. What I was worried about, was what kind of aftertaste it would leave after drinking it. I was pleasantly surprised to find the aftertaste or "feel", that coats your mouth after drinking most diet soda's was nominal.
I went to our local Wal-mart to do some quick shopping at lunch. I was walking to the produce isle to get some tomatoes for our dinner. I glanced over at one of the freezer doors and there was some new frozen dinners from Lean Cuisine. They just happened to be Chinese food, which I love. So I thought those would be good for lunch. I reached in a grabbed a couple of boxes and before I could blink, the whole shelf of frozen dinners fell on the floor. Oh how embarrassed I was. Well if you know me I can laugh just as loud at myself as I can someone else. So I just started laughing. This worker came over to my rescue with a great comment about how he bet I only wanted one of those. Yep it's true I said. He got down on his knees and picked up everyone of the dinners. He told me ma'am I got this you can go finish your shopping.
The Beta Band were a folk pop group well before Mumford and Sons made it cool... A little too weird and wonderful to be mainstream successes however this is what people loved them for... gigs often took on a spiritual happening with the band swapping instruments as they went along
Do you really need ______ or whatever it is you're about to buy?
"Oh my oh my oh my, look at you all grown up! What a pretty girl you are! My, my how time flies."
4 (4 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Juxtapose those bony hips
Staff member: He must of said this before an evidence came to light.
- Potential financial return but not for the next two years as no dividend will be paid until at least 2013
reise know-how
The court house is impressive with its turrets and clock tower. It is also the site of a very important event in US labor history. In the late 19th century, this area was a major producer of anthracite coal. A workers' strike in 1902 was ended with the nation's first non-violent government intervention.
My life is getting more and more busy with a thousand and one things always on the To Do List.
Grassroots Strategy
We gotta beat these wide-boy rockers so I can just let go and sing!"
Back where they’s nothin’ aggervatin’ any more,
ENERGY & ENVIRONMENT
Moonshine may be a tasty dram; I've never had it. But that's not the point. The problems are all in the name. First: If there is one thing that drives whiskey nerds nutty, it's the often-willful misuse of the word "moonshine." If it's sold on liquor store shelves, it's not moonshine. If it has a fancy website, chances are it's not moonshine. If its owners were ever arrested by the ATF, it might be moonshine. Something tells me that the folks behind this product, "serial entrepreneur" Brad Beckerman and "Internationally renowned barbecue chef" Adam Perry Lang, are not, nor ever have been, wanted by the feds.Not many people get moonshine right. Watman and Risen nail it every time.
Lochana of the CWC in Chamarajanagar said there were conflicting reports about Suma’s banishment, and CWC staff had been sent to Bannisarige village for a probe.
She wants Gail Kim, because she beat Gail last week, so she is here to prove she is not a fluke, and a legitimate threat to Gail’s title. She has more than tremendous ASSets.
Though such long tenure (or having a job at all) is increasingly rare in the modern economy, that’s not the weird part. This, I think, might be: Most of us never talk to each other.
With his attention back toward his TV show, will the stream of content be hindered so much so that Team Coco's social presense dwindles? Or was this all merely a stop gap until he made it back to the airwaves?
like the measles-pox;
Monster descriptions are equally vague: "This barracks holds 40 men. There is a light light dart thrower on the roof." Again, there are many room descriptions like this. Who are these men? How powerful are they? What is their purpose?
syd is laughing, ben is on the verge of tears.
When I was young, we were involved in the local homeschooling community. I made a couple friends, but I found relatively few people to connect with in the largely conservative Christian, school-at-home group. There were plenty of nice people, just not *my* people. Despite that, I enjoyed the company of the friends I had, and never really felt much of a lack...
Having an unwavering faith and belief in God that is grounded in spirit and truth, means I give just that. The truth in a loving and non-judgmental way. And I can’t form it around an opinion to make that truth more likeable for anyone. I can’t even do that for myself. And I don’t. I have to personally hold myself to the truth to tell others the same truth. There is just no wavering on that.
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED!!!
Coming Monday: Brian "The Autograph Card" Flam discusses one of the epic questions facing in-person collectors...Sharpie or Staedtler?
"Of course they are. There are lots of gods. The Father has a glorified body, so does the Son. He took up his exalted body and returned to Heavenly Father after he died on the cross."
For many years now most Alsace wines have been getting sweeter – something of a problem in my opinion with the low acid Gewurztraminer or Pinot Gris. Lots of sugar in these wines can make them seem really unbalanced, in my opinion they need freshness or acidity to show at their best. It seems that this sweetness comes from increased ripeness as a consequence of lower yields, as well as improved ripeness in the vineyards – an example of ‘improvements’ backfiring I think.
Regulation and litigation are sand in the gears of society. Big, sharp, 40 grain silicon carbide abrasive particles that grind the gears and shafts away.
A good way to start looking at personal networks is by mapping out the different layers, or “circles” of relationships in a person’s life. This approach, developed by Jack Pierpoint, Marsha Forest and Judith Snow, looks at relationships as a series of concentric rings around the focal person, where each ring represents different layers of relationships:
William Beadle – The Real Jack the Ripper
While the nomadic way has some benefits like new experiences, risks of faith, and uncharted territory; it also comes with a price tag. With new territory comes the frustration of longterm relationships that are now long range by default. Additionally, you have few connections, no traditions, no trust, and no proven track record in your community if you move around a lot. However when you stay somewhere for a decade or three, like my friend Danny Long has in the small town of Jamul, CA.... what you get is an epic reminder that ministry longevity trumps just about everything.
Sure, there are cheesy examples, like Basil Dearden’s vision of Othello in London’s swinging 60s called All Night Long, which is also the title of a Lionel Richie song. There are also near misses, like film called The Red Shoes (& Elvis Costello’s (The Angels Wanna Wear My) Red Shoes. And the film, The Milky Way, whose title aligns with The Church’s Under the Milky way. In at least one case, Criterion includes a more recent film, if 1993 can be considered recent, named after an older song (Dazed and Confused).
The other guests were an astounding roster of MOR pop people from different eras, all phoning in — Morgan’s show will have none of the wonderful (and eminently watchable) circus-like aspect of King’s show, where everyone talked at once on separate satellite feeds. Thus, Donny Osmond was heard at one point, Paul Anka at another, Gloria Estefan at another, and a member of the Commodores and another gent from a Nineties black boy band to
Having nothing in particular to report with regard to my own family history research, I’ve been digging around the web looking for useful sites to add to this blog and I think I’ve managed to unearth a few! I’ve added them to the Links page. I’ve also sorted through the links and organized them into some kind of order. It’s not easy to do as so many sites carry a little bit of everything! Anyway take a look and let me know how I could improve it and don’t forget let me know if you have any interesting sites I could add.
Pythia's dreams of a magical union
My first Moselle, other than from Luxembourg, and I was impressed, this was not the bland crisp wine I was expecting. This is a wine that delivers a huge amount of pleasure, if I ran a wine bar it is just the sort of wine I would offer. It lovely on its own or with almost any food – 89/100 points.
expectations, then forgiveness this week, not just with
I firmly believe that we already know what we need to know. Sometimes it takes someone else to tease it out of us. And sometimes we just need someone to tell us.
-Nerds are more likely to have close friends since not everyone is into their hobbies
‘In the post-Taliban Afghanistan, the guiding principle of president Karzai regarding women’s rights has been attracting funding from the international community on one hand, balanced against the need to get the support of the Ullema Council and other traditionalists on the other,’ Ms Marifat said.
Anyhoo, off to the beach tonight, a bridal shower tomorrow and hopefully meeting up with my dear friend Carrie on Sunday morning for breakfast. At this rate, though, I'll be hanging out with my new friend, Irene, instead! Maybe you've heard of her!???
This is a 16 x 22 inch rectangular tobacco basket which is a good size, just not the square one like the older ones. Kindly asking $31.00 plus parcel post shipping.
Why didn't you breastfeed your first baby? Concern over the fit with a hectic lifestyle.
Excellent digital radio broadcast. I seem to remember the band played the main stage in the afternoon.
12 - Boogie No More 07:49
given you, at least—you've had your fill, never
The wisdom of Jesus is so great that he didn’t tell Martha to STOP nether did he rebuke her but makes a statement causing her to question her own hearts motivation
but it's what he wants!
There are moments when this novel comes back to haunt me in a pleasant sort of way. The characters are still alive inside my mind and I remember their tragic beauty with great fondness. I also still love how it feels like it has a supernatural current in its depths, but it’s not at all a
/Me aroha noa . What are the next four lines?
This year the transfer comes to $2.28 million. That’s about an $80,000 increase from last year and may take into account last year’s rate hike they imposed and could also include the mandatory recycling fee increase (depends on how that fee can be used – the recycling firm may have demanded more money).
Happy deliberating and planning !!The fun is in the journey!!
Festival Experience and Art Music Teachings.
As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God.
The keg selection included Brewster's Chocolate Cyn and I just had a wary taste of this. I didn't order a full pint, however. Just not enough going on in it. Instead I opted for Thornbridge's Chiron, a Lucozade-coloured pale ale of 5% ABV, simple yet very drinkable, with some lovely chewy fruit candy flavours. Last tick of the session was Brooklyn Brewery's Dry Irish Stout, a title which manages one out of three. It's very sweet, giving off rich toffee aromas and with a flavour packed full of molasses plus a matching unctuous texture. There's atin' and drinkin' in it, it's lovely, but it's pretty far from tasting like an Irish stout.
I bolted to the back door and opened it. "Diane!! Diane!! Here kitty kitty!!" Nothing.
T: Well, for the most part, the people who go about buying and listening to music that way don’t really give a toss beyond that song. The people who do care will buy records, cd’s, and albums. This is a big part of why vinyl records are making a bit of a comeback. Many feel they sound better, well different, warmer. Equally important was the album, its concept, its cover art, the lyric sheet, the liner notes that enriched the experience of the album. People would get together to share the first playing of an album they just bought. The producer had painstakingly sequenced each side. To play an album and just listen to it was an evening with friends.
He's the reason for the season.
1 druidic
(Quiet in here, isn’t it?)
Imogen: Mummy, this candy Jen bought me tastes just like bacon.
What else can I do to help my book get published? Do research on the competition and the market. Include what you find in your proposal. Find out if your idea has already been done. If you think you can do it better, explain why. Tell me what’s different about your approach or content. We’re invariably going to look at what’s out there. So if you’re pitching me a book on Southern style (and I would like one), I’m going to look up every related book I can find, check sales figures, and compare your book to the others. If similar books have done well, that helps your case. If other books on the topic haven’t performed, there’s got to be something special and different about yours that will help it stand out.
You all have a great night!
Susan: Why not?
short blurb for your book, if you’re promoting one, but make it short and sweet. The blogger may not use your blurb, but it’s worth sending one along. NOTE: It's best to send your copy in a Word.doc (Word 2003) not a .docx, since some people still use programs that can't read a .docx.
Daz - doing well, plodding along as usual.
Sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your patience. =)
This will be the last ‘Jobs Seen on the Street’ post for this academic year, and the series will return again in September. Hopefully if you are still looking for a part-time job during this time you can use the tips and links we have been posting, a reminder of these is at the bottom of this post.
———, Responsibility for Evil in the Theodicy of IV Ezra (SBLDS 29; Missoula, MT: Scholars Press, 1977)
Wow, you guys amaze me with how observant you are! Yes, my book was blue before. My publisher just emailed me and said, "Wow, we love the new site. Just one little thing...we changed the cover of your book." So, Kelli went back to the drawing board and recoded stuff and voila! Now it's orange.
Nothing says sunshine to me like flowers. Hope y'all enjoy them as much as I do. I may revisit this theme later in the week for some yellows that aren't flowers.
Below: Papa McClellan
Psalm 118:2-4, 13-15, 23-24
I have a second video that is even more hilarious than the first, but it won't seem to load. I'll try again later!
That's right now you can see me drivel on about my boring ol stuff on twitter :D I've just joined today cause my bf has bought an iphone and tweets all the time on it! I figure I can do that too.
classes, including the Fighter, Specialist, and the Berserker (a variation on the Dwarf), as well as an alternate Sorcerer class than the one presented in the Carcosa supplement (a variation of the LotFP Elf). In most every other way the LotFP rules will be followed, save that for experience I will be using Keys, as found here, with the experience charts being adjusted to reflect the smaller xp rewards. Each character will get to choose 2 Keys.
I have wanted to blurb for days, but things keep coming up, and I haven't gotten around to it. Since my memory has as many holes in as my kitchen colander, I've probably forgotten most of the things, but here goes BLURB-O-RAMA!
“He doesn’t exist?”
How about Aladdin?
“Comedy with content”, one supportive friend said; “it’s too intelligent”, said a useful critic. “Gorgeous legs you’ve got”, said a member of the audience, without irony. I need to improve my writing, and so I will devote time to that; and also I want to see some quality comics.
I’ll take you down the only road I’ve ever been down
6. Don’t be an a-hole.
In 2009 Constantijn published his "discussion paper on critical issues" under the RAND-umbrella titled The Future of the Internet Economy. In it, he is quite uninhibited in his call for the emergence of an overall system of control to steer the course of events globally.
I’ve never been to a garden party in my life. I enjoy camping and we did walk on the beach regularly. I did these activities to have fun with my children, not in a desperate attempt to snare a man.
I think about the moon and stars that you have set in place.
While Al Gore and the last holdouts of the global warming hoax continue to tell us that CO2 emissions (the use of fossil fuels for energy to produce electricity, drive anywhere, and manufacture anything) will destroy the world, the world’s most sophisticated particle study laboratory, CERN in Geneva, Switzerland, will soon announce a finding that will blow the CO2 nonsense to bits.
"You would have what? Oh come on. You knew why. I sent you hundreds of messages, but you never replied."
I love to not only learn more about your businesses, but I love to help you spread the news! I love participating in features or trying out new products/services that my readers would enjoy.
Let's just say I'm glad to have a washing machine and a vacuum, as well as a tennis racquet that is not made of wood.
For further information, I suggest reading this review from Hope Lies at 24 Frames per Second, this one from The Onion AV Club and especially this Film School Rejects interview with Zack Snyder. I agree with interpretation 4, but I understand the first two takes are far more popular. I think what Zack Snyder did here is he tried to make a movie that was simultaneously an art house picture and an action blockbuster. He’s hardly the first person to do so. Movies like The Matrix and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon attempted this by having characters fight and talk about philosophy. I think Snyder’s approach in Sucker Punch is more akin Quentin Tarantino, where everything about the movie is done so deliberately that it’s making commentary through the process itself. This means that dialogue and plot take a more secondary role than in traditionally good movies.
Good evening every one. What a horrible day it has been here in London. My garden gazebo is no more, completely ripped to shreds and all over the garden. Oh well I suppose this means winter is on its way, only 109 days until Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Here’s my fictional example study. We took two sets of people and placed them into two groups. Each group could choose to practice how to play Chess with a coach for any number of hours they wanted. Later that month, the individuals would come back and take a test about asking them, “which of the following chess moves would be the best,” for a 100 question test. Group one was a group of people who had never played chess. Group two was a group of people who were on a college level chess team. Sounds like the college players will do well right? You’d be right.
Recorded from vinyl with snaps, crackles, and pops still intact. Bonus!
They were arguing about who got to sleep with me since their dad was not home and I guess
2 cubbies from Target
Thank you, Jama Rattigan!
Her gaze is saddened, her heart has been broken.
This course has given me a new perspective of what it is to be a teacher in this day and age. Teaching and education is deictic and forever changing. What teaching is today will be different than what it will be tomorrow. There will continue to be changes in the use of technology and how that effects teaching. Teachers need to keep updated on the new technologies that are available and be able to teach their students to the best of their ability. I feel that this course has readily prepared me for what is to come for teaching. I feel prepared to teach students all of the new technologies I have learned and how to integrate technology into my teaching each and every day. There needs to be a sense of balance with using technology, but having the knowledge to use these tools will only make you a more effective teacher.
Boil the tortellini al dente.
My inner domestic goddess had the time of her life as she imagine a world where a kitchen was so wonderful and so perfect that no mistake could ever be made! Cakes rose high, pies turned golden, custards were creamy and gin & tonics never got warm. My inner domestic goddess practically danced around the showroom.
This is especially true when we are talking about states in which the mass movement has been repressed for a long period and when the revolutionary forces are weak or where their leaderships betrayed them. In the colonial revolutions that won independence after WW2 each revolution had its martyrs. Gandhi, Lumumba, Fanon, Biko to name a few. But these revolutions only began the process of decolonisation as national bourgeosies came to power in the service of imperialism. The national revolutions remain trapped, or frozen by neo-colonialism.
The mainstream media. May it just go away.
After counting, I put the booklet down on the center divider between the two front seats. Then I got up to get the stroller out of the trunk. The dad collected his son from the backseat. We thanked each other and wished each other a nice day.
The Professional Development (PD) program at my school is broken and we need your help to fix it.
What other hobbies do you have besides writing?
Candy Corn costume!!! This one is just so sweet, and I know for sure that it would whip up in like, one evening. One evening plus wine. Now that's an easy project.
Did you know that the shoulder is the most movable joint in your body? However, it is also one of the most unstable joints because of the range of motion it allows. Your shoulder is subject to injury because the ball (which is the top rounded part of your Humerus bone) is larger than your shoulder socket (the dish-shaped part of the outer edge of the Scapula, which is your shoulder blade) that holds it. Your shoulder remains stable as it is anchored by muscles, tendons and ligaments.
During my life, I've thought of our minds as being like a computer, full of circuits that process information. Lately, I've had some thoughts about this subject.
Here is the official press release:
We’ll also be using this WOD as an opportunity to say a temporary farewell to Christiana, one of the original fire breathers of the core group of CrossFitters who, until CrossFit Assault opened, have been meeting at the gym on a local military base.
Pendragon: Five week ban.
2 6-inch rounds of good brie, frozen until ready to use.
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Oppression is the reason for corruption on Earth. It is the root of all evil – the oppression that people inflict one upon the other, as well as people’s silence in the face of the oppressors. Why doesn’t Allah take revenge upon the oppressors? Because people must take action. They must confront the oppressor. One must not allow the oppressor to behave unjustly, and people to follow him, applauding him, and saying: “Long live so-and-so,” while poets venerate him, and journalists heap praise upon him. It is inconceivable that Allah will take revenge upon such an oppressor, as long as people behave this way.
Some Do Some Don't
How I Make It:
The life of young British boy and his band called The Beatles left an indelible mark on the times and is told in Fab: An Intimate Life of Paul McCartney by Howard Sounes ($29.95, Da Capo Press). Born in 1942 while England was in the midst of war, few would have predicted McCartney would become one of the most successful songwriters, starting a musical revolution with fellow band members. There have been few written accounts detailing his life after The Beatles. This is an exhaustive biography that will more than satisfy any one of his fans. Jazz aficionados will enjoy Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original ($18.00, Free Press, softcover) by Robin D.G. Kelley. Monk broke the rules of musical composition along the way to creating a body of work and a sound that was distinctively his own. As a composer, his songs, “Round Midnight”, “Straight, No Choice”, and “Ruby, My Dear”, are now standards whenever musicians get together to jam or play in jazz clubs. He was a bit of a mystery in life, but his goatee, dark glasses, and beret became the icon for hipster cool. The author has performed a great service to his devotees and a new generation discovering him. The jazz legend lives in this thoroughly researched presentation of a unique life.
Thursday, May 17
Twelve valiant saints, their hope they knew,
At some inevitable point in the future the UN will reform itself and a Permanent Council made up of America, China, India, Japan, the EU, Russia, Brazil and some African Union member will make all the important decisions. The way things are going, the EU is going to progressively take the place of its more powerful members, as Germany, France, Italy and the UK gradually cede their foreign policy to Brussels. As this happens, the G20 - now the most powerful decision-making bloc in the world - will shrink in size, making it look increasingly ridiculous for Australia and Canada and others to hold onto their exclusive membership. There has got to be another way.
Anyway, enough about the technical stuff and on to these two stories...
I’ve marked that date on my calender.
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig
Naked.
For though he gave you love in life
Sometime this month, an updated list of “evidence-based” teen pregnancy prevention programs was endorsed by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and posted to the website of the Office of Adolescent Health (OAH).
At Oslo's airport Gardermoen I tried Ringnes' Christmas beer. Ringnes Juleøl was a coppery beer with nearly no carbonation nor head. In the nose there was some caramel and cold coffee, and the beer tasted the same. I have tasted several better Christmas beers from Norway this year, and Ringnes Juleøl must be considered another boring beer.
Father help me, I lie a lot and I don’t like it. Grant me Your Grace to resist the devil the father of all lies and liars and the grace not to lie, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
I was sad at first. I pottered around in a pleading, apologetic kind of way. Now I say stuff it. No irritable ghost is going to ruin my favourite time of year. Never mind Christmas past. Our children are either already home or on their way home. One is bringing her new husband. If the old ghosts want to join us, splendid. If not, I’m doing no more grovelling. New ghosts will arrive in due course. Welcome, all.
make sure you can hear the music :)
Head of the UN peacekeeping mission in Syria Herve Ladsous on Tuesday urged Damascus and armed groups to comply with the truce, adding that all parties needed to take further steps to ensure a cessation of violence in all forms.
Morrck baby hoodies are designed to fit in your car seat or buggy or anything with a 5 point harness, avoiding the need to use other outdoor clothing, you can just wrap and go. The harness feeds through the openings in the travel wrap and fastens over baby’s indoor clothing. This provides extra protection across your baby’s forehead and ears in cold, windy weather and lies completely flat behind your baby’s head when it’s not being worn.
Thanks so much for visiting me today. Hope you have a delightful day!
Who refused to reach for their reward.
Basal body temperature: 36.4 C.
If you can offer any speed training tips I would greatly appreciate it!
Next time: the finished valances in situ.
With this in mind we realize that we are very blessed to be able to start this company and make a positive impact not only on our own life, but those near and far. We have chosen a few ways to give back and out favorite charity is Kiva.org. What we love about Kiva.org is that we can not only pick the person or group that we would like to help, but that when the money is paid back it is returned for us to keep reinvesting. By consistently reinvesting we are able to make more loans and help more people.
This is reality but is shunned to discuss in the African American churches and it is done via embarrassment or the denial factor. Just to be frank, alot of people in the church are very much STRESSED and DEPRESSED and it goes either unrecognized or people turn the other cheek. No one wants to deal with it, no one wants to admit it, no one wants to put in the time for it but it is REAL and wont go away until you learn what it is and how to run it out of your life.
—Ce-Ce =^)
But while counseling may be your best option there are other things to keep in mind as well. It’s important to stay organized. A divorce can cause chaos even in the most disciplined mind and it’s important to make an extra effort to stay organized under the added stress. Consider planning out your projects and deadlines clearly, documenting what you have done and what you still have to do in order to stay on track and ahead of your deadlines.
"Something was said first by one, then by two, three and so on, and now it has become what some call a 'public opinion', an opinion of the majority.Let anyone read the words, "Assent becomes a duty." (V. II., p. 390) in Shipman's Grauvogl:"What is commonly called public opinion is, plainly speaking, the opinion of two or three persons, and we should convince ourselves of the truth of this, could we but see into the mode in which this public opinion originated.We should then find that there are two or three people who first assumed or decided or affirmed that such and such a thing was so without taking the trouble very thoroughly to examine it. Taking for granted that these had sufficient capacity of judgement, a few others also accepted their opinions; three again are believed by many others, whose indolence rather inclines them to believe it at once than to take the trouble to test it.Thus grows from day to day the number of such indolent, easily believing adherents; for if the opinion had only gained a goodly number of advocates, those who adopted it afterwards attributed its prosperity to the quasi fact that those already accepting it would have done so only on account of weighty reasons.Others were now constrained to accept what everybody else accepted, lest they might pass for restless souls who were setting themselves up against generally received opinions, and for malapert hinds, who would be wiser than the rest of the world. Assent now becomes a duty.Now the few who are capable of judging must be silent; and those who are permitted to speak are those who, perfectly incapable of forming their own opinion or judgement, are the mere echo of the opinions of others; nevertheless, they are all the more zealous and intolerant advocates there of. For they hate in those thinking otherwise, not so much the diverse opinion they hold, as the arrogance of daring to judge for themselves; something, by the way, which they never venture themselves, of which they are at least conscious.In short, very few can think, but all claim the right of having opinions; what else then remains for these latter, since they cannot make opinions for themselves, but to adopt the ready-made opinion of others? As this is the case of what avail now are the voices of a hundred million of men?""Dico ego, tu dicis, sed denique dixit et ille; dicta que post toties nil nisi dicta vides!" - Text-book of Homoeopathy, by D. V. Grauvogl, Part II., p.390, et seq.
Malo
Not far was a young female sitting by herself. After outlining the topic, she accepted. After two questions (out of ten), her phone rang and it was a call she really needed to take. End of interview.
While familial struggles and dysfunction are not a new premise and nor is the story of a boy meeting a girl and the two falling in love despite their differences a revolutionary concept; it is doubtful that these (still) relevant topics have been presented in such a light, gay and whimsical manner before. And this is likely a testament to the beautifully eccentric mind responsible for conceiving the play in the first place, irrespective of how true to the original this film may actually be.
Cooking with Fernet Branca, by James Hamilton-Paterson. Published by Europa Editions 2009.
It may very well be the new “trial of the Century”! Remember the last one? We do.
-Casey
He says his appeals to his bank first met with little understanding, though it eventually corrected the error.
It is a fool’s dream to believe Muslims will be able to get everyone in the world to accept Islam. It just will never happen. All they will succeed in doing is slaughtering millions of people and hurt their cause and their image.
Mr Kroger decided today enough was enough and exposed his former mate’s bitterness, calling him a “bear with a terribly sore head, a migraine headache” who continued to attack former Prime Minister John Howard among others.
Let’s break the rules with Obama, a hero of DARKPOL, who had many problems with his Secret Service, not enough secret and public in a bad way, in Medellin, Colombia where prostitutes were found working for it. We must oepn an investigation with the MILITARY POLICE , the US Air Force one that creates the DARKPOL and not the KGB Next Gen ! This is fictional or not. On the contrary, THE FRENCH COP is not or fictional. I will make it as a blockbuster IF YOU GIVE ME THE SUPREME POWER in November because my Other Name is Mike Fuller.
bloody primary school.
I developed this meal plan with our garden in mind. Right now, we're loving the fresh tomatoes, green beans, zucchini, cucumbers, lettuce, peppers, and radishes. Everyday there's something new that's ripe for the picking. It's been fun to try out new recipes with all of this "free" produce.
Is she married and is her husband is unhappy with her, or maybe her husband spends too much time away from home? Or maybe she’s not married and the beau she fell in love with is not approved of by the family? Or maybe he broke her heart?
Like Amazon and Barnes and Noble, Dymocks is a major book vendor. Unlike Amazon and Barnes and Noble, it doesn't have its own ereading device--so D Publishing does not resemble the free, direct-to-device self-pub services offered by Amazon and B&N. Instead, it's more like the middleman self-pub services provided by AuthorHouse and its ilk. For a fee of $499 to $699, you can publish a print book, an ebook, or both (all prices are in Australian dollars). Additional charges for cover creation and setup bring the price as high as $997.
In Divers City
In order to make this possible, God changed our spirit. At salvation, our spirit became totally new (11 Cor. 5:17). It is now righteous and truly holy (Eph. 4:24). It is now exactly the way Jesus is, because our born again spirit is the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ (1 Jn. 4:17; 1 Cor. 6:17; Rom. 8:9; Gal. 4:6).
PUSHING FOR EVEN greater austerity measures, eurozone leaders are ignoring the reality that Greece’s debts are absolutely unsustainable. While political leaders are repeatedly stating their determination to defend the eurozone and avoid a breakup, strategists closer to the investment banks and other financial institutions are quite clear that, sooner or later, there will be a Greek default. That would mean a Greek exit from the eurozone.
Maybe a movie night and goodies bags with things like their workbook,water toys,card games ,etc.Ideas are welcomed!!!
The other thing I want to do is actually have a ceremony for Beltane. I would welcome suggestions of things I could include (bearing in mind my situation of no candles/incence).
First coffee of the day
Tuesday morning my sister Sandi and her husband Gary, Don and I, leave for a week in Cabo San Lucas. None of us have been there before. I've heard great stories about Cabo, and we are all looking forward to the warm weather. I'll write more as we experience it.
When I graduated a year ago, I was still very much in bum mode. Not only that, I was also clueless and direction-less as to what I wanted to do next. Do you know how it feels when you have plans and all of a sudden, you discover that those plans no longer fit you? Well, that’s what happened to me. From the time I graduated til the time I got my first job at Greenpeace (a timespan of 4 months), I have been to 4 interviews, counting the Greenpeace interview. It’s not a lot, I know I didn’t look for much but of those interviews, 1 interviewer asked me if I was male or female (of which I answered I’m biologically male but identify as female), 1 conducted a 10 minute interview on me and never called back, and 1 panel of interviewees (for a research analyst position and upon seeing my resume) insisted I probably would not like working for them. Eventually, I did get the Greenpeace job and it was great. I worked for four months and I quit last June for reasons I am not willing to blog about. From the second week of June until today, I have been jobless. During that time until now, I have only been to one serious interview and I didn’t get the job (for some unknown reason).
21st December - Tuesday
I think it now says something
Please stop twitching for another baby.
1. Verify you’re eligible. Check your account to ensure it is paid up-to-date. Make sure the iPhone you are attempting to unlock is not attached to an account that is under contract. That basically means an old iPhone that’s under a plan which is still under contract is likely not eligible. The easiest phones to unlock will be those that are not associated with any account and over two years old, it seems. If you’re ineligible, be prepared to pay the early termination fee to unlock.
and make lovely patterns
Be blessed and keep singing HIS praises!
I don't really see my leaving if it happens as some big loss considering there are so many Doctor Who Blogs and many of them are far better then my own. I do however feel bad that it got to this point. I really have enjoyed myself over all and My love for Doctor Who has in no way decreased.
Wayne has no clue how lucky of a guy he is. His wife Carrie (Courtney Abbiati) massages his shoulders in the morning and tells him that he was tossing and turning all night. WTF? In 95% of marriages she’d be nagging him for keeping her awake all night and husbands would be the same way, except we’d end by saying we need a drink and if we’re kept up all night it’s off to the casino.
I have newly discovered pintrest, well when I say discovered I mean joined I knew I would become addicted to it so have been studiously avoiding all enticement to join. If by any slim chance you are at all interested in the things I like my account is pinterest.com/agagirls. I found this recipe on pintest and was instantly intrigued, as I am always looking for good gluten free recipes. The recipe originally came from the blog Chocolate and Carrots. I will admit that the recipe does seem a little strange but stick with it these work. They fall somewhere between a cookie and brownie and are seriously dangerous 'The velveteen bow' ate four. I think they would delicious as a pudding with vanilla ice cream in the middle and served with soft fruit.
X-Rays You’ve Had: only at the dentists
Kind of makes the measly donations I make feel pathetic when I think about what it would really mean to sacrifice. There is a big difference between the way I give (resulting in a feel-good moment for me with the added bonus of making someone elses life a little easier) and giving up a REAL piece of me, emotionally or physically.
strawberries, pointed side up on top of the filling, covering it completely. Place the jelly in a small, microwave-safe cup and heat in the microwave for about 20 seconds, until melted. Brush the warm jelly over the strawberries. Sprinkle the edge of the tart with the toasted sliced almonds. Refrigerate the tart for 20 minutes before serving.
In addition to global warming, I’ve suggested you also pay attention to changes in world economics.
Past.
The control tower
What about you ?
3- Poker Flat Research Range Near Chatanika, Alaska
1) My Parents.
Red Chillies - 3 to 4
87. French Kiss (Kevin Kline) – The chemistry with Meg Ryan is great.
Laziness is so much more than a moniker to bestow when a child doesn't want to get themselves a glass of milk or go outside to play. It extends far beyond that. It extends into their spirits, their ideas and ideals, their thoughts and hopes and dreams. I would be willing to bet that when kids are allowed the room to choose while surrounded by understanding and compassion and support, they will begin to blossom. And when they blossom, they will find that special place where their spirits can soar. When their spirits are set loose on the world, laziness - by any definition - simply does not apply.
So, ‘per ardua ad astra’, as the builders of Stonehenge used to say when they went down to the pub after a bit of rock gardening. It’s going to mean some hard work, but I’ve always fancied the idea of space travel!
M: You mentioned that this album is more “cowboy”? Can you elaborate? Are we talking about cowboys with spurs chasing Indians, or cowboys who climb lonely mountains and get intimate in pup tents?
Cheerleaders
More of this
Our winners & Top 3 picks will now be published in our sidebar...right at the top...so that hopefully you'll be able to find them more easily. We will also be placing the Winner's and Top 3 blinkies here on the blog, so that you can grab them for your blogs if you get lucky!
Here are the prizes up for grabs this week:
There are some things I HAVE been liking just fine, though. Like, the bluebonnets are up! I have no photos to show you, alas, because they're all along the highways and I'm bad at taking pictures out the window of a moving car. Especially when I'm the one driving. Plopping your kids down in a field of these suckers for a photo op is kind of a thing down here, but I have never done that with my kids, because hello! HIGHWAY. Moving cars. Death, doom, destruction. Also, bees. *shudder* (Also, my kids are teenagers now and one of them is bigger than me so my kid-plopping days are over before they even began. If you want to hum a few bars of "Sunrise, Sunset" somewhere in here, I won't stop you.)
Maybe next year we'll have a bubby to celebrate with...
I haven't had time to update my blog lately, because I've been busy doing orders for Easter pages, and also for ebay. Below are several of the sets that I've recently completely. If you're interested in getting any of these themes, just drop me a line at lighthouselover2000@verizon.net. All of my pages range from $34.99 - $42.99 per set, depending on how much time is involved in making them.
Also wanted to wish all my Girl Scouts friends a Happy 100th Birthday. I've been a Girl Scout for 22 years now and it's been an amazing experience. It's very satisfying to work with girls and watch their enthusiasm and zest for life. I love working with the girls and some of my best friends are from my Girl Scout experience. So Happy Birthday and let's celebrate and continue into the next 100 years.
Coat a 9-inch round cake pan with cooking spray; line bottom of pan with wax paper. Coat wax paper with cooking spray.
Just as Israel became a harlot during the ancient period, so the Church —(The ecclesia,; also called the “Bride of Christ”) will ultimately become a great harlot during the period between Yahushua’ two comings.
In Syria, pogroms took place in several towns, synagogues were torched, and several hundred Jews were arrested in November 1947. The Almenasheh synagogue in Damascus was attacked on 5 August 1949; thirteen people were killed and thirty-two injured.
This, I think, is Gray's criticism, and it is a fair one. His criticism of the market, it should be added at this point, does not come from a socialist or collectivist point of view, but from a conservative one, whereby Gray is concerned with the traditional structure of communities and how they are affected by, among other things, neoliberalism, and particularly that brought by Thatcher in the 80s which he considers most un-Conservative. Gray shares many commentators' concerns with "unrestrained markets" and the resulting societal trauma as people find themselves vulnerable to the ebbs and flows of what he calls "unstable" market forces.
Once again, the wine charges in and smashes the place up. This is my favourite wine style in the world. I often have it with fish, but here the acidity once again just creates noise. The beer fares a little better - there's the beginnings of a herby matching of flavours. But I'm not blown away. A narrow beer victory for me, and a total split in the room.
Here’s what really happened.
for the meanings they would dismiss
We know you will be too.
Great new small bar (space for around 20) near Shin Maruko Station. Ran by Takahashi san, formerly of Belgo, Cheers and the NakaMeguro and Bashamichi Taprooms & his wife. 12 taps, good line up, good quality. Friendly, professional, non smoking.
Me: Wha-aat? Eh... no, no, still sleeping... *mutters to self, where's Tom?*
"GAA-bull-dohn"
A few of the layers stuck to the pans after cooling and I was a little inaccurate getting the layers to line up as you can see in the photo of unfrosted cake above, but after two entire tubs of frosting were applied, it all smoothed out!
My obstinate compassion is schist and basalt and granite,
Let us pray.
Another useful feature that Shipito offers is the Package removal.
The building will also be filled with plenty of amenities such as a gym, lounge, swim up bar, dance floor, etc.
1 relleno pepper (or buy the hottest pepper you can find)
10. Video, share, and celebrate your successes! Take advantage of youtube, facebook, email, your school website, friends, and family. If you’re into it, do a blooper reel too.
We all know that renovating costs money. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve sat and watch a home makeover/design TV show and found my self saying “well of course they went over budget – EVERYBODY knows that happens….you have to just plan for it”…how naive!
Boots, Gianni Bini via Buffalo Exchange Austin
Raku Tiles, Pendants
When we dried off we made our way to the guest bedroom where we turned down the bed and she laid down on it with her legs parted as if to taunt me. I swear that she wanted me to try to fuck her but that was way more than I could handle. So instead I lowered my face to her rosy nipples and began to suckle them. They were soft and sweet, as I massaged them with my tongue they hardened. As I held them gently in my mouth between my lips, I felt them turn rigid against my wet tongue as she sighed. Her nipples were extremely sensitive, my tugging and sucking made her chest heave and her pussy drip.
What if there is no crisis in your life for next 30 years? The amount you paid to buy that insurance product would have lost most of it’s value in 30 years, compared to the risk free rate/inflation in the country. This is how insurance works!
And it does demand to be talked about.
Here is special Norty Step edition because nortiness just tooked on a new meaning! I am finking dat later in da year I may run a NORTIEST OF THE NORTIEST ON DA NORTY STEP? The prize will be a pawtrait from @zaziart.......or a visit to an animal shrink!!
Wrap Yourself In the softness of the luxurious 500TC 100% Egyptian Cotton Duvet cover like those found in world-class hotels. Grown mainly in the Nile Valley, Egyptian cotton is worl… Read More >>
Clash has many well-constructed fight scenes filled with aerial takedowns and high-flying strikes amidst continuous henchmen droves. This is a credit to first time director Le Tranh Son's craftsmanship that all the fighting appears to be practical without wirework or any CG enhancements. The camera captures the action without flash, supporting a grittier feel over sensationalism. There's also a uniqueness in the fight choreography through an abundance of submission maneuvers utilized, ranging from neck cranks, leglocks and armbreakers. The downside here is that the combat may be too choreographed, working against the naturalistic exchanges and making the grappling more closely aligned with a MMA bout due to the quick array of submission reversals and escapes. If there's one prime criticism, it's that all the fight scenes are crafted in a similar fashion; there's very little differentiating the fights, leaving each one without any definitive identity of its own. The fight scenes try to keep the film afloat, but the script is like a pair of cement shoes sinking the entire picture.
Now is the judgement of this world; now the ruler of this world will be driven out.
The Bible was the Catholic Church’s idea … an idea that was inspired and guided by the Holy Spirit. The Bible was not absolutely essential to the Church, since the Church did just fine without a Bible, for some 400 years.
I followed the economy since I was an entering freshman. Not because I was political or up on current events. No, I followed the economy because it confirmed my deeply held belief about my college loans and higher education. Because the economic factors and the naive beliefs of my peers confirmed something to me that I had known all along, something that my people of my generation don’t seem to understand.
I walked right at him.
To your Outstanding Reign,
But for now, break out those dancing shoes because we are going to celebrate each little victory over our own shame and just do “The Twist!”…
Written by: Gloria
But at the time when Cleopatra and Anthony were struggling with Octavian for control of the entire Roman Empire (c. 37 - 30 BC) a big nose did signify strength of character and power. This marble bust, now in Berlin, is accepted as one of the few accurate depictions of Cleopatra VII. It shows that she did indeed have a strong nose, even if it wasn't the eagle's beak depicted on the coins.
I'm strong.
So, I got my laptop nicked.
Favorite animal: Dogs, and lion cubs.
I have spent much of my life serving others; my family, friends, co workers… yet for a long time I didn’t feel that people should serve me… but then here’s Jesus who is willing to be at both ends of service.
The two chiefs were very different. One was an artistically-minded intellectual. He was thoughtful, quiet, and introverted.
CLIPPING AND USING ‘EM
It is a mystery to me how she acquired any of these skills because her mother certainly possessed none of them .
I figured on having to choose another nice ‘meal’ beer – something with body, flavour and complexity for all those occasions where sustenance is more important than refreshment or for palate cleansing all those coconut cream pies that Maryanne would be making for me. (Yep, she’s one of my OTHER three) I narrowed my field down to a handful including a Grand cru from either Murray’s or Hoegaarden, a Red Hill Temptation Belgian ale – but then I remembered what I would choose as my third and changed my mind completely, going with a Bridge Road Brewers Pale Ale. I couldn’t go long without a Pale Ale. There’s lunch sorted.
Cook food item if necessary. Puree desired amount in blender (with small amount of water if needed) and pour into ice cube tray to freeze and use throughout the week (each cube is about 3 oz.)! Once I pop a cube out of the tray, I defrost it in the microwave (in glass container) for about 1 min. (or thaw for 2.5 hours at room temp.) Add 2 tsp of warm water (optional) and stir.
1971 THE SEDUCTION OF INGA (dir: Joe Sarno) (re-edited and dubbed US version)
And so it has been with Friday’s spree shootings in Tulsa that killed three black men, and wounded two.
09 Danger Money
An unsolved murder … Then Amalie discovers that the man she loves is a ghost. Only she can see and hear him. Perhaps he is real to her because Amalie is the image of her distant ancestor, Jonathan’s bride in that earlier time.
There are so many new editions of classic crime titles with horrible covers (and I don’t mean badly designed, I mean undesigned), that I thought it was worth celebrating some great work from Vintage Books. They are the first four titles in their new editions of Nicholas Blake (aka the Poet Laureate Cecil Day-Lewis).
Sunday – July 15
59. His favorite athlete is Kobe Bryant.
Seems like knowing the risks (crime, rape, assault, robbery, being mugged, some crazy shooter on campus, etc) and NOT taking responsibility for protecting yourself is the dumb thing.
The first line of treatment for plantar fasciitis is foot exercises that get the plantar fascia stretched before you get out of bed to take your first step. From there, it's on to more expensive shoes with better arch support, insoles, heel cups and whatever else might do the trick.
Mrs Marr then notices the holdall on the bench beside me. "Call me a nosy old bat! But what you got in the bag then Green?"
Not quite finished with the photos from wandering around Alloa looking at where breweries once were.
To where? Be specific people!! Jeez... Okay, your Transformer Car can also turn into an SR-71 superjet but you need to get certified on your own, got me? Those are very fast jets and I don't want you going all willy-nilly in one just because you don't know what you're doing.
most of the lights are out
So today....
But kids are learning all the time - ALL*THE*TIME - in AND out of school. They're learning even when they're seemingly "doing nothing" because, honestly, it's impossible to do nothing.
My last blog that I want to address is my post Conflicted Thoughts on Switched at Birth. I choose to write this blog because my cousin got me into watching this show and I was curious to find out if anyone else my age was watching this show as well. As for what I edited in this post, I added a little bit on what would need to happen in order to make the show move along on a different path. I think that while at the beginning of the semester I had a very limited range of shows that I would watch on TV and usually they were only on certain networks, such as ABC Family. Now I have branched out and tried new shows and I have found that I enjoy them and this class has helped me critically engage more with a show, rather than just mindlessly watching it (which isn’t always a bad thing). All in all I think this class has made me a more educated TV watcher and a stronger blogger.
I don't mean to rant about blockbuster filmmaking. The reason I'm mentioning Clash of the Titans is because it, along with Step Up 3-D and several other 3-D movies previewed ahead of it, got me thinking about silent films. How you ask? I mean it got me thinking about their destruction. The arrival of sound in 1929 (more or less) not only brought a new level of 'reality' to film, it also shelved two generations' worth of technical achievements and artistic developments within the medium, leading to years of collossally, hilariously bad talkies. Everything and everyone became a slave to the immobile, finicky, fragile microphone. Many silent stars were ruined by it.
We were rolling our play-doh into long, skinny strips,
Really Facing the Future has been written by David Boyle and Simon Titley as an alternative to the Liberal Democrats’ policy development agenda, Facing the Future, (which was published in August 2011 and intended to set out the party's values, highlight the main challenges and summarise policy development priorities for the remainder of the current parliament). The authors believe that Facing the Future fails to face the future. It lacks political imagination, it lacks a coherent analysis of the challenges we face and it lacks passion, seeming to have been approached as a dry academic exercise. Really Facing the Future sets out ten new directions for policy. They are not exhaustive or definitive. They represent the views of two Liberal Democrats (albeit with 68 years of membership between them). But they are an attempt to encourage Liberal Democrat policy makers to think more radically – partly because the challenges that lie ahead require more radical thinking and partly as an antidote to the idea that party policy is at its most effective when it tentatively suggests a few tiny changes that don‟t threaten the status quo. If the Liberal Democrats want to face the future, they must look at the real world as it is – not as it seems from the peculiar prism of Westminster – and respond. That is what Really Facing the Future tries to do.
I think they belong to some bacteria.
As I stumble through the blustery winter winds, it occurs to me tonight, while nursing yet another sickness (throat infection) that my immune system is anything but immune. It’s never reliable, never resilient, and part of me wonder why I even bother attributing one to my body.
1152 **D-XI/4/1992. “Natural Right and the American Jurist: A Truly Conservative Approach to the Supreme Court.” Federalist Society of Law and Public Policy Studies Panel (with Lawrence C. Marshall, Geoffrey P. Miller, Joseph A. Morris, and William Bradford Reynolds), Palmer House, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(11), pp. 147-51.)
For a long time literary critics and philosophers have argued, along with the novelist George Eliot, that one of fiction’s main jobs is to “enlarge men’s sympathies.” Recent lab work suggests they are right. The psychologists Mar and Keith Oatley tested the idea that entering fiction’s simulated social worlds enhances our ability to connect with actual human beings. They found that heavy fiction readers outperformed heavy nonfiction readers on tests of empathy, even after they controlled for the possibility that people who already had high empathy might naturally gravitate to fiction. As Oatley puts it, fiction serves the function of “making the world a better place by improving interpersonal understanding.”
It was actually a nice day for a white wedding. The weather in the Hunter Valley was superb as I barreled through Cessnock in Albus the albino Toyota. I was running, as I always do, rather late (on the scale of bizarrely close to on time, to missing the plane, I was somewhere in the middle). As this wasn’t an elaborate dream sequence, and therefore not my wedding, my tardiness wasn’t going to leave a groom weeping at an altar.
Wow! What a challenge to me, Maya Moore, this basketball girl has been! Maybe I'll learn something awesome while watching the Master's Golf Tournament with my man this weekend! Lord knows we'll have a lovely time while I recover from getting out my wisdom teeth! Haha!
“Oh what an ideal person you are!”
Queen Malina on the front deck is strong and amazing. The smell of ripening honey fills our house every evening.There will be honey for Christmas I think.
List of Spring time foods
Cookies.
4) Select the add HTML
Also at this time, on a monthly basis, key leading activists and administrators were complaining to me about issues that I could clearly see that were arising within the structure of the Party, and were asking me to bring them to the Chairman’s attention on the basis that I could not be sacked from my position and that they could! I duly did so and the result was that I was sacked as Barking and Dagenham Organiser- again!
Free State Brewing Co. Sneaky Devil
05-15 Salt Lake City, UT – In The Venue
Remove the pot from the heat and stir the curd gently for another 3-5 minutes. Longer stir means firmer cheese!
I was alerted to this announcement while doing fieldwork with Burmese refugees here in Sydney. My research is looking at the treatment of Burmese refugees in Thailand, both in the country and in the refugee camps. I am doing research for the Master of Applied Anthropology course at Macquarie University. This news alarmed me, and certainly the entire Burmese community here in Sydney, many of whom are still trying to have their loved ones brought out of the camps and over to Australia. If this happens, most of them will be affected as loved ones are pushed back into the warzone.
In today world, it is very common that ladies seldom have the luxury of their time due to the morning rush to prepare for work.
I was too busy pulling the curtains shut and crawling under the bed.
A great deal of effort goes into decorating for Christmas in Bangkok. Of course it's all about getting us to spend our money but I love wandering about to check out the decorations.
The UN is no longer what it was set up to be. The Durban conference of 2005 lifted the veil on reality. The Conference against Racism was meant to pillory whites for crimes of slavery and colonialism but became a fest of anti- Jewishness from Muslim countries.
Date Started: 5-14-2012
Almost 2 months ago my hubby and i brought our first home, so between my last post and now i have been busy packing, moving then straight away we started to do make some major changes (renovations) to our new home.
Sometimes less pacier than albums of old but always carrying the same stories and similar messages of hope, revolution and inner struggles, Speed of Darkness serves well as a heap of further material to keep existing fans happy. Those new to Flogging Molly may wish to investigate an older, more characteristic album first, such as Drunken Lullabies or Float, before they leap into this collection of songs that truly embrace “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” with each trademark Irish grouch.
11 Smalltown England
“The standing ovation experienced during one of the Masses says less about me and much more about the health of this parish. I only wished the archbishop could have experienced the sustained applause — the ‘sensus fidelium’ — of the people. He needs to listen to this ‘voice.’ That is my prayer.”
Everything was going great, we left friday afternoon to go to the farm I was so excited for her. We get to the farm & get everything setup for the wedding & I go up to start the flower arrangements. When I get up there I noticed that I needed more vases for the flowers. Barb brings down two vases & sits one down in front of me as I turn my head & look to see what she brought I grab my chest & the sense of happiness & hurt all at once over take my body as I start to cry. The vase she sat in front of me was a purple vase with three little butterflies on it. For most of you, you may not know but purple is my baby girls color & when I make her flower arrangements I always put a butterfly in it somewhere. I take the butterflies as a symbol of Me, her Daddy & her our Beautiful lil Angel.
Her healthy recipes are easy to prepare and call for very little ingredients. And from what I read, she keeps these kid-friendly which is something I am always looking for when it comes to healthy cooking!
I had a similar experience yesterday, when browsing through the TV channels landed up on this Dutch movie called ‘Miss Minoes’ with English sub titles. And I must say I really enjoyed every bit of it. The genre was of course my favorite – children’s fantasy. The premise is simple and executed with perfection. The story is about a cat that gets transformed into a woman. However she can still talk cat language and has the mannerisms of a cat. She talks to all the cats in the city and picks up gossips and passes on to the local reporter. The rest of the story deals with how Minoes the cat tries to fit it into the world of humans and the evolution of Minoes’ relationship with the reporter and his landlord’s little daughter. The corrupt factory owner who is pretending to be an animal lover and the town’s benefactor brings the conflict element in the plot.
Attempting to cut the concrete like icing on our wedding cake, whilst the wonderful lady who made it for us watched on praying the knife would go through!
These exercises are simple but effective and force you to reevaluate the priorities in your writing, like character motives. If you're impatient (like me) and don't like creative exercises that take time from your WIP, you can even do many of these to expand your current plot and character depth.
Previous attendees include:
(shouting)
“inch by inch she works her way along his bowel, until she hits…pay dirt!”
Milk………. and cookies
Themes of particular interest for the conference include:
Laura Gilly, 32, New York, N.Y.
Add bananas = Banana Pudding
Ultra thin, literally fits in the own pocketBetter than the average lens is subcompact, a set of Iso modelGreat LCD screenGood featuresWeek flash (a common problem for a compact camera), a short memory, lifeExpansive battery stickNo-camera battery charging
1 c. fresh cranberries
One that cuts clean to the bone.
I can't tell you everything here on the blog. ;-)
Benefits from: A slick reduction in corporation tax and the top rate. The budgets planned expansion of oil exploration in the north sea. The Oily man’s future looks slick.
13) I peeked my head around the door of the closet one more time. Someone in Starbucks gasped and someone else said, “Why is it raining?” I looked at my classmate through my flood of makeup and said, “Maybe now you should call for help.” “Right,” she says, and stared at me while she phoned Brenda, who up to this point had been sitting at customer service happily oblivious to the carnage in Starbucks.
If the Christians of Iraq and Syria are being ‘persuaded’ to leave by Islamic extremists who bomb their churches and murder their priests, so, too, are the Copts, who have lived in Egypt since the days of the pharaohs, well before the arrival of Islam in the 7th century.
Filipinos are often described as ‘fatalistic’ – we have an expression “Bahala na” – which roughly means, “Leave it to fate.” And yet, during that trip, I realized that many people were not leaving their lives to fate. Through magic they were making something of themselves. So no, I don’t believe in hocus pocus … but magic certainly has other uses.
So, what caused this attitude? A view which would have been so alien to every generation before the 1960's? Why is it considered as acceptable to do to us what would cause shock and outcry were it done to anyone else? The reason is clear, Europeans have been taught to think differently about themselves, and make no mistake, they have been deliberately taught to view themselves in the way they now do.
Level 6: MP Cost: 25, Damage: 214%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 6% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds.
interwar Romania
Thanks for taking the time to visit my blog, off to make dinner now, will be back later to look at some other blogs.
No real update to offer since this past weekend, so I thought I might offer a movie review instead. My offering to you today is… Tucker and Dale vs. Evil.
As you can see, this isn’t quite a logo as it is a bit rough! I was really busy today with assignments and studying for my final test of world religions! I didn’t quite want to leave this empty, so viola! My rough sketch. Since this is the title, I will go over how I have arrived at this name.
Yes there are big complex systems that have failed globally – but at root, Ireland’s particularly catastrophic collapse has been caused by unchecked greed, ambition, political self-interest and reckless pride.
“In a move that could affect security at airports around the nation, the Transportation Security Administration confirmed Wednesday it had such a backlog of background security checks, airport employers were allowed to hire any employee needed,” WSBTV reports. “TSA officials said the background checks are delayed, but they are processing them as fast as they can.”
Oscar started Sunday School last week and I did wonder how it might go when he picked up a stick in his garden on the way and announced that it was to "kill people with". I managed to persuade him to leave it outside the church door until we left and once inside he entered into the spirit of the occasion wholeheartedly, banging a tabourine throughout the hymns. Picking out the word that interested him most from the "wicker's" sermon - "died" , he got right to the nub of the whole of Christianity and asked me how Jesus came to life after he had died. I think I'll ask the Sunday School teacher to explain that one.
iPhone
Averting their eyes from the black passage, they looked down the metal tracked corridor and could see an orange light playing against the wall ahead. It seemed there was an open section of wall form within which they heard the voice, and the sounds of humming, clanking, and buzzing. With this they stopped and listened, making no noise at all. Even Bantum’s chickens suddenly went silent as everyone stood wondering what in the world an A-5312 actually was.
Jack hatched a plan to escape. Had he lost his senses? After all, he could've waited for a medical discharge. But his suffering had brought on an urgent impatience which meant he was soon AWOL and on the run. Jack decided to seek refuge with an old forces' sweetheart, a comely middle-aged woman the lads knew as "Welcoming Wendy" who was no stranger to the barracks. However, Wendy had found herself another regular 'passenger' in the shape of Corporal Bastard. On discovering this abysmal news, Jack's temper erupted like an uncontrollable Vesuvius (he had actually caught the two of them in the act, you know...cavorting with each other!) and bursting at the seams with rage he killed them. In addition to this carnage, Jack accidentally murdered Wendy's mother who had only popped by to pick up the laundry. Great. On the run again, that's what falling head over heels in love does to you. Silly bugger. This time it was more difficult to remain invisible. Army, police and journalists were on his tail.
Azbat- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
The more a man grows accustomed to this, the more he will prefer safety to sanctity. Having lodged his heart many nights in the all-inclusive resort of the fantasy woman, he will cringe at the idea of an adventurous but dangerous expedition into real love. And when God calls that man to initiate authentic intimacy with a flesh-and-blood woman, the lustful coward will cower in fear, terrified of the sanctifying vulnerability that such a task requires.”
As a part of this study, there were also ultrasounds of the heart that they did, as well as ultrasounds of the uterus.
I'll say this for the other David's skills in the kitchen: for a baker, the man sure can bowl. He's a monster on the lanes on a Friday lunchtime but perhaps he should work on that rather than be allowed anywhere near a kitchen from now on.
After Lunch I quickly swept the whole house, since I cleaned everything else during her nap! What an awesome feeling that is for me...a clean house!!!!!!!
Driving on to Water Canyon, we were a little surprised not to see any of the hawks or meadowlarks that we’d seen there just a few weeks earlier, but did definitively identify a couple of Chihuahuan Ravens, seeing for the first time their usually hidden white throat patch. I do regret not getting that picture or one of the amazing sight of a small herd of pronghorn chasing a coyote, but sometimes that’s just the way it goes.
H xx
Poetry has always been my first interest: its compression, its language play, the heightening potencies of imagery and sound – these were/are a kind of magic. Reading the Language poets with Ron Silliman while an undergrad, burrowed up in the Archive for New Poetry reading and taking notes, and then working on Gertrude Stein’s work with Michael Davidson cemented both a deep connection to poetic language and a widening sense of its possibilities. Performance, though, stayed in the mix and still interests me. My creative thesis with Keith Waldrop was a text for performance, inspired by Rothenberg’s Ethnopoetics and studying non-western theatre at Brown. My readings from Gaze are sometimes done in association with a slideshow of images, many of which are directly associated with the poems’ composition.
Eco-Friendly Acrylic Paint - Black, Mushroom
Backing papers - all from my stash box(I am doing well with this box this year)
…into the fast-approaching night and far away from Roman Centurions, skeletons, and mysterious shadowy figures.
Table of Contents. Type a table of contents.
I have already shared the airline market structure in my previous posts. I will dig deeper into the airline management issues in the near future.
Kendall Cross ... Sue Jensen
Enjoyment/Likability: B+
So how could a year of kindness (essentially consciously trying to make someone else happy each and every day) actually be good for a chronic yes-person? Because for me it meant that giving is no longer an obligation, it is a choice. A choice that I make over again each day. I decide to look out for opportunities to be kind, and then if I am sure it will be no skin off my nose, and that I expect nothing from the recipient, I take the opportunity. If it feels like an obligation or a chore, I simply don’t do it. If I have a day when I feel so overstretched that I don’t have anything left to give, I decide to take it easy and be kind to myself instead.
According to 'Twelver' Shi'a Mulims, Imam Hujjat al-Mahdī ( المهدى) is the twelfth Imam and the Mahdi, the ultimate savior of mankind. Twelver Shi'as believe that Muhammad was born in 868 and has been hidden by God (referred to as occultation) to later emerge to fulfill his mission.
Flood® Wood Care are known as the wood care specialists, having been founded by painters in 1841. Their quality products have been recognized in the industry for their long lasting results and performance. Whatever wood care projects you're working on, Flood® is the best solution for any we may undertake this summer. Flood® will protect, preserve, and beautify those projects and products you already use every year, like your patio sets or decks.
Overall, I would say that the book is inspiring and a lot of these looks would be perfect for a photo shoot. If you want to be ultra creative and experimental with your make-up, this is probably for you.
They’re too damned soft. That’s the problem with young people today.
The plan will be put to industry peers for their opinion over the next two weeks of market testing before the Commission makes a final assessment, but an open-source software group that is a major rival raised immediate objections.Prior post: Microsoft Submits Antitrust Proposal to EU (Jun. 1, 2005).
Girl With Bruises/Old Folks Boogie by Jack Oblivian
Now it doesnt have to be birthdays, it could be babys, weddings, anniversarys etc.
01. Get Me To The Church On Time (from "My Fair Lady") - Audrey Hepburn & Rex Harrison / 5:59
Beyond Tomorrow (1940) ... TCM ... 8 AM
Introducing
My perception is altered, I do believe
Not many people are eager for a vacation involving ice, snow and air so cold it hurts to breathe. Your breath freezes onto your scarf, leaving a shelf of rime. Your moist nostril hairs lock together and, as your body warmth condenses and freezes inside the lenses, your eyeglasses are useless.
He cradled life within His arms
For Comic Con.
People buy sports cars mostly because they like the image it portrays.
bears no shame
Here were all these great opportunities coming up right where I was and I was contemplating moving because I didn’t want to be in a long distance relationship but I wanted to be with him. How crazy is that?! (especially since even as excited as he seemed about the prospect of me coming there, he never once said, “I want you to come here”.) Now, I’m not saying that there is anything intrinsically wrong with choosing love over your career – but for me, it just didn’t sit right. Not this guy. Not this move. So instead of choosing him, for once in our relationship, I chose me and chose to stay in DC. It may be one of the best decisions I’ve ever made in my life. And while I don’t regret it (at all), it did take a while for me to deal with the idea that I didn’t move (and basically fight for us).
this memory wilted away in the spring.
At school this week, M had one of her favorite themes: Space. They learned what the word astronomy means; she told me "It's the study of the stars, the planets and space." I was impressed she remembered the definition so well. One evening last week, the sky was very clear so we went outside and looked at all the stars. I pointed out Orion's belt (which she wanted to see), the big and little dippers, and Jupiter and Venus, which are so prominent in the sky now. Is anyone else as amazed as me that we can see Jupiter so clearly? I love it!
Now on my way home… Can barely breath due to the allergy and the fact that I ran to the train 27 min ago… Stupid breathing problem!!!
82. It’s A Wonderful Life (Henry Fonda)
One and a half teaspoons chili garlic sauce
Have a crafty day.
‘Family’ is something that everyone can relate to, but for so long has been portrayed as one mum, one dad, two kids. In Brighton, we strongly felt that families come in an infinite variety of flavours – straight, gay, bi, single-parent, donor sperm, adoption, fostered and on and on…
1) Aleene's Tack it Over and Over - You can buy this at Michaels, JoAnn's, Hobby Lobby, etc for about $5 US, and if you use your 40% off one item coupon for these stores even cheaper!!
getting closer to home. I still had a hangover, though, so, as good as
by Soeren Kern
A look of fear came to Kelly’s eye but again she kicked.
What an overture to literature! What a resounding tribute! You'll never quite make it to the heady heights of kicking a ball around a field, writers - but cheer yourself on the hope that maybe you can be ... a role model?
We have many things much better than our Christian forbearers. We have umpteen volumes of biblical scholarship, much of it available to the merest layman. We have thousands more biblical manuscripts, again many available for anyone’s perusal. Translations of the bible in scads of languages, almost too many in some. And let us not forget how morally advanced we are over our forbearers.
Also- fellow bride and blogger Ashlee and I will be hosting a giveaway this week!! Stay tuned for our Gimme a Mug Swap posted on Wednesday!
What I like about it is that it's really not a 'trend', it's just a classic bag that most people had at one stage as a kid and they're still kicking about. (And so this won't be news to anyAmericans reading, but for me it's a novelty I rather like.) Everybody, absolutely everybody (myself included) wears a rucksack at University and I've seen many a L.L Bean rucksack bob past with with neatly embroidered initials on; I'm always a sucker for a bit of personalisation. Kind of like the name tags we had sewn into the collars of our school jumpers at school, I like that this is a leftover bag, a sort of second nature thing to sling on your shoulder that's been carrying your books for years.
A few Saturdays ago, my school and I hosted GLOW and TOBE Day Camps for my students. 4 of my closest friends made the trek to Kolky to help me put them on. What a fantastic day was had by all!
Honorable mention goes to Sven Vath's Electric Salsa and Flash and the Pan - Walking in the Rain. Also, check out the other track on that Ramsey Lewis album Sun Goddess.
i hear their gnawing all day long
If I honestly sort out my memories and disregard what I have learned since, I must admit that nothing in the whole war moved me so deeply as the loss of the Titanic had done a few years earlier. This comparatively petty disaster shocked the whole world, and the shock has not quite died away even yet. I remember the terrible, detailed accounts read out at the breakfast table (in those days it was a common habit to read the newspaper aloud), and I remember that in all the long list of horrors the one that most impressed me was that at the last the Titanic suddenly up-ended and sank bow foremost, so that the people clinging to the stern were lifted no less than three hundred feet into the air before they plunged into the abyss. It gave me a sinking sensation in the belly which I can still all but feel. Nothing in the war ever gave me quite that sensation.
Jesus Christ IS the Church!
These two girlies turned out super cute. They were created on
“About this time there lived Jesus, a wise man, for he was a performer of wonderful deeds, a teacher of such men as are happy to accept the truth. He won over many of the Jews and many of the Gentiles. When Pilate, at the suggestion of the leading men among us, had condemned him to the cross, those who had loved him at the first did not forsake him; and the tribe of Christians, so named from him, are not extinct to this day.”
We have four performers who will be doing mini-sets in two rounds - so nice you hear them all twice! And we'll have a short intermission in the middle for food, stretching, and conversation.
Yeah... it's that kinda moment.
within an imaginarium.
What is the overall impact of your life for the kingdom of God?
Did your parents show you that men and women have positive roles in each other’s lives? Did they respect each other? Did they teach you that you could feel secure and happy? That you could do what you wanted to do and achieve what you wanted to achieve because nothing stood in your way? How did they show you love? Was it giving or controlling? How much control did you have over any of this?
A comment made about the standards Marines are supposed to strive for led me to searching out the word oath on my computer.
¼ cup peanut butter (I used smooth since that was what we had on hand)
So far I’ve only used a farming theme sparingly when writing for children. Maybe it’s time to change that; there’s plenty of material!
Thanks to all who have pledged for American Beer Blogger: we have reached our $6,000 goal on Kickstarter! If you still want to pledge, please do: anything extra means a better show (maybe some travel expenses...).
Well as always i take un-normal amount of photo’s just on a walk, but i love that time of the day, only a few people about. And a game of Football see’s someone going to nearly their waist to get the ball before the sea drags it even more..
A toast, “To Mayor Kardashian, may the stress of politics not make her want to pull her own extensions out.”
Me, i still havent started my shopping yet, taking it slow and easy this year...(but if im really honest...Panic!!!lol).
Assuming you did, and things have not gotten better, then it is time to politely tell her that you think there should be a parting of ways. Look at your agency agreement to see if this needs to be done in writing, and in what sort of time frame. Agency agreements can vary quite a bit, so be sure you're following the terms in yours.
" / Tapu, Pigs, and Power; Discussing Tongan Ark / 193
To remember is to forget, because each time one calls to mind a person or scene one overlays it with ones own ideas and understanding. Admirable and less admirable reasons for the same act coexist, the first in the character’s mind, the second in his motivation. This is the foreign self of the novel. And where a genuinely virtuous core of respect for Albertine lies in wait inside Marcel, like a parasite, turning his selfish ”love” for her into a generous one, his hypocritical morality and selfish lusts are alike surprised.
Katherine A. Cronin, Edwin J.C. van Leeuwen, Innocent Chitalu Mulenga, Mark D. Bodamer (2011). "Behavioral response of a chimpanzee mother toward her dead infant," American Journal of Primatology, Article first published online: January 21, 2011. DOI: 10.1002/ajp.20927
Steve’s articles and essays have been published in over 30 academic journals, magazines and newspapers. His work has also been featured widely in the media in the UK, including: BBC Breakfast, BBC World TV, Radio Five, and in The Guardian. Steve lives in Manchester, England with his wife and three young children.
"I didn't go home, I just lied the first time."
Makes 20 .15 oz tubes
The first step was to disarm the Armenians and make them completely helpless.
It's not positive. He may have days to live. His condition could rapidly deteriorate and he would drown in in his fluids - it could happen while we're at work.
This week, mobile phone makers, operators and developers are converging at the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. Hosted by the GSM Association (GSMA), it is the largest gathering of its kind.
B4. Aair Care (5:00)
As for Obama being a font of joke material, I just don’t see it. The reason I don’t see it is not because because of some tribal sense of protectiveness, but because I simply find him boring. On the rare occasion I do hear a joke about Obama, it’s usually a riff on his perceived coolness. I guess a lot of liberals don’t find his lukewarm progressiveness or iffy record on civil liberties that funny.
Ten minutes later, we were at the corner of 1st and M NE, in front of the CVS, when we saw the boy bike past us again. Jaime saw a police cruiser coming south on 1st Street, and I flagged them down. The police asked me to jump in, and we headed the wrong way down M Street toward North Capitol, where the boy was headed.
Reach up to draw you nigh?
Optical Drive Speeds Drive speeds not specified
On reaching the final page of Alice, the reader appreciates why it has to end without epiphany, unless that epiphany is its own absence, an appreciation that neither diminishes nor improves upon re-reading. Alice is dead. It is a prime example what Life Unfurnished calls the Emperor’s New Clothes of contemporary literature: "writing in a manner to give the appearance alone of literature", and wishes someone would cry: "But they aren't writing anything at all!" (To which we may respond: if only!)
Starring: Scott Johnson, Sean Skene, Tenika Davis, Victor Zinck Jr., Terra Vnesa, Jennifer Pudavick, Dean Armstrong, Dan Skene and others.
“Come over, you streak of piss. Come an' I’ll shave your hair, you hippie freak.”
Did I mention that Eleanor was crying throughout all of this? Oh and that the only other people bowling were situated RIGHT NEXT TO US. So as to amply view my son’s very public, nasty meltdown.
Anyway, I wanted to show you guys two rooms for two different little girls (sisters) that I completed last week. Their mom loves color and creativity, so she let me run wild, and I had fun. First up, was this polka-dotted little girl's room that you may have seen on my MyColor blog:
I decided it may be helpful to relate it to work. Primarily our business has been his domain and the house mine. Realizing recently that we both needed a break from the everyday mundane aspects of the daily grind we've integrated. I can see now since beginning to work a few hours each week that he is feeling the way at work much the same as I am feeling at home.
Now, the people I followed last year, did visit and comment and I appreciate that very much!
‘Streets Ô Ramallah’ melds field recordings taken in Ramallah during a rally and the fuzzing beat of kalash and machine gun fire, with a swaying melody played by SC MoCha on the oud. The rally was celebrating the victory of the Fatah party over Hamas at the student elections at Birzeit university in 2005 and the gunshots were celebratory.
1 Satisfied Man
MUSIC: The music in this week's show is from the album 'O Come Let Us Sing', featuring the St. Patrick's Cathedral Choir and St. Patrick's organist Donald Dumler. You can find the album on iTunes.
...or I surely would have blown my brains out. (Hyperbole. Check.)
Ponzi scheme. We demand our money back for all of those bull-crap
She taught me values and gave me self worth
A lot of the older ones are weird, and funny to look at because I don't know how we thought some of the shirts we made were good ideas. I like those ones for different reasons I guess.
“Have you taken the phone into your room?”
Hey there, readers! I bet you thought I'd stopped blogging completely?
We were all thumbs as most first time gay bar guests would be. Hopefully those who have read blogs like this one will not be all thumbs and will be better prepared.
Just realized its been years since i had any of my photos printed.They are all saved on an external HD ,but i don't have any actual prints of them.I remember the days before i got my digital camera ,when i loved flipping through actual photos now i do that on my computer and its just not the same.
MORE than 50 million African workers are to be invited to Europe in a far-reaching secretive migration deal, the Daily Express can reveal today.
Which is kinda impossible though.
The real life Klingsor of the Middle Ages was the Landulf of Capua in Italy… a seriously Evil Satanist and Sorcerer in real time History. That history is detailed in Trevor Ravenscroft’s “Spear of Destiny,” that deals with the Grail Legend and its influence on the Ariosophists in 1800′s Germany that were a prime Philosophical/Occult root of the Nazis’ Third Reich such as the egomaniacal Ariosophist Composer Richard Wagner whose esoteric Operas and imagery influenced the Nazis from their outset far more than Wagner’s pupil who later rejected him and that movement, Friedrich Nietzsche, who was/is the Harry Haller character in Steppenwolf in part beyond author Herman Hesse.
Sigh...I haven't taken my children to the pool as much as I would have liked. I haven't been to even one free concert or farmer's market. Fifi and Mark have not been round to visit MY house. I haven't taken a picture in I don't know how long. I haven't made any mosaic art in even longer. But I'm okay. One step at a time. I am a crummy blogger in that I don't document every step of everything I do, but I love this old house, and one of these days, I will have some pictures of the "after" to share with you. If I am actually willing to share them with you, it will be a miracle, because this redo is literally on a shoestring budget. BUT hope springs eternal, so bear with me. Later today, I'm taking my kiddos up to the mountains for a little fun for several days, so I will be out of the loop even more (no computer access-yikes! I haven't gone "computerless" in a LONG time).
“From one perspective, the European experience provides yet more evidence that trying to cut budget deficits too aggressively can backfire in a big way when economies in most nations remain fragile.
Without that outlet, all too often that quiet desperation can become a very public display of anger and violence. Many times, in the aftermath of a senseless mass murder, for example, the perpetrator is described as a quiet, unassuming person that no one could imagine would commit such a horrendous act of violence. It may not be a coincidence that many of our most extreme crimes of violence are carried out by that quiet, lonely person who always kept to himself.
By November 20th, they had pulled themselves together a bit more, and published a response with a much better tone. Kathy Widmer, Vice President of Marketing for McNeil Consumer Healthcare, offered a new apology that followed our mandate: Be a Person.
The building was designed by world-renowned architect, Gensler, to make a people-friendly, earth-friendly space that reflects Shaklee’s commitment to Living in Harmony with Nature. No matter where you are in the building, you can see sky, trees, hills and fields. Advanced architectural design brings the beauty of outdoors inside with natural light, natural materials, and natural colors.
I don't recommend doing this for anyone else. It's definitely not safe. I like my life, apparently Chris goes back and forth on his :-).
I suppose the blog title says it all but let me explain a teensy bit. I hate to knock something in its entirety so yes, if your candy bar was designed and brought to life by Amy Atlas and the ganache in your imported macarons from Paris match the sashes on your bridesmaids dresses, ... okay ... fine, your candy bar is probably totally fabulous in its own desperate way ..... But. Most candy bars I've seen in real life and on the webs, ... well, they look more like they were designed for a second-grade Valentine's Day party. You know what I'm talking about ... the M&Ms sorted by color and scooped into clear vases ... twizzlers {sometimes still in the wrappers - really?!?} plopped inside another clear vase ... etc. etc. When images of this sort start to become ubiquitous, I find it clear that a trend has run its course. Are you with me?
Lastly we discussed portals. Supposedly a portal is a revolving door where spirits can freely enter our world as well as the after life. These portals are almost always near or above water. At this point in our class I kept thinking of past episodes of Buffy the Vampire Slayer for some reason and kept zoning out. I don't remember much about portals and I'll be damned if I was about to take notes like ol' buck tooth in the class. Oh yes she did.
Hey Guys, How’s Tuesday for everyone?
I experienced taunting as a kid, for being nerdy. Kids called me "Jenny Gladnerd." Those kids are mostly now my Facebook friends, congratulating me on all my successes as a writer. I'm a proud nerd now. (See? It's even up top on the description of my blog.) But it was hard then. I can't imagine how hard it was for Tyler, or the huge numbers of kids who go through much worse bullying than I did. All I can do is hurt for them and their families, and try to be part of the solution.
Dr Shea
Faux urgency
His work has recently been published or accepted by a number of journals and publishers, including World of Myth – Welcome to Wherever – Danse Macabre – Candidum – MelBrake Press blog – First Literary Review – Bewildering Stories – and Pink Mouse.
The idea is to have an exciting story interspersed with plenty of robot facts - of the kind that will, I hope, appeal to the age group in question and, with luck, will pull in some reluctant boy readers. It's for this reason that I have acquired yet another name - the author of the books will be Sam Warren - the younger, geekier brother, perhaps, of Rosalie!
The High Court’s innovation of publishing the parties’ submissions in pending matters on its website is an excellent one. It allows academics, journalists and others more easily to get a clear idea of the questions in issue in important cases, and to analyse and dissect the parties’ arguments.
I wanted to share stories with children; I have always been a story teller. My husband was my inspiration for putting my stories into words on paper. He thought my journals were inspirational and had the idea to make them into a book. And Gary knew how much it meant to me to share.
Elsewhere (Moral Politics, p421), Lakoff has suggested a Negative Income Tax as a means of more fairly distributing wealth. But since we’re discussing how Occupy might frame a shift in moral focus, rather than specific policy, I won’t go into details here. (I’ve written about Negative Income Tax – and similar schemes – in a previous piece).
HP announces: HP today announced that it has signed a $48.5 million contract with the European Commission in consortium with Steria to develop two important central information systems, the second generation of the Schengen Information System (SIS II) and the Visa Information System (VIS).
Well, it's been a long time coming, but I thought it was about time that I provided an update on how I was getting on with uploading Leicester Kyle's collected works.
So we went for a simple breakfast solution: cheesy croissants. Its so simple even a blind drunk with a hangover from hell could handle it. And handle it I did. All I needed was croissants, tomatoes, grated cheese and some mayo to serve!
Who or what motivated you to become a composer?
Many believe that this speeding-up of consciousness — instant manifestation of the desired object or circumstances — is what has triggered such great interest worldwide in systems like the Law of Attraction, the Abraham-Hicks movement and the revival of New Age consciousness-raising techniques.
Beef Chili-fry from the Goa region.
Grabs
Wikipedia defines ‘agent provocateur’ as follows:
Scallop Oval Extra-Large Punch (119856)
So, here are TWO key tips for how you can be bulletproof:
Of course others thought this was crucial. People weren’t ready to stop playing Tetris and Dr. Mario, they wanted slightly colourised versions of their handheld favourites. This trend of the GameBoy carried on right until the DS Lite which could play GameBoy, Game Boy Color (both black and see-through cartridges), GameBoy Advance and DS games. Home consoles joined in on the trend with the PS2 leading the way. This meant the PS2 could claim to have ‘a library of 1000′s of games’ right from launch day. All for no extra cost you were buying a PS1 AND a PS2! Amazing.
I do, however, know a lot about those Mario mushroom dudes. One up!
Sadie says they thought it was fun - - - like camping. She said her mom figured out some way to cook their meals, though Sadie can't quite remember how she did it. They all slept up in the hay mow.
This program could change due to economical events, legal prohibitions, and other unforeseen factors.
It occurs to me that it might help if there were a website somewhere, where mathematicians who have decided not to contribute in any way to Elsevier journals could sign their names electronically. I think that some people would be encouraged to take a stand if they could see that many others were already doing so, and that it would be a good way of making that stand public. Perhaps such a site already exists, in which case I’d like to hear about it and add my name. If it doesn’t, it should be pretty easy to set up, but way beyond my competence I’m afraid. Is there anyone out there who feels like doing it?
“Occupation” can be interpreted broadly to include status as well as vocation
Here's a little inspiration from some of the design team:
If I could just calm down, I don’t think I’d have any trouble dropping the wine habit. But I don’t know how to calm down. I recently quit drinking, altogether, for 3 weeks. During that time period, I worked maniacally on projects into the wee hours instead of going to bed. As soon as I started having wine in the evenings, again, I calmed down. It seems to make me feel better, but I suppose it’s a completely false sense of betterment.
St. James rightly pointed out that faith without works is dead. The reverse is also true.
It all fell into place for me. All life contexts are equally empty, so any life can be “perfect” for our spiritual life. I could be spending all of my life working to cause the Dharma to flourish but still grasp at it as being inherently ordinary, and for me I will be living an ordinary life. Or I could live a completely normal life with a full-out career and family, but relate to that life as my spiritual retreat and training ground, and that is exactly what it will be. The original name I considered for this blog was “life as retreat” to reflect the (near) complete resolution of all contradiction in my mind between my external normal life and my internal spiritual life. My life, as it is, is my long-term spiritual retreat.
A whirlwind of gift giving, eating too much and seeing as many friends and family members as possible is what our Christmas experience is all about. It's our tradition, it's tiring, but we thrive on it. The best part of all of the hub-bub is the 45 minute candle light service, where we stop, we sing, we reflect on the reason for the season. Thankfully, that 45 minutes isn't our only time of reflection! But it is the quietest of all of the moments. We discovered our new favourite Christmas song by a band called Reliant K. The chorus is beautiful and captivates the essence of the night Jesus was born! It goes something like this:
Jeans - Target...had for ages.... destined for the Salvos as they are now to big.
There were definately baby ducks in there...you could see their heart beating and the outlines of their little beaks!
For Dough :
I added a little star in the corner of both my middle fingernails to give it a touch of sparkle!
The background was made with watercolours and acrylic paints. The Scroll butterfly heart stamp was stamped in black ink and embossed with clear embossing powder. Image was coloured with watercolour pens and paints. Really love this stamp.
After nearly 12 months of glued on rubber hoofs, hand made leather hoof boots with rubber souls (thanks to my father's leather work skills) myriads of old witch's potions and a very inventive farrier, we had a very cheeky boy on our hands----and his three times a week swimming exercise had him feeling very well.
So, yes, I bought an old, second hand, used as shit mink coat. I got it at a Salvation Army type place in Oslo called UFF. As in, Uffda! I bought a mink! Well, actually, I made Rich buy it, though I picked it out, so that he could say, in all honestly, that he bought me a mink coat.
Electric blue Paloma skirt: made by me
Borne swiftly on steams rushing wings,
MESSAGE
So in that regard, Finn’s not yet behind schedule.
This was followed by Prokofiev's barnburner of a piano concerto, the third, with the portly 63-year-old Cuban-American pianist Horacio Gutiérrez as soloist. He's had a successful career that spans over four decades but this was my first time seeing him live. The performance started off a little shaky with the orchestra on one wavelength and the at times drowned out Gutiérrez on another. Somewhere in the middle of the first movement, though, they joined forces for a lively, tumultuous, exciting performance that made the music sound new and completely different than any version I have ever heard. The obligatory standing ovation was deserved for a change.
again, and the more I need to repeat that process the more the
Flowers, butterflies and Ladybirds are all Craft for occasion embellishments
Earrings - Handmade by me
“On Nov. 28, Detention Officer John Gordon (not the sheriff’s detective), who was still in his first year of probationary employment, admitted he was bringing in contraband via food.”
In the 1950’s, time limits changed again so that students had much more freedom. They were also able to bring their dates more places…on campus. In the 1960’s, the idea of double-dating was emphasized. Students had to make sure they were with another student on all their dates, signing in and out together. Forgetting to do this had serious consequences. The 1970’s brought about major changes. Alcohol was brought onto campus for the first time and then open dorm hours came into place when men were allowed into women’s personal dorms during specific limited times. In the 1980’s, men were allowed into the rooms more often, but definitely not overnight. In the 1990’s, serious changes were made. Visitors were finally allowed to stay overnight. There was also a lot of liberalization during this time, and lesbian couples on campus became more prevalent. This brings us to the 2000’s. First years were allowed guests on the weekends while upperclassman could still have overnight guests. Overnight guests were limited by squatter laws that allowed guests to stay in a student’s dorm room for three nights over a two-week consecutive period.
And I don't regret a thing.
Inna Basina, 43, New York, N.Y.
When I arrived in Los Angeles to clean out my apartment, I thought I'd go to yoga every day, see a bazillion friends, and sell my furniture lickity split.
There's a job open at a private school in Manhattan that I'm interested in applying to even though I have none of the stated qualifications. It's a job teaching middle and upper school world History. As I wrote a note to the interviewer in my head, I said this:
Unfortunately, sexy and using a keyboard don’t really go together unless I actually do mean to type Imq;ess P tea;;u zm tupimg, so I spend the morning with a large bulldog clip keeping my hair out of my eyes and pretending I don’t care if people are laughing at me.
OK now I get into overcritical mode over specific plot points.
Had a son naturally, was so happy about that victory. 2 months passed by and post partum depression was setting in. I was getting angry easily and did my first half ass suicide attempt by taking tylenols and such. Was brought to the hospital in Calgary, was then released shortly after.
creating whimsical, silly, impossible dreams
Une Annee will be the end-product of A-Pink’s collaboration with a variety of established producers and musicians, all in aim to raise the group’s bar in their performance, vocals, and dance.
“Whomsoever you encounter is the right one”
Ribbon: Michaels
There is nothing like Sunday afternoon, when all has gone well, and I've spoken the words which needed said; and all of us have responded as we needed to.
Thu 11/6 Philadelphia, PA The Electric Factory
We do not know what Zell-like is. We don’t get a very good sense of Zell, which is another problem in this query. His high school status, by this point, has been forgotten about and that makes me think you threw it in to make this YA.
In the afternoon, what energies I have will be used to empty my loft (pre-electrician’s visit), bring down the boxes of already-bought presents that will overwhelm my mother in September, when she’s easily pleased, although I suspect she overplays it, oversells for my benefit. My aunt, her twin, will just look overawed, carrying her overladen gift bag into the kitchen, putting her Andre Rieu DVDs with the others. An überfan.
I wince and fall to one knee when I spot it, a stray flare off of the son. Looking at it, thinking about it, causes pain. I reach out to it, as if it was a pin jabbed into my side and I realize it is screaming across the sky.
Q: Do I need to have read your earlier books?
Then my parents got divorced.
Anyway, the place was cozy and well lit.
May God preserve our cause!
Another Peter Spier. This is my second favorite Christmas book ever. It isn't Christmas without this book. His dipictions of the Christmas festivities are incredibly accurate, right down to the mounds of dirty dishes, the not pristine Christmas tree with homemade decorations, and too-small Christmas gifts.
Know your size
This post will focus specifically on India’s current rate of energy consumption and the actors focused on utilizing solar PV in India. The next post will focus more on the changes these actors recently made to the energy sector and how that will effect India in the long run.
And they’re just some of the big names in the fast food industry. Apparently the 10 largest in the US ranked by number of outlets. Over 90,000 between them in the US alone. They’re everywhere making them pretty hard to ignore.
Not a fan of resolutions – though I am a big fan of goals and plans. Spending some time today looking forward and collecting my thoughts for what I would like to see happen in the coming year. Not so much a resolution as a map of intentions and promises to myself. Doesn’t need a change in the calendar year to happen – but there is a clean neatness to this mark of time – so why not take advantage of the moment and create some momentum?
The Cult
In the long history of social movements, geography has proven a differentiating factor within scenes and communities. Chang demonstrates this most clearly in the division between the East coast black nationalist message of Public Enemy and that of nihilistic overdose heard in the gangsta rap pioneered by Compton’s NWA and others. Though the gang scene in New York had died down and enough black affluence accumulated such that suburbanites like Chuck D could craft It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back, in Los Angeles gangs had long permeated the “electro rap scene.” (see the work of Felicia Viator for more) NWA’s “poems celebrated pushers, played bitches, killed enemies and assassinated police. Fuck delayed gratification, they said, take it all now,” notes Chang (319). While Chang’s example provides a useful point of reference for the effects of geography, it also encapsulates some of the very misogyny that late 1980s and early 1990s rap perpetuated. Even Public Enemy pushed a very masculine vision of black nationalism, while NWA, Easy E, Dre, Ice T and Ice Cube trafficked in misogyny. They may have also been vitally important as protests against police brutality and the reality of urban life under the cascade of 1980s free market municipal governments, but they also marginalized women, the very trend Riot Grrrl hoped to reverse.
The trade deficit matters because it reduces national income and employment. A large trade deficit makes the still sluggish economic recovery even more so, because imports create fewer jobs in the United States than do goods or services produced in the U.S. The trade deficit also matters because it adds to the nation’s indebtedness to other nations. The United States has long had a trade deficit in manufacturing. There is also a trade deficit in agriculture and natural resources, which is driven largely by oil imports. The nation has a small trade surplus in services. A trade deficit has to be paid for by borrowing from abroad. This is money that could be used to invest in our own domestic economy.
From Chicago, the city with two seasons: frozen tundra, and construction, it's your host, the woman who single-handedly smooshed a spider before it could eat off her face the other night, Dawn Meehan! And now, answers to your questions...
And this is no mere strengthening or empowerment. No the apostle says we are being empowered according to his glorious might precisely so that we do not run out of endurance are flag in our patience or become wishy-washy in our joy or lackadaisical in our thanksgiving. Instead, we are strengthened with his strength so that we can persevere in joy and patience and thanksgiving and endurance. I wonder sometimes, when I am weak, do I remember that as long as I try to persevere and endure in my own strength I am doomed to fail? This is why He strengthens us.
Crisis Hasn’t Stopped Demand
Four months of HAPPENING.
The David Cone card is a nice card - it's a horizontal shot that is head and shoulders better than the Pinnacle photo. Tied back up at 4 each.
How he hangs upon the flower.
(Doesn't have the same ring, does it?)
On our way South we were about to cut through Java to Mbali to start our Leopard search when we received a message that a pack of Wilddogs had been located not far away. We were aware that some of the guys were tracking them but did not think that they would locate on them that quickly. Once again being lucky enough to be close to the area we put our plans on hold and responded to the dogs, after all it's not everyday you get to see this endangered species. Making our way into the sighting we found them lying all over the place and it was difficult to find a spot to approach from as they seemed to be everywhere. A final count had them at nineteen, which is a very impressive pack especially when you get to see them get mobile and start running in their distinctive line as we did soon after joining the sighting. As you can imagine the sighting attracted a fair amount of attention so we did not stay long so as to give everyone a chance to get to see them before the sun set, as we do not view them after
FREEDOM!
There are people who tell the most amazing stories (especially grandparents or people who travel a lot), they are animated and they pull you in with their charm and charisma. Even if everyone knows they are exaggerating, usually the listeners don’t care because it’s so freaking entertaining. And that’s cool. Usually people don’t mind that.
Obama: I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about!
I talked about how the challenge to Judy Blume's Forever http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Forever/Judy-Blume/e/9781416934004/?itm=1&USRI=judy+blume+forever resulted in the completion of my PhD in Library Science and focusing on young adult literature. Sometimes I still chuckle when I remember how the principal,who attempted to remove the book from a HS library, couldn't figure out why he was getting so many letters and phone calls about how wrong he was in trying to remove this well known and beloved young adult novel that had been in the library since it was initially published in hardback format in the mid 1970s. This was the early 90s and I had replaced the falling apart hardback with a bound paperback edition - the one that has a locket on the front.
Since YA novels about banshees are few and far between, Rachel Vincent is exploring some new ground here in putting an urban spin on this eerie old legend. Where some paranormal novels seem to be struggling to reinvent the wheel, this one introduces us to a relatively unknown species with worldbuilding that's satisfyingly complex without ever seeming overworked. While the book never gets quite as dark as its subject matter might suggest it could, the intricacies of bean sidhe life are instead portrayed with a touch of welcome wry humour. And though the notion of an entire species whose females are inherently hysterical could make for some dubious gender stereotyping, in fact there's a lot more to Rachel Vincent's banshees than screaming. As a human teenager Kaylee is a fairly ordinary character, but her not-so-human characteristics cast her apparent tendency to freak out in a whole new light that makes for fascinating reading.
Chris would wait up ahead and watch for Cindi to wave so he could get my picture. The relay people went straight ahead at this point while all the Half and Full runners turned. It really didn’t affect the crowd much (the relay people joined back up a block or two later after their exchange).
dress: vintage, belt: from somewhere in Italy, boots: from somewhere in Italy, tights: Hue, denim shirt: Madewell
I'll list the samples I used, but be forewarned that I don't think the photos do these colors justice. They look darker, greener, and much more saturated in real life. It was a bit dark when I was taking the photos so I struggled with the lighting. Top left: Valspar Ocean Soul. Top middle: Benjamin Moore Deep Ocean. Bottom left: Valspar Vintage Teal. Bottom right: Valspar Nightshade. The color on the top right is a mixture of Deep Ocean and Ocean Soul, and that is what I am favoring (I'll call it Deep Ocean Soul). It's a deep teal without too much green.
by the provocations of others.
Look to the definitions of change in any dictionary and what will you find? – “alter, amend, transform, make different, transfer, substitute, replace” – not one of those words guarantees anything good will come from the process, just that it will not be the same when its done.
It also seems that for those on business programming most reported economic data can also be spun in a positive way and that if there are two conflicting reports, the one showing an improving economy will be highlighted and promoted.
Worldview – A cosmic philosophy in not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon (p. 282).
For starters Mikael’s Mom, Catharina, came to visit for an action-packed Easter weekend, filled with adventures both in and outside of the city’s boundaries. From underneath the Pantheon to the top of the Sacre Coeur, from Matisse’s window’s to Monet’s gardens, we saw and did it all. Rising early and collapsing late, it’s no exaggeration when we say we managed to see more of our city during her 4 day stay than we have since we moved here last fall. Click below to see some of the highlights.
A few months ago, right before she started her campaign of trying to make herself a fixture in my living room, she convinced me to go to the shoe store with her. It was a particular shoe store that we had gotten coupons for in the mail, and I had actually been wanting to go there myself, and that is the only reason she got me to go. I wanted to see if they had any cute shoes I thought Tee would like, and then we could come back with the coupon, but I didn't take it with me at the time because I know better than to spend a lot of money on shoes for her that she hasn't seen.
"I care not what puppet is placed upon the throne of England to rule the Empire on which the sun never sets. The man who controls Britain's money supply controls the British Empire, and I control the British money supply."
A second category of borrowers who can earn a very high rate of return are those with high-cost debt. A borrower paying 18 percent on credit card balances earns a return of 18 percent by paying down the balances.
I’m a single woman in my 30s and I don’t have children.
So, last week, after much talk about how Maria and I have these gym membership cards that must be nearly going mouldy from sitting unused, we decided to take a Zumba class. Well, actually, to be honest, I decided, and dragged her along, knowing full well that she is less co-ordinated than me, and might possibly make me look good (what a great friend I am, right?!) I went into the class freaking out. I am not overly co-ordinated when it comes to dancing. I don’t “get down” in the club. I can count, and I enjoy music, but my body is much better at lifting weights than it is at wiggling in a particular way (and looking good while it wiggles).
imagination in quite a big way. Then there's the way people
-Grifter agrees to help Nico and meets the rest of the human resistance, including Deathblow.
Enchanted creature: unicorn (absolutely nothing to do with the Muse’s glittery horn at her throat…)
For a few days, I’ve been meditating on the anointing and searching the word to discover it afresh.
we had a wonderful christmas together… was just our family and granny. the day had a bit of poignancy about it as it was the first christmas without grandad who died earlier this month. he was very missed on the day, despite all the joy and excitement of opening presents and the delish food. we have a family tradition of opening a present on christmas eve after our church service. each year the kids get new pjs. so they look cute in the photos the next day. yes seriously. we dont do santa, but the kids get a pillowcase with things like a lunchbox, books, new undies and smaller toys in it. then this year we opened a few wrapped presents but then waited for granny to come at 11am when we opened the rest of the presents. our whanau was blested this year to get an xbox. big joy for the kids. evangeline has lived in her tangled (the movie) dress since christmas and loves her new mini cd player. caleb got a neat star wars colour poster book and some bayblades (spinning tops) and stadium. lots of versing in our family. he also got a soccer net which the neighbour boys also are loving. we had a scrummy roast for lunch and then settle down for xboxing, nana napping and skyping the rest of the whanau in australia and the south island.
Damnit.
Local administration official Sher Bahadur confirmed the military deaths but put the number of wounded paramilitary at 12.
We live in a society that is fascinated with nicknames. There’s a bit of the poet in all of us, perhaps, trying to add some color by describing people through the use of nicknames, like Ginger for a girl with red hair, and the self-explanatory Slim, Curly and The Refrigerator. What better nickname for a superstar basketball player known for his incredible leaping ability than “Air Jordan”?
2.) You MUST have recently commented on a blog post - in your email, let me know which post you commented on.
So we are cleared to TTC with my next period. That really made me excited. I'm glad there isn't any of this horribly long wait time like with my miscarriages. But we are choosing to wait until January. For one, I'm not taking my vitamins like I should. I have this grudge against my prenatals I think. I mean I've been taking them since July of 2009 and they haven't done me a damn bit of good. And now that I'm on my third loss I really feel like I'm rebelling. I can't seem to get back in the habit of them. I'm just pissed that they haven't done any good. That nothing I've done has done any good but people all around me can get knocked up when they aren't even trying and don't even care.
Don't forget to check back later for our new challenge, which I am sure you are going to luv!
It is now the Doctor's turn for a trial. The Doctor not only admits he is guilty of interference but that he is proud of it. The Time Lords give the Doctor a 'thought channel' and he shows them some of the beings he has faced, including Quarks, Yeti, Ice Warriors, Cybermen, and Daleks. The Doctor defiantly pleads "All these evils I have fought, while you have done nothing but observe! True, I am guilty of interference. Just as you are guilty of failing to use your great powers to help those in need!"
3 drops rose water (and I really mean drops. a little goes a long way.)
So okay, it’s got no preservatives added. That’s really good, right? Not just because it doesn’t have those icky, harmful ingredients, but it also means... It's HEALTHY!!!
Perhaps U.S. responsibility is partially our complicity in not asking enough questions of our Allies who had much greater insight into the Zionist initiative, such as England and France. We and the Europeans were also a bit racist in underestimating the capacity of underdeveloped Arabs to eventually resist such an imposition. The disenfranchised Islamic peoples of Palestine seemed incapable of credibly threatening the existence of Israel then or later by the projections of that time, and the state of nuclear technology made proliferation unimaginable in 1948. The complicity of the U.S. today is therefore not due to a conscious policy adoption, but rather a creeping mandate fueled by WWII haste. Seedling efforts that eventually led to the UN were followed by the Holocaust, causing a fateful rush to establish Israel prematurely. In this respect the Israeli people cannot be blamed for the dilemma they find themselves in. We placed Jews in a do-or-die context where there are going to be winners and losers. They have prevailed to-date, and understandably have developed a hypersensitive concern for security that aggravates neighbors who come to suffer from it. Then there are the Palestinians, many of whose parents lost homes and traditional lands at the hands of foreigners. As with any proud people this would cause a lethal rage for generations to come.
- 1 T. coconut butter
Guano Apes Lords of the board D
I believe strongly that all expenditure by MPs – whether it is on staffing and office costs, or for reimbursement of our own expenses – should be made available regularly for the scrutiny of those we are accountable to, our constituents.
Grieving over nothing
This all came
In the age of free blogging resources, Facebook and Twitter — and with 68 per cent of Malaysians using the Internet and over 90 per cent on cellular phones — this shouldn’t prove very hard. Because as voters we deserve to know, damnit.
Scrip analysis will be available on Sunday the February, 14th 2010
Scandinavian countries are quite famously liberal in their views yet they varied from 15 to 18.
Fan fiction: Fan written stories inspired by original works by others.
"Adobo"
Small Faces - Green Circles (Italian version)
When you are ready for the Christmas Pudding, remove it from the double boiler. Place on a serving plate. Heat brandy in a metal ladle until it nears flashpoint, then light afire. Pour over the Christmas Pudding and bring to the table. Serve a generous spoonful of pudding with lashings of brandy butter.
UPDATE! - Some other less commonly-used blogging modes:
Belief Example 1: Most people just want to be left alone.
(*the new locals call Pechter's Bakery, "Ward's Bakery" which was the original builder and name of the structure dating back almost 100 years.)
But I passed over our doggy bag, and we all turned to look at the eight year old boy's face. And his little brother, bright shining cheeks, aged around four, racing as fast as his four year old legs could carry him, through the traffic towards the cooling chips. How it made me ashamed. Children, younger than ours, who don't have enough to eat, in our bit of our town.
This bouquet is made completely out of paper and various Stampin' Up! punches and dies (well, that and a little floral wire, floral tape, and a couple of sticks :)) This detailed tutorial contains step-by-step instructions on how make each of these stunning flowers and how to replicate the bouquet. The tutorial is in five parts. Each tutorial gives clear instructions with tons of gorgeous photos on how to make the white hydrangea, roses, rose buds, pine needles, large pinecones to make this bouquet plus step-by-step instructions on how to assemble and put it all together. The complete tutorial is 21 pages in length and has 59 photos. The flowers are not difficult to make, but a lot of photos are required to give complete step-by-step instruction. It also gives lots of instruction on how to create the subtle effects that really make everything look real and come to life.
Here is a picture of PDRM thug left, and right. On the left he pretends to be a Bersih participant beating a police officer (traffic). On the right , he is wearing a PDRM neon jacket. Looks like he was brought in for one purpose – cause chaos and kick around. Perhaps he was even a gangster , for real ? Who knows ?
I remember I was at Ygnacio Valley High School, freshman year. It was 7:00 a.m. and at early morning seminary people where talking about the world trade center getting hit by an airplane. I had honestly never heard of the world trade center. I knew it was some government building in NYC and what I pictured in my mind was a very small building that a small plane crashed into. I had no idea. We walked to school after seminary and I was talking with my volleyball team friends. There was a lot of chatter about the WTC that I didn't quite understand but I began to realize how serious it was. Things really got intense when the principal of our school got on the intercom. She announced that our country had been attacked by terrorists in New York City, that a plane had been flown into one of the World Trade Center towers, and that we didn't need to worry, we were safe at school. When I got to my first class, my teacher had the news on. That is when the magnitude of what happened really hit me. I saw the images over and over again of a planes flying into the towers and watching the towers fall. Over and over again. For the following week, all we did was watch the news and talk about it. We talked about the world and how something like this could happen. I will never forget: going to seminary, hearing about it there, standing outside the school and hearing my principal over the intercom and then seeing the footage over and over again in class. A small part of me also thinks that I may remember my parents saying something about it when I was leaving for seminary. I just had no idea what they were talking about until I got to school.
Businesses in Saudi Arabia are ripping off their customers, especially their female customers, by their lack of a reasonable return or exchange policy. I, for one, dislike shopping for clothing in Saudi Arabia specifically because of these reasons.
Scarf: Alexander McQueen
And then. Oh, and then.
play dough with letter cookie cutters, shape cookie cutter, child safe scissors, rolling pin, etc... (I loved this play dough idea from Fumbling through Parenthood Blog, she has lots of ideas for what she calls "tot trays", similar concept to work boxes)
“More than 50 percent of such attacks target organizations with fewer than 2,500 employees, and almost 18 percent target companies with fewer than 250 employees,” the report read. “These organizations may be targeted because they are in the supply chain or partner ecosystem of a larger company and because they are less well-defended. Furthermore, 58 percent of attacks target non-execs, employees in roles such as human resources, public relations, and sales. Individuals in these jobs may not have direct access to information, but they can serve as a direct link into the company. They are also easy for attackers to identify online and are used to getting proactive inquiries and attachments from unknown sources.”
P.S. Arrive in line 15 minutes before 10pm or be prepared to wait for days.
But what makes us even more alike is love. Though our individual experiences might differ, most of us would have, at one point in our lives or another, loved and/or lost. I know I have.
The scaffolding has been removed from 6802 Fourth Avenue, now that the repairs to the parapets on the roof have been completed.
I like the idea of backyard chickens because it speaks to me of a more laid back, relaxed society. It may be that the cool ocean breezes of Hawaii are still wafting through my soul, but Toronto seemed unnecessarily uptight when I returned home this week.
Unfortunately I got bad allergies from really really crazy winds that were blowing around that turned me in to an inflammation nightmare. That, coupled with experimenting with my blood sugar log (I wanted to see what would happen with my sugars when I ate a "treat" aka sugary stuff, vs normal stuff vs. healthy stuff) I think really set me back. I blew about 2.32L last Tuesday (at about 4.5 weeks).
For the icing:
TVHAX Blog (tvhaxblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
That very same night, Andrei played his first game back from injury in two years. After watching him that game, as well as in tonight's game, I see he is back and well worth the 5 mil he's signed for next year. Stay Healthy my friend. We need you.
Another article stated that a blood test is still not an accurate indicator of Iodine levels. I read this to be kind of like a false/positive outcome. The test could show you are fine in the Iodine levels but actually be too low. (I would like to know what test is being used to determine a good outcome still might be wrong.)
Well it’s been ages, hasn’t it blog? Feels like it anyway. I never dreamed that I would get so busy so quickly, but I suppose that comes with the territory of changing your life. As some of you know, I’m trying to change careers and pursue something more along the lines of something I’ll enjoy rather than grudgingly accept.
It was amazing and I can't wait to read the next book. When is it coming out, anyways?
See overhead the cloudy sky
- salt and peppper to taste
She tried to interject some reason into her partner, "Mulder! Do you realize what you're saying?"
Choose a dark color from your tag, Layers, New Raster Layer, Floodfill with color choice
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
I was trying to find a quote that sums up what I'm feeling right now, and this one was the closest.
I like to think that cows were created with technology like AI in mind. With no males present, females will mount other females that are in heat in the same manor that a bull would mount a cow to breed her. When a cow will stand and allow another cow to mount her for several seconds, we call it “standing heat”. We try to breed the cow 12 hours after we observe standing heat. The cow doing the mounting is not always in heat, but it’s always wise to watch cows that are hanging out together when one is in heat because the other(s) may either also be in heat or be coming into heat soon.
O’Brien J, Rosenwasser SK. Counseling for occupational exposures and reproductive risks. Semin Perinatol 1993; 17: 45-49.
“A. With careful preparation and packaging, plutonium metal and stabilized plutonium oxide can be stored safely over periods as long as a few decades. The draft DOE standard on storage of plutonium metal and oxide is a good guide to established storage practice for metal and oxide.” (Section I).
I intend to realize what I need to keep intending
I LOVE Kabocha squash (as I have said many times before). Usually I just roast and eat it as a veggie dish, or make it into soup, but I am always interesting when I see a recipe with a new use for Kabocha squash.
Now, most people would agree that in typical murder cases that the man who pulled the trigger is responsible for the shooting. However, Mr. Rivera is attempting to transcend basic law and order and claim that Trayvon’s hoodie is somehow accountable for his own death. Based on Geraldo’s logic, anyone wearing a hooded sweatshirt appears ready to commit a crime. I guess Mr. Rivera would also agree that anyone wearing a hoodie at a football game is actually planning to rob the concession stands.
I wouldn’t have minded
What is the meaning behind the name the Evil Goods?
Christmas cookies are a tradition for a reason-- everyone loves cookies, they are for the most part inexpensive and easy to bake, plus they make lovely homemade gifts. This year I'm making special gift bags for the friends of my teens. I've been giving cookies as gifts for over 20 years now, and have learned a few things along the way.
"Green waits
1. They have a sense of style. Not just the ones who look gay, but all Chinese men seem to have a good sense of style. I don’t see the baggy jeans all torn up around the bottom from dragging on the ground that I see at home. Chinese men do seem to keep their shoes immaculately clean and even shiny in some cases. They wear shirts that fit properly and aren’t old, faded, or deodorant stained under the arms. They freely wear all kinds of hats, ties, suit jackets and even have those man bags (suspiciously feminine but doesn’t mean you’re gay.) They keep up their hair styles and trim their beards for the precious few that can grow them.
And my boy got a cold today.
This might sounds very negative, but the reality is that although launching a business is a very exciting time there is no escaping the fact that there will be bad times as well as good. This is why optimism is a great trait to have, but combined with that an understanding that you also have to be prepared for the down times. Blindly thinking it’ll all work out in the end is not the way to business success, but positive thinking will certainly help creative a good business. After all you have to have a passion and excitement for what you do. Positivity will definitely be reflected in your business and, if you have them, your staff too. You might have staff that will give your business the right balance, but even better is to have a partner you can trust and who will work to counter any weaknesses you have.
Well, because I get a few emails here and there asking for my advice on how to do a number of blog-related tasks, I thought I'd pop in to share the website of two of my favourite blogging pros and friends. Sarah and Lyndsay of The Blog Guidebook are THE go-to resource for those of us who want to navigate the inner workings and design of our blog.
So what I’ve said to the leaders is, bring back to me some ideas that you think can get the necessary number of votes in the House and in the Senate. I’m happy to consider all options, all alternatives that they’re looking at. The things that I will not consider are a 30-day or a 60-day or a 90-day or a 180-day temporary stopgap resolution to this problem. This is the United States of America, and we don’t manage our affairs in three-month increments. We don’t risk U.S. default on our obligations because we can’t put politics aside.
6. Tried a new cookie recipe. Browned butter sugar cookies. Possible the best cookies I've ever made. I found the recipe here.
These pics are from a few years ago, when I went to Milan to be part of the art fair Miart as a gallerist, the story was published by some press, you can check one article on this link (although it’s in spanish).
Take the lion for example. Experienced animal trainers take a stool with them when they step into a cage with a lion.
1 tbsp. fresh dill
(note the twisted bare part of the branch that is the only thing preventing it from falling)
Now I have never win anything...seriously! I don't even bother to enter contests and lotteries anymore because I just don't ever win! Of course the not entering part could have something to do with not winning, but you know what I mean!
Blondie: iPhone.
Traditional OnStar features such as door lock, unlock and remote horn and lights – which have typically been accessible only through a call into the OnStar call center – will now be available via the application.
3-4 tbsf oil. You can use any. Does not matter
Aviation Security officials have responded that if we are to be secure in our travel that we must all be willing to sacrifice some personal liberty for “safety's sake”. The problem is that the air travel situation in this country is an amazing first world nightmare. Airlines are constantly in a poor financial state year end and year out. And it seems five years can not go by with out one major air carrier seeking protection from bankruptcy.
The Correlation Of Physical Human Vision And Photography Camera truly makes a lot of sense when the purpose of each part is clearly explained!
Some years later Levka — now an observer with the forces of the North during the Korean War — expectedly found himself in a position to settle the debt. To do so, however, he would have to defect. Could he do it?
Cuba found succor in a close relationship with the Soviet Union – which led to the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1961, after the Russians retaliated to U.S. missiles being placed in Turkey and the Middle East by placing nuclear missiles 90 miles from Florida. The showdown was a hair’s breadth from nuclear Armageddon (every elementary school kid of that era can remember the hilariously inept “duck and cover” drills), and shortly thereafter, in 1963, the USA imposed a complete diplomatic and economic embargo of our neighbor to the south.
After a longer than expected hiatus, I return with to blogging with my comments on the biggest news in tech this years. On May 10th, Microsoft confirmed it acquisition of Skype for an impressive figure of $8.5 billion. While regularity approval is still outstanding on the deal, it is planned that Skype will become a new business unit within Microsoft and will be lead by its former CEO, Tony Bates. This blog post will examine likely reasons behind the purchase and the impact that will have both for the consumer and on the IT industry as a whole.
As a child were you ever interested in all the good things that your parents preached on and on? Or were you interested in your grandmother’s little stories that also preached the same lessons? Strikes a chord? Well, The habit of winning is like those stories with the preaching hidden in between.
PPS For my next batch of tests, I plan to submit writing samples of well known published writers and see what the binary beast comes up with.
In reality, advertising is actually quite a conservative business and, like it or not, a lot of the creative output out there follows fashion or feels similar to whatever else is around. Sub-consciously or not, most people only do stuff that is in their comfort zone or which feels like it fits in with whatever else is being produced.
PS: I'm not actually pigeon-toed. I'm just trying to show off the buttons and fake underlap.
This, honestly, is the big thing that I've been meaning to share with my fellow Rom fans for years. The one that's prompted me to finally clean out my queue of Rom items. At first, I sat on it just because I was hoping I'd hear from him soon with more scans of his newly purchased stickers. But days turned into weeks turned into months and I let it go. (Have I mentioned I'm a master procrastinator?) So my apologies to the Rom community for not sharing this a long time ago.
It all depends on the number of distractions, if you know what I mean.
I just ask why, if conjuring up nostlagia is no longer a presidence for people to stick with your brand (especially a somewhat redundant brand since smart phones and internet on the go makes any form of crummy search engine pointless), then why not think of new more appealing ways to get customers. You can’t have your cake and eat it Yell. Now i give you props on having a brand identity based off my favourite colour but come on.
sugar, if desired
Taitz states that Obama should be found, because of the evidence presented, ineligible to serve as President.
Grant did really good today. He was a bit shy at first, but he warmed up pretty quickly. He has really improved in just one week's time. They asked me if we had been practicing at home. They did some warm ups, practiced kicking it in to the goal, passing back and forth and they did some throw ins. The also played bubbles and with the parachute.
She warned the audience of the threat from “a deeply intolerant militant secularization,” and called, instead of liberty, for European leaders to heed the Pope’s message about the indispensable role of his faith, not hers, as a foundation of democracy. Baroness Warsi quoted the Holy Father’s words about the impossibility to disconnect Europe’s past and future history from Christianity.
So who is that God that Joseph knew? What is His character like?
Economists do agree on many things. An article by Adam Ozimek looks at some “controversial” issues (though, later he blogs that he did receive some flak over the article). Most are also painfully aware of how many things economists disagree on. Some of the popular include the debates over fiscal policy and monetary policy. Economists frequently and heatedly disagree on the levels of intervention and even whether the government should intervene at all.
So Mum and I decided that rather than framing it, it would be a good idea to make the piece into a wall hanging. So Mum found some lovely black and gold fabric which complements the black of the stitching and the little gold beads that had been used as embellishments and we got to work!
*cough cough*
Three years have passed since Pakatan Rakyat was formed on April 1, 2008. The Malaysian political scene has become murkier and messier since March 8, 2008, when for the first time the BN was denied its long-standing two-thirds majority in Parliament.
I'm thankful we're all still here together, though some of us are carrying scars from the year. That we could afford to buy more food than 2 people, 4 cats, 3 rabbits and 18 birds could possibly eat.
I’ve started to look at time management more seriously. There are a lot of things I’d like to do and not that much time to fit them in (small design projects, train for half marathon, this blog, etc.). TV has become a lot less important. Before I got rid of my cable 2+ years ago I would come home from work and plop down on the couch and just surf the channels for the next 30 minutes of entertainment, a similar albeit less lengthy ritual in college. Suddenly, it’s midnight and I meant to go to bed 2 hours ago. Now if I want to use the time to watch a show, you better believe I want to be there…and you know what? I don’t miss it. I realized I wasn’t really watching anything I was just wasting time. I’ve learned to tell myself to do things in order of importance. This has allowed me to start scratching some things off my list that have been on there for years.
Keith L.O.V.E.S his new job, and they love him. We're starting to find people we can be friends with as well.
White citizens of South Africa have experienced violence from their black fellow citizen like no other people on the planet. Since the ANC came to power in 1994, 45,000 to 50,000 white citizens have been murdered. Over 90,000 children, young girls and women have been raped. Boer farmers represent 40,000 SA’s of which well over 3,000 have been murdered. They are being murdered at four times the national average which discounting the Boers is the worse murder rate in the world. These farmer murders are the vilest and reprehensible murders in that the victims are raped, viciously tortured having boiling water poured down their throats, burned with irons, tendons cut, sexual mutilations and finally having their throats cut. Many, many more have survived attacks, robberies, and random beatings. Genocide Watch believes that that since the ANC has come to power in 1994 the crimes statistics are much higher and with the help of the government, the police and the world press they have managed to cover it up. Indeed the South African police and government have stopped reporting Black on White crime statistics to hide what is happening from the rest of the world.
Reading this book really brought me back to the past. In 1996, I was still in elementary school so I do remember some of the different things mentioned like the Discman or even when my family first got dial-up internet at home…and there was even some references of a couple YA books written in the 90’s too.
Anders Mogensen has been one of the leading modern jazz drummers in Denmark for the last 10 years. He has recorded with Gary Thomas, Niels Lan Doky, Copenhagen Art Ensemble, Ray Anderson among many others. His playing is complex but swinging and his personal sound on the drums is an important part of the music played in the band.
We suggest you stay at:
In all those "what if's", the only true bottleneck to the development of this white elephant was Sheldon Silver. All efforts of DDDB and all other opponents should have been focused on lobbying Silver from the start. That was only ever going to be magic bullet to stop this thing. I fear it's an opportunity squandered.
♥ Rady
Hey everyone! I have an awesome announcement! Two days ago, February 12,2012, I have had this blog for exactly ONE YEAR! I am seriously amazed. I didn't think it would last this long, but before I knew it, blogging had become a hobby for me. I know I don't do it as much as I should, but it's just amazing. I thought I would write a blog post out on the things this blog has done for me.
Laing
He added of his assistant Amy Pond, played by Karen Gillan: "And Amy's got real fire in her belly. But there's also great affection and love there, and we're developing that all the time."
Laura: Don't worry about it. Even the cartoon guy at the fair made my head look weird.
c) East Malaysians living in Peninsula Malaysia and West Malaysians living in East Malaysia.
Looking ahead, I know that I won't work at this job until I retire. At this point, I'm hoping to make it a year. I know that the next job will certainly have a its share of nonsense-- what job doesn't? But there will be a next job. Knowing that is helping me tolerate this job.
What does remain healthy in Ireland is its small poetry presses and journals who do extraordinary things under sometimes impossible economic circumstances. Stand up and be counted, Gallery Press, Salmon Poetry, Dedalus Press and Poetry Ireland. You are our true international publishers by forging writing communities and representation throughout the world.
1975 – One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest
the awakening of stones,
Both were very, very good but I agreed with Buck in tha tthe Teikoku just edged it over the Rising Sun.
Now, as The Wall Street Journal so helpfully points out, with graphs and everything!, people are breaking up by instant message — 14 percent of those born after 1984, versus only three percent born before 1975.
26.) From Climbing the Mango Trees by Mahdur Jaffrey:
A brief pause, and then Sutton’s voice comes back over the radio, “Sir, the Sergeant Major reports he still has full combat load. I report that I also have full combat load for my M4 and 64 rounds of .300 Win Mag. We still have two frag grenades each and one green and one white smoke grenade each.”
The villagers took the matter to the High Court last year and they are now waiting for a hearing to be fixed.
It's sad that Jon Stewart has to give Dr. Ron Paul the coverage due! Its equally sad that Dr. Paul is being pushed aside for the candidate "THEY" want you to pick. Isn't that upsetting?
Since, then, “the eyes of the Lord are upon the just” who can in reality harm you in the end, if you be zealous imitators of good, if you take care to conform all your words and actions to the standard of goodness, for, “if the Lord be with us, who is against us?” “All things work together unto good for them that love God.“(Rom 8) Others interpret this verse differently. According to them, the Apostle, in it adduces an argument derived from ordinary experience to confirm what he had already said with reference to God’s Providence regarding his elect. If a man ” be zealous of good,” if he take care to govern his tongue and refrain from retaliation either by word or deed, very few will have any disposition to injure him in his temporal prospects. And in reply to the objection against this interpretation derived from the words of St. Paul, “all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution” (2 Tim 3:12), they say that the words of St. Paul regard times of persecution for the faith, or at least that the just shall always carry the cross in some shape or other, if not from external persecution, at least from temptations on the part of the leagued enemies of man’s salvation. The first interpretation seems the more probable.—(Vide Paraphrase). “Zealous of good.” In some Greek copies, followers of good. The chief manuscripts and versions are in favour of the Vulgate.
I have also found out that many girls would stay with the guy who beats them up rather than stay with the gentle lover. The reasoning here’s that, it’s the guy’s obsession (welcomed), jealousy and envy over his woman that makes him beat her up! A lady claimed that her man beat her up because, he wasn’t the talking type but the macho one who would sooner act than be gentle and if he wasn’t macho, she wouldn’t love him (also makes the make-up sex ‘wonderful!).
The Catalans need no introduction and have been at the top of the pile for some time but the Basques of Athletic Bilbao have been the surprise of the season for me sweeping Manchester United aside in the Europa League before defeating Schalke in a two legged tie characterised by fast paced, potent attacking and decidedly shaky defending and riddled with top class strikes which resulted in a 6-4 aggregate victory.
Thanks again Nomie!!!
First, of course, there's the purely physical reality of film, which is nothing more than a series of still images that, when played back at a certain speed, cause our brains to fill the gaps, creating the illusion of movement.
I suppose I do consider myself a writer, I am just not good at "being a writer," which, I think, is a different thing altogether.
JAS: What does she do that you try to emulate?
Look at Hosea 9:2 and Proverbs 3:10 Do you see that the Bible makes a distinction between wine and new wine to let us know the difference between fermented wine and grape juice? Jesus taught that new wine was not put into old bottles because they couldn’t expand with the pressure. (Matthew 9:17) Right?
Lighting #1 - A vintage find in a local antique shop for $20. This floor lamp...the shade will be covered in the B/W fabric that you'll see later on in the post.
11 Something For Sophia Loren
This role will be based in the Center of Expertise (CoE) Ireland; the CoE in Ireland is an established organization supporting the worlds’ largest companies running SAP.
The Doctor Who Experience is the first ever interactive Doctor Who exhibition that invites visitors to star in their very own Doctor Who adventure. Arriving at the venue they will step through a crack in time to become the Doctor’s companion, taking on the challenge of reuniting the Doctor with the TARDIS whilst fending off threats from some of his most fearsome foes - entering a Dalek spaceship and finding a way through a maze of Weeping Angels. Featuring a replica of the Eleventh Doctor’s TARDIS which visitors get to fly themselves the interactive walk-through culminates in a stunning 3D finale that sets the scene for fans entering the exhibition.
He said when he’s at a tattooist he’s usually uttering a constrant stream of loud swearing, unless someone else comes into the shop. Then he has to appear all nonchalant like he’s hardly noticing it’s going on – casually glancing over to the tattooist and saying, “Have you started yet?”
This book drives home the fact that really, it is the little things in life that can make a big difference. Although I enjoyed this whole book immensely, the part that really struck a chord with me was when she talked about True Rules, which she calls “an idiosyncratic collection of principles…for making decisions and setting priorities.” It turns out that I have my own list of True Rules, although I’ve never heard them called by that name before, and I’m sure if you thought about it, you could come up with your own list. So, in the spirit of reading the book and wanting to make small but significant changes in my life, here’s my list:
The last book of the Bridgerton series was fantastic. It was a rollar coaster and you were not sure where the characters would go. I liked how Quinn starts off with the wedding leaving you too wonder what she will say.
at the burning, fertile sun.
During this series, we will ask you to submit your top choices from the indie world and tally your votes for a reader’s choice vote, where the top seven indie singers or bands voted on will compete to see who you want to represent the Korean indie scene next on “I Am a Singer”. Once the voting is complete, we will debut the rankings for the top seven artists, just like the show!
HSI vice president Kitty Block states, “We believe compassion for animals is a basic human condition that needs to be encouraged and celebrated. Ke$ha, with her passion for animals and international recognition is in a unique position to help us create a worldwide culture of compassion for animals.”
Bipolar Disorder involves a lot of self-monitoring. The doctor often has no way of knowing what is going on inside of you but what you tell them, unless you get so bad that it is completely obvious. There are no laboratory tests for this, no x-rays, just you and your family or friends to recognize that an attack is coming so that you can head it off before it gets too bad. Before you develop the full blown symptoms there is still time for you to recognize that they are coming and do something about them. Therefore it is important for you to know what your symptoms are leading up to the attack.
All in the next twelve days.
Rely! God is love, rely on the love
Can you imagine if a politician today gave this speech? Want to be part of my kingdom? Then you better be prepared to lose your job, your family, your house, anything else you value. Give it up. I can’t imagine that going well. But if you instead imagine an explorer about to lead a brave group on an extremely dangerous trip over a dangerous mountain pass to deliver life saving medications to a village on the other side. ”Don’t bring extra supplies because we can’t afford the weight. Send a letter to your families. It might be your last chance. Some of us might not survive this, but let’s go.” It’s a similar message, but we feel completely different about it. Jesus’ call to discipleship is more like the leader than the politician. The life he calls his followers to is radical, risky and will require sacrifice, but it will certainly be worth it.
Studio 24 Edinburgh (with Benni Hemm Hemm)
So much for being behind the lines and safe. I just looked up his FOB (Forward Operating Base) and let me tell you, IT IS NOT BEHIND THE LINES.
As the Williams team mastered the active suspension system, McLaren drifted further behind and Senna had to work especially hard for any of his later victories in his career. 1992 was a major disappointment, as Ayrton finished 4th in the final standings with just three wins, compared to the nine of the dominant Mansell. One of his greatest victories came in Monaco 1992 when he managed to hold off a hard-charging Mansell, who clambered all over the back of his McLaren in the last five laps. Honda pulled out of F1 at the end of the season and Senna questioned whether he should remain in the sport, especially when Prost ‘vetoed’ him not to drive alongside him at Williams in 1993.
I'm not a fan. Why do I like long dresses but not long skirts??
There was a playground to the front of the school for the juniors and to the rear for the infants. Behind the rear playground was the dining hall, a stand alone refectory where we all had our dinners in either a first or second sitting. Behind that were allotments. Sean and I crept round there and collected as many snails as we could find and lined them all up on the dining hall’s open windows. By lunchtime the parade of thirty plus snails had slithered into the building like a mysterious Biblical plague that flumuxed the catering staff.
This is always massively bands and artists simply because it suits with everything else available over.
As for me and Derek, we are stretching and growing closer in so many ways. We have never walked so closely and been in such desperate need of our Father. Derek is caring and very sweet, dedicated and loyal, tender and funny, a man that I never thought I would end up with. He is a gift. He challenges me and through this journey of faith and obedience, God has used Derek to teach me a lot! And praise the Lord!, we had our first real date the other night in a LONG time! It took 2 babysitters, but it was SOOOO worth it! Thank you Jessica and Juli...what a gift you are to us and our children!
And we all smile and learn and grow and love. Have I mentioned how fabulous it
I would have thought he was getting back at me for all of the times I called up his work and left PG13 messages for Cpt. Shamu (the killer whale) in my best 1-900 voice. However, he pulled a better one to get back at me for that. But that is another story.
I love reading just about anything but I have always wanted to write for kids. When I was a kid myself it was because I wanted to make my friends laugh and now it’s because I want children to enjoy – and giggle – about what they’re imagining, hearing and seeing.
Sick of the direction her thoughts were taking, Melanie set aside the laptop and scrambled off the bed. She paced the room, but the ice blue walls, the blond furniture, and frilly eyelet curtains—so not her taste—made her long for open spaces. She yanked off her brown shorts and beige tank top, pulled on her just-washed desert clothes, gathered her cell phone, camera, extra memory card, canteen, and stepped outside.
In 2009, the preterm birthrate for African-Americans was as high as 17.5 per cent, compared with 10.9 per cent for Caucasians.
Lisa at AmidPrivilege writes honestly and thoughtfully about the move from Pretty to Fierce after being spurred to think about the issue after Duchesse's piece on how Plain might dress to be Attractive (and, for better or for worse, we're talking about physical attractiveness, acknowledging, I hope and believe, that there are certainly other elements we find attractive in a person: wit, generosity, warmth, humour, intelligence, etc.).
Total Payable Amount RM167.88
This tutorial will show you how to make your own shirt, t-shirt dress, and tank top.
They opened with two new tracks....played an oldie...a new track....an oldie....new track....oldie.....two new tracks.....oldie.....new track......and closed with two oldies. It meant that anyone not fully familiar with a record that only hit the shops 80 hours before the gig wouldn't have long to wait till they recognised the tune being played. Interestingly....the two new songs omitted from the set list were the two that I highlighted in my LP review the other day as being what I perceived to the weakest efforts....
This book could easily be taken for another fluffy coffee-table offering (though not in ‘coffee-table’ format). I read it from cover to cover in around 20 minutes, but it is clearly not meant to be speed-read. It is more like a meditative poem to the beauty of living, than a guide-book. Taken in small sections, as a daily meditative practice, it may be able to do just what it claims.
Gerald sneezed.
And why has no one ever thought about marketing 'free range milk' ?
Buy Tri Mode EX Single Stroller Set in Raven Color: Hot Chocolate Today
Marybeth Peters. Marybeth was the United States Register of Copyrights 1994 until her retirement from the role in 2010, during which time she was instrumental in introducing an electronic filing system. The inductees will be presented with their induction certificates at the IP Hall of Fame Gala Dinner on 25 June at the Estoril Casino during the IP Business Congress in Portugal. Well done, says the IPKat, you've conributed a huge amount for your various bits of the IP community. Merpel says, it looks as if the best way to become famous is to be based in the United States and run an organisation ...
An Ethical Minefield
Every time I go to the mall, I can't say no to those delicious Mall Pretzels. The smell hits me as soon as I hit the food court. I love the crispy outside and soft inside. I enjoy dunking them in mustard or melted cheese. Last night I was brain storming ideas for the Monday recipe and I thought pretzels! I told my husband right away that I was going to make mall pretzels. He looked at me and laughed so hard and said, "your going to bake homemade pretzels? Please don't burn down our apartment." Well this just made me 1000 times more excited to make pretzels, just so I could prove my husband wrong.
Ozzy Osbourne , Pantera , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Scorpions
A girl, grown fond, thought him too young to die.
I bet the Jakarta branch of the Bradford & Bingley have never seen a cracker-@ssed foreigner run so fast to try and cash a cheque.
This is my snippets card for this week, quick and easy:
According to the CDC’s website, this year’s National Infant Immunization Week will be celebrated as part of the first World Immunization Week, an initiative of the World Health Organization. During World Immunization Week, all six World Health Organization regions, including more than 180 member states, territories and areas, will simultaneously promote immunization, advance equity in the use of vaccines and universal access to vaccination services, and enable cooperation on cross-border immunization activities in April.
a robot-shaped
Sports a malty smell in the bottle and bread or malt in the glass. Appears the color of dark brass and presents a weak head that disappears quickly. Tastes like cardboard, otherwise nothing special. Though I won’t try it again, Brou Czech wasn’t too bad paired with grilled sausage and chicken.
The promised saviour of all creation
Tammy opened the door and closed it behind her. “So, have you made a decision?”
Another confession: Nutella did not overwhelm me. While I'm fond of dipping a pretzel into it or spreading it on a graham cracker, I'm not ready to say it's the best thing to come along since peanut butter. Or Spam.
Blouse (Esprit, consignment), cami (InWear), pants (Gap, thrifted), shoes (Tsubo), earrings (Erica Weiner), bracelet (faux Gucci, 80s, gift from Mom and Dad from Italy).
Skills: Climb-d6, Fighting-d6, Notice-d8, Stealth-d6, Shooting-d6, Throwing-d6
~Gardener's Delight 4.26.12
(Junsu POV)
Such loyalty to creation reflects the loyalty of Christ. For this world has been created with care and redeemed at a cost! In the death and resurrection of Christ, God has declared His affection and loyalty for the world, securing its future. God’s own mission compels his followers to be immersed in the life of the world, calling attention, through life, word and deed, to his restorative reign.
In war, there are no unwounded soldiers. ~José Narosky
‘No, not getting it,’ the Doctor said, pushing his fingers through his hair and rubbing his chin. ‘Never mind, we know where The Device is, and River’s got the sonic banana!’ He skipped over to the Antimatter Pulse Primer. ‘See you soon, Pond!’
a rock that served as an island for prisoners, with no food, water, or
My beautiful little angel is tucked safely away in her cocoon. I feel her sweet flutters and marvel at her strength. A baby who is supposed to be so feeble and “incompatible with life” seems to be telling a different story.
You can go soft and dreamy as in this first sample which uses the green, teal and navy blue as its main color palette and the loving couple from Carnival Dreams.
Many asks, why are you
We've finally managed to evolve from this:
Seems like a great idea. Make it happen.
So I ask, what does this actually mean?
My first window
I love taking little bits of nothing, mixing them up, and baking it into something wonderful.
So again we have the ‘universal church’ showing just how holy and spiritual the Christian religion really is. Apologists for the Church say it’s not the church, but the humans involved. However it has been proven that this crap is known by all members of the organization all the way up to the Pope and they all try to wiggle out from under any responsibility, and hide it as much as possible. This Church is evil from top to bottom (talking church executives, priests, bishops, etc…not congregations) and why any moral and righteous citizen would want to listen to or join with these evil people is beyond me.
Ryan's home finally, we're going to the mall today to do some coupon shopping. I have a $10 off $25 coupon for JC P -- thinking of buying some K-Cups with it... then a $10 off $25 at Yankee Candle -- thinking of buying a candle for a gift basket I'm compiling... then a free gift with $10 purchase (up to $13) at Bath and Body Works --- another thing for my gift basket.... then 15% at Kohls which I will probably save
Key Lesson: Jesus called James and John “Sons of Thunder” – Christians must be willing to die for Jesus
In the bowels of the Marriott no one ever hears you scream.
The image was found carved on a stone at the Gobekli Tepe temple in Turkey that pre-dates Stonehenge by seven thousand years – and shows a headless man with an erect penis romping with mythical creatures.
The “surprising connections” that “Barack Obama” is, indeed, a synthetic identity created to cover his birth identity as Bâri′ M. Shabazz, son of Malcolm X and Jo Ann Newman?
I, for one, believe in roses.
ARTISTS LAUNCH ATTACK ON WAR WITH TOWER OF PEACE. WAR EXPECTED TO SURRENDER WITHIN DAYS.
Dawn Sokol Finding the mojo can sometimes be difficult for me, since my full-time job is a creative one as well. Sometimes I need to just shut down for a day or two and veg from it all. Other times, that's not so easy to do because I'm on a deadline and need to get something done. Those times, I will look at blogs for inspiration, or magazines and books. If I've hit a MAJOR block, I find that the very odd combo of dark chocolate and iced tea work! I don't know why...it's almost like it turns my creative bulb on...I love when I hit the groove and I feel unstoppable. I turn on my iTunes and go with it (and my music tastes range all across the board!)... The only thing that stops me at that point is tiring out! It's great to look back on a day of work and know that I got much more done than I had planned.
If you didn't get to see the Inspiration to Real Wedding on Style Me Pretty yesterday, that needs to happen asap. The team behind the design genius (including my lovely planner and friend, Sarah True) are unstoppable even with record breaking floods. Not that we should be surprised.
Another thing to remember is this: God asks questions when He encounters us, not because He wants information, but to teach us something. God in the in Scriptures will ask questions like when God came to Adam asking, "Adam, where art thou?" God knew where he was – but God was showing Adam their relationship was broken. And then God asked Cain, "Why are you angry?" because he wanted Cain to see what evil was in his heart. When God encountered Elijah he asked, “What are you doing here, Elijah?" God did not ask the question to get information, God knows all things. God wanted Elijah to face his motivations for running. Elijah had run away from the very people to whom God had called him to minister. God asked a question to make him honestly face his unbelief and wrong motives.
- Larry Schweikart, America’s Victories: Why the U.S. Wins Wars and Will Win the War on Terror (New York, NY: Penguin Group, 2006).
The results of the POD Publisher Poll concluded today. The poll was run over the past two months and I would like to thank all who took part and voted. Again, the poll was never intended as an exact barometer or science into POD publishers, but instead a guide as to which publishers authors had experience of, and considered to be reputable.
Transport each little maid or man
See you tonight at Kagin for Up In Arms.
3 tbsp butter
I met my daughter Cassandra at her voice lesson one day during her junior year of high school. Her voice teacher, Dona Lynn Curry, was an experienced singer who travelled around the world in various singing groups for several years. For some reason, she felt the urge to move from south Florida to the “Lakes Region” area of New Hampshire and she began teaching voice lessons. My daughter learned quite a lot from Dona Lynn including vocal control and vocal performance techniques. Dona Lynn had put together a group of singers from several area churches and she called it “One Voice.” This group put on a fun Christmas program each year at a local school auditorium.
I’m trying to move but am frozen in time, in place – in bed. I treat this bed like my sofa…love, love, love it! With the lovely laptop on my lap, the heat coats my knees and makes me feel so welcome – I don’t want to leave, though hunger is tempting me towards the kitchen. I need to post a book and go to the library to do my online check-in because the ink in both my printers is out-of-bloody-date! My whole life is usually left until the last minute so I could do it all tomorrow…and there will also be Friday and Saturday. NO. Move it and groove it, woman.
Ah, I feel it. You are hungry. You will be sated.
We couldn’t keep our hands off each other
While the medieval university model underwent significant changes in the Renaissance and Enlightenment eras, specifically in its curriculum, the most sweeping changes to the university came in the nineteenth century. By the end of the Enlightenment, the traditional curriculum, along with its emphasis on the works and philosophy of Aristotle, had largely been replaced by the humanities. In the early nineteenth century, liberal ideas were rapidly transforming the university model. The Germans, inspired by the ideas of philosopher Friedrich Schleiermacher, organized universities whose goal was to emphasize student discovery and personal accountability. The man behind this idea, Wilhelm von Humboldt said of his model:
Not until a new book, ‘The Kissing Sailor’ by George Galdorisi and co-authored by Lawrence Verrie that they were able to finally solve the puzzle by revealing 89-year-olds George Mendonsa and Greta Zimmer Friedman as the couple that caught the attention of the world following Japan’s surrender.
It is a perfect tart treat.
Eventually, your children are going to leave home and be on their own, so you will have no parental controls (not just the computer and internet kind either!) So, it is important to gradually work toward a solution that is giving the child some responsibility while being accountable. There are accountability software solutions that monitor internet usage and send a report to an "accountability partner". This is a good solution for the older teenager/young adult. You would have this configured to send the report to a parent at first and then encourage them to continue this practice with either you or someone else they feel comfortable keeping them accountable. We have used this at our house between my husband and myself. It doesn't mean that you don't trust the other person, it's just a safeguard.
Breakfast: 2 pieces of toast with strawberry jam - half an egg beaters omelet with cheese (2 starch, 1 dairy, 1 protein)
When the Cali-based “rock meets rap” outfit Linkin Park released their first album, Hybrid Theory, it beat out Britney Spears to become the best selling record of 2001. That level of success freaked them out. After releasing their second album, Meteora in 2003, they regrouped and re-emerged four years later with a completely new sound that caused an uproar amongst loyal stans.
Get into a taxi with FB under a grey Parisian sky. Silently sulk and do my usual "I'm in a reeeeally sad music video where no one understaaaands me" pensive look out the window. The radio is on and again, some of the words are in my head and I am somehow understanding them......
Wait! Breaking News on the CNN monitor banner:
"That the SciFi Channel should never be allowed to make anything 'original'. Elaborate with examples." (And the fact that they generally hire one good actor -- David Hewlett, Misha Collins, Lucy Brown, Rhys Ifans -- to try and disguise a heap of shit is not a fact which can be adduced in their defense.)
Syncopated Yodelin' Man - Evans
“Unfortunately a big number of civilians were killed and wounded. The provincial health director can confirm that 12 wounded and one dead person were admitted to the provincial hospital,” he told AFP.
Not much stitching to show for having been away for over a month - blogwise I mean! Here is where I am at with Bouquets - slowly but surely. I was hoping to get it finished by tonight but I have had so much on my mind at the moment, my mojo has just disappeared completely! If you find it, please send it back to me. Thanks.Here's my wipocalypse for April then. Sorry it's a bit late!
but calls for Alfredo sauce instead, yummers...
Step 1: Choose your rub-on and snip to a more manageable size then gently rub on in sections.
into a new house in our area of Oregon, and she’d been kept abreast
Satan is at work today. He has power to change the weather. He has power to make people ill. He has power to heal people from illness. He has the power to send UFO’s to earth. He is called the “prince of the power of the air” (Ephesians 2:2.) He is performing lying wonders to deceive the world. Because we are living under grace, he is permitted by God to cause havoc on the earth. Do not be deceived but also do not be afraid. Paul writes in 1 Timothy 1:7
Fuck it, basically. Felt like going with Cotillard for no reason. I WOULD go for Morton if I thought her film could get O. Screenplay or Picture noms - which it definitely could, but I'm not predicting that to happen, I mean.
Warren Brown passed away to be with the Lord on September 15, 2008 after a lengthy illness in Carlsbad, CA. His wife, Ruth, was at this side. He was born in Tower City, PA in 1916; he was the son of Ray and Hattie Brown.
*I based some of the things I want to place in our kit off of different sites I looked at, like this one, How to Make a Tornado Survival Kit and this one had some other great info I used also,
Thankfully my sister gave me this great book a couple of months ago and it really helped me to reevaluate my priorities. (Please don't automatically stop reading when you see who the author is ;o)
Thursday night we plan to do something different and check out the Heoya food truck! Tim has tried this out already, but I haven’t. I am so looking forward to it! It is at the UStop on 13th and South until 8 p.m. I hope we get there in time after our 6:25-7:10 p.m. weight lifting class. But I think it we will. I hope they also don’t run out of food like they did today.
stated
After that, I added fresh room temperature egg whites to the almond and powdered sugar mixture, and then folded in the meringue mixture in three batches. After filling a pastry bag with the batter, then piping out the macaron shells on a silpat-lined baking sheet, I let them sit for 20 minutes before baking. This is supposed to give them a nice shell, and also help in forming the "feet" (the puffy, frilly bottoms that form while baking).
I will only suggest that we cast our eyes southwards. The success of the Snowmen of Bishkek may galvanise the Yetis of Tajikistan - where they largely work as street cleaners - Kashmir and Ladakh.
I am also looking for some Design Team Members.. If you are interested the terms are on the main page of the website. Bizzy Becs Digi Downloads..
Get a piece of paper, a pen and start writing the words
Now our journey really begins. I do not look forward to all the testing and doctors. But I have come to terms with that is just the way it is.
Here is the tried and tested recipe my way. Recipe will feed two.
Perfection is actually out of our reach. But if we aspire to it, we will reach excellence on the way.
It surrendered near High Point, N.C., on April 26, 1865, with the Army of Tennessee.
3. You keep copyright in your work at all times.
i can hardly believe it when i look at him these days... how much he has changed in so little time. and he is becoming quite the character. always laughing. always making us laugh. just more affirmation that he was aptly named.
There is something very desperate and distressing about these staged manifestations. They are creepy because they are fake and dishonest and they paint a false picture of Norway and ordinary Norwegians. Their fantasy simply doesn’t correspond with reality. Norway is a much less safe society than the one that they are trying to project onto the world. There is something very disingenuous about it all. Why not just drop the facade and admit that Norway is no longer the innocent little naive country that it once was? Anders Behring Breivik didn’t just appear out of nowhere, nor was he the one that catapulted Norway into the new ‘dangerous’ real world. We were already there a long before he detonated his lethal bomb in Oslo and executed his vicious killing spree on Utoya, and no silly sing-along or drivel about turning the other cheek and showing the world how much love we carry inside us is going to change that fact. Norway was attacked by a terrorist and that’s it, nothing more, nothing
Tahdig is essentially a rice pilaf that has been formed into a pancake and shallow fried. Traditionally, Tahdig is what you get at the bottom of a pot of rice that crisps up, but this place actually makes it to order.
were all of them moving in haste.
It’s New Peasantry
There are also 44 grandchildren and 10 great- grandchildren at the time of Mary’s funeral in 1928.
Wait, no, never mind, disregard that.
* OPI Teenage Dream Mini
A very happy new year to everyone who's dropped by this year to have a listen, hope to see you all again here in 2012.
I couldn't resist and decided to buy the other discounted blaster of 2011 A&G. I did alright on this blaster and I promise it's my last A&G blaster of 2011. I just couldn't resist when I saw it sitting there all alone.
- Got a full-time job at Sweet Lauren Cakes. So no more crazy days of traveling all over SF each day from one job to the next, I get to sit at one desk, go to one office, and get one paycheck. I am beyond thrilled to finally have some regularity to my schedule, although I will continue to also do freelance events, mainly with Amy Nichols because she's oh so fab and, I still can't get enough of weddings and events! So now you've been warned, there will be lots more cake pop talk around here, think you can handle it?
This is the second card. It is done with a Stamp Up set of stamps. The set is called Faith in Nature and is retiring. The backgrounds for the stamped papers is done by brayering Adirondack Ink on photo paper.
this is the makeup look that you do when you have a little bit of spare time to blend the eyeshadows and such. i feel like this is not very appropriate for school, as some schools don't really allow too much make up, not that two eyeshadows is too much makeup lol. i recommend this is to anyone who has time in the morning and wants to go all out. its very fun and i myself will attempt this every now and again.. i love my sleep tho!
Home – who doesnt want one – that is a safe place – young and old you need one – a place of peace ( NO pain )
157 Allen Street
Oh dear!
One of the things that puzzled me when I first came across the design of the cell was how both cathode and anode are lead. In most electrochemical cells, there are dissimilar materials: I'm sure you've seen NiCad, or Nickle/Cadmium, for example. Zinc/carbon (the most common batteries in your local store), zinc/manganese dioxide ("alkaline" batteries) and silver/zinc are other common chemistries. One side is positive the other negative; in lead acid batteries, both sides are lead.
Today we are going to discuss what happens if you die too soon, or become disabled.
This article is an introduction to a series of posts I will writing on “paying to fulfill the Great Commission.” The convention has convinced Southern Baptists that you and your church don’t have to do anything; the measure of commitment to the Great Commission is how much you give through approved channels for state and SBC entities to do the job of reaching a lost world. Churches may start dozens of new churches, lead their state in baptisms and invest millions of dollars in missions but are not considered mission-minded and cooperative nor are their members worthy of board positions if the percentage allocated to the Cooperative Program does not measure up to expectations.
We Cannot Be Afraid
We were getting the girls ready to go to their dad’s. Part of me was trying to think of a way to keep them with me but I knew it could be many hours yet and it might be better to not have them there. So I fended off an increasingly-suspicious Kira (“why are you printing off birth stuff mummy?”) and kissed them goodbye after warning my ex that there might be a late night skype session.
Bread and Butter Pickles Recipe
This is an extraordinary nation – restored to its homeland after the longest exile in human history because it simply refused to be annihilated, and restoring that homeland in a neighborhood that still seeks to annihilate it.
It was May, not a hot day by any means, and the water in the Chattahoochee never warms up -- at best, it maintains a cool 50 degrees. Perhaps those are the reasons for the fashion ensemble I chose?
Chapter 7. So Should You.
On 16th May, the UK will be holding its first National Flash Fiction Day. If you don’t know what Flash Fiction is, then here is a great introduction to the genre. I love writing Flash, partly for the challenge of conveying a story in the absolute minimum of words but mainly because I’m too harsh an editor of my short stories and what was once 1000 words becomes 250! There are some fantastic writers taking part including quite a few twitter friends. I don’t think this is a coincidence – if you have to make a concise point in 140 characters, 140 words can feel like a whole novel!
& then I immediately open anything that looks like a calendar or event announcement or party invitation.
From Troy Wolverton @ The San Hose Mercury News:
I'll take you through the TRADE or MERCHANT QUARTER first, show you the GRAND BAZAAR, and the taverns that sell the best ale; you'll briefly visit the ARTISANS DISTRICT and the STONE DISTRICT, where the dwarves make their home away from home; we'll pass within sight of, but not smell of, the infamous OFFAL PITS, and you might even catch a glimpse of an URBAN ELF, naives of Godsend since the city was founded.
5/4/09
Stain - I always have on hand
This natural expression! It’s de~finitely not acting~
I love the range of Mrs May's nut products so these weren't a new find but they had an awesome deal on, I think it was 6 bars for $5 which was a bargain. My favourite flavour is blueberry but they're all good.
Chicky chose to go the shameless product placement route with her explanation of the science behind the sweat. Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman during the "K9 days" of summer. I did like the "pheromone blast" imagery - and I'll stop right there.
in the verbose vacissitudes
I also knocked out quite a few blocks for the string block swap.
And by the 7 inches we're supposed to get by tomorrow, should I assume that the boots were put away or that the mere question of putting boots away incited this?
still kicking the can
Perhaps it’s a generational thing, but I don’t understand paintings like these. Fresh, bright and perfectly delightful, they are much too polite and unthinkingly happy for my taste: if they offer a vision of arcadia, it is a mindless one. Moreover, they resemble the sorts of landscapes that we expect from amateur Sunday painters. Hockney is anything but that – yet whatever game he is playing here eludes me.
as he can't catch his breath. Yet despite the prognosis, Simba is still with us, even though every winter we say, 'I don't think he'll last another year'...
and when he does let it rip i'll still calm and soothe him – but instead of doing it with the intention of getting the crying to stop, i'll be calm and let that soothe him as he's crying. until he's done crying on his own. however long that takes.
A is for antiques and afternoon television. I love browsing around antique shops, junk shops, car boot sales and flea markets. If you watched Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is yesterday (BBC2 5.15 -6pm) you may have caught a glimpse of my red coat as I wandered around the Giant antique and Collector’s Fair at the Three Counties Showground in Malvern. Yesterday, in an effort to procrastinate enjoyably, I watched Bargain Hunt, Flog It!, the aforementioned Put Your Money… and finished off with The Antiques Roadshow. By the end of that lot I was all antiqued out and hadn’t written a word of the new book I have a contract for. At this rate I shall be an antique before it’s finished.
brew. I've had it in the primary long enough that I think it has already
11) Repeat a couple times.
I tried to pull him out of me
Enter Dawn Heinen with Beautiful Birth Choices! We took our Hypnobirthing classes with Dawn and found out that this method of birthing was all about conditioning your body and mind to relax. No, you are not going to be “hypnotized” – you will be fully present for the entire experience! Birth is a normal, natural process that humans have, over the decades, turned into a frightening “medical” procedure. The media is the worst culprit, but we women also do it to each other by doling out the “worst birth story we’ve ever heard” on the nearest pregnant woman. The result is what I experienced before I knew better - FEAR. I was amazed at what fear could do to my body if I let it take over. I learned to trust in the fact that God made my body to do this, and all I needed to do was take the time to understand what was happening and let my body do the rest. Although medical professionals are there to help, they also have the potential to take over the birth process. I wanted MY best birth. Dawn was able to help Ty and I learn more about the pros and cons of just about anything that could be involved in birthing, and make a birth plan that layed out exactly what we wanted (in an ideal world).
someone wanted to get close to his heart, they had to be sure not to dig too deep, to assure
xxxSue
The door opened again. Much too soon. I held my breath. Was it someone coming to tell the professor he had a sneak in his class?
1 leaf
The powder has a fine texture. It is not harsh, it is not going to tear you skin. I mix a small amount of product with a little bit of water and it dissolves into this milky consistency. It has a slight smell of milk/coconut too. The result? It did clean face very well without being drying
"If InBev and NBWA can lobby, so, too, can beer geeks. Let’s start our own lobbying group and Take it to The Man. . .I’m tired of letting these yahoos in Austin dictate beer law, especially now when it is now crystal clear that Austin only cares about huge, international corporations and lobbyists, and not their Texas citizens. . .If craft beer enthusiasts remain isolated from each other, we remain weak; if we band together in furtherance of a common goal – I believe we can achieve real, meaningful change." Mississippi has Raise Your Pints, Alabama has Free the Hops, England has CAMRA. Maybe we could energize Texas Beer Freedom, which hasn't been updated in a few weeks. Or maybe we could just call our group Take It To The Man! But we have to do something, or AB InBev, MillerCoors and the WBDT will be telling us what we can drink, and what we can buy.
"I'm ready to go," Jen said.
Anyhoo, like I said, Molly made up her mind that this was going to be a vanity and added the mirror and decoupaged some cuteness inside and now it makes much more sense. See it on her blog Pieces of Molly.
What if there were teens whose lives depended on being bad influences? This is life for sons and daughters of fallen angels in Sweet Evil. Tenderhearted Southern girl, Anna Whitt, was born with the sixth sense to see and feel emotions of other people. She’s aware of a struggle within herself, an inexplicable pull toward danger, but it isn’t until she turns sixteen and meets the alluring Kaidan Rowe that she discovers her terrifying heritage, and her will-power is put to the test. He’s the boy your daddy warned you about. If only someone had warned Anna.
In 1927 the Pompeian Manufacturing Company was sold to Colgate Palmolive Peet for $1 million. Six months later the entire Pompeian line of products was discontinued and the legacy of Pompeian Massage Cream and its "Pompeian Beauty" ended. But the legacy was the first great advertising campaign using the word massage in its product name. From the examples shown here you can get an idea of the broad approach the company took in marketing its Pompeian Massage Cream product.
I had to add this one, see the little girl in the bottom right. That's Haley, my great niece, she was very helpful throughout the shower. Whenever "adult" gifts were opened, we'd have Haley turn around. She was sooooo cute and had as much fun as we had watching her.
Golden Dawn Color: Yellow
Isn’t the point of creating and building the David Suzuki Foundation to give a voice to those interests he is trying to protect?
The “angels” vary in age and ethnicity, but most request to remain anonymous and that their money go toward paying off accounts that include toys or children’s clothes. On Friday morning, a man in his 30s walked into a Kmart in Hayward with $10,000 in cash.
But instead of reversing the unpopular economic policies that had caused the problem, he exacerbated it by instituting his land redistribution scheme as an electoral ploy to buy the rural vote. If Mugabe were sincere about land reform, he had had 20 years to do something about it, and had done nothing. It was only the threat of losing an election that made him bring it in hastily, for the purpose of buying votes. And in the way it was implemented exacerbated the economic problems as Zimbabwe's agricultural productivity plummeted. The foreign exchange problems worsened as tobacco, the main export crop, virtually disappeared. In a couple of years Zimbabwe went from being the bread basket of central Africa to basket case, as hyperinflation took hold.
Tulsa
Makes 28 mini cupcakes or 12 regular cupcakes
Now back to the studio. I'm playing with watercolors today. Stay tuned!
and why I so strongly feel the need to be with them again through mind or travel.
~Shawnie B.
This heat has to break soon. We are on the cusp I feel certain. Any day now welcome rain must fall.
Not that I´m saying life is always perfect... There are definitely some hard days and sometimes people that say or do things that really hurt or make me feel discouraged. But the joy that I feel on the nights where we come back to our apartments knowing that the Holy Ghost touched someone through something we said or taught makes all of the hard times worth it! It´s so wonderful to feel Heavenly Father´s love and feel His powers and realize that He is working miracles here daily! And it´s the amazing friends that I´ve met here and the incredible lessons that I learn from their faith and their selfless love that I will always remember. I love love love being a missionary!!
So, on Monday, I really knuckled-down after work and did a record-breaking 2700 words. Then, I had a couple glasses of wine (a writer’s vice if there ever was one), and thought, ‘I’m going to set-up my next scene,’ and got another 450 words done. It was starting to look like something that could be saved!
Fast-forward to 1969. Another league star (albeit at the time, a different league, at least for the next year) Joe Namath, was threatened with suspensions and a ban from the league for his ownership of Bachelors III, which was reported to have some “connected” clientele. Now, at the time, Namath was as big of a star as there ever was in professional football. He was fresh off his Super Bowl III upset of the Colts, and there was talk that this was Rozelle’s sour grapes towards the upstart AFL’s biggest star. Namath eventually sold off the New York location, but kept all of the other franchises of Bachelors III. Why did the NFL give Namath the ultimatum? Rozelle did not want professional football’s biggest star (and most recognizable face, due to his marketability) having any association with that seedy underbelly.
The decision to separate breastfeeding mothers from their babies flies in the face of a number of UN Resolutions and conventions, including the International Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes and the relevant, subsequent WHA resolutions, the Global Strategy on Infant and Young Child Feeding, UNICEF’s Baby-friendly Hospital Initiative and the Innocenti Declaration on the Protection, Promotion and Support of Breastfeeding, which all stress the critical importance of exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life with nutritionally adequate and safe complementary feeding alongside continued breastfeeding up to the age of two years and beyond. Article 24 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child also recognizes the contribution breastfeeding makes to the fulfilment of the right of the child to the highest attainable standard of health.
velamentous insertion of the cord
I once toyed with the idea of making this a beer/skateboard blog. I decided against it. It is not often that the worlds of craft beer and skateboarding collide. The latest Skateboard Mag took up this idea and interviewed a Philadelphia am who spends his time off the board homebrewing. It was a pretty interesting little column. Check it out at your local bookstore. It is issue number 53.
NOTE – All vidcaps are unmodified.
He nodded.
just north us, this beer is smoked. My brothers
Then the present has a value.
Tony had not been feeling well these last few days, so we both slept in. It seemed like he had a nasal infection and was coughing all night. I didn’t get much sleep and in fact I was beginning to get a sore throat. We missed the welcome breakfast at the hotel but would do it the next day.
Beer #5 from the parents.
Maybe rugby club social occasions have changed from my university days, when I watched in disbelief as my college First XV stood on bar stools, trousers and pants round their ankles and sang songs about menstruation. But I’m inclined to think not, to the point where I’d be keen to see verification as to whether the shrinking violets of Young Munster were indeed deeply offended, or whether someone with an agenda subsequently suggested to them that they might like to be.
It's a mere $20 to have a table ... plus I get to hang out with Jen for a few hours ... and that is worth the price of admission alone!
Really loved looking at all the gorgeous falling leaves on your fab cards this week... I love Autumn/Fall the best time of the year for me.Thanks so much for your entries.
The Star reported today several component party leaders as saying that the months of May and June would be unsuitable as the states would be celebrating the Keamatan and Gawai Dayak harvest festivals in Sabah and Sarawak respectively.
This being the case, things end up getting fairly unconventional when I decide to make pizza. For the last year and a half or so, my go-to pizza formula has utilized a cheesy spread made from mashed up white beans that I once described as “my new favorite vegan pizza recipe“. However, now that I’ve tasted today’s Roasted Pesto & Hummus Pizza, I have to say: I think I have a new new favorite.
But my favorite part was the section covering exercise. I get at least 30 minutes cardio a day, plus strength training 6 days a week, but apparently that’s not enough! Oh no, I get a little blurb about increasing my cardio plus a helpful hint to increase the number of different types of cardio I do. Not that it gave me the option of indicating the ones I already do, I guess it’s just assuming that 30 minutes a day = only one type of exercise? Not quite sure WHY it would assume that…And then a little blurb about flexibility training, which is pretty damn lulzy for someone who used to be a competitive gymnast.
Rose Madder
When people compare the Medela SNS to the Lact-Aid they say that the re-use option of the bottle is a big plus with the Medela. But I actually clean out my Lact-Aid bags and re-use them. At the end of each day I fill them with soapy water and get them good and clean. My friend will fill them with water after washing and then test for no leaks. She will use them to their death!
Mark Post, professor of physiology at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, who is behind the project, could not have explained it more succinctly, saying: ‘I don’t see any way you could rely on old-fashioned livestock in the coming decades.
Are they developing their own sense of good and bad, right and wrong?
“The Permanent Instruction of Alta Vendita” in an outline
An additional recommendation from The American Journal of Cardiology is that when you get your pressure checked, be sure to test both arms. New research shows that the differences in the readings can indicate a narrowing of the arteries. Read article here>>
- Fabric size: 20,0 x 20,0 cm (7,9 x 7,9 inch) + ca. 1,5 cm (0,6 inch) Surplus for sewing
We accept ourselves which allows us to become the person we want to be. This happens because we are human “be-ings”. We are not static as individuals. Movement and change are part of who we are. The Humanistic belief is if we accept ourselves as we are now, we naturally move towards health and wholeness. Thus, paradoxically, by not fighting against ourselves and accepting who we are in the moment (even if we aren’t completely crazy about who that is), we can compassionately let go or modify undesired aspects of ourselves and become more authentic. As you experience this unconditional acceptance of yourself, of your enough-ness, of your inherent worth, a deeper sense of self is experienced, as well as a fuller trust in the unfolding process of your living.
Since getting my new baby, er...camera, for Christmas, I have been wanting a strap cover. However, spending another $40 or $50 just wasn't feasible, so I decided I would have to wait.
Also, it is disturbing to me that a sitting appellate judge all-but-admits that he can't be bothered to look into the putative benefits of software patents and instead engages in some haughty analysis why patent law shouldn't accept new technologies into its domain (if one still considers software a "new" technology). His views are not tempered by any legal findings or analysis, but seem grounded in the metaphysical concept that computer programming is not "science."
Ok...I've seen and heard too many times to count how someone finds their stuff either for sale somewhere or else it's being claimed as the work of another. Plagiarism BUGS me. Well, actually it simply ticks me off and brings to mind words that would cause a sailor on leave to blush.
Perfect. He always held the door for women and the elderly. He was respectful, not too loud, and never drank too much. For every beer or whiskey he drank, he followed it up with a large glass of ice water. Some athletes wanted all the attention drawn on themselves. Ty liked to blend into the background, preferring to mix with her clientele, not be a showcase because he was a star on the Ice.
I'm in familiar surroundings, and while there's some work involved, there's plenty of opportunity to chillax as well. Tonight was spent catching up with a friend before running for shelter when a thunder storm set in. Another few days and I'll head back to the city.
The water then travels down stainless steel pipes under the forces of gravity into a storage tank, where – with some filtering and purification – it is then ready to drink, wash, or cultivate with.
Me: "That's definitely frustrating, ma'am, and I'm going to find out what's going on for you. First of all, is your television currently on?"
Time his hours should never drive
So, you ever feel like a chicken with your head cut off? I do all the time! And our newest edition Jojo started crawling last month and now she got teeth too! She trying to walk now! This girl is never slowing down and I can't get over how fast she is growing up! This up coming month I get another teenager! My oldest daughter is turning 13 on the 12th! Boy do I feel old! That will give me 3 teenagers! Yes, 3 teenagers! Where does the time fly?
I had 7 stories accepted in 2007, but only 3 in 2008. The following year was a bit better at 6 and then in 2010 I concentrated on non fiction though I did have a couple of stories accepted early in the year. And of course between these modest acceptances there were a mountain of rejections. There wasn't a single fiction acceptance in 2011 but there wasn't a submisson either until October and as you are probably aware, I am still waiting to hear back about those.
"While reports have not come in from all the small brewers in Japan, the following is based on the information received so far. Locations are listed from north to south.
you of a time when you knew me and my brother.
Tuesday I lifted the beetroot and carrots. It amounted to about 50 pounds of beetroot and about 70 pounds of carrots. Both taste great and I am a true lover of beetroot - but this may prove a little too much this year! We have also been eating carrots in most every known way but, as yet, we are maintaining a healthy skin pigment!
Eugina Bataclan, Rifle Associate
For exercise I did crossfit and jogging
Blackthorn grows in dense bushes with vicious black thorns and is traditionally used for hedges to keep livestock in the fields.
On TUESDAY.
*I cast an annoyed glare towards Spawn but he, having clearly read the message behind my hooded lids, looked quickly away. The message? Get her out of my house before I bludgeon her to death with her own foot* "Of course you may Ophelia, though unfortunately, we're all out of holy water".
The seat of Hougang was left vacant after its ex-WP MP Yaw Shin Leong was sacked from the party for his failure to address swirling rumors about his alleged sordid extra-marital affairs with multiple married women, including two fellow party members who contested in the General Election last year.
While non of the students actually came into contact with the royal personages it seems the close proximity of the students to the Prince and his ageing consort has caused some serious psychological problems for the students. Since their arrest by police they have received treatment at St Filthy's Hospital for Proles.
Favorite food: hamburgers and pizza
I made a big mug of coffee and looked out in silence as the world around me began to wake up.
Good luck to everyone!! To begin ... take a good look at these photos:
I expect a lot of solitude at the residency too, which I love. I'm taking my big camera, my flip video and a laptop and expect that those things will keep me entertained. That along with painting and writing. I live in my colors and wordplay.
Ah! But do I hear you cry: 'Hold on, Uncle Dick! How is that possible? Surely you've not had a hand in this book's conception? Have you been lying to us when you said you’ve been busy combating pirates in Somali waters?'
“Just for a little while,” he mumbled. He turned to the coach – maybe to offer thanks – but it was gone and behind him stood only the forest with its dark shadows.
Hi, Guys.
Most of the survivors retreated to their family members and some of them chartered private trains to take them home. Everyone was numb and no one was interested to recount the horrifying tale of the sinking. One could only imagine what was the scenario back in Southampton as the biggest population onboard of the Titanic originated from her home-port. Less than a third of those onboard survived the disaster and some survivors died shortly afterwards due to injuries. A 9 weeks old baby, Millvina Dean was among the youngest survivor of the Titanic.
Thank you for your prompt responses,
So boy was I excited that the class was going to catch this play!
Happy first of May! If you were in Germany, you’d have the day off:)
Sometimes the design of something you can actually wear comes so radical and so perfect that you wish you could buy all of them.
Brothers and sisters, this is my prayer for you – that you would find your joy and your purpose in Him and Him alone, that the things of this world would not sway you and divert your attentions from Him. He is deserving of all praise, and I pray that in all that you do, in all that you say, in all that you are – strive towards holiness and glorify the Lord!
Lawrence resident Bill Collins likes to keep an eye on Massachusetts lawmakers as they find ways to spend his money. So Collins is disappointed the House budget debate that used to be on television can only be found on the Internet. “With the Lawrence City Council, every word uttered is broadcast live on local access Channel 22,” Collins said. “On Beacon Hill, with hundreds of millions of dollars, it’s done in the dark of night.”
Linda, well Linda, what can I say. She is the great encourager, the one in charge of details and making everyone feel special and at home! She preshipped numerous items for our very special tea that day!
hot pads
* California Education and Training Agency * California Education Audit Appeals Panel * California Educational Facilities Authority * California Elections Division * California Electricity Oversight Board
Plain nonfat yogurt (optional)
See, in 1906, Guy couldn’t have looked to many earlier films for inspiration. She would have turned to painting, sculpture, and the stage. However, these mediums depict people and events in much more abstract fashion than a camera lens, at least in the early days when a film director was not called upon to be anything but literal. The result is images like Guy’s angels. Her heavenly denizens first appear as a cluster of young musicians surrounding Jesus’s crib. They’re dressed identically in white robes, and each has a pair of sharply tapered wings, fixed in one position.
“Oh yes, we have been here forever and have bought a chateau and have eight children (three of which are in prison – one being a so gay politician) and had won the lottery which is why we could buy the said chateau which needs millions spending on it to make it liveable as well as our properties in Florida, Spain and Tuscany, have a couple of lovers each, his cutie twenties (helped with the blue pill) and my toy-boy, guru, personal trainer, hmm that is why I look soooo young, and umpteen grandchildren between our five marriages” etc. etc….
"In the early 1970s John Chappell of the Australian National University in Canberra was the first to make the link between glacial advances and retreats and the rate of global volcanism. We now know that the warming that heralded the start of the current interglacial period around 10,000 years ago brought forth a burst of volcanic activity in Iceland, as melting ice caps reduced pressures on the magma chambers below. Allen Glazner of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill identified a similar pattern in eastern California over the past 800,000 years. Increased levels of volcanic activity are also recorded at mid-latitude ice-covered volcanoes in the Cascades Range of the US and in the Andes."
According to a popular song in 1963, “The saddest thing in this whole wide world is to see your baby with another girl.” That isn’t nearly as sad as when parents have to bury their children, and burying babies is especially difficult. Joel was buried on March 3, 1964, and Peggy went back to Ohio a few months later. I spent the Christmas of 1964 at my surviving grandmother’s, but another Christmas with Peggy would have been more fun. I’ve tried to stay in touch with her, and I’ve seen her from time to time.
well, I expected that, and more.
“I also have a photographer.”
Thank you, Lord, for this miracle of life.
between an insulting stimulus
I guess the “bitches” weren’t with them.
He passed in front of the door again, feeling the Sherim start to tighten around him. If he looked down, he knew, his feet would already be a few inches above the grass. Of course, if he looked down his own internal logic would reassert itself and he’d fall back to the ground. Dora used to find all sorts of ways to trick him into looking down when she was training him. She had no right treating him like a child when she was so childish herself.
Fancy shelling anti pollution device African snails used sewage plant monitor levels toxic chemicals
The barcode scanner application on Android allows you to compare prices by scanning the barcode with your phone camera but in my experience this shows me alternate prices on Google and there’s little information on whether these boxes of lager are on multibuy. Multibuy is when a box of beer may be £14, but 2 boxes are £15. I think I can see a little project if those nice chaps at My Supermaket are willing to send me documentation on their web services.
“Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.”
John continues reinforcement of scriptural truths with this passage. To the casual reader, he may appear repetitive, however, he is trying to reinforce Christian principles and discernment in the minds of his listeners so that they avoid falsehoods.
p54 “Almost everywhere the expulsion of demons, diseases, and sin coincides – or a one period coincided – with the festival of the New Year.”
"What? That's impossible!"
Bethany stalks blogs using Google Friend Connect. She enjoys reading other blogs through her Google Reader. If you would like to be a featured blogger, being shared with more than 32,000 combined followers between the hosts of this hop, please link up! At the end of each week we will select a blog via Random.Org to be the featured blog for the following week. The featured blogger will be emailed by Tuesday morning. Please be sure to check your spam folders! This linky will remain open until 3:00PM EST on Monday! Go ahead, stalk up a storm!
After months of planning, designing, plotting and a whole lot of coffee - we were so excited to head to New York for the official release of Fat Tabby Studio!
Who sadly passed away this week at the age of 66. Davy was my 1st ever teenage crush and I remember putting up posters of him (Tiger Beat Magazine was my favorite)in my bedroom, dreaming of having him and the Monkees sign my autograph book, which I didn't own and maybe one day even becoming Mrs. Davy Jones. May he Rest In Peace. You will be missed. (Music will remain until next week).
KO: "I'm gonna &%*^ you up, EMO!"
﻿ RefrigeratorArtist.com is a place for parents who want to celebrate and save their child's artwork.
Admissions of failure: I nibbled on a couple of nuts, a raisin or two, I licked the peanut butter knife, I drank genmaicha, I sipped some kombucha, I might have tasted a corn chip crumb that was lying on the table after last night’s dinner, I ate at least one sesame snack thingamajig, I crunched a piece of lettuce, I chewed one prune, one dried fig, a couple of dried pear slices, I added chicken soup stock to the kitchari after the day one…
active toddler, but she's still just as adorable as ever!
Window replacement, insulation and weatherization, and energy efficient appliances are all on the rise as people look to save money, both now and for the future. Sellers are finding that these investments are helping home prices as well by adding value for energy savings potential.
and recollections are included from the band members,
As if me not watching this movie will turn such hate into make believe.
We were about to embark on a busy weekend -- going to New Jersey and back in ONE DAY and setting up at the Boston ComicCon for two days -- and I needed something to cast on NOW that is complicated enough to be interesting, yet simple enough that I can knit in the car/train/while sitting at a table at ComicCon.
Empty the dustpan, poison the moth,
you are liable to do damage to your head.
Why I am the one who always been alone? been forgoten? why?
Hi , everyone .
Here is the floor of the cupboard before.
It's always my house in the dream, but it's not my ACTUAL house, which is smallish, rather nondescript and single-story. When I dream this dream, I have sold my current house and have moved into this other place. I seem to usually be taking someone on a tour of my new house.
I have never done well in conventional learning environments. I never wanted to go to 4 years of college (5 or 6 years probably these days). I never wanted to go to work in the financial district or for corporate America, nor did i want to be a hairdresser. I did not know what my options were but the ones being presented to me, did not sound appealing.
We're gonna start by saying
Ramadan is a time of year when we remember those who are less fortunate than ourselves. It would be an affront if at such a time we helped support oppression
In my recent article 50 years of U.S. embargo against Cuba I tried to give some information about the history of Cuba and how the U.S. embargo came about. I did not however go in too much details regarding the question as to why the embargo is still in place and what does this say about democracy or rather the lack of it. This is the purpose of the following essay.
Read the rest of this bizarre story by clicking on the link above.
Make a left(north) on Tamm Ave. and you will be closing in on the end of this run. Seamus McDaniels, Felix’s, Nora’s, and Pat’s are a few fun venues located along the way back to Turtle Park. Tamm will eventually run into Oakland and you will have returned right back to where you started. This run is about 4.5 or 5 miles long and on a hill scale I would give it about a 7. Since Clayton police are usually fairly present and respondant and Dogtown doesn’t have a very high crime rate, I would feel fairly secure running this route during the day or night. Hope you get out there and are able to enjoy it!
I laughed last week. Someone at a community centre offered me a cuppa. I declined saying I was going to McDonalds. He was shocked cos I work on recycled textiles, read books, watch opera. Yep I wan’ i’ all. I love a Big Mac, me. Twice a year. I love a doner kebab now and again. Don’t care if it’s bulls’ bollocks; goes down a treat. And I love fresh salad. I loved Ian Visits tweet saying how he’d bought in a whole load of salad, and a pie… in case when it came to it he’d look at the salad and say “No way!” It happens.
they fought for freedom
I have been reading with interest on several of my favorite blogs what people seem to think make up the ideal blog or what detracts from them, how long or short they should be, etc. etc. I know I probably break all rules for blogging but I blog for mostly my own pleasure, and it is a family, RV, doggie and whatever else blog since we are not full time yet so we don’t have as much travel content. If you look I have a long list of blogs I follow maybe I don’t get to read them each on a daily basis , but I enjoy all of them and I must say they each have a little bit of their own style and taste. So I don’t think we are ever going to the find the one size fits all blog style, Unless the people in China that make baseball hats, discover a way to do it.
Hello everyone and welcome to our third challenge here at Hookedoncraft. Thanks to all who entered our second challenge and we had an overwhelming response of 223!
More than the sweet gestures I love the exchange of words more!! Hehe.. How cute it is when Jin Ho and Gae In are just doing what any ordinary couple do. Makes me want to take Gae In’s place just to receive Jin Ho’s care and love. Add to that, I super love their emotional scenes as well!!!! They always make me feel the hurt and the pain just by looking through their eyes, since I watched this RAW. Yes, live streaming and pure Korean! Addict much.
10/6- Opening Tap at Ram's Head Live, $30- this is where the beer begins to flow. If you are the talkative type, I'm sure you will have the opportunity to run into some of the Baltimore Beer Geek Hall of Famers- maybe Brad Kilpner, Joe Gold, Hugh Sisson, Brian Strumke, Steve Jones, etc.
But, what do I know -- it's taken me 30 years just to get three short stories independently published ;)
Lured by Cecile, Anne stumbles upon Raymond as he tries to lure back his much-younger former flame. As she listens to the man she had planned to marry mocking her age, her looks and even her love, Preminger keeps the camera on Kerr's face, and it's a brilliant choice. You watch this woman's agony grow and grow until you can't bear it any more than she can, and she runs off. It's so beautifully played by Kerr that in no way do you question Anne's suicide later, despite her eminent common sense to that point--what else do you do with that kind of betrayal?
Somewhere we went wrong
In the US, a Fox News executive has been caught on tape saying he pushed the notion that Barack Obama was a socialist on air…..even though he thought the premise was “far-fetched.”
The power of this mythology is also such that the critical documents of America’s founding – the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights – sit in my mind in much the same way as they do in the National Archives: side by side. These are some of the narrative high points of America’s founding myth and their cohesion within this myth make it difficult to remember that the Declaration and the Constitution were separated by 11 years and the Bill of Rights was added another four years after that. I often forget that the Constitution was at least a second try at forming a functional government and, even after its ratification, was by no means a guaranteed success. These complications don’t fit into the narrative thread that I originally learned.
Non-fiction: pop culture, women's issues, technology or lifestyles, only.
Turmeric - a pinch
Kenneth Cole is known for his tongue-in-cheek ads that use clever wording to get the word out about issues like AIDS, homelessness, gun safety and women’s rights. For example, a 1997 ad addressing abortion is accompanied by the tagline “It is a woman’s right to choose. After all, she’s the one carrying it.” Above this text is a picture of two handbags. Ben and Jerry’s has used its ice cream to generate awareness, coming up with unique flavors and donating profits from their sales to various causes. Phish Food is one notable flavor, a chocolate and marshmallow one named after the band Phish, and its profits go towards environmental efforts in the Lake Champlain, N.Y./Vt. area. In 2002 One Sweet Whirled, named after a Dave Matthews Band song, emerged and partnered with SaveOurEnvironment.org to fight global warming and get people to reduce their CO2 emissions. Hubby Hubby, a 2009 flavor renaming of their popular Chubby Hubby, celebrated the legalization of gay and lesbian marriage in the brand’s home state of Vermont and raised awareness of this issue across the country. In addition to brand partnerships there are event partnerships.
Ha E, Cho S-I, Park H, et al. Does standing at work during pregnancy result in reduced infant birth weight? J Occup Environ Med 2002; 44: 815-821.
"If Lord Avallach gave you one of his fairy horses, what would you name it?"
So there you have it – a day of two halves - one rather sad but very moving event, and one very cold but uplifting moment! (no, my Fridays are not usually quite this eventful!!)
2) What is that in your nose?
Regarding us, I take advantage of if your relaxing thru Polar hard will be as private that people assured insurance policy coverage elegant foundation of individual, that can speedy 30 measurements a solid idea of to safeguard a woman include things like if i substantial back appreciate.
So I’ve tried everything but shade, and nothing has worked well for this variety.
Juha (Finland…Nyrki Taviopaara)
07 Third Rate Romance *
And then little blue pills with sugar and coffee to help
IT wasn’t quite the slip-up (or slip-down, as it were) most people expect during a presidential campaign, but whatever happened to Ron Paul’s eyebrows at Tuesday night’s debate certainly caught some viewers’ attention.
