I think I failed to mention that earlier this week I received calls from Walgreens and Ross about my applications there. Walgreens I need to go in and complete the rest of their skills assessment, which I’m waiting to hear back from a manager since I let him know that I was out of town for the week; Ross I called yesterday, the manager I spoke to wasn’t of any help at all and didn’t return my phone call this afternoon, and I honestly don’t really want to call back. The Ross I applied to is over 20 miles away, and I know I wouldn’t get paid enough to even drive there – well, it wouldn’t be worth the hassle, at least. Walgreens is here in town, give or take ten miles away – much more bearable with a mini van! I know everyone is like “You can’t be picky when trying to get a job,” but you know what? If I’m just paying for gas to get to and from work, it’s not even worth having a job. I’m trying to remain optomistic; eventually, something will come up for me. And, no, it will not entail waitressing!
I came up with the following for April Fool's Dinner:
she turned all of her charms upon a gentleman who looked like he might embarrass easily.
The crib head-on....and YES, those are Ugly Dolls. I chose stuff that doesn't really scream "BOY!" so I could reuse the bedding for Baby Owl #2 sometime in the distance future. To make it somewhat boy, I just added boyish accessories. Like Ugly Dolls.
Eva Hughes (Lab) 1696
The Jews were denying all of this. To them, the preaching of the cross was foolishness unto them. They were rejecting Paul and His apostleship. Thus, they were rejecting Jesus Christ for He was Whom Paul preached.
And I sucked a paint-stripper lozenge.
I discovered a wonderful blog and I've had it in the blogroll in my sidebar for a while now. In case you haven't found it yet, I'd like to introduce you to "A Little Bit Biased".
21 May – 20 June – Deer – Flowering Time.
I enjoy both the universal and Hammer Films interpretations of Frankenstein. They are markedly different. The Universal series are more about the alienation of the Frankenstein Monster, albeit with decreasing quality as the film series progressed. The Hammer Films emphasize Baron Frankenstein’s obsession in reanimating life and increasing evil. Universal’s version is a much more humanitarian type. Taken together, both series pint a fascinating picture that no filmmaker, in my humble opinion, at least, has ever combined effectively I one film. Perhaps if someone ever lets me make a movie myself.
Well I suppose if you're genetically predisposed to hate spoilers I've already told you too much - don't hate the player, hate the game. According to a blog dedicated to "Lost" spoilers, PKD's ultimate novel of self-exploration, VALIS, will be featured in episode four of the upcoming fourth season. Argentian author Adolfo Bioy Casares’s The Invention of Morel will also be featured in an episode titled "Eggtown" set to air February 21st.
1) Drinking more Steam Whistle on draught.
Here's what I come up with. The man on the left is Native American; I say that because he appears to be wearing moccasins rather than shoes. The photograph was taken sometime before 1907, because the back of the card is undivided, meaning that there is only space for an address (no message) on the back. The stamp box design indicates that this real-photo card was probably developed on Eastman Kodak paper circa 1904.
Write the way you talk. Naturally.
Hartmann S, Bung P. Physical exercise during pregnancy - Physiological considerations and recommendations. J Perinatal Med 1999; 27: 204-215.
And, when my first marriage was failing, and I felt I would surely lose my mind if I didn't find a job...
between the air
I'm not the right economist to debate the Austrian business cycle, but with increasing information on where to find the best food, cheap credit would seem to lead to a tasty end (or two if you find a good place for Austrian sausage).
I feel supported.
It does happen, not just on blogger, for all sorts of reasons. If you google things like "blog deleted" or "can't access my blog", you'll see some scary stories.
As a stray cloud passes overhead,
In order to be eligible for the prizes above, you must leave a comment on all of the designers' blogs on both sneak peek days.
INVISIBLE EMPIRE is a psychological thriller concerning Scott, a twenty-four-year old who crashes his motorcycle and becomes injured with a rare and brutal nerve condition. Chronic pain leads him to rely heavily on oxycontin which distorts his mind, bringing forth hallucinations of a demon stalking him, taunting him to abuse the painkiller. He wonders if his every day experiences are reality or some type of purgatory. He becomes bedridden and loses everything, including his girlfriend and job as a fourth grade teacher, impelling his father to take on three jobs to pay his bills.
Of course, it slipped my mind that these beings were best at rock-work, and other than the rock foundation, the house was to be of wood frame/strawbale construction — but Gnomes are builders, and the best in the world, so why would this matter?
Have a relaxing Thanksgiving and ensure that it has some element to allow you to reflect. These are such hard times. I just heard today on Colorado NPR that Food Stamp enrollment is up 80% in Colorado since 2008. Perhaps a little more balance is needed in our country and the world. If only…
Motorcycles must be equipped with a positive ignition off switch
Forster and Rostami, both white, suffered a beating at the hands of a crowd of black teenagers.
1 ¼ cup olive oil
‘Bersih Mum’ is from Subang Jaya – a middle-class, strongly pro-opposition suburb. She wrote: “… to my Indian brothers and sisters … Anneh, Thamby, where were you? We missed you-lah at Bersih 3.0”.
Suburgatory is a new smash comedy that comes on the Wednesday line-up. Subugatory features a father and daughter, played by Jeremy Sisto and Jane Levy, who moved from New York City to the suburbs. In the suburb area all the houses are the same and all the lawns are well manicured. Besides the perfect lawns the residents are all spray tanned and have enough money that they could use dollar bills as tissues. So when these fast moving New Yorkers get moved to the suburbs, comedy is likely to ensue. Jane Levy’s character encounters the “Queen Bee” of the high school, Dalia, who until Levy moved in Dalia got whatever she wanted. Besides the high schoolers, the neighbors are also quite nosy and generally come over and observe and comment on the job that Jeremy Sisto’s character is doing. Watch this Preview.
COMMANDERS.—Full Dress.
Johnny is a silversmith's apprentice until he burns his hand on molten silver. There is no place in Boston for a boy with a crippled hand, so he must learn to live without a craft.
But not to worry! Barack is on it! Why this is all he can think about on the links and during vacations. Honest! I sure hope so, because we’re….well….we’re running out of banks.
1 1/2 - 2 Cups Dark Chocolate Chips
Minds fill gaps with qualia
There is a gap between architects and population which is expressed in the nicknames given to new buildings: The Gherkin and The Cheese Grater in London; in Liverpool, the Catholic cathedral is known as The Mersey Funnel or Paddy’s Wigwam and a piece of contemporary art in Newcastle is mocked as The Ice Cream Cone because it looks nothing like what it is supposed to represent. Contemporary buildings always look like something else and humorous metaphors highlight how comical they look! They can not be taken seriously and make the host city look silly.
Each month I offer a layout challenge to my customers. The layout sketch for January was 'Transfigure' from the How-To book 'Magic'. I completed my oldest daughter's Grade 9 layout using this sketch, CTMH's Typeset paper pack and a true fit folio. I completed the layout and then adhered the Left page to the front of the folder, trimming the layout as needed and adding some paper to the inside back of the folio folder for a seamless look. I am keeping these layouts fairly simple and flat since I will be adding things to the folders. The Typeset canvas shapes are fabulous and made this layout a snap to complete.
What I loved so much about this book is how much she shared her heart. She was very open and that made this book come alive and makes it so much easier to apply. We all have read books on this or that, but if that's where it ends, then we have failed. Being filled with knowledge and tools is ok, but when we just let those tools sit in the toolbox and don't actually use them, those tools are worthless. They do nothing for us. But, when we physically pick up the tool and together use it to improve our life, that is valuable!
Hi Readers — The other day, a toddler at an Applebee’s was accidentally served alcohol instead of juice. It’s appalling — the mom said she knew something weird was going on when he started saying “Hi!” to the walls — but the bottom line is: The child was unharmed and this was one single incident. In fact, it was an incident so modest and local, it is bizarre that it made the news. It’s not like this was a terrorist attack. It was one stupid mistake. But as a result, Applebee’s went into OMG mode (probably out of fear of lawsuits as well as bad publicity) and from now on, it says, it will re-train all its employees and use only SINGLE SERVE juice drinks.
Third, the hypocrisy – Right-wing pundits (and many others) are screaming that NPR violated Williams’ rights and should be stripped of its Federal funding (the 2% of its budget it receives indirectly through the Corporation for Public Broadcasting) for stifling him. All he did was say how he really feels, right? What’s wrong with that? Where were these people when Helen Thomas lost her job for criticizing Israel? Where were they when Bill Maher or Phil Donahue got cancelled for saying what they really thought? (Glenn Greenwald has a great overview. It’s required reading for context on this issue.) The outrage in this case is hypocritical and ties back to the issue of bias. It was fine for Williams to express his fears because he targeted our current national boogeyman. Criticizing Muslims is still fine and will be defended.
Renegade Soundwave Renegade Soundwave UK
I am most definitely continuing on with the series, but not only because of the killer cliffhanger (you didn't have to manipulate me like that Andrew Fukuda! I was already obsessively seeking out sequel info by chapter two). The sequel promises all sorts of gory, pulse-pounding action, and I am ALWAYS on board for that!
Additionally, we have some exceptional mega listings coming up and will have some beautiful things to share here. Stay tuned because can’t wait to show them off!
What didn’t I love?
But of course novels themselves, being usually about neither writers or even readers in any significant way (perhaps the most characteristic act of reading found in novels is the typical one of someone reading a newspaper) rarely explore this double-sided condition, its truths, its failings: to do so is to risk a kind of solipsism. Very rarely there appears inside novels a finely drawn map of a literature-loving self and its relationship with the world. Aamer Hussein's The Cloud Messenger is one such book.
According to the complaint, MTN in August 2004 struck a deal with Ali Shamkhani, who was then Iran’s defense minister, to facilitate South African military cooperation and the delivery of defense equipment, including Denel AH-2 Rooivalk helicopters, encrypted military radios, sniper rifles, G5 howitzer artillery weapons, cannons, armored personnel carriers and radar technology. The list was set in a 2004 memorandum of understanding, which wasn’t included with the suit, according to the complaint.
“The gentlemen were attired in ordinary morning costume and except for their complexion and the oriental cast of their features, they could scarcely be distinguished from their English companions.”(Newcastle Daily Chronicle, October 23, 1872)
BTW, unrelated to any of the above...
Chana Daal - 500 Gms
Note also that one of the three judges who will hear the case is a BYU alumni.
how about an alternative? Healthy brownies....health-y!
CL. The collection very much reflects the artistic interests of the curators and as such concerns sound arts and experimental music practices at a particular time and to some extent place (or at least cultural place). It is situated in aspects of post-punk, no-wave, DIY aesthetics, riot grrrl as well as sound art and experimental music histories. As such it concentrates on breaking down the divisions between amateur and professional and reveals alternative, creative and distribution networks outside the mainstreams.
To cut to the chase, the problem is how not to have the same conversation five times a day.
Conditions can make you jump
so, thats it for now. i've got some really fun stuff brewing up that i am so excited to share with you soon (no, i'm not pregnant)!
Who so wisely put my daughters names
in bunkbeds while misavoiding love, and
The Best Has Not came yet,and will always be coming,it will never stop!
And what happened to Esmerelda? She's mentioned in the second paragraph in a way that makes me think she's the antagonist. Then she disappears, and it looks like the house itself is the antagonist.
“Bad comedians are the ones who can tell a joke only when the people they’re making fun of are not in the room – Welsh people are not here. Let’s insult them.
2. Blood In The Mobile
Of T. J. Watson proudly sing;
The tariffs in #4 above will reverse the ruinous practice of outsourcing jobs. Yet even at home, jobs that should go to Americans are instead taken by foreigners.
We're facing a difficult situation here at the Kensington clinic. We're not allowed to cross that road. We're not allowed to speak - unless spoken to. We're limited in our access and in our numbers... What words would reach into that desperate situation... What words could cut through the pain, fear and numbness - to the heart of a mother or father... What words would have the deepest impact... while leaving the smallest wound?
So they cut it down to 3:05
44. In 1973’s High Plains Drifter starring Clint Eastwood, one of the headstones in the graveyard bears the name Sergio Leone as a tribute.
Imagine the religious establishments in England being told “You can’t do that” at every turn. They would soon rebel, they would soon become more and more fundamentalist so that they could be heard. That’s exactly what has happened in the States.
I have just finished this one with the help of my sisters stash. This one will suit my son for his birthday in June as he loves Strawberry cake and champagne!!!!
Sexuality Policy Watch (www.sxpolitics.org)
The way people talk about The King of Limbs being an almost laughably flimsy, incoherent album from a band that's gotten awfully good at selling that kind of thing as minimalist mystique, I remember that that's basically how I felt about In Rainbows. But honestly while parts of the album have that screensaver blankness of a lot of their recent work, some of it, especially "Giving Up The Ghost," make for the most I've enjoyed anything from Radiohead in a long time.
Long time no post.
11th April- The Captains Rest, Glasgow (with Stubb, Trippy Wicked, Low Sonic Drift)
On a merrier note, I am wishing you all a very Merry Christmas! Hope your day is good, and your families bring you joy!
Its the beginning of my so called BREAK from work. Sitting at home and being bored out of my mind. The funny thing is that I really was looking forward to this break. I wanted to sit idle and do nothing. Like reliving my college summer vacations. I guess reliving the past doesn’t seem like such a good idea after all.
Why not do a side-by-side comparison ? Too afraid people will find out about the heavily edited PDRM videos ?
From this week we are returning to a winner's post and we will be linking it here once the challenge post has gone live each challenge
Cook the quails eggs in boiling water for about 5 minutes. Drain, peel, slice in half and keep aside.
He was also told of the frustrations of local college graduates in their 20s who work hard but cannot afford to get onto the property ladder, while some of their contemporaries are content to live off benefits. Mr Miliband said: “I said we would create jobs for young people but they have to take the jobs. It’s a really important principle. They have to take responsibility.”
The first scene back at the school is a great nod to this. They both start grouping the students up, but eventually cannot put their finger on some of them. Jenko eventually knocks one out because he sounds gay, with the playground in shock at his actions who shortly thereafter is revealed to actually be gay. In a brilliant move, stereotypes are out the window here.
Pete, age 31
There is no friend like a sister,
Other suggestions:
Given that scenario, it would seem that the person most in charge of the athlete and his/her professional career would then be the agent who serves as the central clearing house of decision making for the athlete.
@FunnyManG_Child: As "Don't Stop Believing" plays in background, Van Jones, Barack Obama & Jon Stewart walk on set. Blackout...
NTPC LIMITED Results Update, Quarter ended, 30-SEP-2010 (Standalone)
The other is that the Beldam's hand, which gets in through the door in the wall, is in the film a kind of spindly metal scurrying thing. But you don't really need to make Neil Gaiman more scary; that severed hand with the red-painted fingernails is quite horrific enough.
Sunday, 25 March: Bouke Tack (57) was shot in the back during an attack on his dairy farm Golden Valley in the Magaliesburg area. The attack left him partially paralysed. His wife Olga (53) and son Marnus (18) were also at home at the time of the attack, but were not injured.
They are a little different because of the strong molasses flavor that dominates, but as both of the two individuals who repeatedly dipped their paws in the container of them on my kitchen counter said, "These kinda grow on ya."
Cape Town of course is so much more than this. It offers breathtaking vistas, sublime beaches (Seriously the sand is so white you could be forgiven for snorting it) but regrettably frigid waters (If you value your manhood you won’t even attempt it), and a quaint little known mountain that is often affectionately called Table Mountain. It looks nothing like a table however but according to the learned geologists because it’s flat on top that obviously means it resembles a table. In that case they may as well call it Breadboard Mountain. Well breadboards are flat aren’t they? And at least then the locals can say their mountain is the best thing since sliced bread.
Protest is a valid form of resistance and, like withholding comment, is anyone's right to do. (Just on a pragmatic basis, a list implies more than one person and, if anything, we did not add her to a list, we removed her from one.) We did not "boycott" anyone. We did not "censor" anyone. The DA did not and could not edit or shut down her work. An interrogation of every word reveals each to be an exaggeration.
Inspired by the old European traveling circuses of yesteryear, the Diesel xXx “Rock and Roll Circus” will create one of the most memorable parties that New York has ever seen. With a visually stimulating and decadent theme, Diesel will present the show of a lifetime with theatrical circus elements including cabaret, fire eaters, trapeze artists, sword swallowing, female roller derby squads amongst other fantastical acts of wonderment- old world European carnival injected with a post-modern American twist!
I havent been able to bring myself to a place where I want a diagnosis.
- Support national and regional human rights mechanisms to ensure the inclusiveness of LGBTI issues in their protective and promotional mandates
early hours of today, the state’s
-A healthier body mass index.
Confession: I simply FORGOT to do it.
I think I will take a moment during it all and thank him. Thank him for watching over Sara and I guess, watching over me. His passing resulted in things I don't think he ever expected. He must be so proud of her. I imagine he is proud of me too.
Leave a comment with your FB or Twitter name so I can find you.
Here's a few pictures of our week, through the eyes of Instagram. (@mackeymadness)
You could wrap the stem with florist tape if you want to thicken it up.
(Utao (right) & Da)
Viewed through the prism of Arab political consciousness, 9/11 was a tragic development, the catalyst of an aggressive campaign which compounded the grievances Arabs had with US foreign policy and the victimization they felt as a result.
A Chelsea spokesman said: “Chelsea Football Club and the overwhelming majority of our fans abhor all forms of discrimination and believe they have no place in our club or our communities.
"Oh no. Her nostrils were protruding."
(See Uncle Doc's recipe for turtle soup)
It’s not often that I think like this, but something is in the air this year and I can feel it in my bones. So bring it on—the sun, the waves, the beach, the drinks by the pool, and the decadent meals that last too long into the night. I am ready for it all! Here are some seasonal essentials to help you dress the part and make the most of what is destined to be the best summer ever. (I know, I am also a little confused at my newfound optimism. Just roll with it; I am.)
But for today that is gonna change just for a tiny moment.
10-01 Kansas City, MO – Starlight Theater #
LIPGLOSSES:
I apologize. Andrew and I ate it all before I could get a decent shot of it. It was ridiculously good. It was this chocolate cake, in case you were wondering. I topped it with cream cheese frosting. I have no doubt I’ll make it again. It was just that good.
For the factual record, Barack Obama is publicly on the record supporting the sodomy of children in his czar selections. The very same Obama who said, “ “Judge me by the people with whom I surround myself” surrounded himself with a czar who openly promotes homosexuality in public schools and smiled down at a boy who told him he was being sexually molested by an older man.
Standing before a very disturbed man armed with a kitchen knife, screaming about the voices in his head, with two of the youngest members of my team the other day made me realise what a treacherous, corrupt and morally bankrupt set of losers anyone who is proposing the current personal attacks on police officers are.
We aren’t the ‘Leader of the World’ any more. We are not an island.
So, for those of you who are my prayer warrior buddies, please pray for our family as it will be busy and demanding, I'm sure, as we will have 4 under the age of 6. I know the Lord is good and by His Grace I can do ALL things through Him who gives me strength. He is the One who gives and takes away, the Ever-Present help in trouble, the Prince of Peace, the I AM, and Sustainer. He comforts and protects, He guides and directs. What would I... could I do without Him?!?! So. Knowing all this and believing it, I have to die to self a little more and submit fully to Him as I will continue to need Him minute by minute. Raising children is such a blessing, but isn't always easy and I am no perfect parent by any means. In fact, I fail many times at what I do, but there is nothing else here on Earth that I'd rather be doing. This is what I love and have been called to do. So, please pray for me (us), and that God would give me a new excitement and take away any fears or doubts. It is so easy to allow our flesh to worry and say, I can't do this. Apart from Him, I can't. But with Him and the power He has given me I can!
Since graduating from Crown, Curtis has sung with the Minnesota Opera, directed the pit orchestra and chorus in three Crown musicals and has been a worship minister at two churches. He is presently a member of VocalEssence, renowned for its innovative exploration of music for voices and instruments under the direction of Artistic Director and Founder, Philip Brunelle.
#2 I dont know about you, but mornings here can be hectic some times!
Hope you will like this little compilation of mine. If I made any mistakes or left out something out feel free to tell me. Or somehow this post interested you, feel free to like/comment/vote us for the aniblog tourney. Sorry for the blatant advertisement and have a nice moe day with some Saki moe.
With that brief consideration, all the while hoping for any one of the myriad of favorable outcomes, I engage with the most balanced play I can conceive.
1 needed
I am proud of the times when I was the only one who could put my boys in a sling, walk them gently around the neighborhood softly humming lullabies or show tunes, and get them to fall asleep. And I am proud that when we got back home, I would usually sit in a comfy chair and fall asleep myself with them still slung to my body, our breathing patterns falling in together.
Having an affair is not the issue; the heart that lusts outside of God’s boundary of marriage is the issue.
Degrees of inequalities will always exist between the sexes. Ladies, stop fighting this truth. Concentrate on your strengths, and address the internal battle with yourself before declaring men the enemy.
The United States Distance Learning Association (USDLA) will present the 2012 International Distance Learning Awards “LIVE” in conjunction with the 2012 National Conference in St. Louis, Missouri. Since 1987, USDLA has been the world’s premier distance learning association. The USDLA International Awards program honors outstanding individuals and organizations for excellence in the field distance learning, education and training.
next issue: How to keep the wonder
BLT (Blog of the Legal Times)
David Britton, professor of physics at Glasgow University and a leading figure in the grid project, believes grid technologies could “revolutionise” society. “With this kind of computing power, future generations will have the ability to collaborate and communicate in ways older people like me cannot even imagine,” he said.
"Don't be so silly Greenie! It's just a game and you're never too old for love hearts!"
Anyway, you can now join in with the Lovely Ladybugs' challenges at our Challenge Blog HERE! and also please check out what my other teamies have come up with this week too! (Check out the challenge blog or sidebar for links to their blogs!)
I own a black Chow bitch named Abby. She’s three years old, and a cute little knee-high puffball with sparkling eyes and a pompon tail and a sense of mischief a mile wide. She’s also a ferocious guard dog who objects to everyone who walks past our house and strenuously strives to eat any dog within sight. Her recall is nonexistent. She broke her collar once and it was “missile away” and she darn near killed the neighbor’s dog. The reality is, our beloved family pet doesn’t have an off-switch. 2000 years of “guard” flows in her veins, and she’d lay down her life for any of us without hesitation. But her instinct is pure “us” vs. “them.” It’s up to US to provide the judgment–and control to keep her from hurting anyone.
I can't believe how small he was, and how fast it's all gone!
I taught Millie Katniss Winter (is coming) to sit on command. In this video it also looks like she actually comes when she is called but that’s just good timing.
Opportunity knocks. Limited time offer. Don’t miss out. Hurry. Sale ends tonight at midnight. In the next hour…Whatever phrase you use when you put a “deadline” onto a discussion it heightens the anxiety and can unwittingly stampede people into quick sometimes poor decisions. Sometimes the decisions can be genius-like but the pressure isn’t purely enjoyable for everyone. Sometimes they freeze up and actually make no decision or even a contrary decision.
Wuthering Heights- blowing strongly: describes a wind that blows strongly and makes a loud roaring sound, 2. having blustery winds: subject to persistent blustery or noisy winds
garam masala - 1 tsp
Good news is, mini sets were just made available, so you can try it out without committing too much. Also, you get free shipping until Dec 15... that's just 3 days away, so check it out now.
The European banking elite have always been determined to control our currency, and that is exactly what is happening today.
the agent allegedly converted
Ng Guan Mean: M Hotel at 2.30pm.
The snail's on the thorn;
The universe is nearing its inevitable end, everything is being rapidly devoured. The last hope of a dying universe is to awaken the Seeker, a legendary metaphysical being known only through ancient tales. The Seeker has the capacity to link the entire universe; they alone may be able to spark the rebirth of the universe.
Yesterday I attached another(!) ruffle to the skirt of my dress, but didn't manage to get a picture quite yet. Will do so, soon. That reminds me! I also need to photograph my recent for-Etsy crafting. Let's just say I suspect my trademark will be (ribbon-made and all other sorts of) roses. But you knew that. And chandeliers, of course.
Elphaba, the eventual Wicked Witch of the West, is born to a minister father and a tart of a mother. She's green, she has pointy teeth and odd eyes, and her mother doesn't really bond with her. She spends her childhood with her missionary family in an unsavory part of Oz called Quadling country and is nearly uncontrollable until her younger siblings come along. As she grows, it's evident that she's not as odd as her parents originally feared, and she's a smart little whipper snapper. She attends Shiz University with Galinda (later Glinda) and a cast of other pivotal characters, and her life unfurls into an adventure as she eventually becomes involved in political workings and endures heartache and failure throughout her life until the unavoidable ending we know awaits her.
High school started & in school the Library was a revelation for me, "The Simlarillion" gave me everything I ever wanted, a full history of Middle-Earth from it's creation & the high period of the Elvish race, where the Heroes of the Third age, were minor players compared to the mighty heroes within it's pages, from the ill fated F'eonor & Turin. To the love of the mortal Beren who dared the anger of a god for the woman he loved. I still to this day prefer 'The Silmarillion" to any of his other works. This led me to get into D&D and TSR's novels.
My favorite flowers of all time are hyacinths and irises. What I love most about these bulb flowers is how easy and fast they are to plant and take care of. I guess I could say that I have a black thumb instead of a green thumb (I once killed a white wisteria bush I was trying to grow). But I can grow bulbs! My longest-living flower to date is a beautiful red amaryllis. Bulbs: DigDropDone has the most beautiful bulbs of all kinds, and is my new favorite gardening supply website.
You know.
Rest in Peace Issac Hayes.
I think I feel uncomfortable with writing a post that’s only about my hair. So until I can get over that particular problem, I’ll be content with this dual format.
Ooops! I found this post in my drafts and completely forgot to post it after my bloggy break! Better late than never!
How soon is that?
In 2010 we were able to include a further five events in the calendar that had been led by the industry and the event reached more than 1,000 digital professionals in the city. More importantly it brought people in the sector together and engaged with the key target audience to turn a very negative view into positive activity. The 2010 festival, whilst problematic, gave people in the industry an appetite to deliver the festival the following year, and change it to reflect the true nature of the digital scene in the city.
on a hot summer's day.
So the next time you start day dreaming, wishing you were anywhere but the board meeting consider a fun opportunity for your kids and put them one step ahead of the rest by considering English courses for kids.
Total Units day three : 6.57
So thank you – I can’t wait to see where this discussion goes next!
- Braided leather belts.*
30-something: I’m going to the mall to get my eyebrows threaded, fix a clasp on my bracelet, find a dress for another wedding I’m attending, comfortable, cute flat shoes for work, new book, gift certificate for so and so, I’m not trying to be in here all day…
“Having FMF back as a partner of the Nationals is crucial for the sport of motocross,” said Mark Carter, General Manager of Motocross, Alli Sports. “Their support through social media and marketing will be a huge lift for Lucas Oil Motocross.”
This was probably one of his worst dances. He had some hip action, but no technique. He was just kind of throwing himself around the floor.
We all went inside and settled into bed for the night. I closed my eyes and said my prayers, pulling my blanket up to my chin. Thank you God. We needed that break. I closed my eyes and went to sleep.
Highlights: The Henry Holland fash film and his tweed dresses embellished with pearls, Betty Jackson's red, red, and even more red show and Charles Anastase's rich materials - velvet dresses, sheer silk blouses and lovely metallic fringing.
Sure, I will admit that the bible does mention some things that did happen in history, such as the fall of Jericho, but nowhere in the historical records does it even come close to coinciding with the accounts of the bible. So either the bible is wrong or history is. However, nowhere is there any reliable evidence for the story of the Exodus and Moses. The Egyptians kept records on how to make beer and how to brush their teeth, but they never once mentioned that they were using an entire nation of people as slaves to build their monuments. All evidence points to Egyptian citizens that were used to make them, and they were not treated as slaves, quite the opposite.
My car is in the shop today (joy), so I may not get to go to the barn at all today :( I was getting used to my double-doses of the pony every day despite not being able to get any saddle time in for an entire week now. Hopefully, I will get my car back tomorrow and if the weather cooperates, I should be able to ride/lounge/something every day this week and MAYBE even have a lesson on Saturday (and possibly a trainer ride on Wednesday).
This learning thing
But wait. Maybe I do have something going on..what did I say at the beginning? Oh yeah, I have issues. This is actually what I saw on a lady's shirt while I was picking up the kids from school. It made me smile. Bright red tee with white lettering across the sizable chest of the lady. Perfect. I want one.
Inspired by theater visionaries Augusto Boal and the Wooster Group, the Collective has worked for the last year on a series of performance workshops centered around such beds – experienced, remembered, and imagined from profoundly different viewpoints. The audience will be encouraged to engage with the characters while walking through the gallery as a shift-bed house, witnessing their stories of life before and after immigration to the United States.
Thailand’s “Rose of the North” is increasingly defined by more than just its mountains and temples, as it successfully lures many Thais, foreign expatriates and tourists to its bustling city center. As part of that trend, the Chedi Chiang Mai, a resort of boutique-luxury specialists General Hotel Management (GHM) Ltd., opened its doors in 2006 to become the first five-star hotel located along the Ping River.
What they have done now is tweak the code in the Simple template to make the post comments section grey, so it stands out. You'll see this at the bottom of each post, where it says 'Posted by', 'Comments', 'Links to this post' etc. Which is great if it's what you want... but not so good if you have your signature there, for example.
Probably my favourite poem in the world.
membership of a robbery
JC: Wow, that’s tough. This one is very close to my heart, and there are many moments that I love to re-read. Caroline’s fight with her former friend at the engagement ball, when she “lets her inner witch free.” The moment Anne admits she loves Fitzwilliam. Brandon and Marianne’s leave taking at Delaford. But the part I like the best is the last chapter.
On the outside I appeared calm and composed, just another respectable and mature adult shopper, but inside I was 11 years old again and giggling gleefully. Not gonna lie, I have searched for these at this same thrift store before, but apparently had been looking in the wrong section. And yep, I bought them all. I would have bought more, but I stopped myself.
But, if I come to God on His terms, allowing God to deal with justice at the cross so that He can distribute blessings according to His grace, then what’s in it for me is God’s goodness. And since I was not hired at 6:00 AM, I have received God’s goodness as an undeserving recipient.
Women (and men) will march and rally today in state capitals and major U.S. cities against the recent attacks on women and in defense of women’s rights.
A very sad (in the original sense of the word) lack of response from the Trustees of the Poetry Society to the Members' requisition to hold an emergency meeting.
I began this post with the title ‘Death of safe harbour for intermediaries for copyright infringement’, but now I wonder if there was any life to begin with. Perhaps ‘still-born’ would be more appropriate. For those of us who believe in the rights of the intermediaries and were hoping against hope for a favourable interpretation of the IT Act, this decisino comes as a crushing blow, and I fear at this stage, an amendment is the only remaining
Yes, we need to cater to the needs of our boys. This much is clear. We need to change the way we teach and assess so that our boys can develop their love of reading in an environment that works for them. But it is also absolutely crucial that we do not systematically discriminate against them through the routines of our reading program.
I don’t want my Pinot Noir to be a fat, immobile, undersexed chicken.
I could make the wrong ones, so that right will be Now.
Baking stone
he will greet sunrise at dawn
As always, Badbirdz depends on YOU to report your sightings and be our ‘eyes on the ground’, so please come back and give us an idea of what you are seeing in your neck of the woods. This will help us better understand the radar images and in return we can pass this knowledge onto you.
Oh. The red hair. The blue eyes. The fair skin. The pouty lips. The stare. This little one just keeps on growing, up up and up.
I haven't blogged in a long time; there hasn't been a lot to say. Today I thought I would just share a bit of zen with you all.
‘The voice of Morgan’s blood cries from the ground’: reading American
I suppose it’s understandable that they do. I mean, if I were an average Joe who couldn’t work his way around the desktop without getting totally lost and thus took the Like function that literally, I guess I’d be jumping down his throat too. But I’m not, and I’m perfectly aware that Like has been adapted by the users themselves for other uses, some beyond mere approval. Most likely the liker could have simply wanted to acknowledge the post itself, thankful to the station for keeping them informed. Perhaps, although less likely, he’s using ifttt to send the link to an Evernote account to read later. It’s possible. However, people still insist on boarding the “OMG HE LIKES DEAD BABIES” train because they couldn’t have possibly known any better.
After his first marriage to Orr ended, Cummings went on to marry once more for a mere 3 year stint and after the second marriage ended in 1932, he met the woman he would spend the remainder of his life with, Marion Morehouse. Although the two never legally married, they fulfilled the role of husband and wife for one another from 1932 until his death in 1962. Needless to say, Morehouse was the love of his life and stayed by his side during times of heartache.
2 Tablespoons sour cream
For instance, Spanish people are extraordinarily welcoming. If they invite you to pop in for a coffee or drink whenever you want, they mean it. In fact they'll give you a bright smile when you knock at their door early on a Sunday morning and say "Hi, we've come all five of us and the dog for lunch today" and stay on until twelve at night. Even if their fridge is completely empty they will fabricate an edible meal with an egg and a potato (also called tortilla).
If these statements surprise you, I recommend you read the whole article to find out how this is done.
Properties:..Vitamin C, Beta Carotine, calcium and sodium. treatments:..Ling disorder, lowers cholesterol, insomnia,gout, arthritis..when used as a tea it good for people who suffer from heart problems.
Frustration. Acoompanied by immense nausea from exertion. Poop. I'm still sore about it. Gah.
George Whitmore (framed for committed several murders, including the famous Career Girls Murders) is the closest candidate for the hero/protagonist of the book, and it is nearly the end of the book when he is finally set free. Here’s English summarizing the time period when Whitmore was in legal limbo:
The question of the week on the adoption facebook pages seems to be whether or not you should request gender when adopting. Seriously? This is what my life keeps boiling down to? When will the gender issues in my own life be over? I keep trying to explain my position on various pages until I'm exhausted. It's like real life. Except now I'm older so I realize, what they say doesn't really matter in the wide scheme of my life. This is MY life. I can make the choices in it with my husband and children and if they are good choices for US....the rest of the world can live with it.
For those of you who noticed my new banner and thought:
I would use a photo that your planning to take on the 29th, bc i know your so talented and will love them. I have an empty wall above my couch that could use a great black/white :) jenwhip912@comcast.net
Dave said Event Cancellation Insurance would cover businesses for any expenses they had paid out up to a pre-agreed limit if the event had to be cancelled through no fault of the organisers.
- Maybelline Great Lash mascara, Shine Sensational gloss, Baby Lips: CAD3.99
I know that all children your age do not act like this because their parents are procreating again. This leads me to two conclusions 1. one their mothers are not in tears at the thought of the mothering a baby along with thier toddlerr and 2. they are doing what it takes to procreat.
I love the photos, and feel like it was a SUPER inexpensive way to fill up a large space! Maybe it's because I love my kids mugs ;) I am Assistant Stake Girls Camp Director, and we are having each ward take a picture of their girls, and we are going to blow them up for decoration at camp. I can't wait!
The mechanics are basically the same as World of Warcraft, with almost no variation. You pick a race (Human, Twi’lek, Zabrak, Cyborg, etc) and a class (Jedi Knight, Trooper, Imperial Agent, Bounty Hunter, etc) and go along a major storyline based on your class that features hundreds of side missions around the way to keep you busy and interested. Aside from the questing, there are long-form group adventures called Flashpoints that usually require a group of four, although earlier instances of these require as few as two players. As far as playing AGAINST other people, there are player versus player battles called warzones that usually involve destroying an enemy base or capturing turrets while annihilating each other in teams of eight versus eight.
Concluding in Theism:
The juxtaposition of Llandy, the poor girl from Glinnery and Eva, the High Summoner from Glour and how their stories evolve and intermingle is well executed and drives the plot forward along with mystery of the istore gem and the collapsing veil between the worlds. The evolution of Llandy’s character as she finds herself drawn to the istore gem and her ability to connect with the animals around her when she wears it adds to the gem’s mysterious properties as well as Llandry’s nature. Is she something more than she appears? And why are the seven realms separated at all?
Possibilities:
This is not a bad movie. Has a lot going for it. Some very cool stunts and it doesn’t take it’s self too serious. Which is nice. What is wrong is the main plot. It has been done some may times before. While they try to put a new face on it and pretty it up. It still has been done. I did like the movie but only as a rent. Can’t see myself watching this again.
Someone great
New Zealand's annual romance writing competition, the 2011 Clendon Award is now open and receiving entries up to and including 26 February 2011. Romance Writers of New Zealand Inc who administer the Clendon Award are accepting full manuscripts from unpublished New Zealand authors who aspire to become published romance writers.
YOU SIT YOUR ASS DOWN AND ACT LIKE NOTHING!!!
The voluntary “Memorandum of Understanding” is based on a system of Copyright Alerts, “a state-of-the-art system similar to credit card fraud alerts – that will educate and notify Internet subscribers when their Internet service accounts possibly are being misused for online content theft. This voluntary landmark collaboration will educate subscribers about content theft on their Internet accounts benefits consumers and copyright holders alike.”
During the debate, Lim Guan Eng did not take questions directed to him by the crowd – giving answer that deflected from the questions. But he now accuses the people who posed questions as being all MCA members after the debate. This reduces the substance of a debate. What the audience wants to hear most is Lim Guan Eng providing a satisfactory and visionary answer to show the public the direction of Pakatan Rakyat and DAP.
As technology advances further, people are becoming entrenched in social media, video games, television and film. The millennial work force has to take etiquette lessons. There’s nations whose birth rates are dropping because contact through a social network is more familiar then physical.
Q044) If you were to change your hairstyle, what would you like?
200 g of green beans, sliced thinly lengthwise, blanched, refreshed and drained well
Literary Links
If you are with me so far...that is the way I feel at the moment.
Boo, cleaning beads sucks :(
Bread Pudding
Have you all seen Parenthood from 1989? I never seek it out to specifically watch but if I see it playing on TV I will sit down and watch it for awhile. There is one line that has been especially resonating with me lately: Karen (Mary Steenburgen) replies to her husband Gil (Steve Martin) "Well I happen to LIKE the roller coaster, okay?" Karen is responding to the story that Grandma told...check it out here. I too like the roller coaster of life where things can be scary and equally thrilling at the same time. I never liked the Merry Go Round either.
I would be yours, my love.
Sometimes it has no name at all:
I procure a feeling for which I am willing to pay.
Getting the harp into the house (and finding a place for it amid the other 4 harps plus the piano in my living room) were just the first steps. It needed some dusting (ok, a lot of dusting) and a good checking over. Now I'm ready to get out the tuner and start the long, exacting job of getting the little gold beauty back in tune. It'll take a couple of weeks. Why? On first pluck, middle C was somewhere down below F...
Teal: Ugh! Where is a water station when you need it? These first few miles were HOT! I think I had more sweat in these 3 miles then I did during any other stretch of the race. It was hot and humid and the air was seriously thick! I kept coughing because it honestly felt like something was stuck in my throat. I start looking to the sky and thinking where is the rain we’ve been hearing about and if it doesn’t rain I am going to be pissed because I decided to forego buying new shoes because I felt like that would be a dumb idea to run in new shoes in the rain and then feel like they were ruined after one time.
It’s Time to WAKE UP
Short and Sassy
It should have been a disaster. But luckily our friend Candy Gourlay, author of the fabulous Tall Story, came along and took command of the filming and directing. So it's thanks to Candy that we produced something reasonably coherent and - we hope - entertaining.
First…What does the Bible reveal about resurrection as transformation?
Thus, I, Kṛṣṇadāsa, the servant of Śrīla Rūpa Gosvāmī, have sung of four divisions of the Lord’s pastimes in this chapter: the Lord’s devotion to His mother, His words of madness, His rubbing His face against the walls at night, and His dancing at the appearance of Lord Kṛṣṇa’s fragrance.
Thus fortified, we set off on the next stage of our journey.
bobos—that is, bourgeois bohemians (the acronym works equally well in both languages), members of the liberal upper middle classes. Bobos are terribly eager to see themselves as the saviors of the world—that’s the bohemian side—and will do absolutely anything to fulfill this role, so long as it doesn’t require them to give up any of the benefits of their privileged status—that’s the bourgeois side.
- the fact that I can find at least one evening a week to visit my own blog and actually write something
Sailor Boys Tennis Team defeated Midview last night in a WSC match 5-0. The varsity squad is no 2-0 in conference play and 6-0 overall. The following boys won last night:
Skywalker
You don’t know it all. Fuck up. You don’t even know the half of it. Don’t watch a fucking movie and draw comparisons to something where comparisons don’t exist.
30 Mins……………..
The EPO has previously provided guidance in the form of a Notice on internet citations [1]. However this was mainly concerned with how to establish the publication date of an internet disclosure and did not address the accessibility of websites.
his feet worked like a monkey out the door
‘Ha!’ he cried. ‘So says the man whose scripts are a laughing stock within the BBC.’ And with that he turned his back on me, bent over and the word ‘Loser’ reared up to great me.
Farther along the path we passed through olive groves. The trees’ silvery leaves shimmered in the light breeze. The overall result was prettier than I could have imagined.
Nice man and woman have helped me with these, what a sweat. A couple of views of Key West and me doing my weight lifting at the gym, only on sea days. Bye for now from ship’s blog.
Ride with the tide and go with the flow
Knowin’ there something I can do about it.
To get to the Legacy we have to cross one set of railroad tracks. I took sort of a skewed picture of the crossing in order to capture the snow-covered mountain in the background. Sometimes we have to wait for trains, which normally bugs us no end but today I was actually hoping for one so I could compare the containers with the ones we saw in the Mannheim harbor that we saw during our ride on the Neckar last summer in Germany (travel.topic wise.com) No such luck on Sunday.
Perhaps the recent Olivier Award winners will halp you decide – the big award winner of the night for the new musical – Matilda, playing a The Cambridge Theatre.
This was followed by Jaco Swart talking social media. I find all the different forms of SM a bit overwhelming to be honest so it was refreshing to hear murmurs in the room telling me I wasn’t alone…!
Apple, Moxie Crimefighter, Pilot Inspektor, Fifi Trixiebell, Audio Science, Denim, Banjo, Speck Wildhorse, Free, Satchel, Diva Thin Muffin and Dweezil. Your names are crazy as hell too, kids, but it’s yesterday’s news. Good luck being taken seriously and sorry your parents are stupid.
It was Aed's, it was Aillil's,
So let's take a look at these messages one at a time.
Second, since we did not add a constraint for this field stating that it is nullable, it will be required for all records. This is the intended behavior, but as we will see, it will have some bearing on how our migration is written.
I have been keeping the beer log though and there are some terrific vintage beers stored in the fridge that I'm dying to try. One from 2009, and a couple from 2010. Perhaps I'll keep them a bit longer. I may be seldom seen but I'm not gone completely.
Second, what if you don’t draw card? Flash of insight, Forbidden alchemy, Maralen of the mornsong, Telling time, Abundance, Ad nauseam, Augury adept, Dark confidant… If you prevent yourself from drawing cards with, say, Necropotense, and every card you “draw” is simply putted into your hand, then Brainstorm can set the perfect miracle card on top of your library for Necropotense to draw at any given time. If only Chimney imp and Chittering rat could target you instead of your opponent… Oh but there is Leashling that does this, as does Reclaim and Noxious retrieval!
Dave was a friend I met when I was 16, he and I used to get high behind the Dairy Queen. He was one of those guys who drifted in and out of my life. Everytime I saw him we would pick up where we left off. Having a laugh and remeinicing about the past. While my life moved forward his stood still. It was often sad to see him struggling.
One of my favorite snacks is popcorn, so when I saw this churro popcorn, it called my name! And then it said, "make me...now". Luckily for me, I actually had cinnamon chips in the house, so I was able to quickly whip up a batch. While the popcorn is obviously a different texture than an authentic churro, the flavor is definitely there. This was great snack, and was perfect for our movie night!
Time in the NICU: 150 days
Jesus take everything
God is not going to change one thing about what is happening in the world by whoever. This is a great testimony of his love and power and wisdom and his mercy.
I'd had an exhausting day. A fun day - a day full of speeches and workshops and cupcakes and tight schedules and buzz and friendly faces. A day when I barely got chance to catch my breath. But also a very odd day, when I found myself right at the centre of something as well as right on the edge of it.
Meet the newest attitude in town!
Dearborn’s City Plan Commission approved land use for the intermodal station and the Dearborn City Council approved the purchase of the seven-acre site from Ford Land through the use of federal funds.
Love this post from my bestie Rose from ButImBeautiful, can’t agree with Miss M that Australia is a crappy dump, although today as my previous post suggests, perhaps the novelty is wearing off…
“The new financial system is online now and abundant financing is either already or soon to be made available, according to dragon family representatives. The final take down of the criminal cabal has also begun in earnest with over 200 senior bankers arrested and 450 resigned last week alone, these sources say. Japan is also now doing the final paperwork needed to set up an international economic planning agency with an initial funding facility of $10 trillion or about 200 times what the World Bank lends every year, according to Japanese government sources. There will be some sort of announcement about this and other things on Tuesday evening, March 27th, 2012 Japan Standard Time according to illuminati and White Dragon Society sources. The arrest of some very high profile individuals is imminent.”
Even when you are trying to correct them , start with their positive points with descriptive
- Phil Rushton
I love to learn. I like to research and I like to think about things in an in depth way. I learned far more outside school. People would say that school days are the best days of your life. Actually no, it was always the time outside school that I remember in a positive way. For me, school was not about getting good grades, learning or socialising. It was wasting time til it was all over and it was a memory of days I rather not go back to. I left school incapable of doing much , still very shy and without much to look forward to. I wish for better for my children. I love the idea of learning as a family, despite all those years of schooling, I still appreciate, welcome and adore learning.
JM: Most people are familiar with the Maya and Aztec cultures—why an exhibition devoted to the Children of the Plumed Serpent?
I made this card because I just love the idea of the play on words...Thanks a latte. Love the navy and I stamped SU's Night of Navy paper with a distressed background stamp with SU's Craft White Inkpad.
I have this overwhelming sense of being like Prince Charming (yeah, fancy me being one) walking through thick brambles and thorny plants as high as the great wall of China and discovering behind it a long forgotten castle. I open its creeking gates with the rusty hinges and lo and behold, a magnificent edifice untocuhed by human hands for hundreds of years. THAT is exactly how I feel when I managed to open again this blog and WRITE something.
It's rare that a series opener can get away with killing off a main character, but Christopher Fowler pulls off exactly this. The bomb which kills Bryant becomes May's first case without him and takes him - and, of course, us - back to their first case together. This enables us to experience the beginning of May and Bryant's relationship with the benefit of hindsight, looking back on what we know to have been a successful partnership for over fifty years. Occasionally this backward-looking angle is made explicit in observations made about Bryant's or May's behaviour or their way of working.
How do I find time for it? By being a full-time slackademic: I stay in the office for ten hours a day but spend rather too much of it blogging, and not about academic things most of the time. I really admire the academic blogging community out there: they do fascinating research then share their ideas with like-minded colleagues. I don't get any research done but do find the time to rant about Paul Uppal, Stoke City and mediocre indie bands. I wonder if these two facts are connected. I even manage to fit in some teaching occasionally
U.S. Military Representative, NATO Military Committee (‘91-‘93)
We’re in Penang right now to enjoy a duper long weekend. (Yippee!) But all these traveling has created a ton of backlog which I’m trying my best to clear.
character, to the glory of Him who hast made us anew in Christ Jesus. Or,
But before we get to the review, let me confess that I've always found this beer insipid and have, I think far from uniquely, taken to calling it "Flat Tire." I am, nevertheless, a trained beer-tasting professional and when I sat down to taste this beer, wiped my biases clean.**
Impossible as it was to psych myself up for two hours of Nazi propaganda, I understand now why Triumph of the Will is so important to see. Watching this staged “documentary” of the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg explained more about the rise of Nazism, the party’s appeal, and the power of fascism than any textbook chapter ever could.
Love and abundance begets love and abundance.
So I had to adjust more than my attitude.
I had to make the Mini bit three times - I had decided to try out the cracked glass technique, used about half a pot of e.p. building up the thickness I wanted, cracked OK, then my son came to see what I was doing and asked was the Mini supposed to look like it had crashed! Oh dear, not quite the look I was going for. The second one I forgot to distress the edges before putting one layer of e.p. on and it looked bland. This is the third!
Please comment if you visit and and benefit from what you read. Feedback is an encouragement to write. !!!
Like this passage. From, The Mauritius Command:
There are so many things from which I take inspiration. I am naturally drawn to rustic, cozy, shabby chic styles of clothing, furniture, fabrics, etc. I LOVE to scour thrift shops, looking for treasures which can be transformed into beautiful keepsakes. I actually get a rush in finding things for $1.00 and $2.00!! I love vintage pieces of lace and crochet doilies which I love adding to my projects to give them more of a softer feel.
Sides
Let's get the hard part of this post over with first thing. I just weighed myself and I am creeping very close to that number that I said I would never see again. This scared the crap out of me. For some reason, I haven't been weighing myself lately and this was a real eye opener.
Living for miles upon days
It means "(something) that needs to be solved (kyeol) with priority (sun)". It is a word often used in political terms and situations. I chose it mainly because of its Korean nuance, which I think has grace in pronunciation yet harshness in meaning.
3. dance, dance, dance- lykke li
I put those thoughts together with the takeaway from the other blogs I read this morning, and here is my epiphany: the need to write a query letter isn't just some arbitrary punishment agents inflict on writers because they're mean. It's an important rite of passage for the work.
Ergo, make a SMART (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, and Time-bound) career plan with all of your subordinates (and not just a select few) that details what the best promotional track for them is based on their strengths, accomplishments and characteristics. Make them realize that you have a career advancement plan for them and that you would help them climb up the organizational chart on the condition that they consistently exceed your expectations and impress the clients. Make them see that you are not only working for yourself and that your growth is their growth too in the sense that when you go up, they also go up with you. Finally, sit down with them and sincerely strategize about how you are gradually but surely going to direct them to the higher position they deserve and desire.
This was from last November and is part of what will probably end up being my masters project here in Berlin. I am still in the early stages of getting stuff together but wanted to start putting feelers out. The idea is to photograph former structures of the U.S. Military in Germany that are either in the process of or haven’t yet been repurposed, torn down or rebuilt. I am hoping to make the photo project less about the structures themselves and more about the relationship between them and people who are in one way or another connected to them. I think it will (hopefully) be really interesting to see the way peoples feelings change in relation to structures as the political reasons they were built in the first place, dramatically change. For instance this is a former CIA listening station, now it is a place for young people to sneak into and have parties.
And so I am challenged this month, to replace all the time I spend worrying with activities that are going to bring joy and give life.
I do not physically work myself.
The GOP’s drift toward loopyness started in 1993 when Bill Clinton became the first Democrat in the White House in a dozen years – and promptly allowed gays in the military, pushed through the Brady handgun act, had the audacity to staff his administration with strong women and African-Americans, and gave Hillary the task of crafting a national health bill. Bill and Hillary were secular boomers with Ivy League credentials who thought government had a positive role to play in peoples’ lives.
I recently stumbled across a blog called The Food Librarian who informed me that yesterday was National Bundt Day. There was an offer to post a picture of a bundt on your own blog or email her a picture and I thought "we could do that." I have been reading food blogs and websites for the better part of the last four years but never thought of writing my own until yesterday
This does not include the many dogs and cats that are injured by individuals, which are much too numerous to even try to list. Just go to Pet-Abuse.com and search for New York cases.
Some companies that had floated FCCBs had started to buy back their bonds by raising money through external commercial borrowings (ECBs) or other means.
The one bright shining development for Katniss is her finally understanding what a cold, manipulative person she is, via overhearing an exchange between Peeta and Gale as to who she’ll choose to be with. Between their agreeing that her choice will be based on who can keep her alive – not who has her love – and Peeta calling her out for being a cold bitch for her actions post-Games, it’s satisfying for her to feel bad for her behaviour.
Here's to another terrific year with a most terrific boy. Happy (belated) Birthday, Matteo!
(DEF II, v.3, ch.37, p.416)
Unwind from your journey and explore the area that will be your home for the next few days. Learn about some of the nearby sights at the Adventures by Disney hospitality desk.
I'm going to leave it at this for now, but I'll try to get back and write more about the birth.
Busy weekend coming up with hubby out of town and my having to juggle the kids' weekend activities solo. Going to be a very tight squeeze getting from the soccer game to the music festival today, but barring any accidents along the way, everything should work out. If not, my son gets left at the soccer field LOL - just kidding!
And so life goes on. There is no stopping us and the kiddos in watching The Avengers. We all like superheroes but as Captain America said, “There is only one God and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” And I say amen to that.
A quiet Saturday spent in the kitchen, and a chance to rustle up a nice easy dinner. Borrowing Nigel Slater’s classic coq au vin recipe, with a bit of simplification, and pairing it with some boulangere potatoes and some green beans. A lovely classic weekend dinner. Tasty and (relatively) healthy. At least, healthier than if I’d followed through with the initial plan to go for dauhpinoise potatoes…
P.S. 316 Elijah Stroud
And Johan kept on wondering and
With a new hardcover book, an author will typically get around $3.00 to $4.00 per copy in royalties — hardly an extravagant amount, when you consider the effort that goes in to writing a book. But if the print book fades away and the $9.99-priced e-book becomes the new norm, authors’ royalties would be reduced to a pittance.
As the core of the darks power in the inner collapses..the power of those that think they run the show here on earth becomes more exposed, as their protective layer of invisibility is gradually falling apart, they can no longer hide themselves behind the great lies. We are seeing the dark fall before our very eyes, in recent months Mubarak and Gaddafi have fallen,Syria looks next, Bellosconi ..known as the great survivor has gone, Corruption has been uncovered in the world bank and imf…Lachlan Murdoch has quit News International..France, Germany, and other EU leaders are bickering and in turmoil. America is under severe financial pressure as the truth becomes known of their debts and dodgy dealings. China, Japan,Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,are all bankrupt…the fall is everywhere..we dont have far to look..the light of god is showing us political and world corruption..Keep your cash at hand,passport safe and be ready to move at a moments notice..in the meantime relax and watch the dark fall.
So I miss Rose on her birthday but I hope it is a wonderful day for her. She will be celebrating with friends, one of whom shares a birthday with her.
Replays and dull days
, the African is nurtured into such inexplicable witchcraft beliefs by certain parts of the African culture. It feeds into the African’s strong believes in evil spirits, demons, witches, juju and other malevolent forces as responsible for life’s difficulties. The African isn’t accountable for his or her actions.
I saw these lovely linen lunch napkins on Patricia's blog and thought they were just the perfect way for me to make the switch. Aren't they fabulous? I have had them in my cart several times. But each time I could not justify spending the money.
“Yes, I’m coming,” she called as she quickly placed the poem on the dresser, smoothed the last wrinkles out of the bed covers, and then rushed out of her room and down the stairs.
1) The douche who tried to fight me. The flea market was sketchy enough, but then this guy tried to speed up and not let us pedestrians cross the street. I glared at him. I didn’t even flick him off! He just sat there in the middle of the road. He flicked me off, I got in my car, flicked him off, he got out and came at the car, he yelled, I yelled, I had my mini baseball bat in hand, but reversed out.. then, when we tried to leave the parking lot, he blocked us and the whole intersection. I laid down the horn non stop for a full 60 seconds — basically making everyone take notice that he was an asshole. He left. I guess he lost face and couldn’t go to the flea market after that. I declare victory.
creative and lifestyle blog came to be. The blog explore trends in various “creative” fields as well as highlighting “creative people”, integrating the occasional “guest editor, giveaways and other fun filled things! Stop by anytime…
The short form for understanding Anglican theological method is: Scripture (primary), Tradition (the Patristic consensus, re" the fathers and mothers up to, and including, the last of the Ecumenical Councils), and Reason (the communities' reasoned reading of the consensus and its application to religious life). This is the Anglican approach.
Japanese Garden
Acting like you’ve this shit plus more (bullshit!)
BIG CHRIS: Oi! Next time you use language like that, boy, you’ll wish you hadn’t!
So I have been stressing like a maniac to finish everything needed, before we set of to Ch's mom cabin to celebrate her 50's birthday!
I don't want to lose touch entirely, so if you'd like, e-mail me once in a while, and I promise I'll reply. Or, you can find me on Facebook.
In one such case, a senior official in the Department of Communications — who also chaired the department’s tender committee — presided over the award of a R500000 tender to an information technology company in which his wife had an interest. He failed to declare the conflict of interest.
When I thought that I wouldn't know how
Anyway, I wanted to do crazy things like add mushrooms to it but I was scared to do that on the first go around. But since my husband now craves this daily I'll get to that real soon for sure : )
Anwaar: Yes, she was surely kidding, your highness.
from a coupon you found
Over the months I have seen some possibilities but just never fell in love. Then when a possible piece came about, I hesitated, and lost out. I just wanted a piece that was original and spoke to the retro theme that I have in my place.
The memo is crystal clear on that point. It says that the decision has been made based solely on the “risk profile presented to the President.” If any other risks – no matter how minute – arose, they were “to be brought back to the President for his consideration.” This is ludicrous. It is wiggle room. It was Obama’s way of carving out space for himself in case the mission went bad. If it did, he’d say that there were additional risks of which he hadn’t been informed; he’d been kept in the dark by his military leaders.
“Well I don’t want to wield a sword better! I don’t want to learn magic better!”
Father mine, for lesser matter
Day Three is today. It's a little better. But the dog decided that today will be the "Oh No, I can't walk on the kitchen floor" day. This happens from time to time. The day will be accompanied by whining and shrill barking. And me slamming my head into the wall chanting "Make it stop...Please make it stop"
i told you on monday that i was adding a lot to my shop.
- Oriental (when referring to a human being and not a rug)
"Almost every houth ith empty becauth people are at church!" When Lips needed cash for his habit, he would carry a bunch of fake circulars in his hand and go door to door. It was easy to check if anyone was home. He said that many religious people didn't even bother to lock their doors, so he would just go right on in and take cash and things that were small enough to hide under his jacket.
Students must not only be motivated to achieve the goal, but be able to make the goal measurable. The mnemonic “SMART” is often referred to in goal-setting. SMART stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic and Timely. In the article Set Specific Goals to Increase Success, the author suggests using the following formula in order to make goals measurable: “I will (goal + performance measure) by (specific actions).” If a student wanted to receive an A as their goal, he or she would fill in the blanks with something like this: I will receive an A in BUS101 by studying 2 hours a night Monday through Friday from 6-8 pm.” Students often will state the goal without remembering to include the steps required to reach that goal. By making the goal measurable, students can measure their progress toward attaining that goal. This creates a roadmap to achieving the goal.
We actually kind of play alot of Scrabble, and that paired with the documentary thing pretty much confirms the fact that we are indeed, nerds.
Sometimes a pen name is used because an author believes that his name does not suit the genre he is writing in. I find this reason very strange. What do names have to do with genres. A reader would pick a book depending on the blurb or review and not because he/she liked the sound of the author’s name.
I wholeheartedly recommend Absolute Basics and believe you will find as we did, that Absolute Basics is an outstanding resource for communicating the truth of God whether you are working with new believers or tried and true saints. You won’t be disappointed.
I have not felt like this since things were hot and heavy with John. And, dare I say, this is even more intense than the feelings I had for John and a lot quicker. He is constantly on my mind. I want to see him every minute. When we do see each other it takes every fiber of my being not to just kiss him. I wake up in the middle of the night thinking about him. I want to do everything with him. Oh jeez, I don’t even like seeing those things written out. I feel like a freakin schoolgirl! I feel out of control.
Pick a phrase and off you go!'
and then, and then,
Work has been literally kicking my butt. This new position is perfect for me because it is a job in which my passions and my talents align pretty perfectly. This means that I love what I do, and I am good at it, but I tend to work all. The. Time. Both because I enjoy it and because I want to get things accomplished. Friday we received feedback on one of the projects we were working on. Again, because those lines between life and work blur so easily for me, I found myself working late on Friday, several hours on Sunday, until 7:00 last night, and finally getting a break today and leaving by 3:00. It has been long, exhausting work, but when I remind myself how doing this work is both totally life fulfilling AND allows me to support my household and live comfortably, it all seems incredibly worth it.
I also saw sat down with an old friend for the first time in nearly ten years. We had a great deal to talk about. One of the things we talked about was the dismal state of affairs we are in when it comes to what the American people know about history and about books. For example, my friend mentioned that according to a survey, most young people did not know that the movie Titanic was based on a historical event! How could they know about the Titanic? It may not be favorite historical tragedy (and yes, I understand how creepy it is to have favorite historical tragedy), but it was huge! Also, I mentioned that Longfellow and Emerson were mentioned (not nicely) by Poe in The Raven. Actually, it was suppose to be funny. I was the only one that laughed. I’m sure the friend I went with knew who those illustrious men were and why it was funny, but there wasn’t peep from anyone else. This saddens me. Is this were we are headed? Where reality stars and football scores are more famous and more important then our tragedies and triumphs, our great men of letters? Really? I don’t think I want to be part of that world. Maybe I should just become hermit.
It would be perfect for the computer in the Steampunk Study.
Make no mistake: The stakes for financial and economic survival in Europe are high. Seemingly everyone — from investment bloggers to financial television hosts — has something to say about the European debt crisis.
I wish the American people would demand that tobacco products be made illegal, because the United States Congress is not going to do it on its own when there is so much money to be made by the corporations who fund the election campaigns of its legislators.
Dark time.
On our drive back up the Garden State Parkway after a night in Atlantic City, Miss Sexy Armpit and I were looking to stop in a store and get some flowers to bring home for Mother's Day.
Place the bread salad in a large pan and cover loosely with foil. Place in the oven to warm the for about 30-45 mins. If your turkey also needs warming, you can carve it and warm it in the oven for 15 mins.
Cosmopop, D'lilac and Airbourne Unicorn. D'lilac is slightly more pink in real life. These swatch nice and opaque and look pretty.
Just because cancer is all around, it doesn’t make it a subject that is talked about openly as, for the most part, I still think people struggle with what to say, they don’t want to accidentally offend. People walk on egg shells around cancer. One of the many reasons I loved this book is Green didn’t do that. He came out and spoke the horrible truths that come with a cancer diagnosis. He wrote about the fact that not every one “fights a noble fight”, quite often they are bitter towards their diagnosis, and why shouldn’t they be? Green shows that sometimes, it’s OK to be annoyed at the hand life dealt you. That it’s OK to be angry at the unfairness of your situation. That it’s OK to be upset that you never get to grow old.
Before long, by fulfilling my dream of becoming a wife and mother, I had been given an avenue to reach my goal of becoming a published author.
The horrible truth is, the good guys are not winning in space. Oh there are battles up there, but it is a stalemate. Yes, the white hats have been able to destroy some reptilian bases on earth, with the help of the Andromeda Council, but the space battle is not faring so well. The “bad guys” have better tech and the true benevolent beings are more watching than acting…we don’t even know if they will help us if we start losing. We could make great use of their superior technology and weapons but they are limited in what they can do, unless nukes come into play and the earth could be greatly damaged, which would have galactic repercussions.
We live in a small fishing village and every year we have a "Blessing of the Fleet" festival. When we had had them about a year, the kids school (I know, they went to school back in the day) had a "Blessing of the Pets" day and Father gave our guinea pigs the shower of a higher spirit.
I have started working. It is not in my field – in fact, it is back serving and slinging beers behind a bar, something I thought I was long done with. But it is a step forward in my life. I always enjoyed bartending – I did it for years paying my way through school – and it’s not that bad being back at it, knowing that it is temporarily. I work with some pretty cool people and it gets me out of my house, socializing, talking to people – I don’t have time to sit around and be sad anymore. And I’m making money – replenishing my diminished finances from six months of being unemployed. I’m starting to build my “new life” fund.
Knowing that many people from around the world get information and enjoy the photos and friends and family are kept informed about our travels makes the effort worthwhile. The ultimate praise that I got from one friend was that viewing the blog was almost like being there with us on the adventure. Enough said.
the glare, sharp flash of light
Our family first started unschooling…..We started homeschooling in September 2006. The Lord took us on a journey for the next few years as we tried to find our place in this new endeavor. Summer 2010 is when I think we really started identifying with the unschooling way of life. I'm so glad that we did. Our children have grown so much. I have grown even more, I think. :)
Cop: What seems to be the problem with you?
27 October
The meat, I used some himalayan salt, ground and powdered pepper, curry leaves and 21 ingredient spices to marinate them for 30 min and used some peanut oil given by a friend to deep fried them, making myself some homemade friend chicken.
Still the coolest part of my job is getting to interview all the visiting authors who come as part of the American Book Review Reading Series. This week, I talked with Rolando Hinojosa-Smith, the "dean" of Mexican-American letters in Texas. Along with Don Graham, he teaches the Life & Literature of the Southwest classes at the University of Texas, which were begun by the legendary J. Frank Dobie. Hinojosa writes in English and Spanish, has penned over 20 books, and travels extensively being a Texas ambassador for the writing arts.
The Charlie Banana Tote Bag (wet bag) and wipes were the first two products I used. The wet bag is simple, but the black color and Charlie Banana logo give it a sophisticated feel. I was able to fit 4 large and medium diapers and 4 or more wipes in the bag with a little room to spare. What I love about it is that it can be used long after your little one is done with cloth diapers because it's also great for holding swimsuits, gym clothes, shoes, and more.
“It’s always a pleasure to meet new colleagues so far from home.” Agent Ling was all charm, although perhaps a little amused at DCI Adamson’s all-female posse. Agent Bronyaur was still skulking in the background, a little intimidated by his European cousins and their lurid underwear.
So, after getting up and having coffee, I sat down at my computer and did it again. Yup, the first draft of Possession is now done, in the books, archived, backed up and set for editing. Not that I’m going to dive into that today, or even tomorrow. I’m going to try to leave this for a week, maybe two, depending on what I have to do that might keep me occupied and how long my supply of LifeintheFarceLane’s patience as well as my own self-control hold out. I don’t think I’ll make it that far, from past experience, but I’m going to try.
unlike the garden that grows
Angelo, this lesson is perfect for me and others that have surrendered to a sedentary lifestyle. I appreciate that you’ve incorporated easy to use technology and limited exercise equipment. This lesson really allows you to get your mind in the right place which is an important element. I am getting used to the food tracker and looking forward to the new me. Have you considered a group workout session via webcam or offering personal coaching? All I can say is 4 lbs down and I am looking forward to a better me.
I guess this also leads me to think about loving your baby – when that shift happens. But that’s probably a completely different post.
The goal is to keep them under 3-4 hours, small, and simple.
Thankfully he is not sitting in a hospital bed, or worse. I'd rather not think
I have tried going in the week but finding the perfect slot takes precision planning. Both kids should be not too tired, nor too hungry. And it also means shopping alongside the geriatric crew, arriving on their VIP bus, all armed with their 'kids should be seen but not heard' glare. Seesh.
Dying the city’s fountains green is one of the traditions unique to the city. Seeing the green fountains, as spring starts creeping up on the Georgia city is one of the most enjoyable sights you can witness.
Let me feel the Holy Spirit,
“Oh, come on, Anton. What would happen if I try to search for you online?”
Things to Consider Before Installing a Crystal Chandelier
That evening as the team is busy running more tests House leaves the hospital and goes to 13′s apartment. Hadley lets him in and House unpacks his medical bag and tells 13 to change into something she feels comfortable in. House than hooks 13 up to a morphine drip and turns his phone off so he and 13 will not be interrupted.
My thoughts are racing
What is your true gift from God?
My focus was to overhaul the other three. Not only did I want to bring the spaces up to date, but I wanted to try to find ways to add luxury in the form of comfort, which for this project translated to brightly lit and better organized spaces. The only way to do this, given their small footprints and budget considerations, was to select materials that would give the illusion of more space. In order to accomplish this, I would rely on pocket doors, good lighting, floor tile set on the 45, vanities that had feet, sliding glass shower doors and plenty of bright white field tile!
The Tachotype makes use of the fact that most syllables start with a consonant, followed by a vowel and end with another consonant. On the left side of the keyboard are the most used consonants, in the middle are the vowels and on the right side another set of consonants. You can type several letters at once, after which the line will go one space down, and a new syllable can be typed. Because Den Outer didn't want to make his keyboard too complicated, he left out some letters, like the "d". In order to type a "d", you have to type "tj". For an example, see Martin (1949), p. 422. The advantage of the Tachotype above other stenotypers is that you actually type real text, and not some kind of code.
Poser my ass… I got class.
I made a simpler version of one of these notebooks a few months ago but these needed to be a bit special. I must add that I recieved 2 wonderful handmade gifts in return and feel this will become a Christmas tradition.
There are some deeply sensuous camera movements in both the romance as well as the songs.
Human Soap?
I'm not sure...
Valz
I wish I could call her to tell her how much I love her. Just to cuddle her again. To see her smile….*sigh*
2 boon
Just about a half century ago, 1962, the Russians did the same thing in Cuba, and the Cuban Missile Crisis ensued. President Jack Kennedy, for perhaps the only time, showed he had some balls and stood up to Khrushchev, enforcing a naval blockade of the island. The period is remembered by locals who lived through it here on the Space Coast; there are stories of highway A1A being closed by military transports, and massive movements of troops. Me? I was a snot-nosed grade school kid in Miami. I knew something important was going on, but didn't grasp the "adult situation".
So, yesterday, I put on some disposable gloves, got a little plastic tray and followed Eric outside.
From that moment on, I was hooked, or more correctly, obsessed with this hobby, which has blossomed into a true love for craft beer and all things home brew. Now one year and twenty-odd brews later, Muckney Brewing is still going strong.
"This will be the smallest part of our loss," he added.
PS: What's the norm in gay relationships, I wonder? Shaving or not shaving? I've no idea.
I don’t know exactly what a prayer is.
Monday, June 18th–I went to Barnes and Noble and watched “Paris Je T’aime.”
We packed a picnic lunch and drove out onto the beach facing the waves. We listened to a podcast of a sermon by Art Azurdia who is the pastor at Trinity Church in Portland.
3. The Assassins/The Pidgeon/Hit (00:45)
Stomping whites to death with one’s sneakers is one of the most popular forms of black racist murder. The apologists for such attacks laugh about them.
Alexei Ramirez 2010 Topps Peak Perfromance Relic Black on White
that's good for you isn't always good for me.
3. My glasses broke, and I Gorilla Glued them back together
Resisting the temptation to be too fearful to speak, I offered, with as much compassion as I could express to her, that though these experiences are painful, the issue is not one of temporary personal happiness, but one of righteousness before God. I asked her about the whole sacrificial system in the Tanakh: what was the purpose of it? What was God showing the people? Did it not have some very important meaning that God was communicating- over and over again? I brought up how it is almost Yom Kippur. We talked about that for a while; how the Bible teaches that sin makes us unrighteous before the holy God, how the sacrifice and the blood of the innocent lamb showed need for covering for sin. We talked about how it was presented by the High Priest to God at the Mercy Seat in the Holy of Holies. She pondered these things.
It’s easier for SEC schools like South Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, Vanderbilt, Alabama and Auburn to target Georgia kids because — face it — they can’t all stay in state. That’s the reason Missouri is now aiming at Georgia and Atlanta, too.
May Eastside Science Café – "The Future of Space Exploration"
I had been going to the cottage every weekend throughout all of this, it somehow restored me and made me sane enough to deal with the next week, but I decided to stay home the last weekend of September as I was just too drained to get ready and make the long drive north.
Also, I had quite a bit of "help" this evening from Alley Cat, the next-door neighbor fur-friend who seems to be visiting us a lot more frequently lately. I don't mind the visitation, but clearly... Alley needs to learn some scrap manners!
3. Stop skipping my morning workouts. My gym buddy and I got a little off track due to crazy lives and schedules. The goal is to go all 5 mornings. I had done this for over a year so it’s doable, just need to get back in the routine! I have been going at night more, but it’s not as easy to do and gets in the way of my yoga goal! Domino effect-boooo!!
Executive decision-this is no longer part of my Crazy January Challenge and I am officially down to the original goal of 15 projects. (What a weenie, huh?!)
- My family all going to dinner together
Hat: DERP – Bucket Hat
mad with
Here is the list of our designers. FEEL FREE TO DROP BY each and everyone of them to UP Your Chance in getting a prize :)!
They will have a grill with great German food for purchase in addition to beer specials. The beer garden will be seasonal. The full schedule of dates will be announced soon
I told rainbows dad last night
and leads me to quiet pools of fresh water.
Comic Strips
3 cups chopped onion
But no...apparently natural stone tile should be sealed?
Turns out, it was LONG AND BORING.
There is definitely a lot of strong colors in this room, but perfect for a fun-loving little girl. I also mixed several different patterns, but kept them all in the main palette of aqua, radish and yellow for cohesiveness. The black accents ground the room and lend some sophistication.
“We need to undo the screw to get the back of the iron off and sort out the coil behind the aluminium plate,” I say, having just discovered this on some obscure website.
After that I learned to lean upon him and recognise the sign of his approach... As an instance, many years later I wrote about a mediaeval artist, a monastery, and the premature discovery of the microscope. Again and again it went dead under my hand, and for the life of me I could not see why. I put it away and waited. Then said my Daemon—and I was meditating something else at the time—‘Treat it as an illuminated manuscript.’ I had ridden off on hard black-and-white decoration, instead of pumicing the whole thing ivory-smooth, and loading it with thick colour and gilt....
This morning we ( me, jon, emma and chandler) went to Mc Donald's for breakfast this morning.
HALL GH. Influenza vaccination: policy versus evidence. Vested interests will always trump evidence. Br Med J 2006; 333: 1021.
accomplish) over the mention of dividing Jerusalem.
Go On Holiday With Your Best Friend
The Space & Rocket Center is also home to the U.S. Space Camp, where you can send your kids if you want to get rid of them for like two weeks, or you know, if they're interested in becoming an astronaut. Because apparently, a lot of kids are. I, personally, was not.
I also kept a third inside one of the pockets. Multiple bandanas are always key.
The Mexican army said on Dec. 4 that it had seized a total of at least 167 antennas, 155 repeaters, 166 power sources, 71 pieces of computer equipment and 1,446 radios. The equipment has been taken down in several cities in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz and the northern states of Nuevo Leon, Coahuila, San Luis Potosi and Tamaulipas.
In my wife's heart's affection.
Ultimately, I didn't get what I came for — the panel I attended didn't really touch on what I hoped it would — but I did come away with some great stuff: A couple of free samples in the trade show (Ommegang Hennepin, a very nice Belgian farmhouse saison, and Rahr & Sons Stormcloud IPA, which was impressively hoppy), and a cool swag bag that included a tall beer glass, a DVD of the documentary The American Brew (a history of brewing in the U.S. that recently aired on PBS), and two bottles of beer created by a collection of Austin brewers. They're both double wheats, but one (which I'm drinking now) has prickly pear juice in it. I expected it to be awful, but it's actually all right, despite the girly pink color. (M'Lady strongly disagreed and made the same yuck face that she gets whenever I convince her to try whiskey.) Not something I'd drink every day, but tasty.
I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this adorable FREE service, but you can have Santa Claus send a personalized message to your little one HERE. Anna’s video turned out so cute – I can’t wait for her to watch it. I think she’s going to freak out because I was able to personalize it just for her. I may play it all year so she’ll continue being a good girl. This Santa thing really does work.
4. Girl — This might be the most underrated song in the Beatles’ catalog. How cool are John’s teethy inhales?
So get ready for Easter, people. The curtain gets ripped tomorrow. The body of Jesus gets buried and the spirit of Jesus enters the place of eternal damnation on Saturday. And then Sunday–oh glory!–we get to celebrate the living-breathing-walking-talking-eating-drinking-teaching-healing-actual-physical-human/divine-Jesus for defeating death, ending forever the need for blood sacrifice, forgiving sin, and making possible the presence of God in the world and in the body of every believer everywhere until the kingdom of God returns to us again one day soon.
higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide)
Heat oven to 350. Beat the butter and sugars together, using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed, until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to medium and beat in the eggs and vanilla. Reduce speed to low and mix in the flour, oats, salt, and baking soda. Gently stir in the potato chips and chocolate chips.
Just wanted to let you know that there is another great opportunity for you to help raise money for the playground! If you love Scentsy (and who doesn't!), July is the time to buy. And Julie is the gal to buy it from! Scentsy consultant, Julie Dillman, is donating the profit of her sales for the month of July to our cause. How cool is that!
In the name of honesty, which I have tried to honor in my blog – for good and bad, I think I have been angry with God. Not a red-glowing furious kind, but a quiet almost resentful anger. An anger that was born out of hurt and pain. Once again, God gave me a song that describes just how I’ve felt towards him. The song is called Jar of Hearts:
What is the first thing you notice when you go to any restaurant?
I would like to remind you that ; if you want to have any more item/items , you can benefit from "One flat rate shipping" with DHL Express in my Etsy shop...
And so it came to pass that the New was born. Then the work experience kid shook his head and sighed. “Why didn’t you just call it Toohey’s Lager?” Knobs.
To the page, people!
Robert Louis Stevenson
And cooler... ah....
I may be a little bit insane, but being in the middle of a GIANT (for me; it's twin-size) quilt makes me want to start in on smaller projects. And I have smaller projects in the works, but I simply couldn't resist signing up for Elizabeth D.'s Sliced Coins Quilt-Along, especially when I saw she's posting instructions for a baby-sized quilt. That's not that big! I can handle that, right? *g*
“I hope the rest of your summer is filled with sunshine and warm breezes.”
8. Wine, Women And Loud Happy Songs
His mother and father are dreaming: he can see their dreams. Just over his father's head it's round and yellow and warm, like firelight, and his father, looking very small, is running back and forth with David on his back, only David is as big as ever. His father is panting. His mother is dreaming she is making pancakes: she pours them out, and turns them over, and piles them in a pile on a plate. Her dream is round and yellow too, but it has got mixed up with the pillow, so that the feathers the pillow is stuffed with float through her dream like snowflakes.
Which brings me back to anniversaries. There’s a chance now that the book will be read again, and hopefully be relevant, and remind someone of those dead British soldiers, and Argentine conscripts, and all the drowned sailors in the Belgrano that was torpedoed outside the combat zone, sailing away, and all the crippled heroes, too. No
“That particular branch of the family tree died with Mr. Baines, who would have been…let’s see…your third cousin once removed.”
more outdoor art. She saw its pedestrian bridge built like a curved canoe. However, she disagrees with the artist: it looked more closer to a kayak. There was enough cyclists whirling around in this area, even though she was vacationing on a weekday afternoon.
Line 2 of the original now seems misjudged-viz:
after i’m back i’m gonna write about it so no worries ^^
Next to me, tied up and exposed much in the same way, is the young man whose hood and blindfold have been removed. His muscular body looks kind of familiar. I take a better look at him and recognizing him immediately I cry astounded:
The court's response appears to be a direct challenge to President Barack Obama's attack yesterday on the Supreme Court and the power of judicial review, which federal courts have exercised for over 200 years.
Ryan: well we enacted McCain-Feingold so
The hook-up culture is bad news for guys like me who are chaste. Hooking-up over and over again is lousy preparation for courtship, marriage and parenting. It ruins a woman’s ability to be romantic, trusting and vulnerable. What I find upsetting is the way that many women today select men who want nothing to do with Christianity, marriage and parenting.
“Truth be stranger than fiction,” he’d say before he started. The words “I ever tell you about…” always got us in a huddle.
Or is it!? What you're missing here is an opportunity to show off your lolita clothing all pressed and preened WITHOUT IT SEEMING UNATURAL. All us others have to hide them in stuffy closets. Move 'personality' pieces to the front so they become a 'decoration' of the room. If you have a wire frame tie ribbon around it OR wrap wire flowers around it to add colour and flair and some femininity. If you use shoe boxes invest in coloured or printed ones. You can also try adding curtains to cover your items, although this defeats the 'lolita is a decoration' idea, if your curtains are pretty and frilly enough maybe they're a better, and also more 'burando protective' device.
Needless to say, I chose the KSH, but added that if it was no longer available–after all, there were two other winners who were also choosing–my second choice was the light pink Filatura Di Crosa Kid Mohair. When my package arrived, I was a little disappointed that it didn’t contain the KSH. But it did contain three balls of very soft, light pink, fuzzy mohair. I had no idea what I would do with the mohair, but one of the beauties of nice yarn is that it doesn’t go bad, as long as you store it properly. I knew that the knitting goddesses would inspire me when the time was right, so I happily added the Kid Mohair to my yarn stash.
Thank you all for reading this blog, and the two afore-mentioned, this year. It is always nice to read your comments and to have your comradeship on this grand adventure. If you have any movie recommendations for the holidays, or know of a great literary quiz, let me know.
I hope everyone has a great holiday!
From today's paper (in a column that answers random questions):
And that is how I came to ride the Indoor Roller at the Mall of America. But think if one thing in that story had been different. Had Chris not chosen to go to St. Olaf, had he not asked me to dinner, had I not gotten up the guts to talk to him at the last show, had the girl originally playing Florinda not flaked out, or had I walked out of the school only 1 minute prior to hearing the announcement, I would have never ridden the Indoor Rollercoaster. And, obviously, I wouldn’t have met Chris and yadiyadiyadi. Of course, Chris and I have since parted ways, and I have no immediate plans to return to the mid-west, but I’m glad I had the opportunities! Life is funny sometimes– the way it lines everything up perfectly. It’s a bit magical; don’t you think?
Five years ago feels like five years ago
Shaping and Baking the Moon Cakes
“It was very, very tight,” Snow told the San Francisco Chronicle in 2008. “Occasionally I put an album out, but I didn’t like to tour and they didn’t get a lot of label support. But you know what? It didn’t really matter because I got to stay home more with Valerie and that time was precious.”
"The Devil of Dreams is Black"
While Alex spent time with his cousins on the Reservation every summer, he was viewed as a "City" kid by them. Alex had very different life than his cousins on the Rez. Alex's Dad, Fred, was a self proclaimed "Red Apple". He said he was "red on the outside, but white on the inside". Fred spent time in the Marines and I think he was actually "red, white and blue" on the inside. Fred really wanted his children to assimilate into the population at large and not get into a mentality that was prevalent in Arizona where Native Americans were considered to be second class citizens. (Has that changed? I doubt it.)
79. On my naming day when I come 12 I gone front spear and kilt a wyld boar he parbly ben the las wyld pig on the Bundel Downs any how there hadnt ben none for a long time befor him nor I aint looking to see none agen. —Russell Hoban, Riddley Walker (1980)
Beware.
Mondays at 12 AM EST
So Pottermore. I went on the site’s blog and saw this glorious message Monday night:
And together with these fabulous treats, we have received two Halloween cards and a letter from our friends back home. Thank Lisa, Kelly and family and Glendie! It’s been really fun.
Immediately I knew where I had to go: The Talbot building. I started running across campus as people said ‘hi’ to me and asked where I was going. I didn’t stop to acknowledge anyone, I had to keep going. I realized no one was in front of me. I was getting tired (I’m not a runner) and thought of slowing down by Sutherland. Fortunately I looked back and saw five people on my tail. I kept going, huffing and puffing the whole way. By the time I got to the stairs of Talbot they were on me. Fortunately the stairs are really narrow, so I blocked the way. Hey, I needed to catch my breath, and I wan’t about to lose because some people can run more than me.
This week we learned more about Lewis and Clark, the Industrial Revolution and Napoleon.
For you familiar with New York, treacherous rains in this city essentially mean the kiss of death for an event, no cabs to be found, traffic in full gridlock. Then Jeffrey arrived followed by a relative handful of some 40 hardcore New Yorkers who would not permit the elements to hinder their objective of meeting and listening to Jeffrey Bilhuber' talk about his latest book: The Way Home: Reflections on American Beauty.
We are yin and yang.
Bit of a back story: my mom, my sister and me are supposedly going to–
1/3 cup (80 mL) cocoa powder, sifted
Morning All! I hope you had a great weekend!
Back in the day, one of my favorite songs was by Three Dog Night.
As for my To Do List . . . I like many of you took many things home to work on over the break. I just have been so busy doing other things like, sleeping in, spending time with my dog during the day and hubby at night, and watching chick flicks that my teacher bag (honestly I rolled home my teacher cart) has yet to be unpacked. So I suppose I should go ahead and get started . . . maybe after one more movie : ) For everyone else that is enjoying the time off and "slacking" don't feel guilty we are entitled to a vacation! Enjoy the break it will be over before we know it.
Emerson: What’s that in your hand Mama?
"Fcuk with my peeps I'll fcuk you up man."
As promised before leaving here are some other pictures of the minis that were with me, the ones that I did not sell at the fair are now in my Etsy shop waiting for Santa that will bring them to their new owners!!
-The director really seems to enjoy scenes of slowly driving and parking? This may signal his awareness of the quality of his acting talent. (0:00-0:17)
Just as right-wingnuts were (and are) sure that Roosevelt planned and ensured more than 2,000 American deaths to get the US into World War II, the left-wingnuts are equally sure that Bush, Jr. did nothing to stop the 9/11 attacks to get the US into the disasterous War on Terror.
The glass candle plate and a hurricane will be glued together to make a pedestal. The little flocked tree will go with my tree collection and the red bandanna will be used in Wyatt's cowboy room somehow.
Jason’s and Jenni’s band rehearsed without the singers or the drummer but we managed to go through the tunes with Garry who missed the past few rehearsals. Garry was very well prepared as always which meant we only had to play each of the tunes twice.
Clean the room and replace that patient with the next person languishing out in the lobby for hours with something like foot pain for a week, med refill, chronic abdominal pain (every 3rd or 4th person is chronic abdominal pain), STD check, or, my favorite...
Plain flour: 3 cup
I am not getting too excited about my bin getting emptied on collection day. Maybe I will never get it emptied again.
Novels appeared under a variety of house names, including Earl Ellison, Rex Marlowe, Brett Diamond and Rick Madison, names shared with other authors. Watt penned both titles in Spencer's Private Eye series before embarking on two new ventures for them: the foreign legion was proving a popular subject and most of the paperback publishers leapt in with knock-offs of P. C. Wren. But whilst Watt's foreign legion yarns were fairly standard, he did pen an exciting series of four novels set in the North-West Frontier under the name John Russell featuring a lone outlaw, the Falcon, known as the scourge of the Afghan Hills.
1 dead
Patterned paper: DCWV The Playtime Stack
Should be served the day they are made.
Now, seeing that you agree that ownership can be settled (acquired) through the barrel of a gun (or the tip of a spear), as is the case with white America (and Australia) and black South Africa, why then the moral outcry about Apartheid South Africa? Why is the Law of Conquest allowed for the former but not the latter? In other words, why are white Americans and black South Africans regarded as the rightful owners of 'their' respective countries - even though they had 'stolen' the land by nearly wiping out all the original inhabitants - but white South Africans are seen as illegal 'evil' aliens with absolutely no claim to any ownership whatsoever….even though they had settled vast areas before the blacks did?
until the next time,
The Swedish entrant for this year’s Eurovision Song Contest has recently performed live on an UNICEF charity event aired by SVT.
As for our readers, I just wanted to say thanks for sticking with us through another year. We hope you had a wonderful holiday as well and that you are looking forward to your own joys and successes to come At Work, At Play and At Home in 2010.
After Lyra vanishes into obscurity, the fire that gleams
I want to suggest that you attempt to rid as many processed and packaged foods from your diet as possible, and replace them with a diet replete with natural foods. By natural foods, I mean food that humans evolved to benefit from: fruits, vegetables, some whole grains and meat from animals that are fed grass (not grains and antibiotics). To eat this way requires making a commitment to shop smart and to cook smart. These are both challenging and exciting activities that might help you organize an emotionally satisfying life beyond the grasp of your sugar addiction.
Designing toys meant specifically to be placed and played with in public is something I continue to think about and work on.
Math is good.
And what's better on the side than home fries? My Spanish-Style Potatoes are so delicious; they are my favorite part of the meal. Red potatoes cooked in Spanish spices with onions until they are crisp and golden.
but has gotten so far. These feet,
Plenty of 20s and 30s but nobody really going on with it. However the wickets were slow and runs hard to come by. The top 3 were particuarly disappointing as they were batting against a harder ball and generally had the best of the batting conditions.
1 competing
“Oh Keith,” she gushed, “so good of you to come!”
THE DEVIL’S ROCK does have a World War Two background, but at the end of the day it's just a bit of fun - an occult horror romp, which happens to be set in a tumultuous period that is now very much part of our shared but distant history.
A report in the Times of London shows that Wikileaks may have exposed Majid Fashi, a 24-year old Iranian 'Mossad agent' who was executed earlier this week for his alleged role in the assassination of an Iranian nuclear scientist (Hat Tip: Memeorandum). The Times of London reported Wednesday that a document from the US Embassy in Baku, Azerbaijan, seemingly drew attention to Fashi. The September 2009 US diplomatic document — identified by the code 09BAKU687 — quotes an Iranian source who was a licensed martial arts coach and trainer as describing to his American contacts pressure from the Iranian regime to train soldiers and militiamen in martial arts.
How those summer days still
A man in the United States popped out to his local petrol station to buy a pack of cigarettes - only to find out his card was charged more then $23 quadrillion (£14 quadrillion) - many times the US national debt.
I was there for over an hour and those legs would not budge.
And since she is still small enough to fit in my bathroom sink, I gave her a wash last night with my coconut shampoo. Then she slept on JG’s neck. And the two harmonized their snoring. It was precious. (sorta)
The magazine has also helpfully included a link to its February report 'Untangling Rebekah Brooks'. The words salt and wound come to mind. Perhaps less endearing is the magazine's patronising invitation to watch a video of Brooks' display of selective amnesia and photographic recall - it's 'all quite entertainingly British.' Doncha know.
Apr 10
Shelters spring's tidy green growth
I am deeply ashamed to admit that in spite of having studied in Pune for 7 years, I did not even know about the existence of these Caves. Three of these 7 years were spent in Fergusson College, which is just a little over a kilometre from the Caves ! But a visit to these Caves has made me determined that I will explore lesser known places and share them with you, dear reader, here on this very blog.
executed in Part IV. The Man with Three Staves (an authentic member of
Sometimes the sister says, “What Daddy has done to us is sexually abusive,” and we love her for all times, validated or not, for she struggles with her own level of acceptance. We understand. We were “confused” too.
My questions for Charlene discuss inner awareness, enlightenment and “the dark night of the soul.” She shares some wonderful responses and insights. Enjoy!
As details unfolded in the week that followed, the public learned that we had narrowly avoided a so-called “China Syndrome,” in which the core of the reactor would melt deep into the earth. Groundwater could’ve been contaminated and the air could’ve been filled with poisonous gases. Pennsylvania could’ve become even more inhabitable than it already was. Fear gripped the nation as more and more details were released and we imagined what might have been.
Boys start laughing. Like Beavis and Butthead laughing.
challenge in creating this set. He told us this. "Turning the most realistic 3D animation into the simplest vector graphic. Like mentioned at the beginning of the artwork set, everybody loves Pixar, which means you wouldn't want to do anything to let them down. Because it has really broad demographics, in terms of age bracket and cultural background, it was very challenging to come up with something that pleases such a wide audience whilst satisfying myself as an artist and as a fan of Pixar, too."
"Are you alright?"
Host(s), performers and presenters, as well as the first round of nominees for whom teens can vote, will be announced soon.
Born in the US and reared in a series of provincial households in Mexico, Harrison Shepherd is mostly a liability to his social-climbing mother, Salomé; his fortunes remaining insecure as Salomé finds her rich men-friends always on the losing side of the Mexican Revolution.
Just a few other comments re the week:
The goals of these"Peaceful Patriots"and their"New World Order", knee-jerking their way to anarchy, is underlined in red by their blatant disrespect for our American Flag.
I miss it, quite a lot. But you don’t have to live there, in order to have that attitude and outlook!
I would like to introduce you to Rachel, the pretty blonde working the retro curls ala Kelly Preston. Then on my other side is Laura who brought back her middle school perm and sky high bangs with the lace hair bow. I chose to rock the side pony with neon and lace tights.
Our lives it self too. So don’t feel down because you are having problems and hardship at this moment. It will pass.
And over Li Chiang, the snow range is turquoise Rock’s world that he saved us for memory a thin trace in high air
For making dough
OK, some of that is I think because the Garmin gets a little wonky downtown, with the buildings and all, but some of that is genuine variation between sprinting and walking. (I think the four highest peaks represent shoe-tying breaks!)
3. I often go too far out of my way to help others. I don't think it's a bad thing though.
? (Sorry Has 2 Track Numbers)
Martha Marcy May Marlene - "Marcy's Song" (scene unavailable; enjoy Hawkes singing!)
He pointed to Seventy-one, the reservations he had about the situation coming through clearly in his voice.
For those of you who are veteran seed starters, what is the #1 piece of equipment you wouldn't want to be without?
that’s coming closer in tonight.”
Ok, let’s get this straight. Is it yams or is it sweet potatoes? Many people seem to use these terms interchangeably but they are really two different vegetables. And neither of them are potatoes, they are tubers!
I just really miss my husband. And it’s hard right now. But I’m grateful that it’s that hard. I’m grateful that we have the “absence makes the heart grow fonder” kind of love, not the “out of sight, out of mind” kind of love. I’m thankful that I’m married to my best friend. I’m thankful that I just can’t seem to get enough of my husband. And I hope that a year from now, when I’m starting to get used to him being back I remember just how much I missed him today and I appreciate him all the more for it.
Clark had suffered a stroke in 2004, which forced him to significantly curtail his hosting of "New Years' Rockin' Eve," a show he created in 1972.
So we've spent the passed few days eating, taking a nap, eating again and drinking some coffee before eating again ... Always love Christmas and am equally happy to see it wave farewell till next year.
I had flowers and buttons on the top.
12:00 to 2 pm: Girls only - lead female coach needed
The woman was arrested a year ago after giving a speech in Bangkok in which she attacked the monarchy.
of suits
Question: “Who am I?”
to know peace
And as a brief means of defending my dignity, I did get a lot of auteurs right. We are going to be watching plenty of Cassavetes, a Spike Lee, a Steven Soderbergh, some Gus Van Sant.
* 1 Package of Jump Rings
I chose the Antioxidant Moisturizer because I’m really not at the age where I have defined lines to fix, despite the Age-Erasing Moisturizing being the more expensive one. I suppose I could have given it to my mother, though. Either way, I’m glad that the Earth Day event moisturizers were packaged in tubes as opposed to the regular jars – much more sanitary and travel-friendly!
All of this labor leads to one of the moments my son loves the most: boarding the school bus, heading to school, his one independent act of the day. Not much compares to the joy Robert experiences daily as he separates from me and my husband to ride the bus "on his own" to school.
May is a crucial month for all of us. Probably the most important month we have ever entered in our entire life’s journey. The magnetic field of life is super powered. How we choose to live must be a balanced blend of our feminine and masculine sides. One with out the other…. well, lets not go there!
Let’s be clear. Your guy friends (those who aren’t alpha males) dig you. They know you, the good and the bad. They think you’re awesome.
Timestamp: 2010-09-19 21:33:32 UTC
Long ranty post alert – apologies in advance, but this all needs saying…
Ug! Can you believe that after all that hype that the Houston Targets sold out of the entire line of Missoni goods within the first hour of the store being open?
The first night he threw a fit but nothing more than normal as of late and fell asleep pretty quickly. Callie on the other hand could not but since it was a vacation day she got up and helped me decorate Chase's birthday cake for the party the next day and then went to bed no problem. Chase then woke up early on in the night screaming - I think he didn't know where he was - turned on the light in Callie's room - and thru a major fit not wanting to go back to bed anywhere. I admit I was tired and didn't do what I should have done but ended up getting him to sleep in Max's spot for the rest of the night.
I offer what has surprised me in my pain: that life is not fair, but unending in its capacity to change us; that compassion is fair and feeling is just: and that we are not responsible for all that befalls us, only for how we receive it and for how we hold each other up along the way.
One fun family project to do is to grow a small herb garden in the house. Most people think you must eat fruits and veggies to get all your nutrients in for the day, but a hidden food that has A TON of nutrients are herbs! Spices are also a product that should be bought organic since you eat the leaves that are sprayed with chemicals. One way to save money is to keep one of these cute plants in the kitchen!
Black-gram dal – ½ teaspoon
'To Repel Ghosts' ('Fantasmi da scacciare'): Jean-Michel Basquiat in Rome
· 1/2 cup grated cheddar cheese
My Mom was born in 1919 and died in 2004. Despite the fact that she was 85, I was shocked when she passed away. I guess we tend to think our parents will always be on the planet with us. It doesn't occur to us that the day will come when they'll be gone. When my Mom died I brought some of her things back with me from Florida and over the weeks that followed, I painted her things every night in my basement studio. My Mom never had much and always wore cheap-o moccasins. I think she really liked those shoes and might have worn them even if she had other choices. Here is a painting of her shoes that I brought home with me and painted in July of 2004...likely with tears in my eyes. Happy Mothers Day in Heaven, Mom.
We have to broaden our horizons people. I know our hearts and minds were captivated by “Tebow Mania” in 2011. Tebow is a great competitor but there is a big world out there folks. It’s not you Tebow, it’s us. Well, okay it is you, or to put it honestly, the media hype machine. Quite frankly it’s time to start seeing new people.
Its value now? You cannot know.
I knew there were some psychos in this world, but I never could've imagined that it was this bad with the people nowadays. I'm seriously shocked after watching this. Especially since I'm a family person. I can't imagine this happening to one of my baby cousins.
The "Love You" sentiment is from the same stamp set and is stamped in Wisteria Wonder ink. See the Whisper White panel and that cool edge and matching embossed design? That is another of the new Framelits designs...except that are called "Edgelits". SO fun!
May his memory be for a blessing for his family and for all of Am Yisrael.
As it stands, most of BlackBerry 10 is still shrouded in mystery. Not even the Dev Alpha devices that will be made available to developers offer a glimpse of RIM’s new software — they’re running a modified version of the PlayBook OS instead.
It's funny how I completely loose motivation for tasks that I've come to perceive as responsibility. I stopped showering and brushing my teeth for the same reason (when I was 7; I got over it). And this little bout of summer laziness will end too.
Continuity is the best way forward in football and if City do miss out on the title at least they had a good crack at winning it, so Mancini should be given another season to succeed. A lot of money has been invested into building a squad in his image so it would be a waste to bring a new manager to the club that may reshape the team. There is only so long that he can last though and surely the owners will lean a lot harder on Mancini to win the league and perform better in Europe next season.
While still only just over halfway complete I really feel like it's just stitching up so much faster. I think I've really improved my over one skills in the years since I started and am just more proficient at it than before.
And we are reminded that New Zealand was on track to join them in 2009, under a transtasman regime.
Yeses ranged from “hunh, that looks neat. It’s cleanly written, so let’s see if the rest of it’s as good,” to “OMG HOW CAN IT BE LEGAL FOR HER TO JUST POST THE ONE PAGE!!!!!I WANT THIS BOOK!!!” So, um yeah, you can tell that there was everything from ambivalent optimism to salivating.
Master Oats (5th), Glemot (Unseated 7th); 2000 Druid’s Brook (UR12th); 2001 Supreme Charm (UR15th); 2002
6. Bake for 6-9 minutes, or until cookies are set on the edges. Carefully remove from baking sheet using a wide spatula and cool on wire racks.
We hardly ever rely on research and keep believing in whatever information is passed through the grapevine to us. I think many of the skin and hair issues come in this category, because I myself have been doing that for a very long time. For example if someone suggested a particular hair oil saying it really helped in hair growth, I went on and tried it, not thinking for a second that I should check what it really is for and whether it suits my hair. Sadly these remedies never work, so I have changed now, I prefer researching regarding any home remedy I hear of, before actually applying it. And I recommend you do that too.
That was our last full day in the field and we got 5 holes described that day. One of them, I even dug myself. I don't really expect to get that many next week. I made a goal of six for the whole week, since I'll have to do everything myself, and things will go a lot slower. But if I can get those done, that will be the end of that quad, and I'll only have one more to go before I'm done with field work! Hooray!
DJ Sumbody: She really is a good singer, I’m planning on working with her on my future projects as she has done great for herself as well.
It was now time for plan c), which was a combination of plan a) and b) but with a twist. I was going to select an unsuspecting and confident looking member of the public who was also attempting to cross. I would wait for a clearing and cross with them. They would become my real life little green man. I carried out the necessary risk assessments in my head, carefully selecting my crossing partner. Conveniently, as it was lunch time and busy, there was an endless supply of crossing companions. My partner had to be taller and more muscular than me I had decided. My partner had to be standing on my left side, i.e. the side where the cars were coming from. Call me cruel if you like, but plan c) came with a safety sub-plan. One has to think of these things when faced with possible death. In the event of us misjudging a clearing and being run over by a bus, my taller crossing partner, by choosing to stand on my left hand side, subconsciously would have volunteered to take the brunt of the hit. We would probably escape with a bit of soft tissue damage at worst and a potential personal injury claim at best!
Leftfield & Halliday Original UK
Two days later, I am still in awe. I can't believe that a little something is growing inside of me- and NO ONE else knows. Excited and nervous are the best ways to describe this crazy blessing.
Did you see anyone suspicious on the plane
Sponsored Post
I recently got hooked on highlighters, and have been filling in my lacking collection with LE MSFs. My favourite out of my new crop is Perfect Topping from the Sugarsweet collection. Perfect Topping is a shimmering light peachy, golden shade. It is quite refined and while still shimmering, does not have any oversized glitter. I like to apply this (and other powder highlighters) with my Smashbox Fan Brush (#22) for a precise, soft glow.
the light a music in the air,
You must leave a direct link to your creation, not just to your blog.
It's that time of year again... CHA or Craft and Hobby Association show. It's in Anaheim, Calif. and I really wish I was there in person. Although I can't be, some of my artwork is there representing some of my favorite manufacturers. I was given the go ahead to share some of my creations that will be featuring some new products!
1. They are just darn purdy to look at.
But no. This bunch took it upon themselves to ‘write’ every single line anew. Now, that wouldn’t have been a problem of such great magnitude had the authors had any competence to assimilate the question, the knowledge required to answer the questions, or at least the ability to string words together to form a single sentence right.
Then we went to this really awesome bar called Soul and that name really stands for what the place was like: They jammed old disco and original R and B tunes. To say the least, the place had a ton of soul. We chilled there for a while and then went to see what the clubs were like. There were only three. And our options were slim. There was a pijo club, a top 40 club, and a rock club. Which do you think we chose? Seeing as the rock bar was also the only one that didn’t charge a fee to get in, we chose that. The night was your typical night in Spain with loud music and lots and lots of people. However, it was very strange because the streets in Cordoba were absolutely empty with people. There was no one around, but I’m pretty sure they were all inside this bar.
More stairs, but this time leading down toward a small valley. These stairs were made of wood, and not nearly so wide as their marble counterparts.
Writing short stories can also help you build up a writing track record which will appeal to agents. 'If you’ve fought off competition from other writers to win a prize in a competition that proves that you can write well. A list of magazines that have accepted your stories shows the agent that your work has been vetted, and accepted, by a professional editor. A writing CV shows you can produce polished, professional fiction and that’s definitely attractive to an agent.'
4) Go from looking like being ran over 100 times by a Mac truck and turned into some bloody mush of road kill paste- to looking more along the lines of being pecked to death by a chicken. It's little less gruesome and easier clean up.
So, my peoples. What do you think? Should Jen be naughty or nice?
This will be especially important to me when I am overseas, potentially mired in culture shock, homesickness, frustration, disease etc etc. (There will definitely be a post on this at some point).
New York could become not unlike Canada's extraordinary Diavik diamond mine, a hole seemingly in the middle of nowhere with water on all sides, but with some historic neighborhoods, art museums, stock exchanges, and jazz bars propped up above on a numbered grid of bridges shaped like streets.
Keep Visiting
Annabel is out now in paperback, published by Vintage.
UP: HRD-Recruitment
This shot really gives you an idea of the changes. I dubbed this bathroom "the box".
The BBC chose last night of all nights to accuse FIFA members of corruption - as they gathered in Zurich for Thursday's vote.
Strength, from where?
I remember growing up as a child in these woods and usually this was one of the first things that bloomed in spring,you think it knows how fickle the weather can be around these mountains so that it waits until now to open it's pretty blossoms????
Layman P'ang
2 trail
Yazz
To others this might not sound significant, but the Commonwealth of Dominica, too often confused with the Spanish speaking Dominican Republic, is a very small dot on the world”s map and deserves as much publicity as it can possibly get.
Price: $16.99, 608 pages
1. BrightStar Care — Gurnee, Ill. (CEO Shelly Sun)
Yes, I'm splitting hairs, but I have a blog and I can do that.
At first I was not sure about ordering curtains on-line, I was worried I didn't like them and that I had to send them back. But Curtainworks gives you the chance to get 5 swatches for free so you can try and see if the color and texture are what you are looking to get. Totally helped!
So we see that the angels were present at the creation of this realm and all the stars, all the angels, sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy when this earth was created. So, we see that the holy angels are all the sons of God — comprise the full number of the sons of God — and they all sang together and shouted for joy when God laid the foundations of the earth.
I'm also embarking on a "fun" writing project - one that I turn to whenever I don't want any pressure whatsoever. When I sit down to work on this project, I am actually forcing myself not to feel any type of self-recrimination, i.e. This stinks! Who let you think you could write?. I'm also not allowing myself to edit, but just writing, writing, writing, even if it sounds bizarre and crazy. It doesn't matter. There are no rules in this particular story.
Best Director
Bogus Kiss member Bruce Kulick on guitar, and
Level 16: Recovers 160 HP and 48 MP every 4 seconds.
That either opens up a conversation or kills it stone dead! There is no other reaction. Thankfully, in this case it was the former not the latter. So for the next hour we chatted about her dreams:
I met with the gal from Expo
Small, small-minded, and certainly with small lifespan; the people of this age sleep away their nights and work away their days for nothing.
lucky enough that i am concerned of my future, yes, though not about rights that might be stripped away by corrupt rulers, but of the square footage of the yard in my soon-to-be rental home. lucky enough that i am not concerned of a possible nation-wide internet shut-down, but of when my next blog post will be.
Then he closed his mind to me and left me in the Pool with those who did not ask my questions.
Steinman drew his straw, cupping it in both hands as though he’d caught a butterfly.
Huffman’s as good as she possibly could be on Housewives, given what she has to work with. Transamerica, on the other hand, is serious acting. I wasn’t sure what to think when the movie began, but by the second or third scene, she sold me. It’s somewhat reminiscent of Julie Andrews in Victor/Victoria – a woman playing a man playing a woman, although the comparison ends there. It was a brave role for her to take; the shape of Huffman’s face is indeed somewhat masculine, and a less humble actress might even have been insulted by the offer of the role. Yet I think of some of the other great character actresses working today, like Laura Linney or Joan Allen, and while they possess the acting chops, I don’t believe they have the physical features it takes to pull off this role.
Is this the facial & body expression we wanted badly?
And then imagine if the adults would actually answer truthfully.
I have learned so much from this trip and I hope many have learned from what I’ve shared. This experience was profound, has changed my life, cannot be done justice by any sentence, and will likely remain the most memorable 77 days of my life. This was the toughest challenge I’ve ever had.
“It was not my intention to doubt that, the Doctrines of the Illuminati, and principles of Jacobinism had not spread in the United States. On the contrary, no one is more truly satisfied of this fact than I am.
I know that we'll be in this house for at least two years, so we asked the owners if we could paint them.
So, no sewing or quilting today.
I am thankful that three years ago today, I had one last day with all my daughters. One last Thanksgiving that we were able to sit at the dinner table and enjoy good food and laughter. One last evening together when we sat in a darkened theater and watched Enchanted. As I looked down the row at Maddy, Kelli and Jessica, for a moment I felt that everything was going to be okay.
(My great "Thursday's" Helper Natalie,("Nat")- who not only helps me most Thursday's after school to "Cut/Glue/Glitter/Fold/Paste, etc." --but volunteered her time today with the help of her handsome and helpful boyfriend Mitchell helped too!!) Thanks Guys!
the wolf left
JEFFERSON TO, DEMICHELI V. The socioeconomics of influenza. In: NICHOLSON KG, HANNOUN C (Ed.). The socioeconomics of influenza and influenza vaccination in Europe. Pharmacoeconomics 1996; 9 (Suppl. 3): 1-81.
I have plenty to write about. My life has been quite hectic as of late, which has really lit a fire under my ass to change things. Therefore my usual time of writing a blog post has been used instead on research, and reading, and education, and figuring out how I'm going to do everything I am setting out to do.
Happy Wednesday hump-day!
So, Joel. Tell me about Snow Burn. (BTW I love the title... it's got that slight dissonance of ideas--cold and hot--that somehow goes together perfectly at the same time. It's very intriguing!) What’s it about?
And suddenly I'm back in the house in Bickley.
Instead, it will just be a date night dress for me.
Krissy just revealed our May Kit add-ons.....*drool* OMG!! The savages went wild and we've already had some of the add-ons sell out.
I then wound ribbon around around a kebab stick and secured it behind the mask. To give the mask more depth the glue is applied to each side of the mask only and stuck to the black background so that the mask bows out slightly.
For this card I stamped with Versamark and heat embossed with clear EP I then over stamped the dress form, from the Haberdashery set with Bronze Metallic Ink, and heat embossed with Bronze EP. Then sponged with Tattered Rose, Spun Sugar and Vintage photo D Is before stamping the Paris/NewYork/London text. The background paper was made using the dress pattern instructions stamped in Rich Cocoa, the torn piece was stamped with the needle book image and some Crafty Individuals labels, I embossed the torn edge with gold EP. The flower was made with organza, gauze(from the First Aid box) and lace all coloured with Spun Sugar DI.
Fry the chopped onion till brown and then add the chopped tomato and fry for some time...
I love Alice Hoffman. I think her writing is so haunting and enchanting. The way she strings words together is absolutely breathtaking. Jodi Picoult is another favorite.
What’s interesting is…the Holy Spirit IS doing a work. Constantly. It’s not that He takes breaks…WE are the ones that take the breaks.
I don’t have an answer. I tweeted early on watching Belle de Jour that if someone could explain the fascination 60s French films have with these sorts of strange portrayals and glamorization of prostitution that I would buy them a drink (or cookie if booze isn’t your thing). The offer still stands. In the meantime, I will continue to hope that answers make themselves apparent over time.
Now we’re breaking it down 8 chapters at a time and asking all the tough questions like “Why is Lockwood such an idiot?!” Yep. The good stuff.
I think when we are given challenges in this life we have to take what we have and do what needs to be done to encourage and comfort others. All of us have an ability to make a day better for those who need our helping hand.
before the throne of your Divinity
Police in Tel Aviv immediately began to arrest and round up organisers of an impromptu demonstration. It is noticeable that it wasn’t even Arabs they were arresting but photographers from the mainstream Israeli press and ‘trouble-makers’ of the Israeli left.
The stories that dominated conversations were about Father John and Ferne Goldman. Ferne’s name cropped up in ordinary conversations as often as two to three times a day.
So what’s on them? Well they all had something in common. They ALL criticised the other candidates. Some stronger than others, but still they all did. Now it’s not for you to tell me who NOT to vote for, you need to convince me why I should vote for you, you need to convince me that you care about the fact that the only street light in our cul-de-sac spends more time broken than working (what’s that? You didn’t know about that? Well you wouldn’t would you, you never came and asked?) You need to convince me that you care about the state of our roads, that our pot holes will get filled (what’s that? You didn’t know about that either?) That you care about our community centres, our play areas, our green spaces, OUR Stanground.
What is going on in this part of Michigan, today, is similar to what has been going on in nearby Wisconsin for years. The reason why the public (teachers and other government worker groups) in that state will be trying to recall their current governor in an election quite soon, is also the reason Detroit’s union representatives and members are threatening what sound like riots. (Some Black Panther types have said in plain English that if these contracts are altered they will burn Detroit to the ground.)
We were fortunate to arrive on a beautiful day, the sun was shining and we managed to get out for a lovely walk on the beach. Since then the weather has deteriorated and I am looking out at a wet, grey and very dull afternoon.
I am probably not an amazing breed of perfectionist, but I have it in my DNA.
I woke up from a very nice dream in the post-op recovery room (Tom was surprised when I told him I had a dream during the surgery), and was told the surgery went perfectly and that baby was fine. That made me happy, but all I wanted was just to go back to sleep. Until I noticed a horrible pain in my belly. And another, even stronger. I (drowsily) told the nurse I was cramping, and she snapped back that they weren't cramps, they were contractions. Geez, lady, I was coming out of anaesthesia - you think I really care about technical terms? I asked if that was normal, and she said it wasn't uncommon. Fantastic. You'd think they could have warned me beforehand!
So I am grateful for technology and that little device called IPOD touch!
Foul play is NOT “action at a distance”, despite the fanciful ideas many evil people in their delusion entertain. I’ve heard people claim that they can give someone else a heart attack or give them a stroke etc. In actual fact they have no such power whatsoever. They may be part of foul play but even then they can only “play with” an unsuspecting and medically misinformed person.
As you can see, some Gilnean folk who are all hoity-toity don’t mind getting a little dirty. My Mage friend here looks the part, but is ready to take on all comers just as many of her friends did during the Civil War of Gilneas. Her outfit is as follows:
We have millionaire football players who cannot read.
Once I got home I looked through my pattern folders for the perfect way to use this fabric. It screamed 90's to me so the only possible answer was a babydoll dress. So yesterday when I had a whole free day to myself, I spent 6 straight hours working on it while watching Spaced, Misfits and Sherlock. This dress is infused with british comedic energy.
Newsflash, bub, it is not unknown for an unknown to land an agent and sell a book.
Smartphone penetration in the UK has now reached 45% – and growing. Converging phone, video, internet, wallet, apps and social media, it’s the bridge between the physical and digital worlds. It links shoppers to their friends, bringing them into to the browsing and shopping mix. McDonalds and Superdrug have already trialled prepaid technology for smaller purchases. And in February 2012 Barclays Bank launched Pingit which allows users to transfer cash between mobile devices.
Establishment of or low-density human settlements in private lands, or subdivisions, if any, subject to prior approval by the Ministry of Human Settlements, PTA and local building officials; Provided, that no structures shall be constructed within 30 meters from the shorelines.
In the photographs, taken by a British National Party activist at a UAF demonstration outside a licensing application for the 2009 Red, White and Blue event, Pc Kennedy is clearly visible.
I’m sure there are more tricks to play on the blocked mind. Writers, what are your favorite tried-and-true ways to get unstuck?
“Keep it,” she said to me. And I think we both realized that holding on to it wasn’t about being able to unlock the door of her house.
The trial of the Norwegian terrorist Anders Behring Breivik is scheduled to start in Oslo early next week. In the lead-up to the trial there has been lots of talk from various left-wing public figures and left-wing organizations about the need to expose the anti-Islamic ideology which they erroneously claim influenced Anders Behring Breivik into carrying out his sick attacks.
I could go on but I came across a post titled “The Rush to Relevancy is the Road to Ruin” by Paul Proctor who expressed this concern far better than I can. Have a read here and let me finish with a quote by A. W. Tozer:
Until fairly recently, I was a bit unaware of the joys and wonders of vintage shopping. Boy was I missing out!!! Since participating in a little merchandising showcase for Goodwill Industries, an entirely new world of sartorial choices has been opened up to me! Whether that's a good or bad thing depends on your perspective. Let's just say, my wallet is consistently famished while my wardrobe remains momentarily satiated. Oh, the plight of the fashion obsessed.
Okay, first I gathered my supplies and then with the drill and drill bit, I drilled through the middle of my pumpkins and gourds. Then I wanted to use jute but I could not find mine anywhere in the house. I had some orange polka dot ribbon that is 3/8 inch wide. I threaded my large yarn needle with the ribbon and threaded through the pumpkin and gourds. I had to use a little thing to push my needle through. Once I got that done, I made sure there 6-10 inches between each fruit item. Are pumpkins a fruit or a vegetable? Not really relevant I guess. Then I started gluing the leaves between the fruits. I made a loop on each end of the garland and hung it up. When I looked at it hanging up some of the ribbon was all twisted and such so I glued some more leaves on both sides of the ribbon so when it twisted you wouldn't see the veins on the leaves. It really added to my lack of Halloween decor items.
"They locked up shop, boarded up the glass fronts and went on a baseball binge — all 3,000,000 of them.
While Don Sebesky often receives the credit - or the blame - for "the CTI sound," he was not the only arranger who shaped that sound which has come to dominate not only 1970s jazz, but that noise that is now highly revered among crate diggers, samplers, DJs and fans of the last great wave jazz has experienced.
Sports Bras
So, in the spirit of the season I will be kind and loving and peaceful. All my actions shall be geared toward that. This is my heart, it has been for years. Sometimes the cruelty of others stifles that, but I am strong and my children are strong and others can NOT change that.
It is very unfortunate that the word "cancer" comes up with so much frequency these days. Breast cancer awareness is something that I personally feel very passionate about - my amazing Aunt Chris was diagnosed with breast cancer several years ago, and has had an up and down, painful battle with this terrible disease. It is absolutely heartbreaking to watch someone you love so much go through all of this pain. I hope that a cure is not far off!
“If you’re that worried about helping Howard, why don’t you phone one of the people who’re helping him?” Ellen suggested. “They can tell you better than anyone what’s going on.”
And, of course, there are the nationalist Canadian/Americans on the League of Legends forums who hate Americans/Canadians in the other country for no particular reason.
01 Count Hemmendorff - Castle Entrance
If you are not sure yet which hand your sweetie prefers, you can get a set of Benders that your baby can practice with. I like these because you can bend them side to side or even up to suit your child’s current skills, though I find them to be only really useful with foods that stick to them because of their small bowl size.
Remember, if you can’t pronounce it, your body won’t know what to do with it!
I grew up in a non-pet household in a poor family with 6 children crowded in a 3 bedroom old house that stretched for 8 people. Apparently my father had a dog for short time when he grew up in China. Thereafter it was survival during the Chinese-Japanese war and the Communist takeover that changed everyone lives.
Would any of you be interested in reading about that or should I just stick to writing about newer games (which I have slacked)? I do have some things written; they just haven’t been posted.
Call him Mr. Paradox if you will. From the beginning of his career as social activist to Umno’s anointed one to opposition leader, Anwar’s demonstrated behavior in irony is stark. As student organizer and avid demonstrator during his anti-government students days in 1970s, he was the perfect foil to lead the opposition, until he was reeled in as Umno’s prized catch in 1982, where he quickly ascended to real power to the party deputy presidency and with it the deputy premiership. It was a if the Red Sea was parted for him to walk through unmolested, thanks to the then Prime Minister’s intervention and wishes, despite the protestations of many senior Umno leaders. Then, at the height of his deputy premiership, Karpal Singh, a boisterous if not incredulous critic, told a startled crowd at a DAP convention in 1998 that he had proof of Anwar’s misdeeds, blaring sensationally lurid accusations months prior to Anwar’s fall from grace while challenging the then prime minister to act against his deputy.
I love playing with glue and paper - touch - feel -
I’m sitting here weeping as I write this. I don’t know why the publication of this book makes the death of my life mate/soul mate final, but it does. His death and my grief are no longer my personal affair, but something real, something books are made of. He has no funeral plot, no memorial, no epitaph engraved for all eternity. Or rather, he didn’t have those things. Now he does — this book is his epitaph, his memorial, the final resting place for my grief.
But alas, I never carry out my hateful vengeance on the mall. I’ll know it’s time to make a lateral career move the minute I find myself actually shopping for the machete.
Scuffham PA, West PA. Economic evaluation of strategies for the control and management of influenza in Europe. Vaccine 2002; 20: 2562-2578.
Why write out what the reader knows?
Yellow is also great when combined with accent colors. In this case shades of green are added to create an analogous color scheme. This nursery was designed for my first daughter - thinking someday we might have a son - but my second daughter used it too. The crib bedding by Wendy Bellissimo inspired the room's color palette. And the antiqued white sleigh crib by Ragazzi (now out of business) converted to a toddler bed which we loved. Yes, the mattress is slanted in the picture - our little one at the time had a bad case of reflux.The vintage dresser which also served as the changing table was purchased at a yard sale for two dollars (yep, that's correct).
Using both clear and colored stamp-pad ink I stamped up the bow of the ship and covered it with embossing powder. I heated it until I had a distressed metal plate look. When the embossed section cooled, I started coloring with the Distress markers (sorry, I meant to take a scan after embossing, and got so caught up that I forgot).
Marianne Schnall: Founder and Executive Director of Feminist.com, Marianne is a widely published writer and interviewer. Her writing has appeared in O, The Oprah Magazine, Glamour, In Style, CNN.com, EW.com, the Women’s Media Center, and many others. Marianne is a regular blogger at The Huffington Post and a contributor to the nationally syndicated NPR radio show, 51% The Women’s Perspective.
The Hansen NYT piece asserts:
The Pacers have been under the radar throughout the season and Miami has the stars, but we know this is the playoffs and anything can happen. This could be one of the best series of the second round.
United desperately poured forward but it left them vulnerable as David de Gea palmed away Gael Clichy’s low shot and Nasri wastefully opted not to shoot after dancing around three defenders.
I returned home, filled with hope, not only of finding a spiritual community, but of rescuing my family from their religious malaise and bringing them once more under the direct protection of Jesus Christ. Both of these quests were disastrous. My family rejected my evangelical advances and my search for a local congregation was even worse, I was told by many ministers and preachers that speaking in tongues was wrong, that it was a misinterpretation of scripture, that it was even the work of the devil. This practice of Speaking in tongues had become central to my way of worship, as had dancing in the spirit, and raising my hands in the air, and shouting Amen when something the preacher said really resonated with me. Sitting quietly and listening to someone talk, standing still with a hymnal in hand singing dirges, I couldn’t reconcile these methods with my desire to worship and glorify God. I searched, and after a while I stopped searching, I read my Bible, and after a while I stopped reading, I worried about my salvation, and after a while, I stopped worrying.
1-15 Tupelo, MS BancorpSouth Center
You see, somebody asked me a question and I found it extremely interesting. The question I was asked was this, “what will you do if you fail?”
Specialized equipment is also available in these service stations for a complete service session.
That standard of living provided by those benefits not great; the average Social Security benefit is approximately $14,800 per year. But to say the system being able to provide the same standard of living in 2033 as it does now equals the system being "insolvent" or "busted" at that point is transparent nonsense.
It is a different story if the water is murky, as it often is where people must fetch water from rivers, streams, and boreholes. “In the developing world, many people don’t have access to clear water, and it’s very hard to get rid of the suspended clay particles,” says Joshua Pearce, an associate professor of materials science and engineering. “But if you don’t, SODISdoesn’t work. The microorganisms hide under the clay and avoid the UV.”
Following is an excerpt from a Friday sermon delivered by leading Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi. The sermon aired on Qatar TV on December 31, 2010.
** Picture to come**
So today I realized that it is only 40 days until Christmas.
This Army officer, born and raised in Virginia received an all expense paid education courtesy of the Army. Not a cheap "gift".
If everyone is dealing with hell in their lives, why is it that Christians, people who are supposed to bring life, want to give people more hell.
After we took leave of the in-laws and the kid, the wife, a good friend ours, and I fired up the Android to find our way to the 21st Amendment. I am a HUGE fan of the Brewing Network and have been listening on podcast for years. I'm almost caught up on the archives. I listen to the BN so much that it has probably messed up my professional career as I stopped listening to NPR, Manager Tools, Oil and Gas Journal and so forth. I'll be so happy when I catch up on the archives so I can get it going professionally again. Regardless, I just had to make it to the 2-1-A as soon as possible. So we dragass to 563 Second Street (right across from AT&T park) to get us some.
Dawn, I thought Brooklyn is off diaper, and I dont think any of your kids are still using it, why do you need diaper cream?
How do you avoid talking politics in relation to the state of funding for long-term care? Especially as it has such an effect on all aspects of life for service users and providers. It is a very stressful time for all those involved. In the end, I concluded sometimes you have to face it head-on in order to find a solution. This is something the Long Term Conditions Alliance Scotland is ready to attempt.
Hatmaker’s personal account of seven months of fasting really hit home for me because in her, I recognize myself. A witty (read: sarcastic) lover of words, reading, writing. A relatively privileged American woman brought up in church, yet unable to make the kind of spiritual connection with God for which she was hoping.
It was quite a blustery day when I was trying to take this pic and I had help from my little granfurkitty who kept attacking it off the rock it was balancing on. UGH! LOL
Teresa MacBain has a secret, one she’s terrified to reveal.
a flexible printed circuit board base film comprising:
The sequence shows a close-up of a human hand writing a dotted line on flesh — obviously prepping for plastic surgery. But the 3rd line doesn’t line up with the other two! Straight, straight … LEFT?!?! THIS REALLY BOTHERED ME! There’s 2 explanations: They did this on purpose to symbolize how even surgery is not an exact science, and how biological hacking doesn’t need to occur on the exact precise parameters that computer hacking does. You can “miss” a bit and still have your surgery be successful.
This is what I live for. Emails like this. Because it is so great to see someone take items they already have in their home, pretty 'em up a bit, and create an incredible before and after story. And what I love most about the before and after's, is that I can clearly see how small changes and projects will make a big change in someones day. Imagine how much stress was reduced just by tackling one cabinet. Just one can make all the difference. And here is a great example of that!
You just have to read it for yourself.
The way they won the car was that a local New York disc jockey called them up at random,
I’d like to think I’m a good script writer, but I think there made better when I have REAL performers like Alex and Daisy performing them as opposed to people on my course.
skirt- TARGET
Re-watching a movie that I viewed numerous times as a kid (thanks mom, for dubbing all those VHS tapes) is sometimes a harrowing experience. You have all these precious memories in your head from your previous viewings, but you’re also taking the chance that just maybe the movie didn’t age well. Or you’ve become a jaded movie snob, and now there’s aspects to the film that grate on your critical nerves, forcing you to decide whether or not you still love it for the memories, or that you have to downgrade it because it wasn’t as good as you remember it being. That’s what Silverado has ended up becoming for me.
Then one day me and my mom were out shopping at a thrift store. We were not looking for anyting in particular just wanted to see what was new or old. We were on our way out of the store, the trip was unsuccessful and it was a dreadful day weather wise, so we wanted to get home. That's when I spotted them, two matching night stands. ﻿
DFTBA
The plain cream tag was sprayed with glimmer mist in red and turquoise before adding the paper pieced sun and cloud and the little envelope was created using an old wooden template from a craft show I got about 15 years ago! Inside the little envelope is hand written tag with a personal message on for me.
“It is important that the media give the court the opportunity to do its job. This means complete openness, unfortunately. We can’t avoid it. This is going to be a debate that we will look back on later on and it is going to be historic.”
Main Image: Body(yellow) hand drawn, hand painted and doodled by me Nancy Baumiller, Wings/Face and Horns from Teesha Moore.com
I feel very welcome when I get to the studio. It’s a warm, friendly environment, where I feel encouraged to learn.
I wonder if Romney will win 40 states. It a long way from the Nobel Peace Prize.
Remember me, LORD Jesus Christ, when You come as King! Amen!
Nine, ten.
I don’t know buddy, but I like your questions. Also, do you think I could catch a windspren if I sat out in one of these highstorms? I’ll find a place under a rock, and I think I’ll put out an open cage, with a Kaladin doll inside.
Khirad: Okay, calm down. This look is sexy on you, but you are about to pop a vessel. I never cheated on you with Khizar.
I was filled with great joy and delight in observing the faithful Christian teaching in my son and his wife’s home. Their children are receiving a wonderful education in gardening, music, literature, chess, the Bible, cooking and eating real food, and the basics of living off the land and within their means. I was truly amazed at what 2 and 3 year old’s know and can do, just because they are their parents’ first priorities.
Public pensions are a problem all over the country, but they are a special problem in Illinois, mostly because the state has failed, for decades, to make proper contributions into its pension funds. Illinois, more than most states, has used its pension funds as a vehicle for off-balance-sheet borrowing, financing high spending without high taxes by making unfinanced pension promises.
Not my children. Heavens no. My sister's kids. We're hanging. It's good times.
I have been working as a freelance writer and artist for the last decade. In that time, I've done everything from ghostwriting to toy design and everything in between. I am currently working on a novel series called 'Myth' which has held my attention for the past sixteen years. I have spent my time developing the world, character and story and am now ready to funnel all the preliminary material into the manuscript of the first installment, 'of Men and Monsters'
George Orwell… was born in Motihari in 1903. His father Richard Walmesley Blair was a deputy posted in the opium department in Bihar. However, when he was one year old, George left for England with his mother and sister.
Only the Occasional.
The orchestra played a few feet behind my chair during dinner tonight, so conversation was difficult. Karen and I both had long dresses for this formal dinner, so we didn’t feel as out of place as we did on the Aphrodite.
That n.e.v.e.r. happened during my "other" pregnancies!
And I’m not gonna wait until tomorrow
If you don't make cards, you can easily use the front of the card as your embellishment on your scrapbook page, and/or use the glassine bag as a pocket.
Live while you are alive…
The tradition of allowing an animal to predict our weather began in 1841.Pennsylvaniastorekeeper James Morris was known for keeping immaculate records in his diary. It was here that he recorded the first known American record of the tradition in his diary:
Now I want to add a little bit of color to my Mermaid
For inspiration, please check out the fantastic creations by the rest of the Design Team and remember, no digi images are permitted at LIIU.
The throne also got a crossbow so that whomever is riding can still take a couple shots at the peasants below.
The heart of the movie is not the Talmud itself, although it figures in peripherally. No, the rivalry between father and son is what Cedar is interested in examining in this Oscar nominated (for Best Foreign Language Film) work. While father and son are cordial, the tension between them is palpable. Uriel considers his father a dinosaur, a man who has spent a lifetime researching the equivalent of finding the number of angels who can dance on the head of a pin. Eliezer sees his son as the embodiment of everything that has corrupted academics; desiring of fame, laziness in research and hasty in conclusion. His son is a rock star in academics, which the father agrees with and not in a good way.
Hugs Kath xxx
Answering the right way is key in this Savage World, that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
And I’m not even tired. I didn’t even have to run anywhere, and no, I wasn’t on a treadmill. I was dining at a little Mexican establishment with a friend when it happened. That’s right. I passed the 10,000 hits mark. It didn’t even take a year to accomplish, not that I was counting because if I was counting I would have lost track somewhere this side of 99 bottles of beer. I couldn’t even keep track of how many laps around a track I completed the other night. Fortunately, some little hobgoblin or elf or fairy or perhaps just a computer program at WordPress keeps track of how many times my humble little blog has been viewed.
coatings to preserve priceless artwork, continues to support the Arts with
NOGeorgeHamilton.
Countertop- Formica. Color: Walnut Quarstone
and when I am swimming most days and don't want to use my Shu Uemura shampoo and conditioner for every wash... I alternate with the Klorane products... They are not a substitute or as effective but they are less expensive and mild enough for every day shampooing...
06. Je t'emmene au vent - Louise Attaque (France) / 3:04
If he says he will wait for you, He WILL wait for you.
People do say that and it always surprises me a bit. I write characters, men and women, the way I meet people in real life. And I’ve never encountered one of those dumb, willing blondes who seem to be the mainstay of some sorts of fiction, so I could never write one. Lund was a challenge but not because she was a woman. It’s more that we don’t get to peek behind the façade much on TV and in a book you need a bit of the internal story too. So I had to imagine that and come up with some kind of explanation for that rather incongruous jumper for example. Funnily enough I
On the other hand, I’ve also been devoting a little bit of time every few days to a mini-comic I’ve been doing to relax and have fun, for the entertainment of my friend’s and I, rather than sitting down and forcing my hands to the keyboard when I don’t feel up to it. It’s definitely not something I’m pouring as much devotion as my main project into, and I’m going for a sloppy, fun look to it, something obviously quick but still with a lot of work into it, something that I’m doing quick and for fun but still making sure I’m satisfied with for the style before I consider it finished. I think this is essential to my improvement as well – learning to make things quick and keep things fun every now and then, and trying not to lose sight in that working on these things are what I’m supposed to enjoy, not force myself to do 24/7.
because I don’t believe in anything anymore –
The Church must remember that her one Lord and Spouse is Jesus Christ, and not hurry to jump into bed blithely and blindly with any political party or establishment. It is such ‘promiscuity’ which infects us, infects our faith, and makes the Church weak, sick and compromised.
Blend the cashews with little water and make a fine paste.
Go down into the cellar
So, does the city of New York plan to close parts of adjacent streets, notably narrow Dean Street or even wider Flatbush or Atlantic avenues, during arena events in Brooklyn? If so, why was it not disclosed during the Empire State Development Corporation's (ESDC) environmental review of Atlantic Yards, since it inevitably would affect traffic?
He cried hysterically for about a half hour after that, he was so shaken. So was I.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is suing a former head of police intelligence after allegations about his private life appeared in a news magazine.
Edger punch: EKsucess
And about how they nominated themselves and won a public relations award for the way they handled the media after the tragedy of a schoolgirl knocked down and killed by a speeding patrol car.
It was really hard for me to admit that my Cat Cat Cat socks were past their prime, but we (I) bid them a fond farewell. Want a backstory on the Cat Cat Cat socks? Believe it or not, my beloved cat, Ciao, (may he rest in peace) actually mailed me these socks as a Halloween gift in 2001. I was a freshman at BYU, it was the first time we had ever been apart, and he missed me. Here is the card to prove it:
Lastly, I've been painting a lot. I realized a while ago that I might not be able to recreate photographs, so I gave up. But I realize now that that doesn't mean I can't paint at all. The whimsical stuff turns out pretty nice! Fish are my favorite.
Do your research online first to see what you want from your HDTV. Do you need 240 Hz or even 120 Hz? Do you need LED? Do you want a specific brand? For answering all of these questions, Google will be your best friend. For example, go to Google and you can do a search for 120 Hz vs. 240 Hz, and get a list of websites that will offer you some comparisons. But don’t just read one website; be sure to read a couple. Go to some user forums and see what other consumers who bought the product are saying. Take the time to do some thorough research before you make a decision. While doing so, you’ll probably get a few brand names and even some specific models that you can look into. Check various websites (Amazon, Best Buy, hhgregg, NewEgg, Radio Shack, Sears, Tiger Direct, etc.) to see what their prices are. If you see it lower at one website, check to see how much shipping will cost. If it’s a local retailer, you may be able to price match (as mentioned above).
Gorgeous with a capital G. This foundation is just beautiful, it applies so easily, blends effortlessly, looks natural but covers any imperfections, it leaves a lovely glowy healthy look to my skin. It doesn't settle in the lines, it doesn't look mask like, it feel super light on the skin it really is fabulous.
As much as I wanted the strawberry rhubarb cupcake that I fell for a couple months back, I went with the chocolate green tea. AJ demonstrated her loyalty to banana cake by ordering a banana cupcake. And Ben got the carrot salted caramel, which made me happy because there are few things better.
It’s always been the little things that encourage me. I’ll watch a movie in which an attractive woman in a sports bra, a handsome widower, and a trio of selfish, weak-chinned cowards are pursued by mighty reptiles or visitors from another galaxy. “The cowards are going to die,” I’ll think, and then, when they do, I congratulate myself on my intelligence. When I say, “Oh, it was so predictable,” it sounds brainy and farsighted. When other people say it, it sounds stupid. Call me an egghead, but there you have it.
Even the AP story manages to acknowledge that women have not figured out how to impregnate each other, saying that the father of the twins is an anonymous sperm donor. I was scared for a moment, worrying that men really have become unnecessary. But the AP story does not even attempt to answer the obvious question about whether the sperm donor deliberately donated sperm for this purpose, or whether he even knew it was possible that his donation would be used in this way.
Faye knows she's the reason, but what does it all mean? The handsome Kel tries to help her unravel the mystery, but Faye is certain she can't trust him; in fact, he may be trying to kill her - and the rest of the world too.
Congratulations on the new show! It's been great watching the first episodes. How has the experience been moving from BRAVO to HGTV?
So I have this obsession with buying unique dishes at thrift stores, and I bought this blue plate for $1 because it read very "Starry Night" to me, and I'm a total van Gogh freak. Isn't it the perfect plate for this cute goldfish snack?!
We could chase away all of our cares!
My theme this week is to use pretty things with wings in your project - if you are stuck for ideas just have a look at the Design Team inspiration below!
Kaladin, my baby! It’s so good to see you! How are you doing? How’s your windspren?
Spreading the Grammar Love = Fun.
I have been away to a craft retreat in Brisbane arriving home last Thursday night. I spent a couple of days in Nambour visiting friends before retreat. Kim spends a lot of time and energy on these retreats and I just love them. Thanks Kim. Of course, I had far too much gear with me, will definitely have to cull in September when I go down for the next craft retreat. On the way back I fabric shopped in Maryborough and stayed with Jean in Gin Gin for a couple of days. We played and made Tim Holtz tags from his Creative Chemistry 101 classes. Now if ever there was something worth spending money on, it's these classes. Absolutely brilliant. Tim is a fabulous teacher and he shares his knowledge freely. I know if ever I got the chance to do a live class with him, I'd be there like a shot. lol
I'd like to go back and add darker gray to his fur.. I'm afraid that will look stupid though. Oh well. I better leave him alone before I tinker too much and ruin it! (That NEVER happens..)
especially at night when he was alone.
It’s time to move on, it’s time to get going
as you can see,
Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep...Mac & Katie Kissoon
Photographers will be taking your photo as you receive your diploma on Saturday May 12.
Many defend the presence of the Burley Golf Course as an “asset to our city.” Imagine what an asset a beautiful, functional library would be – a true definition of a culture, as it was in ancient Ephesus and Alexandria – guardians of otherwise lost cultures.
I know that everyone projects things upon other people, not just people different than us, but also people who are like us. Sometimes it stems from our perceptions of people’s personalities, sometimes it’s how they look, sometimes it’s an extension of our own self-image. So I’ll take this opportunity to take one for the team and own up to the fact that I (like everyone) engage in some kind of bias towards other people. Perhaps the best reference I can offer here to an insightful discussion of the psychological roots of humans’ bias and powers of projection comes from a recent article on racial images in modern media from Salon.com (Linked Article).
With all due respect to Odden’s enormous expertise, blogging is a measure? We think it’s an activity. That engaged people do.
Of-course my experience is limited to Karachi, and I can not generalize about leftie organizing in the rest of the country.
Go luck to you and to all of us!
In his piece about Jackson, simply titled “Michael,” he upends most of the agreed-upon public opinions about the King of Pop, including Jackson’s alleged pedophilia and the “self-mutilated creature” he became. “Of all the things that make Michael unknowable,” he writes, “thinking we knew him is perhaps the most deceptive.”
10. More recent surveys reveal that a mere 850,000 hectares of virgin old-growth rainforests are left, barely 2.8% of the entire land mass of the Philippine archipelago and about 3.0 million hectares of immature and uneconomical secondary growth forests.
The next day I called them again. A guy took my information and said he’d send me a confirmation. I waited about 2 hours to get an email…and it looked very generic. Still unsure. I wrote him back to make certain I was on the list. His reply:
It just seems to keep getting better.
If you are reluctant to try, before giving up on this experience, ask for help. After talking to many moms and the frustrations surrounding their babywearing experiences I offer as part of my service a consultation to help. I review some post-natal posture considerations for you during babywearing and help you get more comfortable with the harness as well as answer any questions about posture and pain. I want you to enjoy every moment of being a parent!
Now slowly add in the condensed milk and keep on stirring for sometime...
Carmen Maura (Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown)
Overall, the most votes went to Contribution and making a difference, which indicates that about two-thirds of you (67%) are out there doing what you’re doing in order to make the world a better place!
Long Beach Half Marathon - 10/16/05 - 1:57:28
To cope with the shortage this month, we have a solid repertoire of solid foods Cooper loves (solid solids! ha!). He still won't drink formula from a bottle, and my freezer stash is still dwindling. He will, though, eat (organic) oatmeal mixed with Gerber GoodStart, so that's progress! Last month and the month before that, he only needed a coupe of bottles to get through the rough patch, and he eats about 4 ounces of Gerber a day with his oats (well, I serve him that much-- he eats about half. I don't want to replace nursing with solids-- just want solids to be there in case the milk is low), so we should be good.
a poetry reading hosted by The Poetry Business,
Rattus: Having a good time are we?
By Robert Browne
But today, the once-thriving Minutemen anti-illegal immigration fraternity has all but died out. No one knows exactly why the groups fizzled so quickly, but researchers and former border-watching leaders say infighting and bad press have taken a toll. At the same time, the tea party movement started to rise, which usurped members and stole the groups’ thunder.
* Before achieving publication, did you approach many agents and publishers? Have you had to deal with rejection along the way?
Wisdom should be one of our principal goals, but – like love – wisdom cannot be taught. Charity and knowledge can be learned from teachers, models, books, etc., but love and wisdom are chosen paths in the continuous experience of everyday choices and spiritual growth. We must choose to love and seek wisdom and to live our lives accordingly.
I wish those at Giant Bomb all the best and hope that they’re utterly ridiculous coverage continues unchanged and continues for the foreseeable future.
and isn’t that the way the world is? you create your world, your perception of things. if you don’t like it, change it. if you want something, get it. you are in charge of your reality, in the same way you are the creation of your omelette.
Here’s a recipe to make your own drain cleaner:
Last year, Clermont was talking with a close Chadian friend, who was expecting her fifth child. “She looked at me and said, ‘We women in Africa expect to lose a third to half of our children.’”
Other Details:
Disclaimer: I am no expert in movie reviews but am just an ordinary movie-goer. I would like to give an A+ for the whole movie though and I’ve got couple of thoughts to share. Here it is:
Tingini went to Zululand with his servants, to sell hoes, spears and axes and there they found a place where they could make them. Tingini and his servants lived at this place for many years. He married there and he had children. Later he returned to his father’s home with some of his sons and daughters and their families, and some of his children remained there in Zululand. The children who remained in Zululand, their mutupo is Tsvube today.
4) She's Mine
I’ll forego a synopsis of the other two books (Catching Fire and Mockingjay), because I want to focus more on the people than the actual books.
And sometimes when I'm at my desk ...
Very good beer. I can't recall having other beers from this brewery, but I'll be sure to try more.
“The first to plead his case seems right, until another comes and examines him” (Prov. 18:17). “You shall not bear a false report; do not join your hand with a wicked man to be a malicious witness. You shall not follow the masses in doing evil, nor shall you testify in a dispute so as to turn aside after a multitude in order to pervert justice…” (Ex. 23:1-2). Jesus said, concerning congregational matters, that discipline is only to be executed after every fact has been confirmed by multiple witnesses (Matt. 18:16). Demonizing Trayvon is not justice. Publically portraying Zimmerman or local law enforcement as racist is not truth, per se. There is a great irony in this case. Those claiming that Zimmerman wrongly pulled the trigger without cause are themselves guilty of this assertion. They don’t know why Zimmerman did what he did, and yet they are “pulling the trigger” of condemnation before it has been determined to be right.
November 3
I copied and pasted that old prologue into a new document and Chapter One started with the story of these new characters and their life-changing journey on the Titanic. The proposal came together quickly, and in a few weeks I learned that Barbour wanted to publish my idea!
- Johnny Cash, Robert Palmer, Bob Hope, Barry White, Bob Monkhouse and Adam Faith all died.
2. “Great is the Lord, and very much to be praised” (ver. 3). How much was he about to say? what terms was he about to seek? How vast a conception hath he included in the one word, “very much”? Imagine what thou wilt, for how can that be imagined, which cannot be contained? “He is very much to be praised. And of His Greatness there is no end;” therefore said he “very much:” lest perchance thou begin to wish to praise, and think that thou canst reach the end of His praises, whose Greatness can have no end. Think not then that He, whose Greatness has no end, can ever be enough praised by thee. Is it not then better that as He has no end, so neither should thy praise have end? His Greatness is without end; let thy praise also be without end. …
My tongue points behind my lips and as I bend my head to place another delicate kiss along the sharp edge of her hip, that dainty place between thigh and belly, I can taste her; clammy and smooth and salted like a fish. Her legs twitch slightly under my hands and the faintest of giggles erupts from her cherry-flushed lips. She sighs with relief. I smile. My fingers pull a cup of ocean up along her ankle, right up her calf to her knee, letting it slip back into the vast abyss in tiny transparent rivulets.
All sorts of things are going on in this giant project, as you had seen so far, I lined the drawers, added new hardware and added some decorative stripes to the magazine files.
Working with the Vicious Brothers was also a blast. Those are a couple of talented dudes, and I think they’re definitely going places. It’s been a while since we shot the film, but I do remember going off to explore the hospital we were shooting in during breaks between scenes, either with other cast mates or by myself. It was a really spooky place, and we’d all heard countless stories from past film crews who shot there claiming that the place was truly haunted. I definitely sensed a presence while walking around those dark corridors by myself, and certain people from our own crew said they actually saw strange apparitions. I also remember that the woman who was hired to supervise us during shooting was actually a practicing witch. In her opinion, she was protecting us from the sinister spirits which supposedly haunted the place. I don’t necessarily believe in ghosts, but after working on this film, I’m definitely more open to the possibility. Let’s just say it didn’t take much to get into character.
swindling and/or stringing others along while being swindled and/or strung along yourself
- Your future goal?
He called for conserving water as global warming has started playing havoc and water is shrinking
This ten things almost apply to every guys out there, but not at all times. There are some points here that I disagree. Hahaha. Personally speaking, these are not all true at times.
Press it down to flatten the dough.
But whatever the weather I have my very own sunshine now.
“Come back here! You’ve flown too high.
What a treat to pull in our long drive and see her peeking out of her small barn/chicken coop,
World Party Way down now UK
* That I am so very much looking forward to this weekend.
the MITM & i have been under serious stress because of his business or rather where it's located. those of you who know me know that i'm usually the one who laughs off stress or at least, rolls with it, but never lets it show. this time i can't pretend or put on the good face. i'm tired, he's tired, we tired and it shows. i just need a few days to get it together.
My Conversation With MV Returns
2/ I usually stick to department stores, especially le Printemps, for it offers all in one place : shoes, lingerie, high end as well as more affordable designers, house linen, beauty products... Plus, sharing a cup of coffee at the café under the "coupole" with your shopping partner (aka my mum) makes a very nice break.
It's the part of me that never finds a chocolatier that is quite Van Duyn.
Step 2: Analyse – Critically evaluate each expense head to see whether these expenses are likely to increase or decrease post retirement.
Now it is late,.. on a Friday,.. after going out... I was a ways from home.. and needed to..."drop the kids off at the pool".
This is a photographic scrapbook of John Glenn's flight. Each photo is captioned and linked with 1 page intervening "chapters".
Concluding Statement Deliverer: Allie Falco
One really neat thing the chateau is known for? Their super impressive flower displays in each room. All of the flowers come straight from the gardens surrounding the castle–how gorgeous are they?! If only it wasn’t so hard to sneak one of these out the door…
Modernist poet Muriel Rukeyser (1913-80) is probably best know for her poem sequence, "The Book of the Dead" (1938) which sought to bring national attention to the epidemic of silicosis--a deadly lung disease caused by exposure to silica dust in mines and factories that did not take adequate steps to protect workers.
You are probably like me, Carlos. I mean, sometimes I read the blurb on-line when I go to the bookstore, I am convinced that I am going to buy a particular book...but then I get there and the book doesn't live up to what I thought it would be and meanwhile, I have fallen completely in love with another book. I am the kind of reader that has to read the first couple of pages to know if it is right for me. (I watched you do the same thing as you made your decision--thumbing through several books before choosing A Good Knight's Rest).
Max was a super tough Darth Vader, picked for his mask and sword
4 Eminent Churchillians, Andrew Roberts. (London, Weidenfeld & Nicolson) 1994,
Prior to using social media, learn how each website specifically functions. For instance, you can click on a postage time for your tweet, isolating the tweet into a specific permalink. This is the perfect way to set up a linkage web that goes from one specific tweet, rather than the entire stream or profile.
I love to find fun quizzes online..it's probably reminiscent of my cosmo days... I found this great one to discover your inner style... mine? well here's what I got:
For example, I wrote, Unshed tears filled her chest and lungs. For a few seconds she thought she’d die, right there in her kitchen, leaning against the granite counter. She finally managed to draw first one breath, then another, but it hurt so horribly it didn’t seem worth the effort. And Scott wasn’t there to comfort her.
I was working on staff on "The Odd Couple" and wrote an episode about Oscar and Felix
If he were a good little protagonist, he would have been throwing himself in perilous situations, hellbent on tracking down the malevolent presence stalking the dilapidated mansion and driving its residents off their rockers. We could have had so much fun together!
Although Commonwealth Act No. 600, as amended by Commonwealth Act No. 620, provides that “the President is authorized to promulgate rules and regulations which shall have the force and effect of law until the date of adjournment of the next regular session of the Congress of the Philippines,” it is evident that this limitation was intended to apply, not only to the effectivity of the rules and regulations already promulgated, but specially to the authority granted to the President to promulgated them, for the following reasons: First, because Commonwealth Act Nos. 494, 496, 498, 499, and 500 had expressly limited the authority of the President to exercise the delegated power while the Assembly was not in session until the date of the adjournment of the next regular session of then National Assembly, and there was absolutely no reason whatsoever why the National Assembly, in enacting Commonwealth Act No. 600 as amended, which superseded said Act, would not impose the same limitation on the authority delegated in Commonwealth Act No. 600 as amended in compliance with the requirement of the Constitution; secondly, because it would have been useless to give the rules and regulations the effect and force of law only until the date of the adjournment of the next regular session of the Congress, if the President might, after said adjournment, continue exercising his delegated legislative powers to promulgate again the same and other rules and regulations; and lastly, because to construe Commonwealth Act No. 600, as amended by Act No. 620, otherwise would be to make the delegation not for a limited but for an indefinite period of time, in violation of the express provision of section 26, Article VI of the Constitution.
You can find faces all over the place in the woodwork. Some of them remind me of the Tiki Room chanters
But we all need a little bit of magic in our life's at times though don't we?
When I started this blog about the quiet West Coast of South Africa, I thought that I would really have to hunt for stories to tell and paint. I knew that I would sometimes have to squeeze a story out of a rock! Yet, so many things just happen. And here we have a shark in the bay a very short walk from my home!
Keep in mind that you’re writing about gnu atheists. There’s no call to blather on about contemporary religious oppression or violence or deference to faith claims. Leave this in the background. It’s reasonable to talk about the ethics of civility (apocryphal pious grandmothers on death beds especially), but the ethics of belief are beyond the scope of your piece. If you do wish to discuss religious beliefs, be sure to present “God” as a clear, well-defined, unified concept. Spelling out that concept would require too much space, as would harping about the differences amongst different factions of believers. There probably won’t be room for discussion of contemporary investigations into cosmology, biology, or neuroscience, either, so leave those out. “We don’t know” is usually effective.
Next, we drove to the Dollar Tree. I'm sure that there's one closer to our house, but I only know where the one by where we used to live is. So, we drove there. Jimmy picked out army men. He just loves those little plastic guys. I found some cowboys and indians to put on his b-day cupcakes, and some lipgloss for myself. Jake found some batteries for his remote control car, and Eme found a Hannah Montana coloring poster. Jimmy found a Diego floaty toy.
I've always been neutral about George Lopez. I wasn't into sitcoms when his was on the air, and I'm not that into stand-up comedy. So I was pleasantly surprised when his guest turn on Reno 911!, as the city's mayor who gets more paranoid and whacked out with each morning briefing he crashes, made me laugh out loud. Also, this episode features one of Reno 911's best recurring perps, Terry the roller-skating prostitute (Nick Swardson). I don't care how much of a dick Swardson reportedly is in real life, Terry's lisping interactions with the Reno S.D.--which usually involve badly-worded denials of his illegal activities--are always a highlight.
If you don't have lollipop sticks you can also make "cookies" out the granola.
He will be sharing Latin, History Geography, Science, Art and Music with his older sibling so that is the same as above.
1 tbsp melted butter
Who knew that Satchmo could sing harmony?
Saturday 23 April, Cutbush Lane, Southampton, Hampshire
On my way to the trash can, I thought that much of our life consists of marketing: how we present things is how they are perceived by others.
“I do not suppose she had ever really cared for her husband, and what I had taken for love was no more than the feminine response to caresses and comfort which in the minds of most women passes for it. It is a passive feeling capable of being roused for any object, as the vine can grow on any tree; and the wisdom of the world recognises its strength when it urges a girl to marry the man who wants her with the assurance that love will follow. It is an emotion made up of the satisfaction of security, pride of property, the pleasure of being desired, the gratification of a household, and it is only by an amiable vanity that women ascribe to it spiritual value. It is an emotion which is defenceless against passion.”
So, for now, I’m resting, drinking lots of fluids (water, powerade, tea), eating my Grammy’s homemade chicken noodle soup (not exactly Paleo), and popping as many vitamins as possible. And of course, laying on my couch/bed and catching up on all my PVR’d shows.
In a lawsuit filed last week in San Jose, Apple said the Galaxy Nexus infringes on patents underlying features customers expect from Apple products. Those include the ability to unlock phones by sliding an image and to search for information by voice.
I did announce the other day how I love to pick up poop. There is something nice about doing a mindless task. I have some music usually going, and everyone leaves me along while I do it.
Finally, I had an epiphany! The wormer wasn’t getting in his system. That meant he had a digestive problem. His rumen was not working. I realized that I couldn’t remember the last time I saw him chewing his cud. He was either eating or looking for something to eat. I called the vet to discuss my billy goat that was starving to death. Of course, he didn’t believe me that the goat’s rumen wasn’t working at all. He said if that were the case he would…
1942 A.D. Lucky married Molly, and her father gave her away. Just as Pearl Harbor started a war, so did marryin’ Molly. A simple weddin’, the bride, the groom, and the bride’s parents. A Justice of the Peace, a repented mobster. After the war, settled then, owed on a three bedroom house; drove a Chevy, purist blue you’ve ever saw, 53, a good year for blowin’ rods. Blowed his stack every time he blowed a rod! (What I wouldn’t kill to own that car now.) Up to their eyeballs in debt. Who wasn’t?
On the other hand, in Colorado Springs, although there is the staggeringly obvious and commanding summit of Pikes Peak, it's not exactly a run-up-it-before-work type of mountain (because I enjoy sleeping, 2-2h30 outings are the longest I will consistently log before 9am on a weekday). There are several 2000'-3000' climbs to be enjoyed in the area, but none of them have the obvious destination of a true mountain summit at the top: the top of the Incline is still about 700 vertical feet below the awkward and seldom-visited summit of 9250' Rocky Mountain; Barr Trail offers the logical turn-around points of either No Name Creek (8800') or Barr Camp (10,200'), but neither have expansive 360 degree views; Longs Ranch Road does no more than crest the saddle between the uninspiring Mount Manitou and the aforementioned Rocky Mountain; Jones Park (9100') is stuck in an aspen grove with higher peaks rising all around; finally, one can climb High Drive to 8300' Buckhorn Mountain (as I have done hundreds of times), and while the views are great, it hardly feels like a real summit as the Captain Jacks trail continues climbing far above this ridge.
We’re told cops were called by Roxy staff around 11:30 PM … and Tyler was taken into custody in front of his mother … who was visibly upset and yelled at the cops.
In this novel, African-Canadian students are presented with language that portrays all the stereotypical generalizations that demean them as a people. While the White student and the White teacher many misconstrue it as language of an ealier era or the way it was, this language is still widely used today and the book serves as tool to reinforce its usage even further. . . .
How to get there: Both stations are on the Arun Valley line, served by Southern services from London Victoria to Bognor Regis/Littlehampton/Portsmouth Harbour/Southampton Central via Horsham, taking about an hour and 20 minutes from Victoria to Pulborough. Many trains divide at Horsham – make sure you’re travelling in the correct part of the train. At the time of writing, Southern are offering a number of internet-only, advance-booking fares for £3 single, so £6 return if you book the outward journey to Pulborough and the return from Amberley. Bargain!
While a number of arms export licences were revoked last February arms exports had resumed by June, reaching a total for the year of £2.25m.
and I suddenly came fully awake as I found myself wondering how to explain that, delicately, to a shocked American fan.
Worse, I know who did it, a guy named Chester Stranczek ...
chores
Brief Encounter
When I went downstairs I intended to clean and organize. That lasted about 10 minutes but while spending that bit of time sorting, I found this leafy flourish die that I don't think I've used since it was first released from MFT. Love finding hidden treasures!!!
Given my initial lack of interest in this type of story—having taken it up by conscious choice rather than by emotional urge, psychological force, or the need to read—at every page I was not surprised at my lack of urgent need to know what would happen next. (I must admit that I had similar experiences in reading some of the classics.) On the other hand, at no time was I bored as I continued to read; indeed, my attention never flagged; the reading, mostly aloud to my mate, was effortless. Ms. Leslie has thus succeeded marvelously in her art.
"I'm hurt."
Listen to Mary’s song later on in the first chapter of Luke.
Pearls: Michael's brand
"WHAT, ARE YOU JUST GONNA LEAVE WITHOUT YOUR PASSPORT???"
My current obsession is "layering layers of paint", something I learned at an online workshop with Julie Prichard. This technique was new to me and I love to combine it with other techniques and materials and use it in journals, books, canvasses, ATC's, etc. This is a detail of an ATC.
“Walk you home?” He asked.
Give him the opportunity to study in Party Schools and well-off
When we think of generosity, we tend to immediately think of money, but generosity is much bigger than that. Generosity is about the giving of ourselves and all we have, not just the donating of money on a Sunday. It is about giving all that we have, not just whatever we have left over after everything else. Remember the story of the woman in the temple who gave just two small copper coins into the temple treasury whilst the rich made a show of throwing in much larger amounts? It is the woman who Jesus is impressed with. He tells his disciples, “Truly I tell you, this poor widow has put more into the treasury than all the others. They all gave out of their wealth; but she, out of her poverty, put in everything—all she had to live on.” Being generous isn’t about the amount of money, or time, or gifts you give, it is about what that amount means to you; in a sense it is about what you don’t give. If you are giving out of your wealth, but are holding back much, then you are like the rich in the temple. If you are giving out of your poverty, giving everything, then you are like the woman who pleases Jesus. The giving of money has always been a topic that has somewhat troubled the church. Knowing whether to tithe, giving a fixed 10% or whatever, or asking people to simply give what they can; knowing whether to put out an offertory plate or pass them around; knowing whether to give the money away to charities or to keep it in church funds in case the roof starts to leak. It is a difficult issue, and the church often avoids talking about it, but Jesus most definitely didn’t! But like I said a few moments ago, generosity isn’t just about money. Generosity is about the giving of all that we are and all that we have. It is about using our God-given talents and gifts for the glory of God. If God has given you the gift of music, then play for the glory of God. If He has given you the gift of caring, do not shut yourself away. If God has given you patience, use it. Whatever gifts God has bestowed upon us, it is our joy and our duty to use them. There is much talk in scripture about gifts of the Spirit. 1 Corinthians 12 tells us: “There are different kinds of gifts, but the same Spirit distributes them. 5 There are different kinds of service, but the same Lord. There are different kinds of working, but in all of them and in everyone it is the same God at work. Now to each one the manifestation of the Spirit is given for the common good. To one there is given through the Spirit a message of wisdom, to another a message of knowledge by means of the same Spirit, to another faith by the same Spirit, to another gifts of healing by that one Spirit, to another miraculous powers, to another prophecy, to another distinguishing between spirits, to another speaking in different kinds of tongues, and to still another the interpretation of tongues. All these are the work of one and the same Spirit, and he distributes them to each one, just as he determines.” Being generous is also about the using of these spiritual gifts for the glory of God. To have the gift of prophesy but never to share it is to deny something to the Christian community. To have the gift of healing but never use it is to contribute to the suffering of others. To hide away as you speak in tongues is to hide the Spirit from others. As we walk with the Spirit today we must give all that we have and all that we are, giving not from our wealth but from our poverty, and sharing all that we have and are with those around us, for the benefit of the community and for the glory of our Father in heaven.
This was an early episode that was kind of treading water before the exciting stuff happened. Cordelia was particularly annoying in this episode, as she was for much of the year until they committed to her being evil.
Finally, we stopped in at Montblanc. Not the Montblanc from Switzerland/France/Italy fame – but the town about 70km from here that I mentioned earlier in my post about Sant Jordi day – where the Dragon is said to have been trying to eat the Princess. We had visited this town last fall with our friend Erich on a rainy super quiet day in November, but this time is was quite the opposite of that visit. Every year around Sant Jordi Day, they have a ‘medieval week’ and they re-enact that fateful day when Sant Jordi killed the Dragon. Unfortunately, that spectacle doesn’t even begin until 10:30 pm, so instead when we visited the town, we just walked around inside the city walls, and explored the medieval fair going on. There is also archery lessons, jousting, and troups of musicians going down the narrow streets, and everywhere people are dressed in medieval clothing. Fun way to end a great road trip!
.5 lb British Crystal 120L
"This is basically our next-door neighbor," Vogt said. "It's very nearby. There are only about 100 stars closer to us than this one."
*Not as awesome as it sounds. My natural hair color comes in kind of reddish blondish brown, and for some reason that reads as "very nearly reddish" against the dark brown of my from-the-box dyed hair.
* facebook friends who like to play Scrabble (let me know if you want to play!)
Jon Huntsman: “Given the bandwidth that has been taken out of the discussion of any other issues pertinent to this campaign, a reconsideration might be in order. … Every time another accusation comes up, it diminishes our ability to stay focused on the issues that really do matter for the American people, and I think that’s a disservice to the voters.”
Here are the detailed pictures and you will find all the products used in this project at the end of the photo gallery.
There just isn't enough time in a day for blogging anymore. Mostly because I work, but also partially because I'm trying to sleep enough hours a day so that I can function. I know it's selfish of me... But today I was reading my fav blog The Bloggess, and it made me yearn to write something whitty...or is it witty. (Probably the second one. The first one made me think of that episode of Family Guy where Stewie accentuates the silent 'h' in words like whip. Hilarious.)
Saturday we went to Labor & Delivery on a false alarm. See Superwoman's blog for details on that. Superwoman was effectively told to stay in bed till Tuesday.
When you tell an ER doc or nurse that you have "20 out of 10" pain you are not impressing anyone. If you had "9 out of ten" pain you would be crying, probably vomiting, and barely able to speak. If your demeanor, facial expressions, vital signs, level of alertness, and story do not add up to even two then you will be immediately relegated to the "not sick bullshit pile" and treated with all the urgency demanded by your presentation.
Independence of thought and action is dangerous and unwise. Anyone who chooses not conform had better be prepared for the consequences.
In addition to being an excellent actor, singer, dancer, and comedian, Kaye was the first ambassador-at-large for UNICEF, an organization he assisted for many years. Although he never won an Oscar for a performance, he did win the Academy’s Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. I have always thought of him as a humanitarian.
I’m not sure what publishing companies Victoria, Julie, and Lee have. By the way, Lee is a man, not a woman. And as far as Ken Pullen being an idiot—well, Jones is just upset because it’s hard to fight the truth and the facts. Victoria, Julie, and Lee have been instrumental in exposing predatory publishing and publicity scams to warn writers about scam artists—like Jones Harvest. Victoria is my predatory publishing guru. I am in awe of her and her work to stop publishing fraudulence. What can any of their motivations be other than warning authors? No one is making money from telling the truth about Jones Harvest—especially me.
If the Health Ministers of MCA had more sincerity in serving the people rather than the interest of their UMNO political masters, Malaysia could have measured up to the healthcare in the Lion City which by the way, is the choice of frustrated Malaysian doctors.
Ghosts wail to you in the night,
So let me point out that we need to start thinking. God gave us this great gift and we don’t use it. I stated earlier that we treat problems. Let’s solve them. Quit taking what is put in front of you as true, and question it. Take a look at what you are doing that isn’t working out like you’d like it to and fix it.
couldn't, I finally went to her and apologized for still loving him. I
@Voiceofgarth: Glen pulls his head out of his ass to the thunderous sound of suction as his head finally breaks loose.
True Story: While on a business trip in Portland, OR I was running (in a very populated area, BTW) and noticed a homeless gentleman sleeping under a very ugly mismatched yarn type of blanket. I'm fairly convinced it was my mother's stress blanket that she later donated (or very similar to it). Weird? I think so.
(piano version)
I am so excited to share my first "Guest" blog post with all of you. Michael Larsen, owner and founder of Tula's CocoKefir, invited me to post about our journey with our son from a health care perspective and the lessons we have learned along the way. My hope is that by telling our story, we inspire other parents to think outside of the status quo when it comes to their child's health care. Please pass this on to anyone who you think may benefit! Click here to read the post!
Paper - White and So Saffron
Who saw beauty each day.
To the left, ladies and gentleman, is an integral part of my history. That gold, 2001 Chrysler Sebring was my very first car.
The Afrikaans-medium universities were left to their own devices - though soon almost none were Afrikaans-speaking. The old English-speaking universities were the main target and they effectively became parastatals whose vice chancellors could not be appointed save with ANC assent. This had a deadening effect throughout those universities which ceased to be reservoirs of critical thought. With no real exceptions they embraced the new ANC-friendly political correctness, with Wits setting a low point by giving William Makgoba its highest honour although as Deputy Vice Chancellor he had illegally purloined the personnel files of numerous senior faculty and used them to defame the faculty members in question.
I don’t think we have any yet. I’m not sure what day The Man has duty so that always plays into it. If it’s nice out we’ll probably head to either Point No Point (pictured) or Fort Warden with the pups so Molly can play in the water.
Using random.org to randomly select a post, the number generated was
On Wednesday, our teachers went on a road trip to the temple in Gochang. On the ride up, my co-worker told me, “on field trips, the teachers become like students.” And they did!
very cheap, nice and sweet. and low calories
One of my very first littlebrownbear blog posts listed all the things I hoped to achieve this year, one of which was to start my very own craft business. For the time being, I have placed an almighty hold on all the other things I had set out to achieve, although the obsessive compulsive list ticker in me will probably have a mad dash at the end of 2012 to fulfill everything else. One cannot make a list without both ticking (in the little square box next to the item) AND crossing every item off. It would be like walking out the house without any knickers on. It’s incomplete, and quite frankly just WRONG!
This Wicked Tongue
The third background was similar to the second, but we sanded the dry alcohol ink to distress the finish. Then we stamped with musical notes and finished with a large monogram M that was painted black and topped with a thick coat of Glossy Accents for Grandmom because she loves music and her name is Matilda!
Food'n'drink were great, too. There's nothing like drinking coffee from a tin mug and eating peach cobbler while listening to Don Edwards over on the Main Stage.
5. Marie Marie - Do You Do You Brush Your Teeth?
Breaking into his trademark tears, Beck told the stadium of 8,000 Liberty University grads and 20,000 friends and family members, “as a man who was never able to go to college—I went for one semester but I couldn’t afford any more than that—I am humbled and honored.”
Tracing each futile line
If you plump for Aventine Press - you won't go far wrong. In fact, you will do far better than that. This small author solutions service is absolutely exceptional in its field, for competent self-publishers as well as those new to this chosen publishing path. My single remaining bug-bear is Aventine's lack of in-house sales platform. That is critical at this level of self-publishing, and something Aventine Press need to address in the next stage of development and when I revisit for an updated review.
Oh no. No no non.
The young boy plays by himself on the playground equipment.
We were very early. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 1:50 and it was before 10:00 when we got to the airport. We said goodbye to James and Pastor Peter and Bob took us on in. No one was even there yet to check us in, so we just sat and waited. Shortly after 10, the airline workers arrived, and we soon realized that to get anything done, you have to be pushy! We went from first in line to about tenth, just because people pushed and shoved past us.
Personally, I vehemently disagree with all she says and all she stands for. However, in some ways I think it is a testament to Israel as a free society that such people exist within it, however misguided they are. I wonder what would happen to a group of Palestinian school pupils who vocally supported Israel and denounced violent attacks upon it?
The group of renegades – Frederic Leighton, William Morris, James McNeill Whistler, G F Watts, Edward Burne-Jones, Dante Gabriel Rossetti – had been working together since the 1860s , but it was their momentous 1877 exhibition, staged at the fashionable Grosvenor Gallery in the heart of Bond Street, that tipped them from the obscurity of their Holland Park salons into the big time.
The latest report confirms the accusation by LaRue of Prescott, made a month ago. Prescott has not been charged by Elections Canada, and the allegations have not been proven in court. Prescott has returned to Twitter the last two weeks, but hasn’t continued blogging at his Blogging Tory affiliated site “Christian Canadian Conservative”.
Ooh..it got worse. So much worse. And no, I didn't sleep till 5am in the morning.
All the best!
Ian Somerhalder
She does for me, ooh!"
Here are my four match-ups of the weekend for college baseball
A police spokesperson said: "Police officers went to the polling station after reports that voters were being intimidated."
One popular claim of the FReepers and suchlike 'respectables' is that liberalism causes destruction such as that seen in Detroit.
Do your homework before venturing out each week to a farmer's market. They might be a bit further from home and the stall holders may just be people who go to the large central fruit and vegie market and resell at the farmer's market (which is what I tend to think happens at the market I went to). Sure, there are produce growers there who are selling what they grow but there are many others who source their produce from the same place as the local greengrocer or supermarket. The produce has probably the same shelf life as what you'd expect from the supermarket/greengrocer and the prices would be very similar.
So THAT is what I’ve been working on this summer.
So……………there ya have it! I’m looking forward to seeing what kind of awesome projects you create for our Scrappy Frogs Shape it Up challenge! :-)
1) Paint the dowels green. Cut the crepe paper packs into thirds horizontally, then cut 2 big scallops at one end of each section.
So, my husband and I butchered the goat. We were pretty proud of ourselves. It was the first animal larger than a chicken that we'd raised & butchered ourselves.
I started by cutting my base card 4 1/4" x 8 1/2" and with my Score Pal made 2 score lines, the first one at 4 1/4" mark and than again at the 6 3/8", you'll crease those folds back and forth in accordian style(this is what forms the easel). I than cut another pc of card stock that is 4 1/4" square, which is adhered to the small 2 1/8" portion left. Are you lost yet??
I haven’t been willing to face the truth until now, because the fact of the matter is this.
Still, 245 years don’t pass without signs of age. According to Ernie of LaBrosse Chimney, mortar had crumbled to the point where it was obstructing the flue. And the mortar dust had company – birds, mice, squirrels, and other critters had found their final resting pace at The Brick House. If we didn’t fix the chimney soon, we might join them.
Revd Bilkin gave a short nod and emptied his glass in one bitter swill. “Yup, spiders,” he said, never meeting Obadiah’s gaze.
I do not believe that my versions can get any million auction price, but someone have once said that copies of new versions can be even better than the originals.
Yes you heard right… Kymlee fell in love. YAY!
Yes, they are extremely travel friendly. I haven’t tried this new shampoo before.
Includes: Side Handle – 4165494, Depth Gauge – 3212484, Plastic Carrying Case – 1582578.
Why don't you take some time to write down the things that you value most in your life. Whenever you feel lost, confused, down or disillusioned you can think of them to bring your thoughts back into perspective.
To this moment
“I’ll buy whatever jewelry and makeup I want, I have a job.”
The chaotic-sounding, amorphous definitions of the concept of hamlet and of specific hamlets’ boundaries sure feels resonant to me in my conflicted state.
As I speak, I pivot slowly on the spot. As I turn my back on the pulled-out-all-the-stops sunset and face East, I gasp, tears welling up in my eyes. High in the sky is the thinnest brightest sliver of new moon. And curved over it with flawless symmetry is a perfect rainbow, arching over the crescent like a protective mother sheltering her newborn child.
Grocery shopping.
There are a variety of wedding organizers and each one has pros and cons but here are a few things you should look for in one:
Asylum-seekers from Sri Lanka are headline news in Australia once again. Last week Rowan Callick of The Australian presented a series of articles that were based in part on interviews with Gotabaya Rajapakse, the powerful Defence Secretary. Rajapakse urged a “hardline on Tamil asylum-seekers.”[1] This headline immediately raised the spectre of Tamil terrorists sneaking into Australia, a scenario that had been emphasised earlier by the security analysts Sergei de Silva-Ranasinghe[2] and Rohan Gunaratna.
They draw the Democrats into pointing fingers because the left knows that if this could be pinned on them, it would be and with full force. And so the atmosphere darkens even further.
Usually I would only use one piece of foam with double sided tape attached that I then attached the stamped metal to etch onto but this time I used three pieces...the one I embedded the 3D brass items (above) in, the backing foam in the middle to make sure the brass wasn't too heavy and the foam still floated on the surface and the smaller piece as handle.
Brooklyn Supreme Court
I actually had something else in mind when I made all those pleats and they should have been closer together, but I decided to make something out of my mistake anyway. Besides, who doesn't love pinks, and oranges together?
There’s nothing like staring down 25 years of debt to suddenly imbue someone with the irrational belief that they’ll get the winning ticket. After laughing at my Father for buying Lotto tickets, I’m one step away from doing it myself (scratchies are a gateway drug, kind of like the marijuana of gambling). Apparently I’m more likely to be struck by lightning or become infected by malaria – but it doesn’t matter. The precious will be mine!
Bibliography, below. See, also, Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 857-66.
1 pound pinto beans
My first thought on hearing this was "no shit Sherlock" - anyone who has been around addiction and in particular 12-step recovery groups will normally find an overwhelming belief within the majority addicts that they were "wired up differently" and with retrospective hind-sight consider themselves to have been "an addict waiting to happen" long before they discovered their drug of choice. As I say this isn't everybody's view but a prevalent one. I know little of the addiction issues in previous generations in my family - largely as many were dead long before I was either alive or able to ask them. However one other close relative of mine is in recovery now in their 20s and in a smallish family you have to say there is there anecdotal evidence that it is an inherited trait right there. Funny that the scientists are catching up with a view held by AA for approaching 80years or so now.
I've always had a creative mind. There are probably two factors to this. Number one is down to my wonderful mother. Bedtime stories were a daily event in my house when I was growing up, but quite a lot of the time, instead of reading to me from a book, my mother would make up a story on the spot, about what my teddy bears got up to when I wasn't around. I got used to the idea that stories weren't something that only came from books, but that everyone could do it! The second reason I attribute my creative mind was the fact that I spent a lot of time on my own as a child. I'm an only child, and when I was young my dad was very ill for quite a few years. Because of his illness I wasn't allowed to interact with very many other children for fear that I could bring new strains of viruses into the house that would make him worse, so I spent a lot of time playing by myself and imagining situations.
It can be frustrating when a new guest complains about the fact that you don’t have his favourite spirit or beer, but these blokes are thankfully rare. It does bring up the point that Jeff made and that is; to what extent do you ‘gear up’ for the Christmas crowd and how far do you go to accommodate their whishes or whims? I see the chance to expose them to something they may not have had and might just find themselves liking. I will sometimes pick my mark carefully and offer him or her a ‘beer back guarantee’ – try the beer, if you really don’t like it, I’ll buy you another. We both win in the end.
For example, I was getting a haircut the other day when my hairdresser, Sarah, and I started talking about life insurance. Amazing how the topic just comes up. Sarah is 24 years old, married and pregnant with her first child—our vast, untapped target market.
Before the moon had fully risen, the tree fell. When the north star had swirled the world around like a cape, Castor had carved the tree into many pieces. One by one, he brought them to the lodge, swimming quietly back and forth across the pond. If his wife’s dreams were troubled for his absence, she never left their nest, nor came looking.
However SNATCH was a Protected Patrol Vehicle rather than an AFV, and was not an old vehicle. In terms of augmenting Protected Patrol Vehicles such as SNATCH the focus in early 2006 for the Army was on the VECTOR which in March 2006 I was told was General Dannatt’s highest priority as CinC LAND.
Seacrest holds preeminent positions in broadcast television, nationally syndicated radio, local radio and cable as an on-air host, broadcaster and producer. He is celebrated internationally as host of the top-rated primetime talent showcase “American Idol,” for which he has been nominated for an Emmy(r) award in the “Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program.” He also serves as an executive producer and a host of “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest.” On radio, Seacrest is host and producer of “On Air with Ryan Seacrest,” his market-topping #1 nationally syndicated LA morning drive-time radio show for Clear Channel’s 102.7 KIIS-FM, as well as a nationally-syndicated Top 40 radio show.
- Schick Hydro Silk Razor
Taking the post-budget duty rates, the current level of duty+VAT for one unit of alcohol for each product category is:
Have a marvelous weekend!
I had a talk with a bald man the other day who I secretly call Confucius about letting go . I told him that my inseparable kids, Sam and Red, will be heading for Ilagan, Isabela tomorrow for a summer camp . Sam was encouraged by her college instructor to be a volunteer so his brother can also join in . They will be with other volunteers, street children , orphans and special kids in Isabela for ten days . Sam will be a caregiver and baby sitter to a different kid. Red will be with her new sister for those ten days as well . I cannot help myself not to worry.
"Gosh, what the heck happened?!"
I don’t have ANY desire to eat chocolate. At all. Instead, it’s all about the salt. (Hmm maybe that’s why I’m bloated?)
She smiled to herself for a moment, still feeling the tempo of the ditty, enjoying the rhyme scheme. The poem went on, she knew, to talk about the hideous maids from Ugaboo, the blue-skinned girls from The Vinkus, the towering tree women from The Glikkus and the swamp things from the Quaddling Country, incidentally the very land that Elphaba's father had come from - or she'd thought, until she'd learned it was in fact the Wizard of Oz who had sired the little green monster, which completely explained why her sister, later to be known as the Wicked Witch of the East, had been such a different creature, even lovely by some standards. Not Gillikin standards. Neither of the girls had had the proper upbringing, poor wretches that they were. It was no wonder they had done so well though - they literally towered over the Munchkins, who she was sure must have look upon them as gods.
First let me say this: you can fill your files without taking any extra time out of your day. This isn’t a project where you have to assign time slots in your daily routine to get it done. It is something that can happen without a single change in your habits.
With a deal done out of conveniance both will find themselves together and getting closer to love.
02. A desert track 3:05
When I say journal, I mean notebook. I do have a fancy leather journal (somewhere), but for the most part I use small, ordinary notebooks, including the 25 cent black and white composition books you get at Wal-mart.
Saw the NYC premier at The Kitchen of a "live documentary," Utopia in Four Movements, by Sam Green; he directed The Weather Underground, which I loved. His new project contemplates our relationship to utopias, which he semi-facetiously defined as places that do not exist, where everyone has a good job and a good standard of living. He mostly showed footage of/talked about (1) Esperanto (2) communist states, esp. Cuba, although he consistently used the term, "socialism," in talking about them; and he more or less assumed we agree that our own capitalist democracy has also proved disappointing, if not quite the failure of communist states, and (3) forensic archaeology, i.e., where they dig up mass graves and attempt to identify remains.
I thought that might be all I'd hear from him until maybe Saturday morning, but he wrote again yesterday evening, which was nice. In fact, it was a very nice email. He started with "I can't wait to see you on Saturday." and said yes to the offer of the link. He also chatted a bit--seems like he has a bit of work stress these days--and ended with "Have a great evening, a fantastic Friday, and a dreamy Saturday morning." I thought that was very sweet.
Who comes to soothe thy sorrows and thy fears.
Seriously, don't ever see this. It's not even "so bad, it's good," it's just stupid, pointless and gross.
The staff at Slacker Heroes have chosen Our Most Anticipated Summer Movies.
The next spring, at a party at Trisha's, her brother Jack plopped a black and white kitten on my shoulder and said, "it's time you had another one." She snuggled right into my hair. I picked her off me and looked her over. A sweet little black and white one with a pink nose. Love was beginning already-I'm a sucker for kittens.
