"Repeat with me - today I will be my best. I will support my colleagues and I will sell sell sell."
So as any good youngest bunch of the cousins would do I awoke at 3 am yesterday to make cinnamon rolls for the whole group.
CRYPTOZOOLOGY vol. 1, winter 1982
Luck. Ignorance. Trust. A strange triad, with each component stretching towards and pulling against another, unhinging the fulcrum, shifting the weight, the equilibrium, between them. I swung with it. Les suggested I move onto the boat to save rent. And despite the landlord of the hostel I had been bunking in warning me that Les looked like some guy who had disappeared with a cople of young women a few years previously, I packed my rucksack and thought, Save money, save money...
And yes, I asked really awkward questions about his sexuality for the next hour, but he assured me that he was into GIRLS. I still wonder about that, to this day…
We grouped ourselves round the farmhouse porch. The sky cleared, and broad streams of stars ran down over the valley and away to Wales. On Slad’s white slopes, seen through the black sticks of its woods, some red lamps still burned in the windows.
Fast forward to this morning. I am breezing through the Sunday paper, separating the good from the garbage when I see an article titled "All hope is gone, surely for grammarians" (I will add grammarian to the list of things I am not.) Again, via twitter the Associated Press Stylebook stated It, too, had succumbed. "We now support the modern usage of hopefully, ...It is hoped, we hope." The article goes on to say the fight over the proper use of "hopefully" has been going on for decades. Personally, I had no clue such a vicious battle had ensued.
With one last kiss on the cheek, she left and not once looked back.
Because they know that constitutional change isn't esoteric – The constitution is the bedrock on which economic, social and ethical issues stand.
This is a brilliant series, and one definitely worth watching. The entire series is available dubbed into English and those people who prefer watching the series with it’s original audio can watch a subtitled version, so buy it from your local DVD store, or if you prefer watching anime on blu-ray, import the blu-ray from Japan, because it contains English audio and English subtitles as well. This show actually discusses the sexism that occurs with high school students, and it shows that women can be in power, which is something that more Japanese women should be. Society is long overdue for change. Females are humans too and they deserve equal rights.
In the end, though, they were both successful. Jennifer described hers as "a delicious cake with an intriguing mixing process, bold in flavor and moist as they come with a silky, buttery, vanilla frosting. This Tomboy is welcome in my house anytime." And Jenn "felt really good to have a successful mousseline." Not to mention the fact that the cake is "so moist and chocolate-y. This chocolate cake is now one of my favorites in the book" (This is starting to sound like a theme, isn't it?)
Nick Griffin is now the London Organiser. But Nick is also MEP for the North West with an office in Brussels and a home in Wales. He can’t be everywhere at once.
In our back yard.
Bristlecone pine chronologies were used to re-calibrate the radio carbon dating process.
Much narrower neck and higher under the chin. I do think I like it, but I am a little scared to call it done for fear the next toy will take 300 attempts. Six heads is a dream run !
bad, it happens.
Aroma: Lemon, honey, and tea
But there’s another thought that I have, a thought that I didn’t expect to have when I came into the program. Certain policy issues and neighborhoods tend to be invisible at Milano. In other words, we just don’t see them.
1/4 oz - Cascade (dry-hop)
I found this recipe back in the winter in the weekend section of the newspaper. It’s got all good things in it (carrots, apples, eggs, wholewheat flour and bran) and a very small amount of some not so good things (brown sugar). With the amount of brown sugar used, it comes out to about 1/2 tsp per muffin. And as usual, I tweeked it a bit to still work with SBD. Because of the brown sugar, it’s more suited to Phase 3.
Being in the Information Technology Industry, as you could imagine, I have come across some interesting problems. Some problems can even leave you pondering, ‘Am I really the King of this thing, or is it the King of me?’
Amount of ingredients for one small loaf:
But having heard of Saban’s remarks, Curry and the Georgia State AD discussed the idea last Friday. Interestingly, their answer to any Alabama request to jump might not be “How high?”
December is here and for cooking lager enthusiasts it’s the Xmas season. Cheap lout abounds creating a season of goodwill to all men. I’ve heard it often said that society ought to rediscover the true meaning of Xmas, but always thought it was no more than god botherers moaning about the commercialism that drives our economy, creating jobs and keeping people out of the poor house. The true meaning of Xmas is filling the car boot up with boxes and boxes of cheap grog and going home to neck them, hoping the door bell does not ring so you don’t have to share any of it with so called friends.
Nobel prize winning J.M. Coetze, in his essay on translating Kafka, argues that the way his original translators viewed his work colored the choices they made when translating. (The first translators saw his body of work in religious terms, and thus made translation decisions that reflected, and in many instances amplified, this approach.) These decisions, in turn, colored subsequent translators, as well as critics and readers. The same thing can be said for Brod and for the Kafka papers. Some see Brod as a savior. Others see him as an opportunist. Perhaps both are true. Regardless, Brod never made a firm decision concerning the archive. “Brod always knew that he couldn’t hole on to Kafka forever,” journalist Batuman writes, “but he never really faced up to it, and this is the result.”
Here are the Top 5 repeated tracks from the week.
After some painkillers and a glass of wine, I was feeling a little bit more human, and I’m happy to report this morning that my biggest gripes are equipment related.
After the meat has cooked off and it has cooled down, get all the bones and yucky stuff out and pour the meat into a colander and wash it until there is no grease or oil whatsoever left. Pour out the stock - thats right - its full of oil and salt. Now put the cleaned meat back in with one box of LowSo chicken stock and add:
Take it up a notch with Tangerine Tango
Fair full your honest, jolly face,
I was clearly the lone person that thought it didn't matter if they matched or not.
No Nap for you!! The phone rang...and after I turned it off and tried to close my eyes, my cell phone rang, and i couldn't turn it off as it was my alarm clock. So, by the time I left the house, I was tired and cranky. I went to the Play in a Day presentation show on Friday night, where I was randomly assigned to another writer to write a 10 minute play, to be turned in by 6am. So, I bought some diet Dr Pepper and headed to Nancy's for a war of the wills on writing a play with someone you don't know.
Isdaan in Calauan, Laguna is a newly built branch of the famous restopark in the country. The most famous one is located in Tarlac.
We dance, we kiss, we schmooze, we carry on, go home happy, what’d'ya say? Come on. –Hades (Hercules)
April 11: The FDA warned that antipsychotic drug use in elderly patients could increase the risk of death.
“Really,” she said, with a sense of foreboding as her eyes wandered to the shadows at the back of the cave and sat down by the fire with a worried look.
‘Fezariu,’ Jessamine said, reaching out to him instinctively before stopping herself. She hardened her tone. ‘What are you doing here?’
on a long journey, we might want to slap her for her insatiable curiosity, but we completely understand
“This is another reminder of the fast melt in the Arctic,” said Alona Yefimenko, acting head of the Arctic Council Indigenous Peoples’ Secretariat in Copenhagen, Denmark. “All the indigenous political leaders are trying to bring the message to reduce (greenhouse gas) emissions, not only in the United States but in Europe,” she added.
“Eclipses mean changes and new beginnings. The only way to claim your beauty, your wealth, your health, and your love is to see it in others. For the world mirrors your own reflection. If you do not feel worthy and prosperous, you see that in your own reflection. Do not focus on depreciation: instead focus on appreciation. Allow what you have ownership of to gain value through you. You receive value when you see the value of others. You gain your beauty when you see the beauty of others. You gain wealth when you rejoice in the good fortune of others. Their good fortune means that your good fortune is right around the corner. Every minute of every day you too shall be blessed if you quietly bless others.”
Anyhow, Dan Ariely conducts social experiments about rational thought, cheating and other activities We enjoy engaging in. What is rational thought? What makes a thought rational? Surely everyone deems their train of thought rational right? What about cheating? Surely we all know what cheating is? There is no objective way to look at cheating right? I mean there is no bias when you cheat right?
a state of hypersensitivity, frustration, anxiety, and anger that occurs in males and is associated with biochemical changes, hormonal fluctuations, stress, and loss of male identity.
it just turned out that the surgeon was being extra extra careful - which we definitely appreciate.
Well, I think, if the panic button has been hit, even accidentally, the alarm company will phone to check. But they don’t. Oh well, I think, blip on the system.
“…better chances tonight…still not great…but less cloudy…Northern Lights…”
If you are interested, please keep all of this in mind:
“One time she came home and I could tell she looked really bad. She just looked at me and started screaming telling me how I was such a disappointment and that she hated me which was why she was never home with me. It really hurt.”
9. Aurélie Laflamme's Diary (Christian Laurence, 2010, Canada) A French language film from Quebec that was part of the NY/SF International Children's Film Festival that ran from October 21-23 at Viz Cinema, it ended up winning an audience award. I would have voted for it as well, had I seen it in the theater along with that awarding audience rather than on DVD for an sf360.org overview I wrote on the festival. It's a teen film that doesn't have to throw an American-Pie in our faces thinking that will entertain the kids and kidults. Marianne Verville is a refreshing presence in the lead role, allowed to be awkward in what is an awkward time of our lives. Plus, although she gets the boy the genre demands, she isn't swan-ed away from her duckling beginnings.
You lie anti-White.
Speakin' of healthcare, I got some morphine a few weeks ago. I rarely take pain pills, but sometimes I gotta if I wanna do anything other than lie down in agony and try to focus on good stuff rather than pain, or, if I'm feelin' adventurous, exploring the metaphysics of pain, but that's a post for another time.
Have you tried any new and budget friendly projects lately?
raised her wrist-a-fan and a mouse coughed cotton
Do not read this post as a condemnation of defending the faith against heresy. Christ is clear in his affirmation of the Ephesian church toward their perseverance and diligence to oppose those who taught a false gospel and proclaimed a different way of living in faith than the one given them by the apostles. Yet, at the same time, Christ’s admonition to the church is that they have made addressing heresy and licentious behavior their primary purpose, above what Jesus had taught as the two greatest commandments (Matthew 22:37–40).
Thanks everyone. :)
Different picture.
Admiral S. Robert Foley, USN (Ret.)
** No matter what you call this or describe it.... I want to try it!
Peppa’s rainbow rocks – coloured popcorn
When I speak of heart light reaching out and souls connecting with each other I also mean that some people just get directed towards you by some common factor and a special relationship is built on mutual love, trust and respect.
Now, before anyone accuses me of harming the reputation of our illustrious Prime Minister without basis and thereby potentially falling foul of the law, let’s first look at the dictionary. Dictionary.com defines “lame duck” thusly and I have bolded a few definitions that I (in good faith of course) believe apply to Pak Lah:
whole wheat dinner rolls
and insist that you return a verdict of not guilty."
I picked up my camera and took a few snaps of Sal, the money, dime bags of white stuff, and a few men.
Let a man so account of us as of the ministers of Christ. I have forbidden you to boast yourselves in Paul or Apollos; but lest any man should therefore despise us, I say that every one should regard us as minsters of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God.
Muriel (Maggie Smith), an elderly woman, set in her ways, and a bit racist, needs a hip replacement. She can’t afford to have it done in England. Her doctor suggests a way to get it done at a fraction of the cost. But she has to go to India to have it done. She reluctantly agrees, not happy with the people who will be performing the operation and helping with her recovery. While she recuperates, she will stay at the Marigold.
“Look at the mutual fund business 25 years ago,” Thomes said. “It was just coming onto the scene and, when it became mainstream, the regulatory scrutiny around it and the oversight became all that more. Fixed indexed annuities are still just a $30 billion to $32 billion market, which is not small— but it pales in comparison to the variable annuity market. If this continues to grow and becomes more mainstream, the regulatory scrutiny is only going to go up, especially because you’re dealing with the senior population.”
The calendar could absolutely work as a great addition to any section in your Household Binder, such as for your children's schedules, or for important dates, or for meal planning or for your family calendar. It's really versatile for however you would like to use it, there is nothing specific about it that says it has to be used for "Blogging".
It's been over a year since I put one of these posts up, and the previous entry was also from Cesare Pavese (whom I had never heard of before). One can only assume that sixty years ago Cesare and his contemporaries didn't have to suffer through the phenomenon known as 'the co-commentator'. Driving home the other day I caught the end of Liverpool v Swansea City on Today FM. As the home side pushed for a winner Dirk Kuyt thought he had scored, only for it to be ruled out by the offside flag. "Ooooooohhh, I don't know about that," piped up Ronnie Whelan " and it's the female official over the far side, too, so let's just see if she's got it right."
CHARLESTON, WV -- Proponents of a bill that would allow consumers to sample liquors at distilled spirits outlets are waiting for the final action needed to implement it -- Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's signature.
I might add that I am not at all in sympathy with protests regarding
A resulting backlash prompted Najib, Malaysia’s prime minister, to set up a parliamentary panel whose eventual report suggested a range of changes to the electoral system.
The more I think about it the more I think my wife has it right especially when it comes to our kids. Make birthdays a big deal, make them special, do something out of the norm and make that child’s birthday feel incredible!!
It’s hard, being a writer. It’s lonely. May you all have such a moment in your future. May there be enough love to go round.
passing situations. Over the course of his career in Raleigh, Manning produced 193 tackles, 27.5 tackles for loss, 10 sacks, nine pass
Poor, poor old place!
As for the States, they are more likely to take some action, but even then you will have to cross your fingers. A good start would be the forced renegotiation of civil service contracts.
Meanwhile, in Greece, the main Right-wing party, New Democracy, went on an arms buying spree when last in power a few years ago, unneeded military hardware paid for with loans. And the rich in Greece don’t pay taxes, in a country with one of Europe’s biggest economic disparities. Government workers are being demonized as the biggest problem in Greece, but it is precisely government workers who can’t evade paying taxes — their employer makes sure of that.
So, I hear you cry, what is the Maidenform underwear actually like?
Blurb: A lively book illustrated with archival photos, Secrets of Lake Simcoe is a valuable addition to local history collections and provides a refreshing way for anyone to view what some consider to be Canada’s sixth Great Lake. At the heart of central Ontario, Lake Simcoe has played an important role in the province’s history for hundreds of years. Today a popular destination for pleasure-seekers and cottagers, it helped open up the region to explorers and fur traders, settlers and entrepreneurs. The lake has secrets aplenty and this book offers a selection of stories of dramatic episodes from the lake’s past. There are shipwrecks, stately resorts, vanished industries, forgotten forts and even murder most foul.
Arriving to Tana Toraja in mid-September is actually a perfect time. It is still peak ceremony season, but most of the tourist hordes have already returned to Western Europe which means foreigners are not tripping over each other to get that perfect shot of an animal carcass. As usual, we first decide to try to find a ceremony ourselves and get there by using public transportation. The guides do want to divulge much to people not rendering their services. There are so many Torajan villages in the area and trying to pin down exact info in Indonesia can sometimes be like channel surfing - 250 options and still not sure if anything is good on TV.
The Icelandic national anthem
When October Ends, by JM Lee, is a novel about a middle school werewolf named Zaina. She grows up on an isolated Island after an environmental disaster has changed the earth and killed off all the humans. Now the earth is inhabited by strange beasts like werewolves and carnivorous butterflies. In this first novel in the series, Zaina begins to transform and become more animalistic. She also learns she is part of a prophecy that predicts she will save the world. Will she for fill her destiny or will the world succumb to an unknown force threatening to destroy everything.
Because one of their leaders, Sheihk Khader Adnan is being held in Administrative Detention by the Israeli government. He has gone on a hunger strike demanding his release. He is currently on day 67, and if we're lucky, he'll reach 70 days and die.
Trying to copy a watercolor from an ancient Victoria Magazine~ Pasteling:) Lucas from an old photo on the beach~ Painting Noah in one of his costumes before he left for a trip.. All our alphabet boys love dressing up~ Trying pastels on new paper..This little nest and one egg..was left abandoned after the mommy left with the other two~ Had to capture it in a way..even though I found it sad~:( I love sitting for just a few moments in peace and quiet w/ painting toys..and TRYING~ So yes..these are a few of my favorite things~If you haven't tried picking up pastels,or watercolors,or crayons,and have some time on your hands,try..you can feel different in a few peaceful moments..it happens.
Amnesty International Canada is calling on the federal government to rescue an Ottawa man facing a five-year prison term in Bahrain after a judge refused to suspend his re-arrest.
Edwards “sat back in his chair and put two fingers to his pursed lips,” the AP said. “As Young dabbed her tears with a tissue, the former U.S. senator glanced at his watch.”
Why then when we got to the Apple Farms in Oak Glen, CA- did they tell us that there were no apples to pick? Turns out that this year due to weather there was not a stellar crop of apples, so it seems that only the first handful of cars that arrive actually get to pick some apples. SO SAD!!!! Not to worry, we turned the day around and made some fresh apple cider! The farm also had u-pick pumpkins, raspberries, strawberries and flowers, however I think we all had our hearts set on the apples.
Another ripped physique is something like New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski. It’s muscular with clear definition, but he doesn’t look like a molded piece of beef jerky where you can see the muscle striations because his body fat is so low. He has more muscle mass than Beckham but is still a highly athletic build. Surely his female friend would describe him as ripped, and pretty much everyone would look at him and think “That’s an athlete!”
For just $9.99 your family can enjoy the “BK™ Family Bundle” which includes a WHOPPER® sandwich, WHOPPER JR.® sandwich., two small fries, two small soft drinks and a Kids Meal.
I have always loved architecture. And at one point in my life, I thought about becoming an architect. But, I realized that I didn't really want to design buildings - I just liked looking at them. I'm the kind of person who will go to a concert in a beautiful music hall and spend the evening staring at the intricate ceiling. Or go to ten open houses - just for inspiration. I just love that stuff.
So I'm naming my dream here, if nowhere else. My dream is to work hard, and for it never to feel like work. I want my work to enrich lives and lift up those around me and, in the end, make the world a little better place than I found it.
SPOILER**
My desire is to always burn with the brightest light–the glory of the Lord encompassing me and completely filling me.
It’s also the easiest, because you’ll be the only one trying.
And to appease the ladies in the front who wanted “happy songs,” we had some of those, too! After many requests, George regaled the crowd with a rousing “Red Rose Café,” taking every minute opportunity to roll as many R’s as could be rolled. He played a fun rendition of “Whiskey in the Jar,” that left the pub laughing and clapping along. Not to be undone by young Keith Harkin (also of Celtic Thunder), George set to work on his own version of Seven Drunken Nights, in which he not only proved that the Derry-born whelp was naught but a R-rolling novice, but that he could do a pretty fine impression of a drunk Ryan Kelly as well. In a few instances.
While there are many great comic creators out there, I have formulated a rule of thumb that for me signifies an outstanding comic creator. For me a truly great comic creator inspires a school of comics, by which I mean a way of producing comics which has its own distinctive methodology ranging far beyond the mere aping of the original creator's style. These are creators who have influenced many other creators and therefore had a lasting effect on the medium.
6 The LORD works righteousness
Prickley Pear is releasing brand new sets of clear stamps with coordinated dies! Both new dies and stamps that coordinates with already existing dies! That way you can get the most out of your stash when buying new!!! :)
Because of the fallen state of our human nature and the influence of the world, we tend to only assess our material and physical circumstances and ignore our spiritual state before God. In essence we find it hard for this word to be a “Rhema” word for us.
The desk actually went out after all the other rooms were emptied, but I had a bunch of things in the space to clear. Mostly it was all mail. That’s when I noticed something shocking. Because of all the floor space that had been lost, my cousin had ran an extension cord to a power strip. After some time the power strip was covered up and he had to run another extension cord to another power strip because you could no longer access any of the outlets on the walls. To my surprise, there was a mass web of power strips and extension cords, 9 in all if I remember correctly. They were all buried under paper and other crap. I lectured him on how much of a fire hazard it was.
The recordings were posted on Fergus' website, and are uploaded with his blessing. I've just collated, tagged and bagged them for ease of use.
They decided to run, good choice. They made their final group skill challenge – Endurance, and got a success. They outran the hook horror and skidded to a halt right outside the hidden chamber. It was amazing, and I threw down the encounter map onto the table. This was the first time of the night we used a map or minis. Right as they caught their breath before going in to examine the secret chamber, the goal of their mission, they were surprised by a completely random legion of skeleton warriors marching past. There were 12 skeleton minions in all. I had to borrow 4 from the DM at the next table who showed me his tacklebox-full before we started and had offered… and I also got to use the 2 Reaper plastic minis I just bought upstairs. The girl was like “I just put those out an hour ago.”
As always, click on the pics for larger versions, if you really want.
‘Lucky Star.’
KEEP THE VISION!!!
Your intelligence is the most remarkable thing you possess. Beauty is incidental to the confidence it gives you.
so let me have a pen and paper in handy
Enlargement-★★★★★
Thank you Ashley! I can't wait to see some of these in the fall...especially since we're neighbors now:)
Grab some selenium from those essential trace minerals, to play many major roles in the body, and we’ll give the human some teeth, so this selenium will help them be healthy. Also, we can make this particular essential trace mineral regulate metabolic rate and be an important immune system supporter.
If only the policemen in our Arab and Islamic countries knew that they are prohibited from killing people who have not committed any crime… Demonstrations take place in all countries throughout the world. How come people are not killed there? How come in our countries alone, people are killed because of peaceful demonstrations? Because we have brought up these soldiers upon a culture of… Not us, but these rulers have brought them up to believe that they are slaves, who must do as they are told. This is a poisonous culture, a culture that leads one astray, a culture that is wrong, which has absolutely no root in Islamic law.
163. Tom Yum Soup @ Thai Spice Cuisine (Doylestown, PA) 12:49 p.m.
2 large eggs, at room temperature
Note to self: Do not wear dark slacks when planning to eat at this Café!
I'm pretty pleased with myself that a full 50% of these books are Australian! Also pretty pleased with the diversity. Fiction. Nonfiction. YA. Picture books. Adult books. Interesting to note that no adult fiction made my list. I hope to remedy that next year. The TBR always looms large.
Although most frequently associated with disease, our microbial hitchhikers help us much more than they harm us. How? By controlling many of the biological processes that are essential to our survival, including the maintenance of our skin and the digestion of our food. Each person’s digestive track alone harbors about three pounds of bacteria.
GoHealthInsurance.com reports that they found 200% improvement in productivity last year after they did away with the old accrued vacations concept. Since HubSpot implemented the policy, the company has been ranked as the #2 fastest-growing software company on the Inc. 500. All these real world examples cannot be aberrations. It is clear that when employees are allowed to act and decide freely about their work environment they seem to actually put in more hours at work.
HEARD: We should be there now, Google Maps said it was just up here…
Less than five minutes
The verse is " I Love being Married... It's great to find that special person you can annoy for the rest of your life!"
Love can reach the lowest den,
Unfortunately, I have not the answer for that myself. But I'm sure we could get a response from Godfrey Ho....
1 teaspoon pepper
*It took the film crew a total of 4 years to make “To the Arctic”, which is only about 45 minutes long. Whew, making an IMAX movie is a ton of work!
Don't get me wrong. The DD is a vital part of a night out with alcohol. No matter what, driving even a little buzzed is something I will never do.
be safe and listen to your local warnings/alerts… links below to monitor the severe outbreak:
those who enter the door
See, the humans are still living in the dark. And because of this they have an insatiable need for light. Humans are capable of projecting their desires onto things that look like the real thing, but are actually a false thing.
With a fist full of BBB coupons and $300 worth of gift cards to Home Depot... I was off.
After stitching the wisteria, I auditioned about three or four shades of light pink silk ribbon for the quince tree flowers, and none of them seemed to do the trick. I imagined something very close to what you can see in this picture bellow:
And monument. We queue to see
to believe in my own hunches...
The other person suddenly lost her mother in October while caring for her husband who died Feb. 29 in hospice. She probably hasn’t even had time to grieve for her mother.
Most people 'freeze' as soon as they feel the lens aimed at them...
I wish them a lifetime of love.
Rise.
Last week I blogged about all of the really cool gift guides that I had discovered.
Directed by Declan O’Brien (Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead (2009), Sharktopus (2010)).
Together, these poems are an imagining of what those final moments were like for Matthew Shepard, written from a variety of perspectives including inanimate objects like the fence he was tied to. It's a heartbreaking work, and great to see for a YA audience, but I did find some of the poems were a little too clever for their own good. I preferred the emotionally raw ones.
I’m at someone’s blog and read an article that totally speaks to me. I hit reblog. I get the option of writing a little intro before hitting send. Now that write-up becomes my next post and is instantly delivered to my followers’ inbox as well. Easy-peasy promo for the fellow blogger and instant content for mine. Awesome, yes? (And on that note, check out the WordPress landing page. Freshly Pressed offers a page of thumbnails to a variety of blogs. Promo from the WP folks themselves to help get your name out there and drive traffic to your site. Ask social media maven Kristen Lamb what making Freshly Pressed did for her blog! Not sure what it takes to get picked but I’m hoping to get there one of these days!)
Hey, give me a break, I was only three when it happened!
and start admitting its own assumptions,
- Curry leaves (karipatta) - a handful
I’m also tired of waiting on BibleGateway to load the page for me to provide the link, and what more it makes for bad devotion. From here on out, I’ll be posting a link to the whole of Matthew 3 at the top of the page where the chapter title is (some of the links are present below, but they cut out toward the end).
Spice gives the illusion of good taste. Not only to bland dishes, but to hide the taste of rotting meat at a time when there were no refrigerators. Perfumes were – and still are - used to hide sweat and other smells. When Elizabeth’s father (Henry V111) was dying, his room was filled with rose-scented water to hide the disgusting smell of his pus-filled leg sores. He had a strong sense of smell, like his daughter. Elizabeth made her servants chew peppermint and thyme to scent their breath.
Guinsoo: No, I mean Narnia. And he’ll go great with the 300 guy.
theatre Saturday
Design consists of the shock absorber pistons, piston fishing rods and tubes. Kmponen aide is within the tube surprise absorber which goes up and down at the moment of impact absorber work. While the conduit is where of the fat shock absorber and as well place for the piston rises and down. And the past is the piston fly fishing line is a rod which connects the piston with the leading conduit (outer tube) on the shock absorber.
Too bad I didn't have room for dessert, but I'm sure it's also exquisite. I believe every San Franciscan should check out the Educated Palate if they're downtown (it's at 4th Street and Mission Street). Go, support our future culinary superstars, and have a delicious, affordable meal (average $5-$10 per dish) during the workweek. You won't regret it.
A good friend of mine is recovering from surgery, so I decided to make her a card to take along when I went to visit her this morning. I used this week's Make It Monday at Papertrey Ink: Coloured Kissing, which turned out to be a little more challenging than I'd thought. I tried several different stamps with this technique, all on one of my beautiful butterflies stamps, but I kept getting a splotchy image. I finally had some success with using a stamp from my Lace Bouquet set...
Neil Gaiman—for everything he ever wrote
YOU.
My kids have some sort of superhuman radar when it comes to locating books about trains. One of the books they insisted on bringing home from the library a while back was Friday's Journey. It just happened to be set in the city, too.
I was driving with Mrs. Cheese at the time and I explained my thoughts to her.
£52 Navy suit (plus extra suit trousers), Primark
Prime Minister: There is nothing that you could say to me now that I could ever believe… I said that to Tony Blair on several occasions. For me there is a mission for this country moving forward – there are big long-term decisions we’ve got to take as a nation. We spend more on cows than the poor. I sense a new spirit in Britain: that the people of Britain want this massive demonstration of my competence to get on with the job to be given enduring purpose. Did I tell you that the Arctic Monkeys really get you up in the morning?
Five seconds into the future, the lunge came, made unwieldy by the torch the Wilder didn't drop. Its arm would swipe across the passage, and if Rel didn't cling on it would throw him against the wall and knock him out. Rel took two of those seconds to measure the difference between going for the Wilder's right and left ankles - the right stood on looser footing, as the creature's attack shifted its weight left - then leaned forward, ready to drop.
30. Your dad must be an awsome baker, because you have rad buns!
This time it was my turn to host this challenge and I would like to see a Springcard or creation. The weather is pretty cold so let's cheer it up with some colorfull cards.
Refills $2.50
The slow cooked scrambled egg in congee had a comfort food element for me that reminded me of that flashback scene in Ratatouille, except the Asian version. I grew up eating plain congee, called mwua in Taiwanese or shee fan in Mandarin. No, I didn't use proper pin yin. Really upscale comfort food is really good.
Finishing the book was no problem even reading it out of order. The storyline held on its own when you got into the plot. I loved Christina’s fiery temperament and longed for her and the Captain to tell each other of their true feelings.
Main character Zipkin goes all Nancy Drew / Psychic / AWESOME trying to get to the bottom of this whole bald crazy people thing. Starkwell and Lovelock were pretty much quietly playing air guitar while watching. As the story continued to unfold, an Zipkin tried to find the meaning of “Blue Sunshine”, they decided that if they started a band, it would be called “Blue Sunshine”.
same as it does you.
The police say that as part of the operation named “Monster” it searched 26 sites in Aracinovo, Suto Orizari, Cair and Cento, all areas in and around Skopje. Over 800 police officers participated in the arrests.
“Meet our newest shield.”
In the same bowl (as to reduce the amount of dirty dishes!) Heat the heavy cream until warm to the touch, but not boiling. (Or again, use a pot and transfer to the bowl.) Add in chocolate chips and stir. At first it'll look like milk chocolate. Keep stirring, suddenly it'll get darker and glossy looking. Add vanilla.
James could be silent no longer. “Master, your niece fell to an Ashen warrior. She died honorably.”
(If they can do that, they can get the people's guns away from them,
He talks about the importance of taking our writing live, how to build a platform, start a blog, and how to reach out to others. What I especially like is how he gives samples at the end of the book of how to write pitches for magazines, guest blog posts, and ideas for established relationships. It is a fantastic book!
I very highly recommend this book! As always, Chris Fabry’s writing is simply outstanding. The story will hook you from the very first page and keeps you glued to the pages until the very end. It’s a family drama, but also so much more. There’s a lot of mystery and suspense along with some great plot twists. The characters are so realistic and they had me on an emotional roller coaster. Through much of this book I wanted to hate Truman, but I just couldn’t help but like him. I loved his humor, and I wanted so badly for him to change. I have been a huge fan of Chris Fabry’s writing for quite a while. Dogwood remains one of my all time favorites. I also loved June Bug and Almost Heaven. I am always extremely excited whenever he comes out with a new book because I know it’s going to be an exceptional read.
It was now necessary to get quarters for the night, but I found, at that advanced hour, that many of the leading hotels were either full or unwilling to supply me with a bedroom and stable combined until the morning. I was refused firmly but civilly at the Grand, the Metropole, the Grosvenor, and the Pig and Whistle Tavern, South East Hackney. At the latter caravanserai, the night-porter (who was busying himself cleaning the pewter pots) suggested that I should go to Bath.
I’m writing an urban fantasy that’s tentatively titled Smoke and Bone. The heroine is a half angel (Nephilim) and she’s up against some serious evil. Luckily, she has an immortal Druid and a badass biker who has escaped from hell on her side. This is my WIP (work-in-progress) at the moment and I’m really excited about it.
Karen Carpenter is sitting behind her keyboard. In front of her is who I assume to be tonight's backing vocalists -
the Didache
So off we went to the shelterbelt to search for a nice stick for my hobo sack. I think we found a walking stick too. She explained to me how I would want to cover myself with leaves and grass at night for warmth and to make sure the stream I drank out of was clean. She warned me to watch out for wild animals and told me to keep to the main roads. She was very laid back about the whole think and even had an enthusiastic gleam in her eye and before I knew it I was loving the imaginary idea of living in the wild and being a hobo. We walked back up to the house to pack up my underwear and socks in one of Dad’s big red bandanas, then we tied it up to the stick. It was so cool. She showed me how to put it over my shoulder. I wish so badly I had a picture of me with that hobo stick. I think she gave me an orange to take for when I got hungry.
From the article the suspected reasons are anything from too much paperwork to not enough reimbursement from Medicare patients. I’m sure depending on your political swing you could try to make a compelling argument that it’s the “new healthcare laws” creating the bureaucracy to scare doctors away (or high taxes against those poor, poor doctors) or as stated bluntly in the article that the lack of a single payer healthcare system places the burden of care on patients’ and on doctors’ shoulders entirely.
When we were children, my brother wood burned this verse, (italics,) into a wall plaque for my grandmother:
Chalmers first point is “A moralist will be unsuccessful in trying to displace his love of the world by reviewing the ills of the world. Misplaced affections need to be replaced by the far greater power of the affection of the gospel.” He points out that love has two conditions that we are to regard. The first is when the object of love is not in our possession and so it is a desire that we have. The second is when the object of love is on our possession and so it becomes indulgence. When we are under the impulse of the first condition, we are urged on a path or are pursuing an activity for our gratification. It can become consuming and crowds our mind with ambition to acquire it. Often in this pursuit, we can become weary and even acquire a distaste for what we are doing, yet the desire is so strong that if not substituted, the chase continues.
Obama: Why are you bringing up the second appointment?
’Tis a large old church at the crossing roads, now an impromptu
In other news, CAMP FREDDY has announced that it has parted ways with Los Angeles' acclaimed Indie 103.1 radio station, which has aired the band's weekly show every Saturday for nearly five years.
The trick–which I’m finding is an ongoing learning process–is to get over it quickly and keep moving, emotionally and physically. The longer I dwell on jealousy, self-deprecation, or frustration, the more likely I am to just sit around on the couch feeling sick and depressed and eating too much. But if I speed through the emotional reaction that has me feeling defeated and immediately focus my attention on something productive, I feel more energized, fulfilled, and optimistic. After I saw that most recent photo of her hotness, I logged out and watched a comedy show with my husband and cleaned out and organized all of our files, a project that I’ve been putting off for weeks. Once I got started, I felt great about getting it done, and I know I burned calories while doing it. I was standing, sitting, stretching out while sorting stacks of folders all over the floor, lifting heavy stacks of folders, and drinking lots of water.
MTTC Design Team
To this day I am still waiting for Good Vibrations to announce their latest African women’s organization partner. Indeed they made profuse promises to me and others that they would replace their support of Clitoraid with support for an organization headed and run by African women who are concerned with the issue of Female Circumcision. We all worked hard to identify potential partners but to this day there has been no announcement. If I were reading this from Good Vibrations, I’d make a move and make an announcement. Clearly the community is watching and waiting…
There are many things that Paul might have gloried in, if he had thought as some do in this day. If ever there was one on earth who had something to boast of in himself, that man was the great apostle of the Gentiles. Now if he did not dare to glory, who shall?
My kids ask me every other day for a dog. I wish I could answer their prayers. I really do. The thing is, I know first hand what owning a furry canine requires. I grew up with dogs all my life. In fact, I don't think there ever was a time when we didn't have one. My mom needed a dog like most of us need to write. They helped her cope.
We feel our personal success to date is maintenance related. We don’t leave things open to chance. Before every crossing we do complete inspections of every critical fitting from underneath the keel to the top level from the mast with the goal of finding the weak link inside the chain before it breaks, and that is not saying we haven’t had to take care of issues that developed notwithstanding our policy. And having said that even some two opposites we never had any doubt in your yachts capacity to go ahead and take abuse.
And I've already been to In N Out burger once - two or three more trips to come!!
I'm sure that you can figure out a way to solve this problem.
Well if you look at the Pennant Parade stamp set you'd think of birthdays & celebrations but I saw a very cool card up on the boards at a recent SU! event I attended & thought that is too cool making Christmas trees with it - the set has a matching punch with it so it makes it quick & easy - 2 of my favourite words!
It appears her general thesis is that girls just need to go to their rooms.
Cameron was also much better outfielder. Cameron played centerfield, and he was an exquisite fielder. Rice played left field, and his defense has been the subject of much discussion -- he was probably a better outfielder than generally viewed at the time, but he certainly did not approach Cameron's defensive class.
Watched NBC TV and visited NBC.com on a computer
Once you make the decision to put a property on the market, you want it to move as soon as possible. Here are some thoughts on going from for sale to sold.
I laugh at myself now but gowd I was getting so frustrated lol
Our meeting was profound for me – I was present and grounded, and most importantly I was held by something I cannot explain. I could speak to and look at him without thinking compulsive thoughts about why he was wrong to reject me, or why we would be right for each other. I could feel my heart beat, I could observe my adoration for him and allow it to be, but my pain was being carried. Not outside of me nor hidden in the recesses of my being, it was just being accepted and met with unconditional love. As a result, I could consciously and lovingly interact with this person, accepting my feelings for him, and therefore accepting him exactly as he was and is.
This humanity—and weakness—was essential to the character. Without it, he’s Superman, only without the gentle, folksy upbringing of Ma and Pa Kent.
- Wears size 2T in clothing - because of her length.
Here's our ShowCASe chosen from those inventive LIMettes who ventured a card for this tricky challenge.
when i returned to my parents house on friday afternoon i decided to tell the princess that i had surgery. she is very well versed in surgeries since she has had two major ones beginning when she was 3 months old. she was such a good little nurse. i wanted to tell her so she understood fully why i was sleeping a lot and moving slow. not sure if it is related or not....but my personal mother's guilt will always link the two....friday night the princess had a 6 hour night terror. it was bad. when a kid has a night terror (which she does have occasionally) they do not wake up nor do they remember it. she just screams, kicks and cries. it is very un-nerving. so my mom and i dealt with that all night. as a result i did not take any pain meds the first night.
Little bit scary.
I’m not a writer. I’m a re-writer.
Walking through it all with the anchor of our family.
Robert H. Mounce, in his commentary on the book of Revelationcontends that, “Good works and pure doctrine are not adequate substitutes for that rich relationship of mutual love shared by those who have experienced for the first time the redemptive love of God.”
Demonstrations took place in other major cities across the world, including Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Istanbul and Hamburg in Germany.
Ashley is deafblind, not just blind. She has medical issues, specifically seizures which can occur anytime day or night. Because of that, she must have someone very close by at all times. And, she must be monitored at night for seizures. The LIFE program would not provide that kind of support.
Self then goes to the lectern and reads the Hart of the Wud passage from early in the book. Before he starts he says Russ had asked him backstage to be sure to do the readings “in the Kentish accent some two thousand years in the future.” The reading is superb: despite seeing Self many times on TV including in unlikely contexts such as Shooting Stars, SA4QE had never really considered him a performer, but he assumes a persona and reads the passage with magnificent menace (and a good accent). Above the applause afterwards Russ can be heard to tell Self the reading was “beautiful”.
But how really harmful are habits? I'm always reminded that I should get rid of habits because they're not good. I was never given a convincing reason for that, though.
My love of paper is my own personal inspiration to make invitations that “wow”, but it truly makes my day when people give me compliments on my work when they receive them; asking if they could keep the invite intact (one had her teenage daughter ask if she could take it to her sleepover to show her friends that weekend!) put me over the top with sheer pride in something I did with my own talent and, of course, quite a bit of help from Laura Hooper & her great team!
but with the waning years and abundant tears did heavy fall…
So, please say a prayer for my girl that she's on the mend soon...I would appreciate it so much! I will do my very best to pay y'all a visit sometime today, but my "nursing job" takes top priority. Have a wonderful day!
Just like the magic box of the "Island", the sideways seemed to utilize the concept of "If you believe it" it can happen.
Everyday I sent her to school, I worry about guns. Drugs.
Schizophrenia is a subject matter that I know very little about. Occasionally someone with schizophrenia will show up in the news (often for the wrong reasons) but its not a illness I know anything about. My only exposure to the illness really are the odd portrayals on TV (normally soap characters).
Taco Bell would NEVER make my list now, but back in 1980, their Tostada was the number one bribe my mother used to get me to do anything unpleasant (chores, Dr. visits, etc.)
11.ROZZLYN RANGERS "Rozzlyn Rangers"
As I work on my book, I’m trying to find what people really enjoy about meditating and mindfulness. I’d love to get feedback from anyone who has thoughts about it.
“After working with the Mayor’s Office of Operations regarding their scorecard cleanliness methodology, I am pleased with the legislation being put forth. The quality of life will be better for everyone in New York City when parking becomes easier and more available,” said Council Member James. “This is good news and should decrease the amount of expensive tickets given to drivers, as well as the hassle of moving cars. Also, I believe that through giving community boards with high cleanliness ratings the option to reduce street cleaning, we are empowering communities to make independent decisions in the best interest of local residents.”
We next find the town gathered around the gallows, Chako and Hex gagged with nooses around their necks. As the mayor rails on about their crimes, Hex for helping a prisoner escape and Chako for raping the mayor's daughter we find Mayleen kicking open the storage room door, grabbing a rifle from the store and rushing to the gallows.
(1807-1882)
Monday, it is here again, well firstly, after yesterday, and a fair few weeks of walking to school and back and various other walks, training in part for the 5km walk for charity, Douglas Macmillan Hospice, Stoke-on-Trent, I got a well-deserved lie in this morning! I had quite a weird dream although I cannot remember it now, it was one of those dreams you want to continue to get to the end to find out the outcome, I remember as much as that and that it was based in Alsager? Very strange!
shall we?
Donald was one of the first people I sat with at
· Complete assignments independently
This is not just a case of America’s ingress into Pakistani media as few months back, ‘The Christian Science Monitor’ not only disclosed connection of an American organisation named ‘America Abroad Media (AAM)’ with two Pakistani journalists, Huma Imtiaz of ‘Express News’ and Awais Saleem of ‘Dunya News’ but also the funding from the organisation whilst working for other news outlets.
The Hiss… The Smell….
Recept: Whom, Sir.
(3) Pause live radio and pick up where the listener left off. Listeners can replay a song or segment with a single click, or skip forward to hear what’s playing next.
Remember “First Understanding,Then Adjustment”
usually come with a gift bag. They match but... not really personal.
I have always had a secret crush on Italy. Not Florence or Rome mind you, but rather the Italy of olive tree covered rolling hillsides and crystal clear, turquoise seas along an undeveloped coastline. Someplace where friendly tratorias serve fish right out of the sea and salads straight from the local campagna. Where the vino bianco is as local as the clientele, and no one, but no one, speaks decent English... if any at all. Hah! You say. Dream on. Well, guess what?
Omi recently had surgery on her foot and while talking on the phone with Ava, she told me that Omi had a pink cast. I asked Ava if she could make sure to take a picture of Omi's pink cast and this is the picture she came back with. Too cute. I guess I should have told Ava it was ok to include Omi and her visiting friends in the picture as well.
She then decided to check the sitting room. When she reached the hallway to the sitting room, Addison could hear voices and now knew where all the people were. She smiled at a few vampires sitting in the hallway but they didn’t recognize her and were all giving her angry looks. They looked like vicious dogs staring at a stranger menacingly from behind a fence, waiting for the moment you crossed their property line so they could tear you apart.
Don't miss out!
Summmmmer time
Me and my brothers went up to Menara Maybank to get a better view of the crowds. From the left side, the Pudu Bus Station, towards on the right heading to Jalan Tun Perak, it’s a sea of people in yellow. Massive! Then around 12.30pm, the crowd lead by Unit Amal Pas, wearing red shirts, moved towards Jalan Tun Perak heading the Dataran Merdeka.
The Make Mom Smile circular will run May 8 through May 13. Grab mom a Somerset Wicker Seating Set for only $399! That’s over $100 savings! And make sure to pick her up some beautiful 10″ Color Flower Bowls or Hanging Baskets for only $9.99! Lastly, don’t forget to snag a special offer from Bona! Buy a Hardwood Floor Mop, and get a Cleaning Pad FREE!
If you are interested in one particular profession, job shadowing seems like a really great idea to me.
Okay, my rant is over for the moment.
The most disciplined person is still undisciplined; they are just disciplined one second longer than anyone else!
So that's the first meal attacked successfully. Next I will attack lunch, where there is currently far too much bread being consumed!!
Hello again! We have been busy busy and are happy to announce that the PNW Blogger Meet Up tickets will be up for sale on Monday, April 2nd at 7:30 AM (Pacific Standard Time). I wanted to give you all a nice heads up so you are ready when they go up for sale on Monday. We will have 50 tickets for sale and have had a TON of emails and interest in the event. Which, is so exciting. I love meeting new bloggers (and, seeing old blogger friends too)!
“Ted Baillieu is not just a ‘do nothing’ Premier, he is taking Victoria backwards at a rate of knots.”
You see, we read the same word two verses later when Jesus declares, “It is finished,” that is, “It is tetelestai.”
The house at the far side of the close is dark and cool. An elderly woman meets us at the door. What light there is from the broad kitchen window behind her reflects dully on her greying hair.
We looked into the pit prepared to take her---
Aware of the suffering created by fanaticism and intolerance, we are determined not to be idolatrous about or bound to any doctrine, theory, or ideology, even Buddhist ones. Buddhist teachings are guiding means to help us learn to look deeply and to develop our understanding and compassion. They are not doctrines to fight, kill, or die for.
Writing and editing always go hand in hand and they are equally important. You will also go back and forth between writing one story and editing another but make sure the lines between them do not get blurred. Make sure that you do not get so sidetracked by getting that novel done and polished and perfect that you forget to write NEW WORDS.
Here I like the shape the skirt has before I jump, the beautiful billowing. The fabric was made to be this skirt. It's actually a sheet, I think. I got the material for free from the campus recycling resource center. I might head back over there once fall session starts and see if they're still stalking the fabric there. They were talking about giving the fabric back to the Salvation Army since it was just there.
‘Ollie, look what’s happening – the iPod is sucking me in!’ Sure enough, the whirling, swirling click wheel was slowly pulling what was left of Rory into its vortex as the track came to an end. Ollie stared. He stared at the iPod, then at the space where Rory had been, then at the iPod again. It didn’t help, and another track was coming up – ‘Oliver’s Army’. Ollie froze; supposing the iPod was turning everyone into tracks on some evil cosmic playlist. Supposing he was next! Well, no digital creepoid fruitoid alien iThing was going to turn him into a rubbish download for lizard geeks who probably tucked their ties into their pants. He needed a weapon. Ollie investigated his pockets for tools, paperclips, bits of blue tack, anything. Aha – his sonic screwdriver! He clicked it on, the LEDs lit up, and it whirred and swivelled around at the end. He was ready. But just as he was about to stick it into the vortex, where he reckoned it would mess with that freaky, swirly, hoovery thing going on, Ollie remembered Amy’s message about the dead banana. He didn’t know why, but he thought this might be a good time to take an adult seriously, even when the instructions sounded barking bonkers mad. She had insisted on a banana; and a dead one at that. But where, in this four-year-old’s-bedroom-on-a-bad-day steampunk flight deck would the ‘Dead Banana – Emergency Deployment For The Use Of’ box be located? Ollie could feel something sucking at his legs, unravelling his insides, pulling on his arms, and probing at his brain with space-cold tendrils. His hands began to fade and look ghostly, and he started to feel sick as the whirling, swirling vortex drew his innards towards the purple and green glowing click wheel. Bent almost double, Ollie suddenly spotted it – the banana! The ‘not-a-sonic’ banana! The DEAD-banana-with-the-fruit-flies his mother had dropped when she vanished into the Pandorica! He pounced on it – skin on or off, he wondered? Did it matter? No time to worry – he plugged it, blunt end first, into the vortex.
I decided to make a few to have around for myself and a few to sell on my online shops.
Black Sea Rotational Force 2012 began its half-year-long deployment in Georgia by joining Agile Spirit 2012 in March at the Vaziani Training Area where the last Cooperative Longbow/Lancer exercises took place. Serbia may host its first military exercises with the force as well.
Discussion is a potentially good thing. The sharing of ideas can lead to growth, understanding and mutual respect.
I’ll happily admit that, if it does turn out that I have some divine being to thank for all that’s good in my life, then I have a lot to be grateful for. But whether or not his latest work deserves any five-star reviews is a different matter entirely from whether this earns him the right to be petulant about getting the credit for it. Even if he were real, I’d have no interest in bowing and scraping to a god immature enough to throw a strop and eternally condemn anyone who dares to be unimpressed by his magnum opus.
15. iPhone.
At this point after the grating process, you have two options: drain all the liquid out of the mixture from grating by pressing the mixture down in a large colander. Then continue with adding remaining ingredients to the drained mixture in a large bowl.
Album: 50 Words For Snow
I'm back on Ancestry.ca again. I've still got a few hours before that bus comes!
This is the only picture I have of her in her factory uniform, and as she married in 1918, she never went out to work again. Men returned from the war and took back the jobs which women had filled in their absence. Women who had been carrying out skilled labour, and filling many vital roles, returned to more menial tasks, or became housewives and mothers.
And this is the problem with the way the law is written, because it is full of vague words like “reasonable” and “adequate”. What is reasonable? What is adequate? How long is a piece of string?
Agunga,R. 2006. The Heterophily Gap: In Gumucio-Dragon, A. and Tufte, J. eds. Communication for Social Change Consortium: 381-388.
I hate this old place
They don’t have to go to “Youth Rallies” to be told this, it’s all they hear all the time because it is an ongoing part of the indoctrination strategy that the ANC has inherited from the communists and implemented with absolute results.
Believe it or not, exercise is one of the only thing that makes me feel better. Your mind is part of your body, and so pressing the body into movement helps move the mind out of the darkest places, and pushing your mind into your body which moves into another plane of pleasure and pain. There is no space for depression in the body. If you're dealing with depression and haven't tried exercising, please try it, just for a week.
“What did you have?”
They can do all kinds of things. The Boy, for instance, knows how to lock doors. Lots of them. He knows how to turn the volume up on the TV when the ending credits start when watching movies. Then he has a little jam session to the music. Little Miss can turn the TV on and off. She can throw loads of stuff in the garbage can when asked. She can even empty the dishwasher. Clean or dirty.
Ethnicity, race, gender, class. One more box to check: the young. Just four years ago, they swooned in the aisles for Obama. No longer. Not when 54 percent of college graduates under 25 are unemployed or underemployed.
I had already tried Leigh's sausage rolls a few days after she posted the recipe as a sneak peek. I've been a big fan of the where's the beef sausage roll recipe for a long time and love how simple it is to put the filling together, the only problem is that it's not suitable for people with nut allergies. This was the first vegan sausage roll recipe I was attracted to that didn't contain nuts so I had to try it. Even though they took considerably longer to make, it was worth the effort as they tasted fantastic and entirely different to ones we are so used to.
For those few months that I was immobilized in bed, I felt like the whale was taking over. I saw a blue light almost constantly, like a sphere that hovered over things, around things and within my inner eye as I closed my eyelids. I was being held by a blue bubble of light.
- Joe Lovano: saxophone ténor
Hey Jimmy, you should market an exercise video, “The Jim Labriola Ab Workout: Laugh Your Way to Great Abs”.
Hello everyone. Happy Halloween to you all! I want to share a sofa table I made a few weeks ago. Remember me telling you that we recently built a shop and there was wood left over-(a dream come true). Well I was lookiing in a PB magazine and saw this chunky sofa table and loved it but not the price so I made my own. Excuse that there is no hardware on the "drawers" (my faux drawers) yet but I haven't found any I really like yet.
Selected in 1887 by Alfred Amos of Spring Grove, Wye from a garden of Bramlings.
The sound of a marble bouncing down the stairs might not wake a person up the first time it happens, but when a cat carries the marble and drops it seven times, a person has to pay attention.
Compared to Android, its gorgeous interface, is no contest.
Weekend is around the corner, if you havent already planned making the ultimate Eggs on Rösti, this one is another great breakfast idea you might like to try. Look at the cakey texture people, arent they making you feel like digging in right away?????
Boy I am really behind on updating our blog! SO much has been going on that I haven't had time to put new pictures and stories up here. The biggest change lately is that I'm back to work! I am doing my school psychology internship in two districts, each about and hour away so I've been really busy. I started last week on August 15th! The girls are going to daycare/preschool in the morning then my mom is picking them up after lunch and they are napping and spending the afternoon at her house. I am really happy that the girls are adjusting well to mommy being away all day. I had them start going to daycare/preschool in the mornings a couple weeks ago so they (mostly Reghan) would slowly get used to me being gone. They are both doing really well there. Reghan's teacher in the baby room, Miss Vicki, says she is such a happy baby and gets along really well with her and the other teacher.
Before we start this week's challenge, want to point out a few changes we are making here at One Stitch At A Time...
I’m very impressed with the quality of Miyuki beads. There was only one unusable bead in the entire tube.
The third tier, or the remaining “doctrines” are topics that are up for discussion, but in no way should threaten the fellowship among the gatherers. To me this is areas of old earth/young earth, or eschatology views, or areas of Calvinism versus Arminianism.
But as I discovered in researching my new book on good news in sustainable food, small producers have one magical ace up their sleeve, a tool that could provide a far greater advantage to locally oriented growers than to big nationally focused ones: the Internet. Smart use of the Web can shift the focus of food retail away from industrial suppliers and toward those in the position to offer on-demand delivery of the freshest food around.
We're going to pick two of these photos to have our guests sign at the wedding, and then put up in our house!
In terms of my sexual attractions, genitalia has never been a big thing for me, I don’t really care much either way what someone has down there. I’m really attracted to femme women, butch women, genderqueer/nonbinary people of all expressions, and fem men. The thing that makes my use of the term fag questionable is that I really am an mtf transsexual. If there were an option that didn’t involve expensive, complicated, and health endangering surgery, I would totally want a normative FAAB body. I want that so bad it hurts. Right now I just have a very androgynous body from being MAAB and being on hormones for the past 4 years. It’s frustrating having the body I was born into. At the same time, it’s liberating being able to pass as one binary gender or the other depending on what clothes I wear, or how I cut my hair. Not everyone who is genderqueer is able to pass as androgynous, I suppose that’s a passing privilege in itself (at least within queer communities).
The members of our merry dining crew have all been terribly spoilt by the generosity of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin'. Our original aim was to rotate as hosts for roving dinner parties, but lately it's all been about Chez Pig. Pig Flyin cooks with such selfless generosity and unparalleled effort that we can never resist another invite. And it always beggars belief that Pig Flyin' is an entirely self-taught cook who works in IT.
Bake the loaves in the centre of the oven at 180degrees for 25 minutes when they come out they should be golden brown and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. If not give them another 10 mins.
My policy is that I will always email the guy to let him know if I’m interested or not.
Review by Mustafa Ali Jafri.
2 appreciate
But in reality opening up shares in SEOs or contracting out provision of state funded services is just the Trojan horse approach to a wholesale sell-off of public assets to international bankers and pension funds or Multinational providers who already own and control most of the former public assets.
I spied this incredibly sweet little tree while browsing in one of our local cheapy shops earlier this week, at the bargain price of $2. I just could not resist its sweetness!!
Dinner was at Pedra Alta, a Portuguese restaurant in Boulogne. It was delicious. In my city back home there are many Portuguese restaurants and the food is wonderful. I like it much better than French food. There were 7 of us and we ordered food for 8 people. We had fish, steak, pork, veal, and shrimp, plus loads of vegetables, french fries and rice. There was only a little leftovers (haha).
Ask, grasp, wasp, and cork and work.
I will post the winning teams and scores prior to the start of each game.
A final word -- well, many words -- about shirt fabric:
These are dark times we are in, and by dark, I mean the dark walnut brown leathery mess pictured above. Patricia Krentcil is the, crazier than a shit house rat, New Jersey broad who has been charged with child endangerment, for taking her kid into a tanning booth, which allegedly resulted in the young spawn getting skin burns. Patty cakes Krentcil denies she did any such thing. Her defense is the following quote, "They're jealous, they're fat and they're ugly". They, being everyone in America. Nuff said, the defense rests. Look, I don't want to be a hypocrite, I used the tanning booths myself, not for a few years, but there was a time when I tried to hide the fact that I was so white I made Casper look like a Swahili. I've since come to embrace my whiter shade of pale, but when I was tanning I didn't do like this jersey broad, who must stuff one of those turkey thermometers up her bidness and not come out until the little blue "it's done" indicator pops up. Hell, I even wore a sock over my unit so as not to burn my frank and beans. It was a tube sock, in case you were wondering. One of those over the knee jobs with the stripes up top, like your dad wears with his red sansabelt coach shorts. As for Ms. Krentcil, the state should take her kid, and remove her uterus with with a pair of pliers and a blowtorch. There's no tube sock big enough to cover up that much dumb and ugly. I could riff on this walking beef jerky all day, but I've got other fish to fry.
Corpus by Michael Symmons Roberts
We unload our green and red fold-up chairs and sit down for a brew. Danny smokes his catch directly in the fire – a tiger trout! It is too delicious, and I tell the fish thank you for the great dinner.
Building a minky quilt is messy work. I ended up using the entire can of adhesive.
Lisa graduated a year behind me in high school. Lisa is about to graduate from college this week. I want to share how she described it:
Given the confluence of obesity with race, poverty and lack of education, could there be a luckier way for elitist racist eugenicists to be rid of so many groups repugnant to them at the same time, than for a flu to kill fat people?
it's a long weekend, (for most of us--yay!) and i for one am grateful to be able to sleep in tomorrow!
Yesterday, I taught Tim, Bethany, Abdu, Joan and a man named Hagi, more about engines using a chalk board to draw out diagrams. I also continued to work on the engine that was missing a gasket but it has no compression. I can’t determine where it is leaking compression without an air compressor, so we’re going to have to figure out a way to hook some compressed air up to a tank. It may be a while before we have something though. Afterwards, Abdu and I watched another movie. Then dinner time came and I spent the evening with the Lokkers.
As a response to the complaints of stops closure, Stagecoach said: “The stop of Glossop Road is closed because of a stone wall falling. Any large vehicles are not allowed in this area.”
A few other details:
So this past weekend I felt the pull of summer sun and wandered down Fulton Street...
I know you're all probably tired of my Disney vacay but it's the last day...I promise!!! We loaded the kids up and headed to Hollywood Studios after checking out of the hotel (keep that in the back of your mind). Remember when it used to be called MGM? Now it's Hollywood Studios. I was confused for months about what this Hollywood Studios place was. Anyone know why the name changed anyways???
Simple right? Right.
Muslims are no longer welcome. So says the Independent. Get real guys. They were never welcome by those who had learned the horror of Islam from history. They were never welcome by those concerned with the flooding of Our Towns, Cities and Country with colonisers and now they are no longer welcome by the awakening True British People.
Our April Ale Stars session saw us sampling the delights of sour ales, for which we were lucky to have the company of Karl Van Buuren of Moon Dog Brewing.
Lena Horne, Dorothy Dandridge, and Ella Fitzgerald. All of them were solid gold.
At her husband’s prompting, suburban mom and New York career woman Susan McCorkindale agreed to give up her stressful six-figure job. Together, they headed down south to a 500-acre beef cattle farm, and never looked back. Well, he didn’t look back. She did. A lot.
I’m compiling a list of suspects. The first name that jumped 2 mind was GoDaddy.com whose previous cyber attacks on me where designed 2 Snuff out my small business enterprise. GoDaddy.com may have sleeper cells in Japan now. I must warn Yoshihiko Noda
“It is attritional cricket that is going to win this game … As it was very attritional, it doubles the effort required to get to 154-1,”
This is the side of benefits you don’t see in the media very often. Maybe this will change. Who knows?!
However, I didn’t leave WoW for TOR because I hated WoW, or think the game is dying or doomed, or have some personal vendetta against Ghostcrawler. I left it because at the moment, I didn’t have anything to do. I just wanted to do something different. Does that somehow place me firmly in the camp of a diehard TOR-ite? TOR’s great and all, but I would hardly call it perfect. It is improving and the team working on it seems completely interested in improving that experience for everyone. When it boils down to it, I really do enjoy both games. So why do I feel shame about missing WoW sometimes?
The breastfeeding support alone will require some kind of investment on the part of childcare facilities, so the breast milk can be properly and safely stored and used.
Hey guys. Now I know and I am convinced I am hooked on mini's. I can't seem to want to work on anything else but minis. I am having a great time creating them. I love how much I can embellish them, yet have enough room for photos.
Angry Easter Bunny
Skate forever.
2 1/2 cups cake flour
· Energy economics
I believe Fulford is correct in saying that the “good guys” in the Pentagon did this themselves – to stop the genocide from taking place.
d) Almond - Thought of as the classical nail shape the nail is filed away at the sides and softly pointed at the tip. This shape is not very strong and if the nail is damaged some of the length will have to be filed away to rectify. Although attractive, this shape does not allow nails to grow to their maximum length, if this is what is desired.
Face packs consume 15 minutes of my day every week, and I look like a scary green monster with it on. So what shall I do with 15 minutes without moving a single facial muscle? How about I read some blogs? Bad idea, Miss Four Eyes is nearly blind without her glasses, and blogs make her laugh creating cracks in the monster makeup thereby making her scarier. (My dog saw me like that once, she barked and ran away)
And I'm lucky that you're mine
Order Credit Report: 1.800.685.1111
10:30 AM: Getting dressed to take on the day brings a whole slew of problems. Given that it is allergy season, I have decided tissues are exempt from my anti-single use disposable quest. Maybe I should have invested in a handkerchief…
We were running out of sunlight so we decided to head back to our cottage and indulge on the food that we ordered. It wasn’t a lot but it was enough to satisfy our cravings.
radioactive waste exists. This highly hazardous waste must be stored safely for hundreds of thousands of years.
and you think of far lands you journeyed,
Social media is taking over many aspects of promotion and marketing and social media sales or sales through social media presence is a major part of most businesses revenue streams.
And I know it may sound petty, but can I just mention the sugar. It probably takes my household a month or more to go through a 5 lb bag of sugar . The first week they were here, between the 2 of them, they ate 7 lbs of sugar. Um, OK. So I do my Saturday food shopping and get another 5lb bag. By Tuesday it was GONE and I had to get more. Before the next Saturday came around, that bag was gone too! So husband went and bought a 25 lb bag, threw it up on the counter, and told them "I got a present for you!" Who the fuck goes through 10 lbs of sugar in a week? Maybe a heroin addict, trying to deal with detox?
I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm not your average Joe on the block (or suzy on the street in my case). I want something so crazy and fun.that we both will enjoy it not just the average guy puts the whole day for the girl.
Groza means "the horror" in Polish.
The darkness brightens up and on stage bound The Sex Pistols. It is January 14th 1978, Winterland Garden, San Francisco. The Sex Pistols, on their first major US tour, play their set. Songs like God Save the Queen, Anarchy in the USA, Bodies, Holidays in the Sun and Pretty Vacant are blasted out. Contempt is in the eyes of Johnny Rotten, Sid Vicious is totally wasted and later revealed his bass wasn't plugged in. The band play a tight a restrictive set which lasts just over 45 minutes. The encore is the son No Fun, which from the look of the band was how they thought of the concert. The song finishes and Johnny ends with the lingering words "Ever get the feeling you've been cheated...Ha Ha". The rest is history. The following morning the band more or less officially split, and for punk the same was true. When the Sex Pistols died, punk was not far behind. Buy this cassette as it is a priceless record of the only true punk band, all be it in their death throws. Videos such as this one and the film The Great Rock 'N' Roll Swindle should keep die hard fans satisfied until The Filth and the Fury is released.
How do you fight this or manage it on your own? How do you keep your grasp on the safety areas of your box – where they are, how far to get to them, and knowing that you could be close to getting to far out of reach and landing in a draught of sitting in dark rooms and living on less than lively thoughts?
“Two thumbs up to Ms. Sawyer for bringing readers a compelling story about love, life and the hard decisions that everyone has had to face at one time or another.” — Jasmine, Whipped Cream Romance Reviews
1 (3 ounce) box of any flavor sugar-free Jello
150 g plain flour
You can also check Flickr for photos from the Sorghum General Session, the trade show, and other events at Commodity Classic.
General comment: These sushi and rolls were all quite nice, not your typical “all-you-can-eat” stuff. Some years ago, one restaurant used a machine to form the sushi rice, that was horrible. Fortunately, they aren’t in business anymore. And some all-you-can eat places put way too much rice on the sushi, as if to try to stuff you full first. Now the following are my ratings for the Nigiri sushi and rolls.
I purchased his own set of tupperware, plates/cups/bowls.
if you follow me on instagram you may have noticed a trend amongst my insta-feed...headless outfit of the day shots featuring everything below my facial region. i find it somewhat humorous that these tend to be my most liked insta-shots which poses an important question...is there something wrong with my face?
How one we grow,
Patiently
I am pulling every trick in the book out of my hat. Part of me thinks that maybe this is my natural weight because I have been at for almost a year now. And part of me thinks that if others did it then I can too! Why won't the last 30 pounds just GO?
Maisa: I’m sorry, madam, but patience is not a virtue that I possess. Imtithal should learn to control her emotions. I mean, she cries about everything! When she wakes up, she cries because the sun looks to happy and bright, but when she sleeps, she cries because the moon looks gloomy and lifeless. She must be insane, Ms. Anwaar, for I cannot think of another reason for her actions.
Our VP of Design at work exclaimed 'I love your boots! They look like Cosplay boots!' which is...nice, I guess. Right? They are amazingly comfortable and warm, just what a wet Friday requires. They looked a bit..interesting with my dress but I rolled with it.
And so do I;
“Hamburgers are my favorite food,” Ella smiled.
This time the Chateau Lake Louise had its first ice castle sculpture of the year, planted at the lake edge where skaters swirled around it. In a few weeks, there will be more ice sculptures to draw more visitors until the icy creations melt down.
I was making lots of cupcakes that day and wasn't sure what cake flavor would taste best so I did half of them lemon cake and half rainbow chip. I liked both, but I think they were best with the rainbow chip (or white). Others who were there can also weigh in if you like! Heat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare cake batter as directed on package and put in the fridge while you prepare the filling.
Hickam’s novel, “Rocket Boys,” is about those experiences and growing up in Coalwood. The book was adapted into the 1999 movie “October Sky.”
So, as humans we are playing gods over everything and everybody what is in the realm of our power. If it is so, we have to assume there is another realm over us where we, the humans, are subjects of influence of somebody or something what demands from us something and guides us somewhere. And if we, the humans, want our life to be purposeful, relatively secure and fulfilling we have to understand the demands, guidance and regulations of this something or somebody above us – the True One God. We have to identify ourselves with this power and its realm to become an integral individual part of this realm, and that’s another important trait of Jewish self-identification.
Now all that leaves is some cake baking on Sunday for the afternoon tea planned at the in-laws.
What matters is what individuals decide sex means to them. It means...well, next to nothing to me. It means a lot more to most people, but less to some. It doesn't matter what it means to anyone except the person making the choice, or at least it shouldn't. No one else has the right to tell you what to do with your body and your sexual expression. Not school, not your boy/girlfriend, not the Pope, not God, not even your mom.
The wrestle, the wrestling you see
I'm upset mostly about the animals. They're suffering for many reasons: not enough water, not enough food because there's not enough water, construction destroying where they once lived, people moving into their habitat. Just in the last month, we've noticed flocks of pigeons have moved into this neighborhood. We've never had pigeons here before, and now they're everywhere, looking for food and water. And pets are suffering: people move here with animals but can't find a place to live, never mind a fenced-in yard. Because the department of animal control is so short-handed--They've Gone to The Oil Field--people know that they probably won't get ticketed for letting their dogs run loose, so our neighborhood, for instance, which for years had no loose dogs, is now populated by gangs of roving Chihuahua mixes--small, skitzy, yappy dogs that dart into and out of the street and through yards, barking at everything, defecating everywhere, narrowly escaping the huge trucks speeding up and down the once-quiet street--and bad-tempered pit bull-ish dogs. Twice in the past week I've seen little dogs racing behind a speeding truck, trying to catch up to their oblivious people. Last weekend I watched in horror as one dog sped blindly after the truck, into traffic and through traffic. I thought he was going to make it across the street, but the car behind me ran over him, thoroughly and totally. Nobody even slowed down--the streets, once slow and quiet, are filled with huge speeding trucks, hot, tired, overworked people driving trucks for which they paid cash and with which they demonstrate their hard-won-but-perhaps-fleeting economic success. It's dangerous even to drive there, never mind trying to stop and get out to help a dying animal.
Sheesh...a week to go and I'm no where near prepared for SXSW this year.
And it was worth it.
with my eyes closed, we are bound to each other
I love the color pink. I love hearts and girly things. I love eating by candlelight or next to a fire.
Tuesday was EXTRA RECESS! Tuesday was supposed to be a different activity... but last minute my principal wanted our first grade team to attend a workshop about transitioning to the Common Core Standards. So I moved Friday's activity to Tuesday since it could be done with my sub. Since I wasn't there, I didn't get any pictures... but I'm sure they had an awesome time!
Mind you, it looks like some of us attending Youngest's Stag Do in June may have just acquired tickets for a World Cup Game. Not an England one obviously, 'cos that would be chock full of the usual suspects and, after the England v Licheinstein game at Old Trafford, I'll never bother with attending a live England game again.
It's not always easy to decide what needs to go. Tapestry weaving, for example -- there is a lot I could do there, plenty of ideas that sprang to mind as I worked through a sampler and learned how to bubble and tie butterflies. But I know my heart is in functional cloth, for home textiles and clothing. So I use that knowledge of myself to create a space and a set of tools that enable it. The tapestry looms need to go to an artist making tapestries -- gorgeous works of art that enrich all of us with their vision.
Joseph Campbell, the hero of a thousand faces. It’s all about the hero dying for a cause greater than himself. And that’s what Joe says, “every song, every movie, every everything is about that.” That’s what we see in life all the time, people die, but then they’re reborn in their children and their grandchildren and the buildings they make and the movies they make… so it’s a resonant message. So every religion in essence is about that.
Took held breath from my yesterdays
PLUSES - I love the caps on the front. It is surprising that this is the only set (that comes to mind anyway) that uses that as a design element. The back is crisp and very readable. I like the dual cartoons at the bottom as well.
For stuctured support with personal Buddies that will guide you into becoming the best you can be within your relationship with yourself and another sign for the Agreement Course
87. Killed and prepared an animal for eating (presuming a fish counts)
8 Provides her supplies in the summer, And gathers her food in the harvest.
2:
Super Baladin -- better than French beer
Isa51:10, Isa41:10-14
Ten years have passed since The New Age was launched and in this brief span of time the world in which we live has been shaken and shocked, torn and devastated; ravaged and bled as never before in its history. Every page of the record capitalism has made in that time has been written in the blood of its slaughtered victims. All previous wars were crude and dismal failures in point of slaughter as a science and destruction as a fine art compared to the Twentieth Century World War under the Christian Capitalist Competitive System. All the modern ingenuity the world afforded, all the arts and sciences in its command were employed in the highly Christianized and civilized undertaking to blow the earth to atoms, destroy everything in sight, and slaughter all mankind, save alone the international bankers and profiteer and their hireling slaves.
Well. The two hour premiere and return of Mad Men did not disappoint. The slow pace, sidelong glances, sexy and sexist repartee, the sets, the clothes, the booze, the smoking, and catching up with our favorite characters to see what they've been doing for the last two years, well that two hours just floated by.
The Smiths – There’s a Light That Never Goes Out; Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want
Tea Rat: You too, old friend.
A woman with pink hair is so loud I decide to leave. As I walk out, her eyes catch mine, and I imagine we could be friends.
“Here, luv. What is it?”
I tug my beard with respect at Joke Mail - for his sense of environmentalism – rather than waste resources on something new, he is busily recycling old jokes.
What do we gain from those strong words? Any gospel that is different than that which Paul received of the Lord is false and is to be rejected. Paul’s testimony concerning Jesus Christ is the “one faith” as singled out in Ephesians 4:5.
Piling sheaves in uplands airy,
So much more happened during that trip and it would take forever to fully detail it all. So I’ll end on two things: I was listening to my iPod on the way back to Reykjavik from the South Coast and Jokurlsarlon Glacial Lagoon tour when Beyonce’s “I Was Here” came on. As of that time, I’d seen an active geysir, a volcanic crater, four waterfalls and five humpback whales. I’d ridden an Icelandic horse, a horse so unique and specific to the country that interbreeding isn’t allowed and once one leaves Iceland, it can never come back. I’d ridden on a boat through a glacial lagoon and left my footprints on black sand at the beach in Vik. I’d also had several cups of great hot chocolate and eaten amazing food. I was so content to be where I was and so grateful that I was able to make the trip. And then on cue, Beyonce’s voice came: “I was here. I lived, I loved. I was here. I did, I’ve done everything that I wanted and it was more than I thought it would be”. And I smiled because I couldn’t have said it any better. I got an opportunity to live a little and to love myself during my trip and I wouldn’t trade it for the world..
One of the awkward things about being the child of divorced parents is the extended family. I've never got on with my stepdad's sons and their families. But my mum and sister do and yesterday we were the only ones left out of Christmas Dinner at my stepbrother's.
How about love?
My epigraph I think. I'll have to write and ask his permission.
More people find people not wearing underwear offensive than you'd think. Or maybe not.
Gerald’s world swam - he staggered backwards his life flashing before him. Years of misery…all caused by…her! The grousing fishwife he’d hoped he’d escaped forever. Even the position of God of Utterly No Consequence had been appealing by comparison - better than a life with her – Cora, hatchling of Hades.
And that lack of an answer is indicative of my greatest issue with Cube. It’s Groundhog Day for the terminal cynic. I don’t need omniscience but — at the very least — I want to know why. Why build the Cube? Why imprison these people? Why help them . . . or kill them? The movie does a good job of showing what and how, such a good job in fact that I doubt I’ll need to rewatch it any time soon.
You will have until Sunday, November 13th to hop and comment, and the winner will be announced on Monday, November 14th at http://www.die-cut-diva.blogspot.com/.
* 2 eggs
While crust is cooling, combine cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla with mixer, until smooth.
And once Michelle and I had our girls, she gave it her all to balance raising a family and pursuing a career. And something that, could be very difficult on her, because I was gone a lot. Once I was in the state legislature, I was teaching, I was practicing law, I’d be traveling. And we didn’t have the luxury for her not to work. And I know when she was with the girls she’d feel guilty that she wasn’t giving enough time to her work, and when she was at work, she was feeling guilty she wasn’t giving enough time for the girls. And like many of you, we both wish there were machines that could let us be in two places at once.”
Me: Actually, it was a bag of stained, torn shirts and old socks and underwear and probably some household trash as well! I am sure Goodwill appreciates those. I told you it was trash...why must you second guess me?
their coats, called teachers by their first names, and the different
The results will make you feel nauseous or fall into convulsions. Subjects highlighted include:
For Lewis, reading was first and foremost about pleasure. If you like something, read it and don’t be ashamed. If you don’t read it, don’t let the social elites pressure you into reading it or feeling somehow inferior because you couldn’t force yourself to like the books they like. So I will not tell you what to read.
WTF = walking then faint
I have felt so unsettled this year. I started off the year with the seed of a possibility of moving, which grew and grew, and we readied our home for sale by painting and boxing up belongings. Then we moved and have been in temporary housing since July. I feel dislodged, without a nest to feather. My home is not my refuge. I would like to get into my new house (looks like we'll close mid February!) and make it my home. I also only did one show in 2010, and the lack of that creative outlet has been really difficult. I hope to have more theatre in my life in 2011. I also want more confidence. I feel shaken after this move... unsure and unsettled and without not only a home, but a PLACE... and my confidence has plummeted.
I learned technical things like how people can find me more easily, how I need to use multiple skills and to develop personal branding.
The Hardness In A Hoarder’s Life
I just know we have to do what so many of us do...pick ourselves up and move forward. That is what parents of sick children do..whatever it takes.
Most importantly, for those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in keeping this nation free ….
1:00-1:15pm- Welcome to the “Plan Bee Swarm Catchers Training Session
After the rally hundreds of protesters entered the Moscow metro where they continued their rampage, beating and stabbing passersby from Central Asia and the Caucasus, Russia's troubled, mainly Muslim, southern region. A Kyrgyz man was attacked by 15 people and stabbed to death. One central Asian man was reported to have died in hospital from his injuries following the riot, but officials have declined to comment. More than 20 people were taken to hospital. Video images showed several men from Central Asia and the Caucasus walking dazed with bloody faces.
Customization is pretty self-explanatory—you have so many options, not just in the beginning, but at any point of the game. Even before you start, you have the objective of selecting two important features of your character: race and class. At the moment there are 10 races, with five on the Alliance (Humans, Dwarfs, Gnomes, Night Elves, Draenei) and five on the Horde (Orcs, Trolls, Tauren, Undead, Blood Elves). There are also 10 classes, and this choice will have a huge impact on your gameplay. Now, not each race and class combination is available, but there are still a great number of options available even before you start the game. Oh, and within each race, you can customize your appearance.
We’re living our lives in interesting times
Thanks for looking! Susie
shall have us
Oh won a Golden Globe award for Best Supporting Actress in a Series for her role in Grey’s Anatomy in 2006. Oh’s also had a number of film roles including critically-acclaimed films Sideways and Hard Candy. She first gained notice in the HBO cable series Alri$$.
But it did turn out tasty. It did fill my belly and my heart. It was vegan Here’s how I made it.
The writer in question is, to me at least, an unknown. A nobody. The name John L. Beiswenger doesn’t ring any bells and if you do a search on him, you might find that his book, Link, bears a rather bland cover with a tagline that gives me a headache whenever read it. The writing featured in Amazon’s preview leaves a fair bit to be desired. That said, though, the offending first few paragraphs appear to be written as if the protagonist was writing a report (and we can’t expect all fictional characters to be master scribes) and the writing seems to improve after that, but suddenly it skips to the next chapter and blurts out a load of technical backstory, which is not enough to get any real opinion on it. Truth be told, I don’t think I want to blow £28 on the sole used copy available. If I can find an ebook edition cheaply enough I might give it an honest gander, but I think I’ll pass.
Is the bitter sting of tears
Life is not a movie.
First up, Mother’s Day Portraits! We began this project by first playing this song for our students:
I am that irresponsible mom. People actually call me, "That woman with all the kids who parks her Suburban wherever she likes."
People tend not to associate healthy vegetables with something greasy like bacon, but a little bit goes a long way in this pureed soup.
The world’s largest tidal turbine was recently unveiled on August 11th 2010 at Invergordon, Scotland, weighing 130 tons, 74ft (22.6m) tall, with two 60ft (18.3m) diameter rotors and generating 1MW on both tidal ebb and flow. The Atlantis Resources AK1000 can supply power to 1000 homes, and is to be installed at the European Marine Energy Centre in the Orkney Islands, and has taken more than ten years to develop.
It soon became apparent that this was no ordinary walk. I had been enticed - unwittingly - to join the thousands of people who every year complete the Wirral Coastal Walk. When my companion rolled up with a packed lunch at the ready, any thoughts I had of a gentle amble quickly evaporated. "It's only 15 miles," she said. "We should have it done by lunchtime."
How do you want to die? Peacefully and painlessly? Yeah that's the way we all want to go but we don't have that option do we?
The New York Times recently had an interesting article on how anonymity is disappearing thanks to the Internet. It’s a paradox. People can log on and make scathing comments on a site, all while hiding behind their anonymity. Yet, a person who has never even touched a computer can find things they’ve said and pictures of themselves splashed across the Web.
(sniffs air)
A police officer. A zookeeper. A fire fighter. An artist.
As both worlds close in on them, Alissa knows that getting caught with Merrick could cost her everything she’s ever cared about, but giving him up proves harder than she ever imagined…
Yesterday’s moment of the day occurred at an intersection of Sinan Rd and JianGuo Xi Lu.
Mental and Emotional Homelessness or deprived of security. No one ever thinks to bring the mental and emotional aspects of it because most have “their own” portrait of what homelessness. It is alot more than walking by a person who is less fortunate who people call ” bums, winos or street walkers “… Before most of them have become homeless, their mental and emotions became ” homeless first “…
was the Elf excitedly dancing.
Enter cauliflower!
In the last few years, companies that collect data on how consumers behave both online and off and what charitable donations they make have combined that vast store of information with voter registration records.
Twist and Shout (Phil Medley, Bert Russell)
Drain shrimp and thread onto skewers. Grill until cooked through, a couple minutes on each side.
1. Thank the person who nominated you for this award.
Nah, scrap that - she lost hers.
The entire album doesn't feature the heavier 70s groove like L'unica Chance. The remaining tracks better reflect the cheesecake cover image in that the vibe is more laid back, smoky and romantic. I hope you agree that the vocal treatment on Mistero is pretty awesome.
Once again, everything works out perfectly for Katniss, without her lifting a real finger, because she is special and good and needed alive. Blech. Everyone risks everything for her, and she is incapable of the proper loving thanks, so why does anyone bother? I call Mary Sue again on this character. She’s tiresome, and were the plot and supporting characters not so fun and the books not so short, I couldn’t be arsed to finish the trilogy.
Several children drew connections between this painting and Gericault's "The Raft of the Medusa," mainly with regard to the pile of dead bodies.
1/2 cup roasted peanut crush
Description by its very nature is static; we need to find ways to make it flow with the story. One way is to have the character interact with the setting: to sit in a mahogany armchair with a faded green cushion; to hear the deep notes of the grandfather clock in the corner; to feel the texture of the oriental carpet underfoot, to smell the old leather bindings of the books. Without ever stepping away from the character, we know what the room looks like, including the parts that were not described.
Deep down below the surface level of thoughts lies that wonderful part of our mind that we call the ‘subconscious.’ Everything drops down into the subconscious and nothing ever drops out of it. It’s the store-house of memory, the vast subterranean repository of knowledge. To be successful we need to make greater use of it.
Consider for a moment Monet, who painted the same bridge, or water lilies, or haystacks in different lights and different seasons. When you encounter one or more of Monet’s bridges, you don’t look at them trying to get at the ‘real’ bridge. You take each bridge as he has presented it to you in that particular work. Any effort to crib together the collection of Monet’s paintings to try and get at the ‘real’ would be utterly foolish and would, in the process, destroy the original purpose of the painting to begin with. In the same way, the gospel authors each paint a portrait of Jesus. Cribbing the four portraits together into one ‘edition’ does violence to each author’s art.
3 tablespoons vinegar (any combination of the following vinegars: red, white, champagne, sherry wine, or balsamic)
Although it is still a buyer’s market in many areas, one is probably also noticing a change. In my market, there is little inventory and when a new listing comes on the market that is well priced, multiple buyers swoop down and make an offer. Yes, I am using the analogy of a bird to describe buyers. Buyers are flocking and hovering over a certain area - they know where they want to live, they know the market value and they are very intelligent!
The meaning of life is proportional to the obsession with the meaning of life, and inversely proportional to how much that being doesn’t think about what he’s doing while he’s doing it. To the power of everything is going to die eventually and how can you have meaning where there is nothing? Even the meaning of life is as fleeting as our time on this Earth and just about as relevant. We are pea-brained birds migrating south out of an ancient and instinctual need, rotting slowly but staying succulent for a while. Down south, the trees won’t be naked anymore, we’ll be all thawed out and there won’t be any need to think about it. And while we’re dying slowly, we might as well do the stupid shit we aren’t supposed to do so when we’re done, we can say, “Hey, I did that on the flight in!” Life is the only journey there is. Do interesting things. Engage each other. Take pictures. Regret nothing. Care about everything. Grow your home into a leafy fortress against inevitability. Don’t dwell on your mortality. Live and immortalize everything you can.
There really is a farm. And our friend Diesel found it or to be more precise, the farm found him. It was the second phone call. The dream I couldn't allow myself to have as a foster mom knowing it would obliterate all future candidates, called us right up on the telephone.
The robot isn't there yet. But are we on the pivot point?
One of the things that first struck me about the album is its lyrical awareness and even forward thinking nature, which the band had sort of dropped out of with a lot of songs on the few albums leading up to it. Not to say that the lyrics are as complex as some of the 70s material, or that every song here is necessarily deep in intent, but I rather appreciated the relevance of "Electric Eye" and its observations on...well, modern observation. Or corruption ("Bloodstone"). Granted, there are a number of sassy sex songs here like "Fever", "Devil's Child" and so forth, and your typical 'hit the road' feel goodness ("Riding on the Wind") and 'don't fuck with me' anthem ("You've Got Another Thing Comin'"), yet even these seem well handled. Unlike Point of Entry, Screaming for Vengeance seems far more structured and plotted out rather than just spontaneously created in some exotic studio locale to fit a particular theme. But it doesn't hurt that so many of the individual songs are bastions of strong writing and hooks that likely won't escape your memory...ever.
About Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment LLC
Watched it last night, haunted by the fullness, the beauty, the suffering, world without end, of a chosen people, just and unjust. When tempted to lay all at the feet of judgement, or to decry such pronouncements, I remember
I rolled my body out of bed and pushed Steve out too. The boys were ready and they were going to open present with our with out us.
I am bilingual, actually if you include Spanish which I am rapidly losing contact with, then I am trilingual.
He put the paper back in his jacket pocket and before I could ask my next question he started up again.
They're kept in the little fridge behind the Kit-Kats, little plastic packs with a paper insert proudly proclaiming them as Kerala Poppadum. Toss 'em in a small, hot pan and dry fry 'em and they puff up and crisp - ideal for a crispy side on a curry night, just right for a slather of hot chutney - as evidenced by my ancient post over on The Fat Expat.
Gregory: that makes you a failure
While Eru and Houtaro look better, it’s Satoshi and Houtaro who are more interesting. Houtaro immediately stands out with the best personality on Hyouka, and although Satoshi’s personality is pretty standard, his own interests make him stand out a little. Eru is honestly quite bland at this point, but with twenty episodes ahead, she has plenty of time to prove herself to be more than Houtaro’s bright, energetic crush.
People RAVE about the convenience of Netflix and swear this is the future of movies. These people are idiots. Don’t get me wrong, Netflix is good for what it is. But if you’ve invested any amount of money into a home entertainment system Netflix is not delivering you the High-Definition goods.
1-1/4 tsps salt
General Najiya: (Slowly) Yes…yes… your highness, I know my duties. (More resolute) I will not go against you, my lord.
I ran
I recently got the chance to talk to Rowan Witt about his role in ‘X: Night Of Vengeance’. Here, Rowan talks about what it was like working with the cast and crew on-set and his ongoing talent with spoons…
The School was designated as a specialist Technology College by the DfEE from 1 September 2000 and this provided an opportunity to build on the technological investment that had been made. The name was changed from Walker School to Walker Technology College from September 2000.
(Along with 95% of the rest of the state)
I’ve been there twice and both times couldn’t resist ordering their Great Hill Blue grilled cheese, made with prune jam and fresh pear on cranberry-walnut bread.
Paul Jr. designed and built this awesome machine for the March of Dimes and they are raffling it off. The drawing will be held on November 19, 2012 in Grand Rapids, MI.
Account# XxXxXxXx
@ottawasunkroche
It truly is frustrating to see 1000's of you working hours casually lifted aka/stolen, and than have it show up half way around the world on some strangers site, so that they can make $$$$ off of your hard work and labors? Some people have no shame...
In conclusion, summer is over, but there is lots of fun still to be had. School starting wasn't so bad, and the ice cream man still came around! Now lets see how it goes come january when we factor in even less sleep, and a snuggly new baby to distract me from my job performance :)
Newman said of all of his films, he had the most fun making Slap Shot, and Reggie Dunlop was his favorite character.
Cry. me. a. river.
What do I do with these children? It's really, really hot.
I’ll see you again
So far I've committed to going three nights a week, which is good, because I am in such bad shape, I think anything more would kill me. Seriously. Plus, my doctor also says that doing 15 minutes three times a week is the perfect way for me to get started.
I have been worried about it - for a VERY long time - but I didn't want to say anything to my husband because I didn't want to hurt his feelings, nor did I want to squelch his dream.
tan sweater- because the heat index here today is 106, but I still GET COLD.
The girls were alerted by Gisela’s impending arrival by the distant“clock-clock” sound that her shoes made as they hit the linoleum. Gisela turned the corner into the hallway, carrying her handbag and her Domenicano coffee that she had asked the school cafeteria to dispense because she could not stand the more popular brands. “Sorry I’m late, I’ll be right with you, “ she said as she noticed the students on the floor. She began to walk faster. Now the sound her keys could be heard tinkling in her handbag. The students stood up and picked up their computer cases. She arrived at the door and felt the need to justify herself further. “ Sorry, I was just chatting with the lawyer and the conversation ran a little long,” she said as she pulled out the key to her office. She put it in the keyhole, turned the key and let in her students.
Are developers using beta access and another demo or are they actually seeking help in developing a better game through thorough stress testing in a beta?
10 My plea is that you show kindness to Onesimus. I think of him as my own son because he became a believer as a result of my ministry here in prison. 11 Onesimus£ hasn’t been of much use to you in the past, but now he is very useful to both of us. 12I am sending him back to you, and with him comes my own heart.
You can cut through several layers of paper at once in order to save time. I had enough for 6 flowers.
So today for example, we had a toddler time we were going to go to. Rudy has been off kilter the last few days and today he was off still. I had invited a few friends to join us and so felt as if I NEEDED to be there (got a call from a friend 1/2 hour before reassuring her that we would be there as they weren't feeling up to par either but her son wanted to go since we would be there). Rudy let me change his diaper while watching TV, but didn't want his shoes on. It is raining buckets outside, although he didn't need his shoes for the car ride OR the gym time). Then he didn't want his coat. Once again, raining buckets...but off we went with coat in mamas hand and not on. We had to drop off K her lunch and Rudy was crying to not get to hug her. So, I took him out and we went in and hugged her as he laid his head on her shoulder and snuggled in. I am getting a feeling that he isn't feeling top notch (and one of his eyes has been watering for 2 days now) and he has been teething and waking earlier than he had been.
Celebrating this beautiful season, thought I’d give the blog a nice “snowy” feeling…Happy Christmas everyone!
for kids in my classroom….
E—Expect your devotionals to find a home. Don’t be discouraged by rejection slips. If your material is well written and you’ve done your homework, publishers will take notice. Be patient. It may take time, but eventually all your pieces will find a home if you are diligent and follow these helpful hints.
The death of Christopher Hitchens on Thursday brought this to mind. A famous (or infamous) atheist, he was once asked if, as he breathed his last, we might expect a deathbed conversion.
Sunny days ahead and plans for a fabulous summer in the making!
In my heart, I don't believe that this is the end of blogging for me, rather it is more of a new beginning. There are many possible future concepts out there for me, I just have to get through the craziness of the next couple of months before I reinvent myself. Perhaps I will lose my mask and come out from behind the shadows of anonymous blogging or maybe I will stay anonymous and tell stories about the unbelievable people that I encounter in corporate America (I swear that one guy is skinning people and wearing their pelts at night). Whatever it may be, I will be sure to reach out to all of you that have had such a positive impact on me to let you know that I am back.
Well after a long walk at that pace you are usually hungry, especially if you are used to eat normal without a diet plan. But I believe that how much you eat is all just a choice. However, according to Tom Venuto in the Burn the Fat,Feed the Muscle program you must also avoid starving yourself, as this will slow down you Metabolism and that will tell your body to go into shock. This may not seem strange to some people, but your body actually holds back all the energy at this stage which means NO fat Burning.
I had to force myself to get the quince dye going today. I put the rusty saw blade into my dyepot and then some fabric and boiled it all up for a while to make my iron mordant. Then I put it all into a steel bowl and made a citric acid mordant bath. I put some of my undyed roving into that pot along with some yellow silk (it was the lightest color I had), some rayon, cotton and a small piece of linen. I brought it up to a boil slowly so the fiber wouldn’t felt. Then I put some quince dye in. A little something happened and everything turned a slight beige color. I got really impatient and ran down and got some acid dye. I know, I know. I used forest green, peacock blue and purple. I couldn’t help it. I wanted color. Well I sure got it.
I rarely venture far outside the greater Phoenix area and when I do it’s almost always work related. A jaunt up I-17 to Flagstaff the last month of October was no exception. I spoke at a conference near the NAU campus on a Thursday afternoon and made a trip out of it, attending the conference all day Thursday and half of Friday. But what to do with my spare time on Thursday night? I did a bit of research on local brewpubs and by the time I’d arrived Thursday morning I’d pretty well determined that I would walk over to Beaver Street Brewery, just up the street from the conference center and the NAU campus.
swing it into the earth
2. Boots Of Spanish Leather 3'17
and being there for my kids
Drastic action is the only real hope. The logical things would not set well with environmental groups, public employee unions and all kinds of others. But it actually would be possible to revive the domestic product, balance of trade and reduce dependence upon oil imports. Wouldn't happen overnight, but it could be done rapidly. Our population's character is not yet moral enough to allow it. For one thing the state sponsored and instigated tribalism, racism and sexism would have to stop. Either it is blind equality under the law or it is not. You cannot pretend that favoritism to any group based on sex or ethnicity or whatever else is irrelevant in any way speaks to the natural rights of all or the concept of equal under the law.
When you are finished you should have something like this:
If you’ve spent more than 15 minutes on the Internet, you’re probably familiar with Damn You, Autocorrect, the site that curates the funniest texting FAILs uploaded to the web. And you wouldn’t believe how many there really are.
And...I haven't forgotten to post the giveaway but I am a little busy right now, but maybe over the long weekend I can get some things organized...so stay tuned.
daron got a new job- he is loving it working all the time, still a paragod but now bosses everyone around all the time.. great for his ego, he is actually doing super well im so proud of him I miss him like crazy he is gone allot more but I think that this is what is best for him and our family. Family meaning me and the dog.......
Books are still my greatest love. Reading them, writing them, and dreaming about becoming a novelist...books fuel my passion.
One of the biggest differences between France and the UK or US is the role of the suburbs. In Britain or the States, the inner city has traditionally been synonymous with low incomes and crime, whereas the opposite is true in France. The city centre is the domain of the rich, and it is the 'banlieue' or suburb which has the negative connotations.
# 5 is my second cousin, Howard. He was an only child. I think he must have been the envy of every kid on the block!
Guest comment/feedback is paramount to the Customer Care Department and each and every guest is personally replied to by our General Manager thanking them for their valuable ideas/comments and action that has been taken. We take all comments seriously and appreciate that guests take the time to share with us their experiences.
Here are the ones I was able to match up amongst the mess I started out with....and I added a couple of swimming suits and a cover-up in case someone invites me on a last minute trip or cruise or to an indoor pool! (Hint, hint!) I like to be prepared.
“Oh yes. This rustic style really isn’t for me. Still, I suppose I shouldn’t complain. Most people would be thrilled to inherit a big farmhouse in the woods.” Izzy’s mother sighed as if to say she did not count herself as one of these people. “Before we inherited the house, the last time we were here was when Izzy was born. Right over there in the living room, as a matter of fact.”
HOW INSPIRED.
More and more, I grativate towards wearing my dresses with flat sandals, and so on Sunday, I gave this formula another spin. I know my accessories don't match, but the day turned out pleasantly enough. In a dress and flats or heels, a little part of me always feels like I'm masquerading as a more demure person, but sandals feel relaxed and easy.
“Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition.” (Abraham Lincoln)
Choose from several fun, bright metallic-sheen colour combinations!
Why does it matter? Because galleys turn into what are called the ARCs, or Advance Reader Copies.
Charon
Instead all the protests from neighbors were categorized as a “Not in my Backyard” response and fall under the age old category of “you can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs,” concept of government steamrolling the individual.
Tender and all, but he still won't help me come up with a reasonable name for this kid.
That’s it right? I’m done? It’s all over now?
In 1979, Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan and the condition of Pakistanis can be well imagined at that time. Policy makers, analysts, journalists, and the leaders were horrified that Soviet Union had entered their territories. For hundred of years it had been trampling Muslim territories and they were afraid that the Soviets would go up to Gwader crushing Pakistan. So they believed it was impossible to fight Russia. If we check the history, we see that Soviet Union had been destroying all of them: Tataristan, Samarqand, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Bukhara. In 1979, Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, neighbour to recently truncated Pakistan. At that time the Afghan Muslims started a resistance movement. Iqbal had said
After you read it, feel free to let me know your thoughts! I'd love feedback! xo
However, having a "word of the year" is not an activity in which I normally indulge. I usually have a record or book that becomes my highlight of the previous twelve months, but very rarely does my attention centre on a word that stands out amongst the myriad vocables I come across every day whether they are just a sequence of sounds or considered as a unit of meaning. Sometimes, though, I put on the mantle of eccentricity when it comes to linguistics. Especially when it's about sticking two fingers up to the establishment.
How does this lead back to Beckett? Is Waiting for Godot, in essence, a play about longing? Longing for union with the godhead, with a distant nature, absorption with the Great Other, as conceived by a Romantic painter such as Friedrich?
Clearly this email is not from SARS. The full headers would indicate the true sender.
Nothing is static when everything is a fluid liquid
Its pinkish-lavender
‘You don’t need to go above our heads to get things done. All you had to do was ask’.
Round 2: chain 3 (this gives you the height of the round) then into your next stitch you are going to do 2 double crochet in the top of the double crochet of the previous round. Repeat 2 double crochet the whole way around and join with slip stitch to the top of the first chain 3.
Biotechnology (US classes 435 and 530) -- 2%
This jeering at Monsieur Besson is a grave injustice, for even a one-eyed rooster could see he was paying his wife the greatest of compliments. There he was, making his way home, so dog-tired that he planned to hit the hay without even watching an episode of CSI Miami (with subtitles). Yet he still expressed a desire for physical intimacy with his mouth-wateringly sultry spouse. And let us acknowledge that Twitter is a wholly inadequate medium for romantic solicitation. Even the noble Lord Byron might have tweeted “Fancy a shag?" while riding home on his horse, his buttocks sore after a long day in the saddle. Sometimes a man has to get to the point instead of pussy-footing around with fancy language.
A few years ago, I tried to post a comment at LGF, but I couldn’t. You had to register at the blog itself, and only during certain times. And that wasn’t one of the authorized, official registration times. Since Johnson was already purging anyone not in lockstep with him, and I was going to criticize him, he would have censored and purged me, anyway, so I didn’t bother, and stopped reading his blog.
But the punters and the pundits weren't buying it. Andy and The Brothers were saying that it should be less anyway. (One brewer texted me later: funny how after all the brewers said the beers don't really cost less to make, the drinkers all said they should cost less anyway.) (Or maybe not: see the comments below, and my apologies to Andy: it was a bit fevered and multi-threaded!) Why, I asked, what are you getting less of if it's a good, flavorful session beer? Alcohol? In which case...why are you drinking, again?
“Interesting way to start the day with an earthquake. Got to school to find that all the children had been sent home but all the teachers were locked in the building and had to stay. School director screaming at TV journalists. So they smuggled me out as the other teachers didn’t think I should “go down with the ship” so to speak. Crazy place – just love it!!!”
Halperin: in the past the Establishment would
I could have been nice.
I'm so incredibly grateful for all that you did for me.....
A kea. From a photo by Corey Mosen.
Our youngest, Mikayla, is 8, and at the age where she is afraid to *not* believe in Santa.
Long time no blog, huh? Between nursing my William back to health right after school started up, and getting some wicked bug that caused me to have pneumonia and being hospitalized from complications from that as well as extreme dehydration, I have been totally out for the count the last almost 2 months!
Last fall, my wife and I attended a writer's conference in Chicago that was all about the "marketing" and "branding" part of the business. Following that trip, I determined that I would use 2012 to work on building my platform as an author. To that end...
What was a Source?
The Shore
I'm in a deep dark confusing and often lonely place.
I'm looking forward to Sydney's self discovery...
Ideally you get two chances at parenthood. You get the ones who gave birth to you, and the ones you become in whatever form that takes. My past is sad, but I’m aware that I need to put it aside, stop saving things for a “special occasion”, give my fullest attention to my family, and both work toward and allow myself to hope for a better now.
1. Why did you choose to focus The Bow of Heaven on Marcus Licinius Crassus? Out of all the figures in Roman history, why him?
& because I just shelled out $65.00 for 5 pictures - I'm not wasting a part of my life where these photos are not involved
“I saw a bow in your truck.” The man said, so softly that it was difficult to hear. “If you want to stay alive, I suggest you get rid of that gun and switch to a more subtle weapon.”
Talent is really just the empirical manifestation of a craft practiced often and to your own satisfaction. The more you practice, the more talented you appear to outside observers.
Creme nodded, happily. Her mama had told her all about dada, since the other kids would sometimes tease her because he wasn’t there. But mama had told her all about how he was one of the loyal workers building the new Stormwind, and that he had died while on the job. But Mister Jordan had made sure mama had a little set by so they could live on it, even though mama still needed to get a job. And Mister Jordan said that mama could collect his wages once all the work was done, with the other workers and their families.
Until then, may your Christmas bring great happiness,
Roodt submitted his title deeds for the land, which is in Winterskloof.
The continent of Europe (now formed into the 27-State EU) has none of these advantages.
Here's a house for sale in the town I grew up in:
If we granted Buffett and his supporters the benefit of the doubt and agreed that the “super-rich” need to pay more in federal taxes as a matter of economic fairness, the argument would still falter under the heavy burden of fact. As of 2009, the bottom 47 percent of income earners paid nothing in federal income taxes and the bottom 50 percent of income earners paid only 2.3 percent of the share of federal income taxes, while the top 1 percent of income earners paid 36.7 percent of the share of federal income taxes. It begs the question: Is it unfair for nearly half of able Americans to pay nothing to the federal government in income taxes while the successful are picking up the slack? If there were to be any tax reform in the name of “economic fairness,” it would be more logical to look at the half that pays nothing rather than the sliver that pays a lot.
Cold soap is less trouble, because it does not need to boil; the sun does the work of fire. The lye must be prepared and tried in the usual way. The grease must be tried out, and strained from the scraps. Two pounds of grease (instead of three) must be used to a pailful; unless the weather is very sultry, the lye should be hot when put to the grease. It should stand in the sun, and be stirred every day. If it does not begin to look like soap in the course of five or six days, add a little hot lye to it; if this does not help it, try whether it be grease that it wants. Perhpas you will think cold soap wasteful, because the grease must be strained; but if the scraps are boiled thoroughly in strong lye, the grease will all float upon the surface, and nothing be lost."
Two other movies JoBeth starred in that delivered doses of horror were Endangered Species (1983) and the made-for TV The Day After (1983). The former was a Close Encounters of the Third Kind-esque movie where JoBeth played a sheriff of a rural county investigating mysterious cattle mutilations. The latter was a drama about a nuclear bomb that followed a nurse into a shelter where she eventually succumbed to the devastatingly sad effects of radiation.
Thank you for being His hands and feet to our family.
I just posted this blog to my FB site, which is kind of scary; that makes it more real & an actual commitment. Oh my! No, really, I'm okay and pretty excited about this.
For the most part, I will be writing about many of the items in the CCA's collection—films, models, photographs, manuscripts, architectural tools, and more—and, for good or for bad, publishing the results on the CCA's own website.
After I finished that, I went to work on my next BJP flower. Guess what birthstone is February? Amethyst. Needless to day - I'm a bit purpled out.
Things I discovered while dressed as a redneck:
Today, I saw some of the news for the first time... so far I had followed it in words and not in images...
Oh--and welcome to the newest "followers" of Cappuccino & Art -- we hit
Ownership -
Searching my soul
“If congress has the right under the Constitution to issue paper money, it was given them to use themselves, not to be delegated to individuals or corporations.”- Andrew Jackson
The truth is being threatened by team members will stifle success. Hiring people that are far less gifted then you may make you feel big but will ultimately make your organization small.
With the mention of Sutter's Mill, I did some digging, since my historical recall isn't always exact. Sutter's Mill is where gold was discovered in California in 1848 and during the next seven years over 300,000 people flocked to California. Seven years...1865. The only problem is this: Jonah Hex was scarred in 1866. This makes me wonder what the job of an editor and an associate editor at DC comics entails. It sure doesn't include fact checking the continuity of your characters history, that's for sure. Isn't there anyone that picked up the DC History department from Bob Rozakis? Even then, there is the internet option for research, wikipedia .... blogs.. surely there was SOMEONE that has some sort of running timeline for the history of Jonah Hex (cough cough).
Brian Paddick, who was basically defending the Met, said this was terrible but “clearly everyone has their price”.
Text Copyright John L. Welch 2006.
"Additionally, Quinn originates as a surname deriving from the Old English “cwen” meaning “queen.”
9- until closing– Public Reading at Wine Bar.
April. The month starts out overcast with a soft pink hue illuminating the sky. The birds are engaged in their grand orchestral tuning; all is seemingly right with the world. Tucked away in a warm brick house, nestled in the blankets of a cozy bed, embraced from within her mother’s warm body, a tiny little girl begins her day too.
Introducing... A BUG AND A WISH!
What actually happened:
When we got here, we listened to our friends and family and tried to put Princess Belle in Public school. There are not that many children around here, it is a much smaller school and they seemed willing to work with us to make it easier for her. But truthfully it has been a disaster of monstrous proportions. It has broken my heart to see just how hard it has been for her. Every day, she is getting notes about how "defiant and disruptive" she has been. On two separate occasions, she has ended up under furniture, crying and screaming hysterically, trying to hide and wanting to be left alone. I knew this was NOT normal behavior for any 8 year old child. And I knew that she had to be under extreme stress to be acting this way. We have decided to try to get her through the remainder of the year but we will be returning to homeschooling starting in September. We finally got our ADOS test which tests where children are on the Autism Spectrum Scale. An average child would get a score of about 0 or 1 and a child with an extreme case of Autism would get a 22. Princess Belle got a 10, which puts her smack dab where a child with Aspergers would be. They said that they also feel she was ADHD but wanted to primarily work with the Aspergers at this point. I am glad to have a diagnosis so that we can work with her. She is my special girl, and I am sad that life can't be easy for her, but I want to do what I can to make it easier for her. Homeschooling will help with that. I wanted her to get socialization, but all she is learning right now is that she is "a bad girl and she is weird". (It is heartbreaking, but those are her words.) I don't want her to go through her school years feeling that was. I want her to know how special and smart she really is. The Pediatric Development Specialist said that she agrees with our decision to homeschool and that the majority of patients she has with this condition are homeschooled.
“Very honest.”
The monument is still the same of course,
It’s down to the final 4 weeks of the semester and here’s what I have lined up:
* Dennis Downes’ new book Native American Trail Marker Trees: Marking Paths Through the Wilderness is available from the Great Lakes Trail Marker Tree Society at www.greatlakestrailtreesociety.org. It is the first comprehensive book on trail marker trees ever published.
This pain in my heart, can it really be true?
Also... I didn't know about the Japanese camps in America. I hadn't realized we did that. What I learned about World War II and the Japanese is centered around Pearl Harbor and the atomic bombs, lots of stories and details surrounding them, enough for me to say "enough!" and not ask any more questions. I knew there was more I didn't know... but I had no idea about camps in America.
I will try to get a few more posts up with some pictures of the projects we did. Taking pictures was the furthest thing from my mind this weekend, so most of the projects are missing good before pictures. Sorry about that, I just didn't think about it until half way through.
no one has ever imagined,
You’re worth it, you can’t earn it
Clearly, the difference between that and now is the ‘minimum wage’ and ‘short-term contract’ aspects.
talons that could shred a man to ribbons and a beak like a bowie knife. He
forevers trapped in trusted
I keep toying with the homemade mocha. I was using my Coco Motion for a while because it would not only heat and mix the raw cacao with the dairy-free milk, but froth the milk a bit, too. However, I noticed that if dairy-free milk alternatives get too hot, the flavor changes. And not in a good way. At least to me. I don’t know about anyone else out there who use dairy-free milk alternatives to make hot drinks.
Dries fast
Any experience with closing down of balconies?
This applies to Conventional and FHA products. The specific guidelines for these products can be obtained from your lender of choice. There are certain loan parameters that must be taken into consideration and applied along with the particulars listed below. More information about RESPA Changes and other mortgage information.
I was wondering how the cats would take to the addition.
Words connect with words, consciousness with consciousness
Oh and this is the real biggie....Target weight 9st 2lb. Today a whopping 9st 6lb1!!!!
That's right, you're not from Texas. But Texas wants you anyway.
A wife says to her husband you’re always pushing me around and talking behind my back. He says what do you expect? You’re in a wheel chair.
Overweight girls were more likely to have more breast development, the study showed. But Dr. Biro said he did not think weight was the whole story. He said it was possible that environmental chemicals were also playing a role, and added that he and his colleagues were now studying the girls’ hormone levels and lab tests measuring their exposures to various chemicals.
“Me,” Abelle said coyly,”I’m here on business but I have a good bit of family that still lives here.”
Tripti was nowhere in the room, it was the room of one of the newest members of their old age home, Devki, she was sitting on the bed, and a strange looking demon was standing in front of her.
A year after his death, my grandmother insisted that I get baptized. To be baptized, I had to attend a Sunday school class. I had never been to Sunday school, and I was glad that I finally had a name to give to the God I prayed to as a child. I begged my mom, “Please Mom, can I go back to Sunday school and church? Please?” She refused.
on the fly?
“I have stated in my open letter to the premier last week that being an Umno member is not an offence but concealing it from the Yang di Pertuan Agong is. Abdul Aziz’s appointment is considered a deception within the meaning of ‘cheating’ under section 415 of the Penal Code.
Basically right now we are scratching our heads and wondering just what is going on with our little man. He's just not himself and he needs some extra love.
“Apart from Bhangra I enjoy producing and listening to Urban music, whether it be Drum n Bass, Grime or Hip hop. I grew up listening to all kinds of stuff when I was a kid, so I’ve kind of ended up producing it as well. I’m constantly learning and developing my sound, so I wouldn’t want to pigeon-hole my sound just yet.” Says Manni.
and sit here wondering
Accessories: Pool Party seam binding, linen thread, Stampin' Sponge, Neutrals designer button, rhinestone jewel, My Digital Studio
Roy and Myra are still on their getaway getting ready for bed. We see that Myra has gotten them separate rooms which Roy questions. She tells him she just prefers separate bathrooms so she can spread her cosmetics out without him knocking them over. She then claims she wore herself out and leaves him to go to his own room, claiming he's tired too, but he's clearly disappointed. In his room, he tells himself "Forget the long con, because I'm the one being conned." The phone rings and it's Myra telling him to open his door. He asks why but she tells him "Open it and find out." He opens the door to find her standing in the doorway of her own room, completely naked. She closes the door and walks over to his room giggling. She says "You should've seen the look on your face when I told you goodnight!"
Watch the vid .. then you decide.
For Christmas every year, we buy one or two boardgames because we love playing games as a family. Every Sunday night we have what we call Family Home Evening and we have a lesson on gospel topics and then we plays games and have treats. Everyone takes turns doing different things. Family Home Evening is not Family Home Evening with the games. We take turns picking a game and spend the night laughing or fighting if it is Pictionary. It never fails, something about Pictionary brings the worst out of at least one person. If you put my two daughters together on a team, guaranteed you have your work cut out for you to win. It is like they can read each other’s minds or something. The family joke, “Hey, I feel like fighting…let’s play Pictionary”. Pit is also a family favorite.
So, before I know it, it’s almost a month since I had my last drink. I’d like to say time has flown by, and for the most part it has. There was just one time, around Day 17 I think, when I was in real danger of falling off the wagon.
Apparently mini-golf courses don't have lightning sirens.
I didn’t start to love the church by just willing change, I asked God to help me. I pray this prayer about people sometimes ‘Jesus, please help me love them before I hate them’. And I did this with church, and it worked. I acted like I loved the church before I really did, I think they say; ‘fake it ‘till you make it’.
We never made it to the salsa social on Friday night. And you know, I don't think we missed a thing.
75020 Paris
To start out I need to say that this card was inspired by one I saw on SCS and you can check it out here. As soon as I saw this card I knew exactly how I would make my card. I just love how much inspiration is out there, even if you don't have the same stamp sets things can be changed up and made your own.
I based everything around her rag quilt.
And now to the Guild Project 2011 - "We have Dragons":
While visiting Maui, consider staying at the Kahana Nui Villa, located in a beautiful West Maui neighborhood. Kahana is centrally located between the resort areas of Kapalua and Kaanapali, so if you feel like getting your tourist on…the opportunities are close by.
And once Alicia leaves that doorstep and Kalinda opens that door, the delicious table-setting can launch into the main course.
Malta. Duberstein is a director of ConocoPhillips, which is run by
I’m getting very tight:
For Linn Jacobs
Well this year she is doing a Easter swap that involves our children!!
Well, I never thought I'd be doing a post about Beyonce. I don't think I could have identified one of her songs, or even her face, prior to this week. Alas, I have now had the experience of deliberately listening to her music and reading her lyrics in order to answer the "Why don't your parents let you listen to anything good or have any fun?" question from intolerant Catholic children who play sports with mine. Besides having to wash my eyeballs and ears out with anti-bacterial soap after my YouTube excursion, I think it was a relatively fruitful experience.
Chocolate pudding cake for dessert, with frangelico. And I found two half boxes of lasagna noodles in the cupboard, so I’m still hanging in with the starches…just.
*End of Spoilers*
James Horner’s score is somewhat mixed for me. The cues he uses for the marines early on are very thin and weak. His snare drum track sounds like a demo recording done in someone’s garage. Again, I have to refer to Predator as Alan Silvestri really brought a powerful, meaty militaristic theme to that film. Since Aliens really is more of a science fiction action picture than a horror genre creation, I can’t critique a lack of suspenseful cues, but it could’ve helped. The score services the big action moments well, but despite what praise it has been given in decades past, I never found it all that compelling or exceptional.
At the time we also raised chickens.
Largely concerned with the plight of Mexican’s trying to cross the border into the US, it covers entirely new territory for Bruce. California, Texas, Ohio, San Diego, Sinaloa, Galveston Bay. Highway patrolmen and Mexicans; border crossing, drug running, and fruit picking. The complexity of illegal immigration is explored from many different angles. The drive to escape still haunts the album, but this time around Bruce’s not so sure it’s where salvation lies – “The highway is alive tonight, but nobody’s kidding nobody about where it goes …”
Last Sunday we went to the plant fair at Verneuil-sur-Indre, a small village between us and Loches. We've been having quite chilly and changeable weather lately but on Sunday, although it was a bit breezy, the sun blazed forth.
Somehow, in these circumstances I would perceive a gentle touch as crossing more boundaries. As being too close, more prolonged and assuming too much.
“Yeah dey WILL! Because mama! Indians bringed pie when dey teached Pigrims to grow food.”
The media alone are not alone in keeping the facts from the public. Republicans, for reasons unknown, don’t seem to know what it is to counter-attack. They deserve to lose.
In his mind,
3. BEFORE jacking the car up loosen the lug nuts (remember lefty loosy righty tighty) - you may need to jump on the wrench to loosen
Adam L.G. Nevill – On All London Underground Lines
squirrel: 2.25 "
Names are powerful things. They define us even before someone meets us. A name should fit the person it's assigned to, which makes it really hard sometimes to name a baby properly. When I was naming the wee ones (and by "I," I do mean my husband and I since he had a say in it), I wanted a name that wasn't outlandish where people would look at me and wonder where I came up with it (thus Siobhan was out, much as I love that name) yet wasn't common enough where there would be three Jennifers or Michaels in their classes. If I were to go back in time, I would change Little Miss's name, as I failed miserably there - besides, knowing her personality now, she would make an awesome Evelyn or Eleanor. I'm still debating legally changing her name. In my head.
moth-winged street-lamp-lit
After hearing all this, I couldn't lie wider awake that night if I tried, and as soon as dawn came, I got up and started back for my master's house, as if the devil himself were after me. When I came to the spot where the clothes were turned to stone, there was nothing to be seen but a few spots of blood on the ground. At last when I got home, there was my bold soldier stretched out on his bed, bleeding like a bull, and a doctor bandaging up his neck. It was only then I knew he was a were-wolf, and from that day to this, I couldn't bring myself to break bread with him — no, not if you were to kill me.
And then I met him and it was like someone had tipped a paint bucket on my canvas. There was color! There was variety.
a drop of red blood falls
Lord, I will not look back to my past because you have delivered me and no longer see the past sin. Lord, you have taught me to not look into tomorrow for it is not promised. So Lord,I look to you at this second saying, I am here to serve you, love you, trust you, desire you, share you, praise and worship you, and be obedient. Lord, I just love on you this moment and throughout the day, as long as you breathe into my lungs. Jesus, I am going through the pottery machine and being developed for the rebirth. That intimate rebirth of just me and you, in our intimate place. Where you will deliver me to your standards and not my own. Phase three-Rebirth (delivery by Jesus), are you ready? Prepare yourselves for the delivery room . Will you be ready, or will you have to develop a little longer?
RR: Where/when did you record your LP The Sound of Things? Who did you work with (ie: producers, engineers, etc.)?
And if, somehow, the remembrance of the fundamental meaning of Christmas is overlooked, forgotten or fades, and sometimes even fought over. Do not fear all you Hum Buggers out there like me, for each year, we are renewed again.
Fifteen years later, I found myself working for a housecleaning company. Yes, it was unskilled labor, but, for what it’s worth, I did very little sweeping. Mainly, I vacuumed. Oh, but that was years ago. Two years ago, to be exact.
Debby who is now the Jelly Roll Queen, is going to do a workshop on Layer Cakes, she has a few ideas up her sleeve, but I thought I would have a go. There seems to be lots of patterns out there for Jelly Rolls, but the Layer Cakes always seem more difficult to find. The one I have done is really easy. I thought I liked the Layer Cake I used, until I started to make it! The top is completed so I just need to get it ready to quilt, which I aim to do during the Christmas Break.
Williamsburg
This week we are celebrating the start of Springtime, April and the start of the Spring flowers that are already bursting into life. So.....
I’m including the serger info because I like to use my serger to finish the raw edges of my knits before hemming. If I didn’t have a serger, I might do a simple folded over finish or even leave unfinished since knits don’t really ravel. But the serged edge is nice and quick!
To me race has nothing to do with nothing. People are good or bad at what they do all from hard work and a gift from God. The color of a humans skin has no factor in anything but ignorant thoughts from others.
This is CK Clover, which is the same type of fabric used in the door curtains between the living room and dining room, it doesn't come up very often so when I saw it in this alternative colourway I snapped it up. Very reasonable as well for quite a rare one. I think this will become a cushion for the living room, can't bear to give it away!
It took nearly an hour of coaxing and another hour of funny shots to get this blurry one from DD4L. The short version of why he is this person is that he inspires me to be a better person.
One of the secret documents, dated 18/11/2009, reported: “Behind the facade of Wahhabi conservatism on the streets, the nightlife for the young elite of Jeddah is thriving and throbbing. The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available – alcohol, drugs, sex – but strictly behind closed doors. “
when you face intense events such as an accident or death of a loved one. I find that it takes my mind to the most pleasant experiences I've had with the person and smiling calms me down.
We would sleep through a light rain and awaken at 4:30 a.m. to the pre-dawn call to prayer.
"Claypunk did it."
Shawn Harmsen
I picked up his poop twice today. *sad trombone*
The turn of the tide against the forces of darkness will not come by military power or a bomb. It will come because women and men of good will have seen in the distance the spark that calls them to respond, to put flame to their beacon, and to call the world into communion. Let us keep our eyes on the Lord this week, let us watch and pray with him, and may the spark of the divine light ignite something deep within each of us so that we, too, may become beacons calling out for the Return of the King.
Icing Sugar to dust
the longer entries will follow later.
One to keep and one to give to someone you love.
Now I have some blog candy I'm giving away, (I probably throw some more goodies in there, I've been doing some cleaning, lol) all I ask is that you be a follower and please leave me a comment telling me what projects or things you would like to see me post! I kind of feel like I'm in a rut and maybe you all can spark my curiosity to new endeavors or give me some new ideas or trends that are out there that I'm not aware of. Thanks in advance and enjoy the hop!
Michelle had two partners
This was a really tasty and well made IPA. The balance was my favorite aspect of this beer in the flavor profile, and is really just a well made example of the style. This beer would certainly have a permanent spot in my beer rotation if I could get it locally. This beer is not to be missed if are in the South and get some of this beer.
He swatted my leg.
Little by little, taking ground
Thank you, gracious Lord, for allowing us to sample a bit of that future joy even now. Thank you for the reassurance of your Word. Thank you most of all for our Savior, Jesus Christ, whose birth we prepare to celebrate in this season of Advent. Amen.
Saturday - I was wide awake at 6am, at my Sister's by 8:15 to pick up The Oldest, and off to the DI regional tournament. I worked the Score Room, and The Dude showed up at 11:30. My Sister dropped off The Youngest at noon, and I took a break to watch their Team Challenges. They both did a great job, and I was back in the score room until the final awards ceremony at 6pm. The Oldest's team is going to the State tournament, and the Youngest's isn't. The Youngest and one of his friends had melt downs, and it was not a fun ride out of there. I dropped The Boys at my folks' - with my Sister and Nephews, and my Sister's Youngest was able to pull The Youngest out of his funk. I left around 7:30 and drove for almost 3 hours to get to the Mardi Gras party in Nevada City. The party was still in full swing, and the inappropriate relationship person was there. I hadn't planned a response if she were, and ended up not even able to look at her, or acknowledge her in any way. I am a bit torn between feeling bad about it, and feeling proud that it wasn't more of a scene. I ended up having one drink and just going to bed at around midnight.
*For those just checking in with no idea what I’m talking about, the issue at hand is whether I accept a contract from HarperCollins to publish my memoir as an ebook with a view to print publication depending on sales and reception.
After all, it's all just fabric, right?
The smell of foreclosure has become an incredible stench
Where are the fireside chats? The Oval Office addresses? With the click of a mouse, the president can tell millions of people incredible stories of heroism and daring that are the standard — not the exception — in Afghanistan.
Here is the recipe from Heather's blog:
All the countries agreed on the framework agreement apart from a clause which will reduce Egypt and Sudan’s right to use more than 85 percent of the water.
We mounted all of our images and mockups on to black 12x12 sheets that slid perfectly into the sheet protectors that came with the albums. But despite it turning out to be a lot of work (and a lot of Epson presentation paper) we loved the look we achieved of grouping the collections together to give the buyers a chance to view all of the icons and patterns against each other.
A couple weeks ago, my friends and I went to Lil Frankie’s in the East Village. We ordered salad, pizza, pasta, and beer for the table so we could get a taste of everything. The special pasta for the day was a braised pork shoulder ragu with gnocchi, easily the best dish of the night.
~ People sitting three feet away from of a row of taps will ask, "What do you have on draft?"
I have said before, and I now feel more confident in saying it again: electronic picture books prove just how high tech paper picture books actually are and the conversion from print to digital is way trickier for picture books than for just about any other form. I think Shatzkin’s excellent overview is just more evidence.
Sorry I’ve been missing in action for the last week or so – unfortunately THE FOOT took a turn for the worse, meaning that whilst I had the perfect excuse to lie around on the sofa watching (all of) series 1 of Remington Steele and eating chocolate, I also had to go back to the doctor, who diagnosed that I’d torn the tendon as well as having the leaking vein. So from a week of hard training to a week on crutches I went!
We stayed as always at the Shilo Inn on the Prom. Here is a picture of it from out in the water. It is the five story one at the left.
~ Magic as “paranormal,” anything alleged to exist that is not explainable by any present laws of science
I can’t wait to have this tomorrow night for dinner!!
This was so easy, lol I actually had my daugter's make these for me!!
The birds dropped us off and The Blue Guy started to cough. Pat, Petsy and Blabber all backed away. I guess his germs really caused them dismay. He fell to his knee and then looked directly at me. It seemed his eyes were like that of a slot they rolled with many symbols and he surely thought he was hot to trot. As he stared they landed on food. Something Pat thought was rather rude. Then out of thin air appeared some woman at Petsy's lair. She shook her fist and glanced down her long, what looked to be, recipe list.
I wonder if my right wing friends who make fun of Michelle Obama (Rush even called her a "big fat hypocrite") for pushing a an anti obesity message realize that we could save a lot of money in health care costs if A-merry-cans would just push away that extra slice of pizza, and get off the damn sofa?
In utter terror is my soul-- and you, LORD, how long...?
Olsen J. Design options and sources of bias in time-to-pregnancy studies. Scand J Work Environ Health 1999; 25 (Suppl. 1): 5-7.
My Prayer
On the 27th of June 1953 Sir Winston suffered a stroke that left him paralysed down the left side. After that, he told Butler, “I feel like an aeroplane at the end of its flight , in the dusk, with the petrol running out, in search of a safe landing.”(5) Interviewed by Andrew Roberts his Foreign Affairs Personal Secretary Anthony Montague- Brown recalled that he was “simply too tired to deal with the immigration problem. He could concentrate on a few big issues at a time- like the Russians -and the rest of the time he could only give a steer and not see it through.” (6) I
And that was my first day in Portland. How crazy is that?!
"Hello, ma'am," one of them says cheerily and smiles some more. They all wave. She waves back awkwardly, blushes a little, and slinks away. Suddenly things start clicking for her - she remembers that extra trash in the trash can her husband was asking her about, she recalls the muffled voices she has been hearing for the past week around noon, she thinks of the amazingly dustless patio table, and the patio furniture that hasn't quite known how exactly to position itself in the last few days.
As we all know Misfits is back…
...my clients, who are beyond amazing people and incredible authors -- and who are the reason I wake up
Nuan treats all her customers equally well. Whether they’re a retired pensioner living modestly or a billionaire like Donald Trump.
Life...what a ride, huh?
I have been struggling with hair lately. I know how to care for it. I know how to style it. But it is a lot of work. And I spend way too much time looking through some fabulous websites of other white mama's of black babies who do a great job with hair. I am not in their league. At some point I might have fancied myself in their league. I am not. Plaint and simple.
I rode back in the wagon from Darkshire, the elf sat on the seat and drove. I don’t really think he did anything, I think Blackjack just headed home, because that’s what horses do. He kept turning around and looking back at me. I think the others had already left before I did. I didn’t check all the rooms, but I didn’t smell anyone. I hope they got back to the city all right, Nora especially. I’m doing a pretty lousy job of protecting her, but it’s hard when I can’t even stand up. That’s not an excuse. I write a letter to the inn, addressed to her. I tell her to check in with me when she gets back, so I know she’s all right.
She looked at him and answered, "Yes. Why do you ask?"
Sam nodded. Yes, overall, she was good. Sure, she'd snuck out of school a few times with her friends to get ice cream sodas at lunchtime, but that was nothing compared to what other eighth graders were doing. And her grades were all As. She even got an A+ in Honors Biology. She studied as hard as she practiced.
* Confectioners’ sugar for dusting (optional)
Anyway, all this crazy action leads to Anne deciding maybe she doesn't want to be a nun. She still does, however, want to dedicate her summer and probably her life to volunteering. Whatever. And that's where the book ends. Finally.
“It’s an awesome thing, this group; they’re a second family,” he said. “Courtney, Guy and I have been together for almost nine years; Jen going on two and a half with us. The amazing thing is Guy has been here going on 29 years, and that’s awesome,” Kevin added a few seconds later.
“Those were delusive occasions giving rise to pious platitudes to the value of inter-religious harmony because every time a religious issue sparked in the national arena, the people who should show the most leadership turned out to be the most craven in a crisis,” said the bishop.
My Life In France- Julia Child (p)
To say, or paint, or sing the light
Right now, dear ones, I don't want to dissect the job hunt. I want to get something different out of my head. Something that has been incubating in there for weeks, and that I finally put my finger on today.
PS- this is one coat of pink base and THREE coats of Princesses Rock!
Baby A 6 lgs 14 oz
They imprint with each other and she sees their future life together flash before her eyes. She learns that not only is she his soul mate, and can feel his heartbeat in her chest, but there is a whole other world of people with gifts and abilities that she never knew existed. She herself is experiencing supernatural changes unlike anything she's ever felt before and she needs the touch of his skin to survive.
A brown and silvered colored dog is barking with that contented doggy happiness and spinning at speed in the long grass beside him.
- as of today, he only gets his paci in his bed... i told him to leave it in his bed when i got him up this morning and he very dramatically threw it from his mouth to his crib.. like 'i don't need that silly thing anyway'
more than two cents,
I am extremely busy with my small architectural project and I did not have time for this. Apparently the "Red Box" of death is making another round through the blogosphere. I want you to know I will continue to follow everyone but ....
Or rather a Boeing 777 plane.. and unfortunately I know when I’ll be back again.. lol..
1 onion, 1 clove of garlic, 1 tablespoon of tomato paste, 1 tablespoon Jamaican curry paste, 1 C rice, 2 C water
It’s comforting to know that we’re not alone in these experiences. Even heroes from the Hall of Faith share them with us, and received their due reward.
I like Porteños. They rise late and sleep late. Being in their city, it was only fitting that I adopt their lifestyle. Buenos Aires, like her sister Barcelona, doesn’t get started until late. People take their time during the day, recharge with a siesta, head out to dinner around 10pm and start getting ready to go out around midnight. By the time you’re in the cab, it’s 1 or 2am. The clubs and bars stay open through the night and by the time you roll back into bed, dawn is breaking. You quickly adapt and I ended up doing some ridiculous things like napping from midnight to 1am and waiting for McDonald’s to open for breakfast. I remember a night where we went to a plaza surrounded by bars and sat down for a couple of drinks. The place was buzzing with people coming and going, tables completely full of people talking, laughing, drinking. If you didn’t know better, you would’ve thought it was 10-11pm. When I looked down at my watch, it showed 3:30am. Most amazing was that more and more people showed up as the night went on.
I got "chicken quesadilla", or some reasonable facsimile of the same.
The pledge was made during a summit in Tokyo between Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda and his counterparts from Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam.
and we realise (but he does not) that it's "Somewhere over the rainbow..."
What are your thoughts or secrets on the subject? I would love to hear!
* OSHA 10
Instead he relied upon mainstream media accounts. Which is another way of saying, instead he relied upon leftwing propaganda, to make his determinations.
Less than five percent of these reported hate crimes have ever been established as fact by courts of law, yet Holder says the level of unreported level of hate crimes in America is probably "in the tens of thousands. This fact is enough to make one's blood run cold."
LAWSON@STARAIR.US
***1915 also appears to have been particularly dangerous for them as well, even if they didn’t go to war. Mr. Fletcher and Rupert Brooke in the same year? Yeesh.
Bhishma then said a few words to Dhritarashtra, and then turned his attention to Krishna.
“Sleigh Ride” performed by Ella Fitzgerald
Now, let me temper my rant with this fact: short-sighted dolts in the pharma industry who continue to violate pretty straightforward practices about on-label and accurate marketing are bringing all this on themselves. When will we get more courageous leadership in the pharma industry that sees beyond next quarter’s numbers; that values ethics and integrity above maximized profit? When will we see the Golden Rule instead of the Gold-in Rule? I’m all for fair competition, sales, and profit – this is a business marketplace. And a good number of the folks within pharma are seeking to do things right (I know and work with many of them). But the regulatory tangle we are subjected to today is, at least in part, because of jerks who incentivize jerks to cheat the system.
As my skin tend to drink up toner really quickly so I thought it would be a good idea to try out drugstore #1 Japan Medicated range toner and see if they really deliver? Mentholatum is a commonly known Japanese drugstore range but they actually started in USA not Japan . Anyway, they gain tons of fame in Japan as they produce a wide range of products like my HG BB Cream.
till phosphor & ions boil
Ah, springtime in San Francisco. A magical, enchanted time, to be sure, characterized by torrential downpours of rain and the occasional gust of hurricane-grade wind. Today is no exception.
I’m guessing that at least one of you forgot you signed up for updates from me, right? Haha! I’m going to try to make a triumphant comeback in the blogging world (because, you know, I was so big before). It’ll be abbreviated as I don’t have time to post four times a week as I used to, but I’m hoping it’ll work out. I’ll also put up intermittent book reviews as I read, though that tends to go on hiatus rather quickly. I have at least five books I really want to read and review. So little time!
“The EC will always strive to do its best in carrying out its function and responsibility fairly to all those involved in the election,” he said.
My Life; now that is a powerful thought. What am I doing with my life? Am I truly living the life I desire? If not, do I spend time in prayer asking for guidance and direction from The Creator? Is my life filled with faith and truth? If not, am I seeking a different way? Is my life lived in JOY?
Well that's surprised me - other than a single, lovely rich hot chocolate one evening, I've had a good week and would have expected to lose, not gain.
It is dark out, but there is a pale glow to the west. We pass by farms with horses and cattle, then barren fields, and beyond those, it’s trees as far as the eye can see. This is exactly what Henri wanted, a quiet place to go unnoticed. Once a week he scours the internet for six, seven, eight hours at a time to update a list of available homes around the country that fit his criteria: isolated, rural, immediate availability. He told me it took four tries—one call to South Dakota, one to New Mexico, one to Arkansas—until he had the rental where we’re going to live now.
Heat a corn tortilla for 12 seconds wrapped in a paper towel. Dip tortilla in tomatillo sauce. Arrange 4-5 thinly sliced red onions and a 2-3 tbsp shredded cheddar and jack cheese in the center of the tortilla in a line. Roll tightly and lay seam side down in a tray lined with tomatillo sauce.
May it be so.
Republic Act No. 51 —
Five other teens -- two girls, ages 14 and 17, and three 16-year-old boys -- have also been arrested in connection with the incident.
The Persian Princes is sharing her shack with a friend from austria. A little tired from the day at the beach, they are chilling in the hammock in front of their hut. We should go for the party tonight, are the Persian Princess telling, at least we cant sleep, even if we don´t go there, cause the party is only 5 m far. But her friend doesn´t feel like going out tonight. „Come on! I don´t wanna go on my own!“
i didn’t waste my lunch break on that stupid powerpoint for nothing.
The Tree, the Mayor and the Médiathèque (Eric Rohmer, 1993) - "These conversations circle around the same issues again and again, using this small local issue as a focal point for discussions that are often very dense and theoretical but never dry. There's something charming, even playful, in the film's endless dialogues... The quick-witted repartee is fluid and spontaneous, establishing the comfort of these lovers with one another and their intense interest in one another: they're talking about rural development and local electoral politics, but the subtext is much more personal."
Undeterred, I added “DIY” to the start of my search string. And boy did I find some great designs.
For a Special date:
Section 11 of the Act also states that the rally organiser “shall obtain the consent of the owner or occupier of the place of assembly for it to be used for the purpose of the assembly”.
Our sponsor this week is Digital Delights. The DT have been SO lucky to get images to use for our challenges, so be sure to check out the rest of the DT girlies blogs!!!
I have posted before on my love of hooks, and here is another post about how they make my life slightly easier!
Mashed in right where I wanted at 154 degrees for 1 hour. This should provide a nice thick chewy mouth-feel but also it left some unfermentable sugars that'll probably give it a little bit sweeter of a taste. It also led to my gravity reading being lower then I expected at around 1074. Because of the higher mash temp and my brew-house efficiency somewhere in the 60% range it won't be as high gravity as expected. Not sure if my efficiency went down because it was too big a beer for my Mash tun or because of the higher mash temp. Sparged at 165 for 30 minutes and started a boil with about 7 gallons of wort that looked like it came out of an oil can. I hopped the crap out of it so hopefully the bitterness will blend well with the higher amount of residual sugars created in the higher mash temp.
2010.09.16 Philippines Basilan 3 0 Abu Sayyaf militants shoot three local soldiers to death in a surprise attack.
its nightly visits of moon’s drumming glimmering souls
This means I need to translate the post variable (returned in the submit) from an integer to a text description. Once again we call upon our handy little StateAbbr Class to make the conversion as follows:
Here was my lesson:
*adhesive of your choice (not shown)
Thank you to all of you who linked up and or visited entries to share a little blog love.
I quite liked The Night She Disappeared. It was nothing original, just a decent thriller with good writing. I didn't think it was particularly special, but I did enjoy reading it. It was one of those books that was more about the plot than about the characters.
Victoria Governor Alex Chernov hosted a dinner attended by government and industry leaders. Present were Victorian Minister for Technology and Minister responsible for Aviation Gordon Rich-Phillips, and head of Linfox logistics group Lindsay Fox.
Don’t forget to hit “I like it!” button to save the sites/pages you liked on your home page =)
3.) Seal the plastic bag.
6.YOUTH BRIGADE "Barbed Wire"
Some things I feel are good, others not so good. I’ll try and go through them in some order.
Arson is one of the leading causes of fires along with open flames, electrical and lightning. Churches that have been victims of arson, incur on average, in excess of $450,000 in damages.
I have blogged this design before as cards I like to make, and honestly I could use my whole stash of designer papers making them, hundreds and hundreds AND hundreds of them but then I would be like the lady with 40 indoor cats; what on earth would I do with them all...and wouldn't my house stink a bit and wouldn't that seem a tad compulsive disorderish too?
Yes, I know I’m the only person still watching that.
I've wasted my time this morning, and I'm deeply ashamed.
Since 2003 he has collaborated with Cat Phillipps and they now work as a collective under the name kennardphillipps. Like Heartfield, they engage directly with capitalist mass media to subvert its pernicious deceptions.
After completing his studies at NJC, Mr Liu was offered a MOE scholarship to continue his studies in either NUS or NTU, but he managed to obtain an international scholarship from the United States and chose to study at Georgetown University where he majored in Science, Accounting and Finance.
The first concern we had was no access to natural light in the cells. There are no windows in the living units except a bank of skylights at the top of each unit. Also at the top of each unit is a state-of-the-art ventilation system and ceiling fans.
Under the Never Sky by Veronica Rossi
Sweet and good
I love the bucketful of this dairy topping hidden in my cookies though.
I cant tell you how much I love this! I really appreciate this! I need reminders every now and then to remind me that I am making a difference in the BLM community one family at a time. Thank you so much to Chick Soup For The Angel Mommy And Daddy's Soul for sharing this touching photo with me!
If discipleship does not occur in our sphere of influence and relationships, then we will be hard pressed to live out what Jesus said was our mission on this earth. He said to “Go, and Make Disciples!”
This months 'special' ingredient is one that is very easy to find, they are in prolific supply for most of the year and if the fresh variety fails to appeal then feel free to fulfil the brief by using it in another form ... maybe juice ... or dried ... or sauce?
A highly sought after beauty specialist, LeAine founded Skinsations Spa in Orange County 25 years ago and also treats Hollywood’s elite in her Beverly Hills spa location. In addition to her spas, LeAine also created the innovative LeAine Dehmer Clinical Skincare line. Uniquely crafted and scientifically designed, LeAine’s line takes into account nature and science in the most advanced form.
I eat "good" fats because they are super-satiating. Which means that I eat fewer calories overall because I'm just not hungry for them. Also, they make everything else I eat taste even more delicious.
9) Try Bikram yoga in the hot room.
Disclosure: I received the product listed above to facilitate my review…all opinions are my own!
Spence Campbell (REP) 2.30% 85
PLEASE STOP!
Pendragon: Banned from life. Dispatch the assassins.
I’m my Self
Age: Approx 233 years old
So, when we bought our historic home in the bohemian (as in “free spirit, eclectic, artistic”) village of Coconut Grove (in South Florida), I was thrilled. What struck me was that the house had really, really good energy. Now, this is not my imagination. Every friend or family member who has either visited or stayed overnight in this home has said exactly the same thing: It’s got good vibes. And, I’m happy to say, it’s also got good bones.
offer my experience on the subject having
He said his last “yes” and I bellowed across the store, “My dearest husband, where are thou? Your presence is required at the fresh black bread stand!”
John Hewlett asked me this last week, I said I would just play Barbecutie, in fact, just the Barbecutie intro, then hand the bass over. So on that symbolic level… maybe.
This is my new home for my vents...my pisses....etc. If you are new here, howdy...I will try to create a link to the back story from my former blog: With Love From Sumy that my Sumyite Radical child has discovered and very likely given out to his fellow patients at the psych hospital. Like my cell phone number and hopefully, not my address. I love my son but amazingly, he does not always think first and act second.
*) Writer is a lecturer in Institute of Statistics, Jakarta, Indonesia.
I left in a plume of ridicule.
As Time Goes By
U.S. Army. Iraqi Freedom
Yeah, great, but sometimes I just can’t manage it and all I want to do is shout AAAAAAAarrrrrghhhhhhh!!!!!!!
squawk
As the 2003 winner of the "Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest", I feel I am more than qualified to do the writing portion - and as I've been attempting (not attempting very well, mind you) to be a docent at the art museum here...I also have some qualifications for that as well.
I absolutely cannot stop raving about the card base cardstock that I have recently discovered at CutCardstock. I know it is something we really don't "see" in our creations, but let me tell you how sturdy it is and how easy it folds and creases. The metallic iridescence is beautiful. No more cards bending under the weight of the embellishments and no more "crack" when I score my card base. Check out the link to the cardstock I use here. Design Paper is from Cart-Us - "Wedding" 6x6 pad. Flowers and metal embellishments from WOC.
periwinkle color
Conservatism is opposed to progressivism as it has a respect for our past and traditions and believes that by studying history we are equipped to deal with present crises by applying the lessons of history: how our forebears solved similar situations in the past. It uses practical reasoning not rationalistic thinking; concrete words rather than abstractions and favours the particular over the universal, though it uses substantial universals to describe concrete objects like White men and Whitewomen. Progressives remove the substance from words, we keep it.
No, not yet! But in two weeks I am presenting the Russian version of my book in Moscow.
They laughed over the nerd freak out when one discovers anothers similar interests, something I can totally feel if someone mentions Tori Amos or Broadway musicals. When asked what they currently are ‘nerding out’ over, I enjoyed John’s explanation about the ukelele, which he just got for Athena, his daughter. They even went instrument shopping at a music shop I grew up going to with my Dad, too, in Clairmont, CA.
The rest of the week was very low key. It was so nice to not really have any plans just relax and enjoy the family! Deric and I took Amelia out into the fields one day to get some pictures. Deric loved playing with the camera and got a TON of landscape photos which are really good. But because we all know y'all just want to see the babe I will just show you a few!
Many in the Occupy movement are blaming outsiders and “Black Bloc” anarchists who have a habit of hijacking peaceful protests for the own purposes. Unfortunately, most regular citizens won’t know or care to make the distinction — particularly if they wake to find their automobiles destroyed. Every thing that happens during today’s highly anticipated general strike, the good and the bad, will likely be conflated with larger Occupy Wall Street movement and destroying local business and poverty will win the cause few new friends.
I feel somewhat like a loser. I have no idea why I hold on to my eating disorder, it’s so stupid when one actually breaks it down. And yet, it is also such a deep issue, something that tears deep into every ED person’s thought and movement.
Babyboy awakened to a winter wonderland. Stuffed snowman, ready-to-be-filled stockings, the Little People Nativity set, and flickering lights. What more could a two year old ask for?
With Sugarcubes
I have to live with today and enjoy every tiny bit of time that we have as a family…
ALL entries will be acknowledged with an email to the address from which the entry was sent.
Ryan is getting published, which is pretty big news and great for the resume. We are now applying for jobs and contemplating having Ryan do an MBA after working for a few years. A brain like his should not go to waste and I know he plans on going places and I am so proud of him!
ATG700: tape gun
One question that hasn’t been answered is: why did the police need to talk to Charles in the first place? What exactly happened that escalated to the police tackling him? No matter what Charles did that alarmed the police, there was no consideration of the possibility that Charles may not be harmful, but rather have a disability.
I was born in SLC, UT. My family moved to Southern California when I was three. I grew up surfing and swimming in the ocean. I moved backed to Utah when I was in my late teens with my family. I have four children and eleven grandchildren. My husband Gary was the love of my life, my best friend and my inspiration for many things. I said goodbye to him after a year and a half long battle with cancer. Our journey together is one that will never end and is unforgettable. I now live in both Utah and California. I love to sail, garden, travel, golf and play in the ocean. Reading has always been my favorite pastime.
Regardless, she congratulated us once again, handed me a large envelope with all the paperwork and sent us on our way.
In 1850 George Malcolm was trading as a “spirit dealer”, in the language used at the time, at 14 Howard Street. By 1851 he appears to have moved down to No. 6 and has acquired an “& Co.”
By the third night we had just one tent left and the ten of us slept in one 4-man tent.
If you talk to any tax attorneys or other so called ‘tax professionals’ they will tell you that the 16th Amendment allowed the income tax to be collected as a direct tax without apportionment among the 50 states. This is totally false, and this is the major problem with today’s tax collection efforts. The IRS believes that the income tax can now be collected as a direct tax without apportionment, and collects it in that fashion. It is totally unconstitutional to collect a direct tax, in the 50 states, without apportionment, as we learned in earlier chapters. We are the victims of mass brainwashing by the government.
One low point to the day was the pickpocketing of our new digital waterproof camera. These photos belong to a friend since, duh, all our photos were gone. Luckily, we had so much fun that even the thief didn't spoil our day. Also lucky? That we found a good deal the next day on a replacement waterproof camera (we knew we'd snorkel in Phuket and want to take pictures) for about $100.
but I'm not sure.
Steph Bouwers Can’t think about something I haven’t tried ... maybe the format .. I’d like to work on bigger formats (like I did when I was a student in art school). And I’d like to start painting again ...
South Lawn
The purpose off created the website Teamwork 101 was to provide the reader with information on how to effectively work in a group or team setting. The website also provided information about other tools and software that would make working in a team easier and more productive. Two sections of the website that address the purpose are the different pages that provide information and solutions for the different aspects of working in a team and the “More Tools” page that provides the reader with information and links to alternative software to consider using while working in a a team.
There are FAR too many great spiritual truths to highlight here, but one that stood out to me is the passage on financial giving. It’s a topic that is often pushed to 1 of 2 extremes in churches today…
3 – Where are we going next week?
The second step would be to then relax and take some time off. It sounds ironical, when we are talking about ‘using’ time effectively and extract as much as possible. But it is important to take a step back and analyze as a third person. This helps in being honest while critiquing your own habits and time handling techniques.
The government’s written response noted that the U.S. embargo against Cuba “has been condemned on different occasions by the United Nations General Assembly.”
But that simply cannot come before taking care of myself.
My Thoughts: Such a fun new series! I liked the main characters right away. I could tell they had a strong emotional attachment to each other and would make a good team in running the new Honeybee Bakery. Katie is a wonderful baker with lots of hands-on experience and Aunt Lucy has some special skills to add to the mix. She's a real sweetie-pie but not exactly your typical aunt; she's a witch! Aunt Lucy's book club is a little more than just a group of ladies who like to read. I loved reading about their exploits. This group reminded me of Dolores Riccio's Divine Circle of Ladies, one of my favorite cozy series!
If protesting illustrates such "disregard", does he therefore regard
All of this is kind of interesting, but only up to a point. I kept finding myself frustrated. Just when a section of non-fiction was beginning to really grip an authorial intervention would break the spell. At exactly the moments when you might hope writer of fiction would fill in the gaps in his research he does exactly the opposite.
The Rock of Salvation Refuge Temple Apostolic Church.
There is no doubting the importance of the moon when it comes to life on Earth. Many people over hundreds and thousands of years have watched the moon and seen deities, a way to base calenders, and a source to light up the night. Entire civilizations based their societies around the moon and her phases. It is believed that she was instrumental in creating a planet that can develop and sustain life.
I was reading a book and it ended mid-scene. Literally it ended with the guy getting ready to be murdered pinned on the floor and stabbed to death. What the heck?
This is a really hard question so i'm going to list my top 3: Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare, Vanish by Sophie Jordan and Supernaturally by Kiersten White
On a lighter note from my previous two posts, i thought i would share one of my recent adventures living with young boys.
Jack's blog postings—The Cajun Cheesehead Chronicles—appear regularly at Austen Authors.
Anyone looking for the winner of my 100 follower blog candy giveaway will have to wait a bit longer... I'll be back tonight to post that (once the house is clean and the pantry is stocked).
8. Lovin' Cup
Good morning, lovelies! And happy Monday to you! Hope you all had a lovely weekend.
Creating a new site is a big production... like the theatre or the movies... without the planning and the dedication behind the scenes, there is no show. My new French Essence has been months in the making... designing the look and making it work... What I have learned is that trying to be simple is more complicated than I could ever have imagined...
The multi-talented Orri Jónsson produced the album and it was mostly recorded live on multitrack tape in the Slowblow studio. The temperature was high within in the walls of the studio and some of the bandmembers were forced to be admitted to a rehabilitation center. It should be noted that Orri decided to take a long leave from record production when this project had come to an end.
Us.
I live on Every Street, in a town that's so common it might as well be called Every Town.
At his stage Moses believed God. In verse 20, “And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt.” He didn’t know about the plagues God was going to use in leading up to the deliverance of the children of Israel. He didn’t know of the land to which he would lead them. This would be revealed to him in due time.
rejections that I'd already written.
I spend far too much time laughing as soon as I’m in the studio with them, time flies and we record way too much, luckily you only have to listen to the edited version! They’re all a great team to work with, thank you to Damon, Emma & Daniel for inviting me back on the show.
Naked emotions
Organic popcorn
Now comes the hardest part of this post. We have to say goodbye to one of our sweet and beyond talented sisters of the Challenge Team. Pat, has to step down from her position due to health issues and it is with a sad heart and lots of tears that I am writing this. Pat, I will MISS you my friend!! I know you'll have to do what is best for you and I pray that GOD will heal those hands of yours and that you will be back when the time is right! Love you Sis.!!!
1076 **D-V/17/1990. “On Human Freedom.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 469-81.)
We'll be awarding "TOP PEACH" to the player who uses their Peachy Keen Stamps this week and our two runner ups will receive a spiffy badge to display on their blog!
This band are so fucking metal, that if you dip them in salt water they produce an electro-magnetic field. Gezol on more than one occasion made his way into the pit to let fans sing along and even surfed the crowed whilst singing, as the guitarists were throwing all manner of ‘heavy metal’ shapes and whipping their heads like demons.
We fed some very,VERY large demanding Koi at a strange nursery/pond/fruitstand and oddity display called the Loose Caboose.A grove of flood washed trees turned root side toward the sky made for an eerie forest even in the bright afternoon. One had to wonder about how it would be in the dark of night with a chilly breeze blowing up the valley floor whilst the resident peacocks shrilled.
2146
3) Considering we are the next generations of coaches, what is some of the advice you would give to interns and those interested in wanting to pursue a career in the field?
4) your family life and societal life will begin to erode and leave you with nothing
We lost my mother to cancer last year. This isn’t a cue for cyber-sympathy and I wouldn’t use a blog as a forum for sorrow. All I will say is this. My dad didn’t think he’d be up to doing the eulogy so, without really thinking it through, I offered to take his place. On the day of the funeral I breathed deeply, stood up and faced the large crowd that had come to pay their respects. The eulogy had been put together by the whole family. There were fond memories, achievements, extracts from letters and even some humour. After a shaky start I found a rhythm, and actually started to enjoy sharing all the wonderful stories, but midway through a profound sadness washed over me. As I was trying to compose myself a woman in the front row rose to her feet, set up a tripod and started taking photographs. As I looked at her in disbelief she mouthed the word ‘smile.’
Archimedes taught us that objects float by displacing the fluid they are in, so that the object is less dense than the fluid. Pascal taught us that water exerts pressure in all directions and is basically non-compressible. Boyle taught us that gases are compressed, and that compressing them increase the pressure and the density. Our diver has a straw tank of air and is surrounded by water. What happens when you squeeze the bottle?
Heat the chicken stock over medium heat in a small pot; keep warm on the stove. In a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil. Then add the onion and cook until lightly browned.
While I fix up the photos, I wanted to tell you about two fab things we got to do while my folks were here last month.
DAMN STRAIGHT.
The Cardinals are 14-8, and easily look like the class of the NL Central. No other team is above .500 in their division, which has some downright awful teams (the Astros and the Cubs). With Ryan Braun starting to heat up, the Cardinals are going to need to jeep having “Happy Flights” and keep winning serieses. Carlos Beltran needs to get back to early season form.
And caring for the baby!”
No really, it is.
As it spoke of a hell below.
This option will give you access to CMRs only; a separate search is necessary for retrieving a publication’s Audit Reports or Publisher’s Statements. CMRs can also be accessed through individual title searches.
~~Reminisce, April/May 2008~~
Fuck knows. I think at the end of the day, despite all of the above, the only way it can work is if you believe it. But it's the same with all the other great motivations in life (love, ideas, expression). You can know all the rules, and you can manufacture the perfect conditions in which to achieve them, but in order for them to happen, you must believe you are capable of achieving them. And that they seek you. And it's the believing in them seeking you, that is the hardest part.
We had a fabulous time this morning learning about the Vietnamese New Year Tet!
A. No advice politically.
The new measure won't provide much relief but if it stops or even delays them worsening even a little they are most welcome.
The music was great but the cocktail prices were too high in my opinion. I would have bought more if the money that I spent on the drinks would have meet my expectations about the amount of alcohol in the cocktails...it was like I drank water ... however. I decided to only buy Fanta after one drink xD
Okay, I know that sounds pretty crazy. But the explanation for my PC’s behavior that actually comes closer to matching the historic pattern isn’t much better – because it still involves the “atmospheric “ambiance” surrounding the event. Now I don’t have the wherewithal to test this theory, so I won’t pretend that it’s “proven” by any means, but I actually think my PC was “reacting” to the atmospheric changes caused by the big storm system that was moving in – the same storm system I mention at the end of the post!
Hey, see what I did in point 3 there? Those are three things you should check out because they’re really cool. Every email program worth its salt can embed links, so why not use that? If what you’re sending may be reprinted elsewhere and the links won’t carry over, then just put them in longform. “More information can be found at www.pinkertonroad.com, as well as images and other assets.” Speaking of which…
If it looks like mine, it’s Mine!
The following are the result of comparing and combining the Mishnah from the two Talmuds. Everything written in black, is the common text, which is found in both versions. The blue text is as it is found in the Bavli, and the red as it is found in the Yerushalmi.
Major was somewhat known as a model, but better remembered as the beloved girlfriend and wife of singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, who wrote both lightheartedly about their courtship and heartbreakingly about her untimely death. While Major is not given much to do in this film besides be pretty and fashionably dressed and listen to the grand plans of her boss, she's a radiant presence and unforgettable, and one could have easily seen her having a respectable career in movies if she so chose. A unique bit of irony is that Susan Sennett is the longtime wife of Graham Nash, and at the time of filming Tiffany Bolling had been involved with Stephen Stills, so here is a movie that has cast the girlfriends of three seminal "California sound" artists who were frequent collaborators. However, the women were not aware of that status during filming - Major's scenes were shot separately from Bolling and Sennett, the latter two women did not know each other socially despite having boyfriends in the same band, and due to the antagonistic nature of their characters, were not inclined to hang out between takes.
This set up allows me to set up quickly and clean up quickly. No paint on my hands, clothes or in my house!!! Hope this helps. Better to be painting than to be cleaning.
The next time I’m in Taos I’ll see if Don Rumsfeld wants to get together for a scotch, and listen to some of these cd’s. What he thinks about them at this point is an unknown unknown.-Jim Webb
I don’t know about you, but I’m still recovering from the heartache of last week’s elimination show. It was bad enough Elise went home, but for Elise to go home after that gag-tastic TMZ segment, after Stefano proved once and for all that you don’t have to be talentless to make bad music, and after America officially dashed any hope I was holding on to of seeing a lady take the Idol Title (by sending Skylar Laine to the bottom 3 on her best night yet whilst saving Bobby Newport after… well, another week that was identical in every way to every other week of the competition thus far)… it was pretty excruciating all around. On the upside, I finally got around to downloading some of this season’s studio recordings, and can we talk for a second about how totally BAD ASS Elise’s Bold as Love recording is? I mean, all of her recordings are stellar, and they make me even more excited to buy her album, but Bold as Love… DAAAAAANG!
Gotye performs “Eyes Wide Open”
He died of cancer on June 21, 1940 railing against the machine but proud of his service in the Marine Corps.
I am very open to any tips, suggestions, recommendations, etc that any experienced chicken owners have.
So these are the women that have inspired me this year, and in some way have influenced my style (be it sense of style or lifestyle) in their own varying ways.
for the Imagine:
"Oh, I don't know, Cara, whatever..." (Oh, she's so polite!)
See ABBA.
no longer. This is probably just a sign that we didn't choose the rainy
Feta cheese (plain or Mediterranean flavored), crumbled
Apparently she is called Lauren Goodger and has just started selling her own range of fake tan products called Lauren's Way. It seems that every person off the TV has to have some money making sideline, whether it's writing novels, designing clothing or cooking food.
“The more laws, the less justice.”
Stay tuned next week for another amazing new shop from Etsy and thanks for visiting the Sunburnt Cow Handmade Shop!
The power in a Motor depends on its Speed and Torque in the shaft. Torque is the twisting force by the motor. Motor speed is measured in terms of RPM (Revolution Per Minute) and the Torque is measured in terms of Pound Feet or lb-ft.
-able to drive- pref own a car
I have not written about this very much before because at the time I was very stressed. Blogging was the last thing on my mind.
Last night was one of those times.
This got us to talking about how most “older” readers like my mom and aunty’s age theoretically should like ebook readers over paperback or hardcover books, for the simple fact that they can adjust the font size to be as large as they need it to be. Also, for the iPad at least, the screen is larger, although you have a heaver device with the larger screen.
State Assemblyman Rory Lancman (D-Fresh Meadows) is ratcheting up his charge for Congress — and he’s starting at the local level.
I give thanks for my curious & fun loving nature.
Poor car.
As Nick Griffin pointed out when addressing the BNP Activists and listening members of the public:
There aren't any new colors in it (colors include: baja breeze, daffodil delight, lucky limeade, rich razzleberry, rose red, and tangerine tango) but I did change my colors up a bit on my card. I know that it uses tangerine tango but I thought the little flower print looked more like calypso coral. So, I tried some out next to it and it looked pretty good and I liked my color combo better with the coral than with the tangerine. Can't tell can you? :-) That's why I love our products, they intermix so well together!!!
Actually, there are a couple of statues of Sybil and she has her own stamp, but I had never heard of her. There are so many things we weren’t taught in school!
So I quickly went and found the next best thing.
Only some awareness
Our lovely host James Franco managed to look decidedly kool through the show. He was kool and collected, and possibly a bit detached. One of his outfits did stand out though. I think he rocked the Marilyn look. Mostly because of his arms.
It is also a very unfortunate time to be barefoot, in pajamas, with wet hair dripping in your face. It is an unfortunate time to scurry about a dark campus searching for phone service… or at least a conscious ear. It is an unfortunate time for the temperature to be twenty degrees Fahrenheit.
To reinforce this concept further, the students took turn role playing different situations in which they could practice this new skill.
I have spent too much time in Salvation History to define God as anything other than what Samuel Clements said of him. God was, and apparently still is, a very angry person who was/is stacked full of vengeance. He was and still is an avenging God. Indeed my blog places emphasis on this horrible fact. Today, there are a couple of hatred Hollywood movie stars who could play the part of God without even memorizing the part. They are the complete opposite of Charlton Heston or George Burns This God can whack humanity at free will because humanity has declared “open season” upon itself. However, it’s fine to quote Judeo/Christianity scriptures and point out the flood, Sodom and Gomorrah, but to claim that God engineered the tumble of Wall Street is far reaching.
'RUOK?'
Hello, readers, and welcome to my second half century. I have so many fun things planned for us while I'm still lucid (and continent). First, to announce the winner of the June/July issue of Vogue Patterns!
This is very interesting finding and I have suspected that most cancers have a viral etiology.
This Academy pattern has no description, but the illustration is self-explanatory:
Please understand, I'm not totally naïve. I know there are times when we must protect our country from attack, and that we must be prepared to sacrifice lives to do it. In fact, we live in such a time right now. If ever we needed a military to defend our homeland from invasion, it is now -- in Arizona! But the policy of the feds is to sacrifice lives to protect oil and somehow reform very traditional Islamic societies in Iraq and Afghanistan -- not to provide for the national defense.
Hi! I’m so late for the last two looks for Tick Tock Cosmetics :( I feel really bad but I was a little busy with the renovation of my bedroom. Anyway I’ve made this look a time ago and I’m happy how this turned out, especially the full face picture – Jessica Rabbit wannabe style, lol. The pictures are more on the low quality side, sorry for that :/
And she’s not a lady who was ever attracted to you philosophy
Combine dry ingredients in a bowl. Add the dry ingredients, mixing until just combined. Add the key lime juice and vodka, and thoroughly mix. Once mixed, add milk and beat until combined.
Thanks for visiting me today. I hope you will be back real soon for another great project.
They acted like it should have been perfect because I wrote it, even though I told them it was first draft writing and explained some of my writing process. I hope that at least a few of them got the idea of first draft writing. The idea of multiple drafts and revision is so foreign to them. They want to write it once and be done with it.
The hottest trend this season is color blocking. I know it's hard to pull off this trend, so the best way to do it is to incorporate pops of color into your wardrobe through accessories. My fav? Laura Vela's magenta hangbag pictured above.
I also went to a baby shower yesterday and had a great time! Other than that, not much else happening in my life. So, I will get on with this week’s Q & A for Meet Me on Monday!
At which point she is a rebel rouser. A nuisance. "Why doesn't she shut up already?" some think and many students say.
The Year Without a Santa Claus ... ABC Family ... 9 PM
By John Eggerton — Broadcasting & Cable, 3/27/2012 4:02:39 PM
Maggie, I want you to know that if it wasn't for you and the love that mom and dad have for the Airedale breed because of you, I would have never come to live here. I just wanted you to know that. Thank you! I miss you TONS!
(For instance, “Your Cousin’s On Cops” is about Breezy’s cousin being arrested near the Indianapolis 500.)
Steele stands ready to paint with a broad brush those White people who deviate from this neutral (or might one say neutered?) stance as “white supremacists.” The European imperialist who reached across the seas and colonized foreign lands demonstrated his white supremacist hubris, and the whites, who today, strive to preserve the racial and cultural uniqueness of his group — according to Steele — demonstrates the same “white supremacist” tendencies. Whites do not possess the option to operate in their own self-interest.
Divide the feta between both ramekins, and season with salt and pepper. Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until the egg yolks have just set. Garnish with chives and serve. Enjoy!
10:56 PM – Oh goody! Johnny Ace is in the house. Johnny says stuff. I wasn’t really listening.
Label: Org Records
The index identifies metropolitan areas that have shown improvement from their respective troughs in housing permits, employment and house prices for at least six consecutive months.
314) round table seating eight
And your payback for my earlier neener-neener comes in the form of all that PITA time I spent messing with the dink motor under that merciless Apollonian glare, getting a splotchy, directional sunburn for my efforts. Ack! Oh well, we once again had a working dink motor. Hooray for that.
'So let me get this right'.
From the Sacramento Bee…
We frequently eat these at our house so my challenge was to find a different recipe. I came across this recipe on a site called Yummly.com. I made a few changes such as using brown sugar instead of granulated sugar and drizzling with Karo syrup. I thought I had a box of French Vanilla Cake mix and that would have taken this recipe through the roof! The boys all gave it a thumbs up so I guess its a keeper!
3 tbsp sugar
On this mother's day eve, I thought, wow my kids not only have me as their mother, but also my three sisters who are mother figures for them. Since we have all lived together at some point throughout their lives, all three play big roles in their upbringing even as they are becoming young adults. Each of us give them love and support, but each of us do it in our own ways:
But nuclear waste experts say the Japanese are literally playing with fire in the way nuclear spent fuel continues to be stored onsite, especially in reactor 4, which contains the most irradiated fuel — 10 times the deadly cesium-137 released during the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident. These experts also charge that the NRC is letting this threat fester because acknowledging it would call into question safety at dozens of identically designed nuclear power plants around the U.S., which contain exceedingly higher volumes of spent fuel in similar elevated pools outside of reinforced containment.
My thoughts postpone,
Alter ego has his shit together, or as my dad would say, he has his poop in a group.
I added the shadows in on the Penny Farthing after seeing Jane's absolutely fabulous scene. Jane is an artist and her attention to detail is second to none, well worth a visit.
He led her to the huge beautiful bed and entered her awaiting wetness. He almost blacked out feeling the silky-smooth sensation wrapped around his pulsating stiffness. Oh, it surpassed anything their dreams ever fathomed. Their entwined bodies danced to a song only they heard—lingering in their lovemaking never wanting it to end.
I watched my dad wondering what in the world was he trying to do, I was slightly annoyed and slightly amused, but mostly annoyed; and I tried to ask my dad what he was trying to do, so I could try to help him.
we’d find our way
The Electoral Act prohibits persons from 'impersonating' other parties and or candidates and prohibits the distribution of false information. As such the DA has laid criminal charges against the ANC and has submitted a formal complaint to the Provincial Electoral Officer, Mr Steve Ngwenya.
His work has been featured in a multitude of publications including British House and Garden, The World of Interiors, Domino, Traditional Home and Elle Décor, British Homes & Gardens and Quest. Michael also writes a great blog about his daily life and current projects which I really enjoy following.
Select an operation to perform: 2
until the world is long lines,
I close the door behind me and leave myself out there – on the other side of that door. The door is dark brown, fake wood, but made so it looks like it was made of real planks. I can see the peaks, the triangle-tops, count the rings of the fake tree. The room is dimly lit, as the only light in it is coming from behind half-closed curtains hanging in front of a window high up on the wall, and a desk lamp. The desk lamp is shaped like a ball and doesn’t provide much light. Yet, there seems to be too much light in that room. It’s blinding me, making it hard to breathe right. I’m focusing on inhaling, not too much, not enough for him to notice, only to let the air leave my lungs as silently as it entered.
Dearly Beloved,
Eye colors: Verve, Pistol, Busted.
Just as we arrived in Salisbury the clouds darkened and it started to rain fervently. We geared up and confronted the rain until we entered the cathedral. Salisbury Cathedral was definitely a highlight for us as we enjoyed its architecture and historical aspects, including the world's oldest working clock and the best surviving of the four original copies of the Magna Carta.
Here's where having lots of kids works in your favor.
What does your day look like? What do you need to improve upon?
good punch of salt
“I was playing with that idea of temporality and the decorative and the fragility of what is around us— if you even notice it being fragile,” she said. Another piece had Faler creating a paper bicycle and placing that in the snow to photographed.
So, here is just a random list of happiness with my mom that I will always cherish....
This will allow you to easily view our page without having to type any links in.
Lastly came the Burton Baton, a beer I had yet to try. This beer is a blend of the 90 Minute with an oak-aged English strong ale, and while it didn't seem incredibly standout, there was enough of a unique quality to it that I bought a four-pack in order to sit down with a bottle in the near future. I'm wondering if the plethora of flavors on my tongue got in the way of tasting this one at the end of the line.
3 tablespoons light mayonnaise
2) You can borrow a colleague’s scissors, trim your nasal hair, then return them without her being any the wiser…
We also have a new challenge starting today at the little darlings challenge blog and the theme this week is flowers so link up your cards for the chance to be in out top 3 .You will also find some candy over at the blog all you need to do to have a chance of winning is leave a comment there will be a random winner announced on friday
The Victorian Women of Beer presented by The Beer Diva is a five part, five beer, six woman show dedicated to bringing the joys of good beer to those for whom this mysterious amber liquid is ... well ... a mystery.
Advertisers will want, more generally, to avoid programs with serious complexities and disturbing controversies that interfere with the “buying mood.” They seek programs that will lightly entertain and thus fit in with the spirit of the primary purpose of program purchases-the dissemination of a selling message. Thus over time, instead of programs like “The Selling of the Pentagon,” it is a natural evolution of a market seeking sponsor dollars to offer programs such as “A Bird’s-Eye View of Scotland,” “Barry Goldwater’s Arizona,” “An Essay on Hotels,” and “Mr. Rooney Goes to Dinner”-a CBS program on “how Americans eat when they dine out, where they go and why.” There are exceptional cases of companies willing to sponsor serious programs, sometimes a result of recent embarrassments that call for a public-relations offset. But even in these cases the companies will usually not want to sponsor close examination of sensitive and divisive issues-they prefer programs on Greek antiquities, the ballet, and items of cultural and national history and nostalgia. Barnouw points out an interesting contrast: commercial-television drama “deals almost wholly with the here and now, as processed via advertising budgets,” but on public television, culture “has come to mean ‘other cultures.’ . . . American civilization, here and now, is excluded from consideration.”
“You look like an onion.”
Therefore if one dislikes something, one will turn to their social group via social media and air his/her grievances in hopes that at least one other person feels the same way. Once a group has gathered to support a particular grievance, the “complaining” will continue because it is a method of feeling accepted for the person who started the whole thing in the first place.
At the moment I'm locked up in the hospital as the Doctors try to stop my cervix from shortening and my uterus from contracting. Uterus is such a weird word. Anyway, it looks like I'm here for at least the weekend. Plan right now is to have me on MgSO4 (which is EVIL) for 48 hours, then switch me over to Procardia to see if that will stop the cramping/contractions. As long as the Procardia works, I will be able to go home. If it doesn't...I'm going to be here for a while. So here's praying! The girls need to cook a little longer but I'd feel better if they cooked at home where my bed doesn't sound like a spaceship, I don't have to have my blood pressure checked every hour, and I can wear my own clothes. Hospital gowns are so overrated.
Origen: Or we may suppose this fulfilled in the case of those Jews who, knowing Christ, believed in Him. But what follows, “But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir, come let us kill him, and let us seize on the inheritance,” was fulfilled in those who saw Christ, and knew Him to be the Son of God, yet crucified Him.
O it’s “Thank you, Mister Atkins,” when the band begins to play.
If you stare at the center of the image, it looks as if the outer rings are rotating in alternating directions—an effect meant to mesmerize the viewer. Photo courtesy of Todd A. Carpenter
Self: “You definitely need your money back.”
And a few more "sweet" things for you this Monday morning...I love browsing on pinterest looking for those fun inspirational prints/posters. I love things like that. Here are a few things that got me inspired and made me feel good this morning...hope it does the same for you!
Here's to finding your next diamond on the side of the road!
“I’ll be back in about 30 to 45 minutes,” mom told me as she almost couldn’t get out of the car. I had to give her a big push on her rear-end and she stood up. lol Mom’s car sits so low to the ground.
(I wonder if you can still get Dream Topping?)
Note that you should be running as root while you are configuring and/or installing Asterisk and any related programs, or else be using sudo in front of all commands entered at the Linux command prompt during the configuration and installation process. Otherwise files may be installed with the wrong permissions and/or ownership, and things won’t work!
(Srimad Bhagavatam 4.8.54 Purport)
I'll leave you with one final picture - Boy Son v Little Son;
or in death
Poodles are renowned for their high intelligence, which they may use for good or evil. Teddy had no trace of evil in his composition. But... I don't think he was particularly blessed in the brain department either. Something had run low before his Maker got to the end of his gene sequence. Or maybe Ted had gone for a drink of water and had forgotten to come back to claim his full neurone allocation.
So I invented myself as a Reggae Musician. It was a complete transformation. I didn’t know it then, but it wasn’t real, for it ended when I ended my involvement with the band by quitting over something probably frivolous. But that’s another story for another time. I want to talk to you about something else. So listen:
I was the child who most believed was not worthy of the risk...
What to do next? Well, in about a week I will be heading home to visit for the Labor Day weekend. This will be the first time I've seen everyone since left. I leave here Wed. night, August 31st & will be home until early evening on Tuesday, September 6th. I'm going up for Mom's birthday. I'm excited to see everyone & hangout with family & friends. Mom's been telling me about some of her ideas & it sounds like its going to be a fun time.
Tomasz…You can follow him at @dkingpin.
9. Have you lost weight in the past? If so, what has worked in the past to help you lose weight?
Being aware of what is behind you or inside of you gives you the chance to create your vision of success. Once you have decided the change you want to be and create then be conscious of doing so. If nothing else be conscious of creating a single change within you each day, see how things are different then create another change until you reach your vision of success. If nothing changes within you then nothing changes in what you are manifesting.
disheartened
Ben-Zion Netanyahu was to be buried in Jerusalem on Monday. He is survived by his sons, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Iddo Netanyahu, a physician, author and playwright. He'll be missed.
Above, a woman watched an impromptu speech. The demonstration took on the qualities of a street fair. People came to Bourguiba Avenue with their families, carrying toddlers on their shoulders.
When putting this in the context of “innovation,” Gichuki typically fails to recognize how innovative his approaches are. He intuitively modifies his programs based on “what works” so effortlessly that he doesn’t keep good records of all the failed approaches along the way. Continuous community feedback keeps him on the right track.
-Zest and juice of 1/2 a lemon
In the picture, Jessica is wearing a pink blouse and black jeans. She is having a conversation with Sungmin and Luna.
the idea of the soul is more powerful to me than my own soul
I tried to make it work
There is not much to dislike about One Man Two Guvnors. Classic British seaside comedy. Cockneys, pubs, cross dressing, welsh accents, toffs, innuendo and slapstick. The perfect remedy for feeling a little blue.
This was a great week in food for me so my WIAW . I cooked some amazing dishes and ate some delicious ( and sometimes unhealthy dishes) out. I also have an yummy and quick breakfast recipe for you.
The greatest threat of infringement litigation appears to come from competitors at a similar level on the value chain, the study also showing that neither the small size of an SME nor the large size of a company’s patent portfolio can guarantee immunity from suit.
#02-42
Here are the stats: OG=1043. Target OG was 1045.
Blu-ray on the PlayStation 4 is a dead cert. While digital distribution is undoubtedly the way forward, not every PlayStation owner has access to a fast broadband connection.
The character I play in the movie is Melodie, Schmidt’s next door neighbour. Melodie is the hot girl in school who everyone has a crush on including Schmidt. When he asks her to the prom she feels guilty saying no but is also embarrassed that the other students including the hot football player Jenko can see her talking to the nerdiest guy in school. Jenko eavesdrops on Schmidt’s pathetic attempt to ask Melodie to the prom and makes fun of him causing Schmidt to choke up and run away.
She was precise and meticulous in her choice of words. The amendment statute was annexed to the Separation Agreement, which we then registered with the United Nations. The then Commonwealth Secretary Arthur Bottomley said that if other federations were to separate, he hoped they would do it as professionally as Singapore and Malaysia.
