Schwarzenegger who toured the area devastated by Tea fire said: “When you walk around the area that was destroyed, it looks like hell.”
Here are some before and afters...
The colors are Wild Wasabi, More Mustard and Pretty in Pink. The stamp sets are Vintage Vogue and Just Believe.
I am sure that everyone has their favorite tomato sandwich. The BLT is famous. Adding avocado makes it all rich and creamy. Mayo or butter, salt and pepper, or not, veggies, or just the tomatoes being the star, I salivate as I layer my ingredients. I don't know that I ever make the exact same sandwich twice. It varies based on what I have on hand or my mood. Always, I must sop up the juices that seep from the tomatoes with every bite into the delectable sandwiches. And, today, my first bite elicited grunting, animalistic, carnal grunting, at the beauty of a simple sandwich. Garden fresh Tomato Sandwiches are So Hott! On My Plate.
Granola and energy bars
The weather today is a seasonal mix of cloudy drizzle. Much different from the high 70′s low 80′s (F) the previous week. There is a sunny patch to be had however, our forsythia is in full bloom. I hope your week is off to a great start too.
And then my world crumbled around me. I found out my ex was not the man he pretended to be. Toward the very end, he gave me a password for his cell phone account. He was trying to earn my trust back, and I asked him, “Am I going to find any more lies when I look at this account?” He assured me I wouldn’t. So, I went through his cell phone records, only to find that he’d been texting with Tina daily behind my back for about eight months, all the while deleting any evidence of these conversations from his phone.
It's just not going to be possible to turn even the stubbornest of noses up at this highly appealing session ale.
Your number this month -1
I think I could homeschool a hundred years and still not come up with a perfect list of language arts resources. But that won't stop me from telling you what I am currently using with my grade schoolers, for what that's worth! Here are my recommendations, separated into the ten components that I listed before.
I guess all that I'm saying, is, respect each other as friends and rivals, but most importantly, representatives of your community. I hope that some of the current generation of El Paso XC runners reads this and tells me I am wrong, that it is the same. If not, band together and make me wrong.
Although I’ve never been to New Zealand, I have a dog-walking friend who’s from Christchurch, and every time we walk the dogs together I learn a bit more about it, and especially on how her family and friends are coping after the earthquake. I think that’s why I feel so proud and excited to be on your blog, and it’s making me even more determined to get across there one day!
9/29/2008 - Charlotte, NC - Belk Theater
Then America meets Prince Maxon. Gradually, she starts to question all the plans she's made for herself- and realizes that the life she's
I'm still dwelling in a mine-field of decorating disorder, not helped by a few days in bed due to my vintage mama status. So sorry, not many desk hops last week. Thanks for all the visits and Congrats to April. The mini stamps are all yours!
We barely had a budget for staples when I first came on the scene, now we are in much better shape. But to keep doing what we’re doing we need the love and support of our community near and far. So if you feel like you can make a donation to this group that changed my life, that taught me not to be afraid, click here.
However, after surgery—even with eye glasses or contact lenses this eye will still have poorer image quality than the good eye. Thus, the risk for amblyopia remains high. Therefore, nonsurgical treatment for lazy eye is often started after cataract surgery.
JUNE 1988 – JULY 1989
The 4 star Thompson Toronto situated in the heart of the eclectic art and design neighbourhood of King’s Street West, has brought its own element of cool to already trendy Toronto. With Toronto’s first rooftop pool bar and lounge, the Thompson Toronto has been entertaining guests and locals alike all year-round. Those looking to book a new hotel that promises the best in urban glamor will love the Thompson Toronto. Find yourself only a short stroll away from the Luminato festivities!
So I quit, I DNF’ed, I stopped, I chucked ‘er in. I know this is just a race and I get to do this – no one is forcing me. But quitting is just something I never thought I’d do.
-can become a very interesting made-for-tv movie.
Bind us together with love.
We should not forget that the annual “net” immigration figure, which the government publishes, does not take into account how many of those leaving the country are indigenous Britons who are replaced by immigrants, and the numbers classified as British born who are of foreign ancestry. As a consequence the official figure seriously underestimates the overall demographic change.
Taking sides
For now I will just breath…
It took the police a month to conduct their investigation, and last Friday they pounced on Tsheounyani while he was at work.
When did it stop feeling like a game? “When they killed my best friend. We were like brothers.”
Mr Masing’s reaction has been to cut Frusis Lebi’s disability payments of a mere RM300 a month and to make the public warning “jangan lawan tow key” (obey the boss) to anyone else who should dare to work for the opposition!
For the live action part of the Disney movie "The Reluctant Dragon" large size character illustrations were needed to dress up the set. The movie opened in June of 1941, so these photos were probably taken earlier that year.
ANGELA: I’m sure she’s realizing it more and more.
These three cards share the same supplies: one sheet of damask paper, one sheet of pink cardstock, one sheet of ivory cardstock, and pink ribbon.
And, we had a wonderful Christmas dinner at my brother and sister-in-law's house with most of the cousins. We're eagerly anticipating the arrival of the rest from Williamsburg. Can't wait.
Doc: "Psych! I got your note. I wore a bullet proof vest."
I hope to have this baby look good as new, with a fun Candy Skein logo on the face plate in no time (or when I can find time before the middle of April). Each slot can hold mini skeins in different colorways!! I'm so excited about it, I can't even explain to you. It was a little pricey, even after getting 10% knocked off, but I knew I had to have it after some great debate. It's one of those things that you know if you walk away, you won't stop thinking about it. Then when you go back? Of course it will be gone. It's not every day you see one of these.
Max Ackerson I've always wanted to try forging, like making a sword or some armor.
P.S. One hundred pennies to the person who can find the bit of Christmas left in the Bub’s room. I keep forgetting about it. :)
Rich has the week off next week and we plan to spend as much time doing this as the weather will allow!! Don't tell anyone, but I think I might even pull Brenna out of school for a few hours so we can do some serious hunting!!! :) If you are looking for a fun, cheap hobby for the whole family....you have to give Geocaching a try!!
Here is the link to the main asset site. From here you can click on the link that says, "PBS Learning Media"
On Monday February 22 Ansie and I went out on Franklin Avenue to recruit people for interviews. Ansie is our newest member and a friend of our crew. We went to different businesses such as grocery stores, restaurants, and laundromats. The business owners were really nice; they let us put up our signs inside their business and agreed to give our business cards to their customers. The two men from The Pulp and The Bean were exceptionally nice.
Press reports made much of the fact that Stephenson had a £12,000 stay in a health spa that the owners had 'forgotten' to give him a bill for. It's easily done, my workplace is always doing twelve grand's worth of work for a solitary client and then and absent mindedly neglecting to ask for payment. And a copper taking a massive freebie is in no way suspicious at all.
On the menu: dressing, turkey, ham, cranberry sauce, mac and cheese, sweet potato casserole, rolls, and tea. We had a blast sitting around the table talking, telling stories, and just being with each other.
Fate had other ideas, however, for when his expensive auto, a Morgan Roadsters, breaks down in a small seaside village he is unexpectedly encountered by a copper-haired surfer god, who—in Alec’s eyes—emerges from the sea like the male version of The Birth of Venus.
3 cups Corn Flour
Welcome to episode 4 of Cinefessions, the solo podcast dedicated to the confessions of a cinephile. In Cinefessions, I talk through film reviews, recommendations, and plenty of other things you may not care about. This week on the show, the first ever Cinefessions Movie Marathon continues with a review of Resident Evil: Extinction (2007), the third film in the series. I also ask for listener feedback to help me decide where Cinefessions should go next. Be sure to let your opinion be heard.
It was with high hopes that I darkened the doors of YaYa Cafe and Shaved Ice for the first time a few weeks ago. I sampled their spring rolls, a pork vermicelli bowl, and the wonton soup.
Music and laughter ... universal languages. Is there anything better than the sound of a baby's unbridled belly laugh? That in itself sounds like music. We cross our eyes and stick out our tongues and make all kinds of faces at them, tickle their chubby little bellies, and make weird noises, just to entertain them, hoping to see and hear their precious laughter.
A few minutes later at 9.43AM, this SMS came from her: “Dont worry. Pzawi akan datang. Dia br jer called deq… sabar. Deq tak rasa guilty pun asked u to go. Sooner or later kena gak face it.”
About half an hour after I had finished eating what I ate, I started to feel sick to my stomach.
A Provocative Version Perspective:
Derry City v Cork City – Friday 7.45
No wonder the general public are feeling like children who question why they have to do something and are given no better answer than “because mummy says so”.
Nonetheless, I’m waiting to see how this all plays out and how our Crown Prince and Fruit Girl fall in love in 2012. 3,000 points for the drama if they somehow manage to go back in time together. And 5 bonus points if Crown Prince recognizes Evil Cousin from the old world.
Sita’s Ramayana by Samhita Arni, illustrations by Moyna Chitrakar (Groundwood Books, 2011). The Ramayana, one of the greatest legends of ancient India, is presented in the form of a visually stunning and gripping graphic novel, told from the perspective of the queen, Sita (Grade 6 & above).
Her part was only about 3 minutes. He he. But I just felt soooo proud when I saw her running on the field with the flag!
Equestrian shopping.
Finally a word about the food. The menu is brewpub/sportsbar: burgers, fries, sandwiches, etc. I had the Old South pulled pork sandwich which was very good and upgraded to onion rings which were excellent. From this small sample I expect the rest of the food to be done well with good attention to detail.
Good luck everyone and happy beading!
I personally already have been doing most of the things in this book, but I still found it interesting to read through the book and see the reasons behind the tips and advice she is teaching.
If we join the euro, they wrote, "we shall over time achieve higher living standards . This is because we shall be full members of a huge single market, which can achieve the economies of scale and competitive excellence that a single currency has made possible in the US. From our greater wealth we shall be able to pay for the better hospitals, schools, houses and railways that we all aspire to".
Provincial departments throughout the country face a collective 1,640 investigations as a result of irregular activity, particularly in supply-chain management - a division through which contracts and tenders are awarded to national and provincial departments.
Part of Mavericks' problem may be the teaching model: Parking troubled kids in front of a computer and hoping they'll learn — instead of watching the latest Kardashian viral video on YouTube. Research shows that for virtual learning to work, "Students need to be very self disciplined and have supportive environments," Miron says. "If they're not self-guided and self-motivated, then it's gonna be a hard match."
You're probably going, "Uh, duh!" but seriously, this can be a tedious and somewhat stressful task. Where will you find your coupons? Online? In a weekly flyer? The newspaper? You have a lot of options. Here are my favorites and just a few to get your started:
How happy I was this weekend, then, to settle in with Inside Out & Back Again, the 2011 National Book Award winner for Young People's Literature. It's, well: it's perfect. A story told as a child truly sees. A collection of free-verse poems that set the small things (the taste of papaya) against the big things (the consequences of an abrupt flight from home) and makes us feel, deeply, what it is to lose everything that defines you, and what it is to start all over again.
We would walk until the night came and the stars became our audience.
I sold a few at the Farmer's Market yesterday, and may put some up on Etsy. After I got home from Market, I had a bee in my bonnet to take the boys to the Family Fun Fest in Grand Blanc. I think listening to the carnival sounds and smelling popcorn all day made the festival irresistible. So after I rushed home, I changed my clothes and had Steve help me get the kiddos ready. We got a pizza on the way (my picky eaters won't even eat Carnie Food - what is that about?) and had a picnic in the park before going to the carnival. Mikey decided he was content to play at the park playground, as was Dad (he said just listening to the Tilt-A-Whirl made him nauseous), so Johnny and I took off for carnival fun.
A music prodigy, Chiaki sees everyone around him as an idiot. From to his perfectionist music style to his tidy apartment, Chiaki does everything by the book. Like Naoki, he’s pompous, is a good cook, and is admired by many of the students at his school, especially women. However, he isn’t ‘perfect’ at everything and does have weaknesses, including a fear of flying that is preventing him from accomplishing his dream of travelling to Europe so he can study to become a famous conductor. And despite his arrogance, he often gets roped into doing favors for his classmates (usually due to Nodame’s whims), so while he may be berating them he’s still helping them out. In particular, he shows concern for Nodame when she does something foolish (which is often), which reveals his feelings for her. As the series progresses, Chiaki realizes how snobby he used to be and starts to loosen up.
Quidnunc – An inquisitive person, always seeking for news. The Latin words translated simply signify, “What now?”
Five hundred and fifty or so yards of offense and a +5 in turnover margin is a pretty good formula for a rout. And a rout it was. Even Cory Phillips contributed, going 2 for 3 passing and leading the Dawgs to their final score of the game.
Step three is really just not over-doing it with offers, but over-doing it with free, great content, and other usable advice, tips, recommendation. Your list will come to love you and look forward to your emails.
Republican sympathisers
Then Akshay got one SMS and he suddenly stood up. Came directly to our table and shouted,
Extras. Information: Originally, “Sommerstaun” had become a 10-minute short film in the large and upbeat Euro-anthology. But because of financial problems, the project successfully glued, and Meadows had to finish a piece of yourself. A couple of months before the British blew up the script a full scale meter, and then quietly released his tape to the festival arena.
We don’t want a police force that hides its blunders and conceals important crimes. It is certainly not in the interests of justice, but nor is it in the interests of the police themselves to lose trust as a result of concealment, as Mr Hogan-Howe should have the gumption to realise.
This would be the last year New York hosted the Oscars. And this would be the last hurrah for the New Century Theatre as well. It would be torn down in 1962 and replaced with the rather sleek, curvy 200 Central Park South co-op.
When completely cool, store in an airtight container.
Except, I'm not the one who did that... unless you think that they chose fortune cookies for his flavour by rolling a D20. e_e
MINUSES - No player position on the front and very little information on the front. The player name and position on the back is really weird and should have been formatted differently.
The new feature provides links to organ donation registries in the U.S. and the U.K, with widespread rollout planned in the coming months.
That's right. Food is such an important part of our lives that I think it's definitely deserving of it's own little binder tribute!
"Almost done," he apologizes.
New Colony Six- Come And Give Your Love To Me
The Firm Foam pads offer better ink coverage and, in turn, better stamped images. In addition, please note the following about the new catalog:
Pre-science is when it’s followers aren’t even in agreement about the fundamentals of it, and it isn’t very effective at solving practical problems. Normal science is when its members are in agreement about fundamentals, experimental methods and standards about what is scientific and reasonable. At the same time, followers of normal science (normal scientists) are pretty unquestioning about all those things, and only start to question them if there is a crisis – that situation when your theories just don’t fit with observable reality. Despite that, normal science is pretty effective at solving practical problems and getting somewhere, precisely because its members work using the same rules and don’t spend tons of time questioning them.
Cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar is completely dissolved.
This really is a unique and innovative swaddle blanket. At first I wasn't sure if I had received this blanket too late. Baby Harold has been preferring his arms out of the swaddle when I was wrapping him in his other blankets. But, I decided to give The Miracle Blanket a shot.
"Okay, I'm confused. Why don't you start from the beginning..."
“When life notices how much you give, and more importantly, notices that you give equally to all sides of the coin, this is when you truly become successful. In fact, this is what defines true happiness from empty success.”
Chelsea's answer was, "Well. I'm actually in Roanoke right now. Do you remember that lady who was a Kappa at A&M who owns the bakery down here? Well I never did pay her for the cake she made for Natalie's baby shower. So I'm taking care of that. Oh! And I had lunch at the cutest place while I was down here too. We'll have to go and try it some time. I think you'd really like it. I had a salad with grilled chicken, but they have other stuff too. Oh! And don't be mad, but I had to buy some things while I was down here. Kimba and I are putting a little gift together for a friend of ours. Kimba's going to pay me back for half, but I went ahead and got everything. It's going to turn out really cute, I think... So anyway, I'm finishing up here and then I'll head to the vet."
The real problem with my organization is...I keep finding more stuff. Stuff I didn't know I had. Stuff I thought I already dealt with.
The zoo is simply a better habitat for the animals, Hupp said, and that way, more people get to enjoy them.
Quoth he, "We shall not differ."
For Tempering
9 humans
By the time I was half finished with the second novel (which is now with the publisher) I had decided on the title for it: Over Water. I tied it into the story a couple of ways, though it wasn’t as metaphorical in some ways as with the first novel. It fit what I was going for, though, and I think there are a couple ways in which it really works with the story.
Side Two
After watching this trailer twice, the tone of it is very eerie. This is Bane’s showcase. He will bring Gotham to it’s knees. He will finish the job, Joker began. That’s the sense I get, this is a force no one was prepared for. The evil that comes with Bane will be unmatched.
I would suffer in place of them.
It seems impossible under black government for any undertaking or institution to be cared for, or kept up, or carried on. Some individual, in an ambitious moment, makes a start, but the beginning of any enterprise whatsoever is also the end; no one bothers to go on with it.
Who is Hal shouting at? Is he trying to save the robot from Hex? I am completely lost here, folks.
Congratulations! Please email sponsorptt@hotmail.com to claim your prize and winners badge. Please put PTT#63 & the name of your prize in the subject line (Ex. Winner PTT#63-Bugaboo). Thank you. Please claim your prize by April 30th.
This was aged for seven months and was apparently the first beer aged in the phunk barrel way back when. The implication is that it has quite a bit of age on it at this point. Notice how much clearer Da Phunk is than Phruit Phunk and later on in this post the Phunkin' Wishniak. Much thinner body as well. Some tartness and vinegar in the nose but very mild. A little sourness at first with some caramel notes. Much less sweet, though, from the Brett yeast eating away at the sugars. This was another one that grew on me as I drank it as at first it was almost too thin and not flavorful enough. However, the subtle flavors grew on me until blending into something delicious. I'd call this more of a starter sour as it was calm enough for beginner palates. Not my favorite but still quite enjoyable.
After 9/11, I put the Institute on hiatus and, not until 2010 did I revive its popular list of “The Most Boring Celebrities of the Year”, but my absence of nearly a decade ensured a limited media response. I had, however, learned a lot about boredom’s impact on our lives.
It's worth remembering that we seem to be much more sensitive to distinction based on a unique value for a single property rather than on a unique combination of properties. So we'll typically be told a simple story rather than given a nuanced analysis of the product's advantages.
10. The Adele Pandora station. I'm convinced I'll find our first dance song here.
“You’ve eaten my Christmas socks?”
As an unmarried man, childless man, I have a freedom to spend time with my friends whenever they're free, and pretty much participate in whatever activity they're interested in doing. Now, I don't expect life to be exactly the same once I get married, and especially once I have kids, but I've never understood this phenomenon of men (and women) essentially disappearing from their lives with their friends, and only seeing them on a very infrequent and time-sensitive basis. There's always one person that dominates marriage relationships, and that person's friends inevitably become the other person's friends (by default); the friends of the other person just fall by the wayside, and are only see sporadically, and it's usually when the dominating person it out of town, or spending the day with one of their close friends.
I just became a fan! I have 5 kids under age 7 and it is so hard to keep a hand on all of them when we go anywhere. These would really come in handy!
His speech teacher thought about putting him in a different 1st grade class since he’s in there part time for math. I had to say no to that option, I haven’t been able to figure out the trigger, but there’s definitely something that sets him off in there.
Q. How would you rate the Nigeria of then to the present Nigeria?
The fact that PA has an exclusive claim on authors' print and digital rights does pose a bit of a hurdle in terms of licensing--for those big-ticket US publishers, anyway--but never mind, we aren't supposed to be thinking logically here.
Roasted vegetables and couscous with lettuce (red onion, sweet potato, courgette, peppers, onions)
Do you do blinkies? If you don’t already have our Sketch Challenge Blinkie posted on your blog, we would be honored if you would grab the blinkie HTML code, that may be found on the sidebar, and find a place for it in one of your sidebars. Displaying it on your blog helps us spread the Waltzingmouse Challenge word.
He added that “bus driver salaries for this sector should remain market-driven, and private bus operators should make their own commercial decisions on how to ensure that their businesses remain viable in the face of a tightening labour market.”
1. Preheat the oven and a pizza stone at 500˚ F for at least 30 minutes. Roll out the pizza dough into a 12-14 inch round. Lightly brush the surface of the dough with olive oil.
undertow
On a per-capita basis, that works out to $12,420 for each of the town’s 61,101 residents as estimated by the 2000 Census.
It also implies that they do not invite all their friends to the party.
3.Channa Dal : 2 tbsp
Now the Obama administration is pointing fingers at the Intelligence Community, specifically the Central Intelligence Agency blaming them for the lack of adequate intelligence. Supported by Diana Feinstein and others in questioning yesterday of CIA officials. However it was quickly pointed out by Stephanie O'Sullivan, of the CIA, the administration was notified in late 2010 of the unrest in Egypt. It's the Obama blame game all over again. clik here
Why am I telling you this? Because the way my friend must've felt when she was warning me against Keith? That's how I feel about warning America about THIS hypocritical douche bag:
The old Academy building downtown was razed, with some difficulty, in 1954. The top of the hill was scooped away and a parking lot occupied the site until the Austin Centre/Radisson (later Omni) Hotel was erected between 1984 and 1986. The nuns have been replaced with tourists and conventioneers.
Her beak is crossed,
I am way over due to tell you about the National Registry Exam. I took it on July 16th along with two of my fellow classmates. We all met at a point along the way then carpooled to the test site. We were scheduled within 15 minutes of each other to take the exam. We stopped on the way to have breakfast. A nice little sit down place near the test site served excellent food for a reasonable price and we ate togther while bantering back and forth nervously wishing to get the exam overwith.
I went to Michigan last March to be interviewed for the film. It was a powerful experience, and I felt as though I could say all that was important to me about you and your murder. I hope the film is seen by many people, and that it continues to expand and open the perception of those who are narrow-minded. While I was there, I was able to visit the Pittmann-Puckett Art Gallery. I was proud to know that your presence continues to be felt within that organization. I particularly appreciate that an art gallery was named after you (and Christine). Do you remember that the first college class I ever took was with you? And it was art history?
the bigs went upstairs and played mickey mouse clubhouse.
Throughout the day, I plan to update this blog, twitter style, with my thoughts about my skill set. What do I experience that makes me feel proud? What do I see that makes me feel like a paramecium? It should be a fascinating study.
Morning guys, thanks for stopping by today. Scheduling this post on Wednesday night as I sit watching Apollo 18 - what a load!! HA! Need to get my ass to bed sharpish. At work all day today, then I plan on getting ahead with some Mother's Day orders tonight. Fingers crossed. Nothing ever goes to plan though, does it?!
I'm glad we went to a matinee & had $2 coupons off.
I am well and truly out of balance when I count up MY screen time.
I decided to participate once again in this week’s challenge. I have submitted my piece, The Residents. It turned out super fantastical and the support and commentary I have received is beyond encouraging! Thanks readers! You are the best! Because of this I have also decided to make this a permanent part of my blogging experience.
The father: He was the second person to be shot. He was apparently shot three times, with one shot in the head.
Sometimes i forget to weep for the lost… ALL of the lost.
* Barked at a stranger going past the house.
A few seconds later, she heard a reply – in front of her. “Cousin, is it you?”
Angel Luis Juarbe, 35, New York, N.Y.
Obviously I am proud to be staunchly un-Americanised (please note that I spell it with an ‘s’, not a ‘z’…which I pronounce ‘zed’, rather than ‘zee’). I was, after all, the mother at an International School who sent a pompous note to my daughter’s teacher asking that her spelling list be altered to include the ‘u’ in ‘neighbourhood.’ It was partly my experience of living in an international community in Amsterdam, where gradually you ease ‘Briticisms’ out of your speech for ease of communication, that made me revel in writing such an uncompromisingly British book.
Final messages to say goodbye,
By using examples and analogies from a huge variety of choices, the authors are able to find an idea for everyone. A supermarket of choices, there is bound to be an example that sticks. This broadens the audience and continues to make the book a relatable and practical tool, welcoming to all of those interested in learning about style.
3. Put it into a plastic container. Cover the kimchi with a piece of plastic wrap so it is not exposed to air. Put the lid on and let it sit at room temperature (not in direct sunlight) for a day and a half. Taste it every now and then. If it tastes like it's starting to ferment, then it is ready to go into the fridge. Don't put it in before otherwise you will just end up with lifeless kimchi. (But if you wait too long to put it in it will be too sour and tangy, so be careful.)
Clearly, from my argument above we can determine that judicial activism rests with those who would uphold the idea that citizens about to enter into a transaction are already engaging in commerce. Commerce has never been defined as a transaction yet to happen. That is because it is impossible for anyone, including the government, to objectively, with 100% accuracy, determine if a transaction is to take place in the future. Their admission that virtually everyone engages in healthcare commerce means that some will not. Therefore, those who will not will have their Constitutional rights violated because of the improper use of government. Also, because government cannot determine who will engage in healthcare commerce and who will not it therefore cannot force anyone to purchase health insurance.
*Clutches head*
Boxing Hall of Famer Manny Pacquiao denies affair with sexy starlet;
The blog Gowanus Lounge reminded me of that sensibility. If you don't know it's a blog whose view was the Gowanus section of Brooklyn and whose focus seemed to be all things in the world that effected Brooklyn and vice versa. The blog presented a stream of thought provoking neighborhood news, upcoming events and lighthearted features such as the "Street Couches Series" where they'd post a photo of couches that for reasons left to the imagination, furnished the curbside. I enjoyed the challenge posed by the Street Couch Series to look at more than just the literal and apply my imagination to something others might regard as worn and past it's prime. That's how I took it anyway.
My daddy sat me down
This is how naive I am: a second hand car dealer who seemed genuinely nice was, in fact, just bothered about money and was happy to sell lemons as long as he made money off them. As I write this, I feel stupid. But what a horrible thing to feel sorry for. I feel sorry and ashamed and silly and foolish and stupid… because I trusted someone, because I believed someone, because I believed that I would and could be treated fairly.
K. M. Ross / Tripping / 92-95
Serve on Sociable Crackers
Dealing with a big quilt also has a learning curve. To remove the starch from the fabric, I soaked it in the bathtub, squeezed as much water out as possible, then threw it in the dryer. It proceeded to roll itself into a tight ball, refused to get dry, and instead sprayed half a gallon of water on the basement floor.
That is what my vivid imagination saw. Only it was happening to, you know, MY EYE.
Anyway – we helped bring them back into the real world when they stopped over in Bangkok on their way back to Europe. It was extremely good to see them both, Karim after a few weeks but in different circumstances and Markus after so many years that decades would be a better unit of measurement.
So, my trainer was coming out to give N her lesson last night, and she has yet to see my boy move. I've been waiting to get him going before getting back in to dressage lessons. ANYWAY. She wants to see me longe him, and I hear her catch her breath a couple of times and then she says "wow, Jill....he's VERY lovely." She then goes on to tell me that all but 1 of her horses have been OTTBs!!! Anyway, so then I get on and after Monday's fantabulos ride, I'm thinking I'm going to blow her mind with his awesome movement. Only, he was not forward AT ALL, and when we went the other direction he was obviously off. Right front. DAMN IT! #&(%^@!$&&*#@#!@&(^@#!&^&*#$!#$&%*$@#&*(^@
Classical finance and classical advising is based upon the assumption that people are logical beings, making financial decisions based upon cool rational thoughts. Behavioral finance has challenged many of the core principles of classical finance and by extension should challenge those who offer advice in a classical way to clients.
You are not perfect just the way you are. None of us are. Believing you are perfect prevents you from learning and growing. When in a relationship, you will need to learn and grow together.
The Trailer for Le Corbeau:
So far this Friday has been super weird. Every have those days that you want to last and last but fly by? And then you can't remember what you did to fill up all the hours that slipped through your hands? Yeah, it's one of those days.
JohnMark Triplett
I also pulled a chair out of a dumpster. I'm not sure if it will find a home elsewhere, but I saw it turned over and fell in love with the rusty legs. It's a very good thing that I have a pickup truck.
Buon Appetito!
The initial embarrassment is bad enough, but what’s this? I can’t even mute the thing! The phone is showing the lock screen and the volume buttons are inactive. My stress level is climbing and it takes me three tries to successfully type in my unlock code. Finally I get the thing unlocked, jam my finger on the home button and breathe a sigh of relief as the music stops. But the damage is done — my boss is glowering and for the rest of the week my co-workers make video game noises whenever they pass my desk.
AU: I keep highlighting to my people that good marketing is all about identifying and meeting consumer needs, and one of the principal needs of the Pakistani consumer right now is being able to obtain things at a good value. If you are able to provide products that meet health standards, are reliable, consistently good, and can be delivered to you at a price point which meets your wallet, that is the kind of product which will do extremely well in the current economic scenario. The processed milk industry has to think along these lines now. Our latest product Dairy Omung is based on the same lines, the prices are the same as gawala milk and it still exceeds the quality of nutrition.
Most of the reasons why this situation is unhealthy are too obvious to need rehearsing. The one I’ve been thinking about though is more indirect, and concerns the effect of the myths on the already shaky perceived value of books, and what this will mean for the definitely/probably/possibly forthcoming ebook revolution. In the music world, it’s long been understood that record labels take a high proportion of an album’s selling price, but many people don’t realise that likewise a book’s publisher gets much more of the price than the author (necessarily so, because of the expenses of printing, marketing etc). So while plenty of illegal downloading goes on there’s also a bit of sympathy for bands fighting The Man, and fans do recognise that if they don’t pay for music in some way there will be less of it to enjoy.
3) zig-zag rolled hems are WAY easier than straight-sewn ones.
Now, I don’t agree with that per se – I just said I believe in love and monogamy and happily ever after – but the concept of the baggage you carry is really interesting to me. What’s in your backpack/purse/murse? (murse = man purse). Are you hanging on to shit you need to let go (figuratively AND literally!)….I carry way too much stuff in my purse, it makes my shoulder ache! Let it go. Throw out your old clothes, keep your old love letters – but keep them in perspective. Your past doesn’t have to define you.
We filed in to the small, paneled, low-lit, well-furnished room, David and I with the kids and our attorney taking seats at the table in front of the judge’s chair. I can’t remember if the judge was already there – I think she was – but it was all very informal. The judge was a different one than I expected, the regular one being sick. I had seen this particular judge before, once at a jury selection in which I was almost picked, and once after that in JCPenney’s with her teenage son. She was all smiles, and I was glad we could give her a happy, satisfactory case over which to preside that morning.
Elementary my dear Watson..........
UNDENIABLE DESIRE
Watch the video and decide for yourself. Is this muscle-head military commando wannabe prick what we need, or want, patrolling the streets of Anytown, America?
1291 *D-II/27/1998. “Crisis and Continuity in the Clinton Presidency.” The Politics Club, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(7), above.) See Item E-VIII/17/1998, below.
The last word (for me): bookcation
Math fact fluency is just as important for my students as reading fluency. I want them to be able to know them just like they read their sight words.
The first song "SAFE" is very meaningful to me. I heard about it from one of the women whom God connected us with, who has cared for Ryan in his Eastern European orphanage. She wrote:
Stand Out Dream Sequence: There’s this disturbing dream sequence in which Pee Wee takes his bike to these bicycle doctors who are apparently going to perform major surgery on Pee Wee’s bike, to fix it. Problem is that suddenly the surgeons turn into these evil looking clowns that work for the devil! And they dip Pee Wee’s bike in a cauldron of fire!
For all the time it took, this really was one of the best cakes I've ever had. Cake + lemon curd + cream cheese frosting + coconut = sugar nirvana.
and all are happy
but i was just a human on earth
150 gr of caster sugar
I know that Bell's has become one of those rarefied American craft-breweries, and, yeah, yeah I know Two-hearted is the end-all-be-all of American IPAs, but I think Larry Bell may have drank a little too much of his own Kool-Aid. I very much like Bell's beer, and I get that the brewery-biz can be dog-eat-dog, but the whole thing seems to be a bit of a non-issue. Make the right decisions and you win, make the wrong decisions and you lose. I think we all know that. Except maybe for the folks over at Bell's.
23. Tartufo (attempted once and failed :( must try again)
A reader once wrote me, ". . . the school our kids are going to has a big emphasis on art but by the end of the 6 years all the kid's artwork looks the same."
We will be/are super busy in Salt Lake and I'll be sure to post all our fun.
How did the Apostle Paul fulfil his commission while in the Roman prison? He still had an outreach for in Acts 28:30 he “received all who came in unto him.”
I'm not missing any body parts....Someone else came kinda close though...
Now, grammar is sometimes important. On the ballot are nine choices. Can I choose them all? Being a careful reader, I went to the ballot itself and read above the choices, "TO VOTE, COMPLETELY FILL IN THE OVAL NEXT TO YOUR CHOICE." I'm going to interpret this to mean CHOOSE ONE. But you just know that some people who do not read so carefully as I will choose two or more.
it also did not provide information on its efforts to protect victims of trafficking; the country continues to deport and/or prosecute suspected foreign victims without providing appropriate protective services
One way or another it was an expensive taxi ride for him.
Once again we have our faboulous monthly sponsor - Joanna Sheen...
I love seeing new places, meeting new people and hearing their stories, whether they are about a child's escaping rabbit, or their hope to become an author, or an astronaut. And it's not just the children who have fascinating stories to tell. I hear stories of ordinary lives that are full of heroism and daily acts of courage. There are truly stories everywhere, if you stop to listen.
among others.
This activity was the most successful with my two lowest-achieving classes – they worked well together and seemed to be actively trying to understand what their peers were saying. Also, letting some students become expert on a particular problem equalized a lot of the ability levels in the classroom and raised the confidence of my lower achieving students. I talked to one of my lowest achieving students and she said she liked that she had so much time to really understand a problem, which made it easier for her to go around and ask others for help – she felt like she had something to contribute, which made it easier to talk to others. This is something I struggled with early in the year – finding ways to do group work that somehow equalized ability levels while also holding them accountable – so I was happy to hear this feedback.
So a thank you to the English pot-bellied man. You are now the reason why I spend hours in front of a computer screen, blubbering on about how amazing life is and what awe-inspiring moment I have had on some beach, in some distant country, next to an amazingly stunning supermodel (Dreams do come true…I hope). Here is your mention. Unfortunately you were too much of an arrogant douche for me to remember your name, But thank you.
They will simply stand back and benefit from our low morale.
It's funny how some of the most impromptu, inexpensive and fast dinners can be the one's that demand an encore. My husband asked me to make it, again, the very next night. So, I decided to grab my camera, measure out the ingredients and share it with my readers. Who knows, you might have a Ratatouille Moment of your own?
I'm just kiddin'...I just haven't had time to become obsessed yet...don't worry, it'll happen (c:
You all know I have 3 girls and 1 boy. I am new to all this boy stuff. Up until 3 years ago, my world revolved around dolls, dresses, tights, hair bows, and pink! Now it revolves around finding my son has pulled his pants down in the middle of the front yard so he can "pee all by myself, Momma," not caring that the neighbors are looking! It revolves around John Deer tractors, semi trucks, motorcycles, baseball bats, balls and gloves, cowboy boots, and Nerf guns.
He looked at her, the way he always looked at her. She looked away, as she always did, but for a different reason. I don’t know you anymore, this was all a lie. She felt sick. The pain in her gut slowly rose, choking her from inside. She felt the tears fighting to freedom.
Leviticus 20:10 “‘If a man commits adultery with another man’s wife —with the wife of his neighbor—both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death.
20 This is the gate of the Lord,
He, er, also signed off Sir Fred's pension deal, back in October.
Victoria Espinel is Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator at Office of Management and Budget
First off, my parents were seriously happening:
I love colour. Colour makes me happy. I am drawn to colour injected rooms over neutral ones. So why is my house neutral? Why is the closest thing to colour in my living room grey? I honestly don't know the answer- other than being slightly terrified of messing up. White is, and always will be my go to shade. I long of a dreamy white kitchen. White furniture gives me the giggles. But still- life needs colour! My house NEEDS colour!
And in one of those last but not least situations, we've got Witch Craft: Wicked Accessories, Creepy-Cute Toys, Magical Treats, and More compiled by Margaret McGuire and Alicia Kachmar. Chris saved himself from sucking up a point for this one by not telling me that it existed before so very sweetly buying it for me. :P Thank you again, my dear! :D
Shabazz - Malcolm’s chosen Muslim last name. It’s the Muslim name his wife Betty also chose. The name they bestowed upon all six children.
Many followers of the charismatic movement – who do not of course believe in occultism, and in fact are very much against it – nevertheless accept very strange phenomena as being in a Christian context: for example, the modern “gift of tongues.” People involved in these experiences are similarly uninformed about the nature of demonic temptations and apparitions. These experiences have become much more common today than heretofore because the Orthodox Christian doctrine of spiritual experiences has been lost in the West because of the apostasy; and from various modern influences (such as television) men have become more passive and open to mediumistic influences than ever before. Many of these people believe that what they are seeing is an outpouring of the Holy Spirit. In fact, our times have been called the “New Age of the Holy Spirit. People think this is a sign that Christ is coming soon; however, the actual prophecies of the Scriptures, as well as Holy Fathers of the early Church, indicate exactly the opposite. Christ Himself said in Luke 8:18: “When the Son of man returns, will He find faith on the earth?” That is, the true flock of Christ, at the end, will be very small, and most of the people who call themselves Christians will follow Antichrist. The idea of the “New Age of the Holy Spirit” is, again, a chiliastic idea, looking forward to a this-worldly adaptation of Paradise. Actually, it is the outpouring of the spirit of Antichrist that is being prepared now; true Christians will save their souls by enduring to the end all the trials of the last times.
to skim the surface
Tom Tykwer arguably takes the most ambitious approach out of any of the featured directors. His Faubourg Saint-Denis is about a blind young man (Melchior Beslon) who receives a phone call from his girlfriend (Natalie Portman) in which she seems to be breaking up with him. As a result, he flashes back through a sped-up summary of the entire history of their relationship, starting with their first meeting and then gradually speeding up to touch on significant moments in the rush of routine. A breathless voiceover recounts the ways in which their relationship gradually settles into familiar patterns, and the writing of this narration cleverly uses repetition and the gradually increasing frequency of certain words to suggest the shifts in their relationship. By the end, words that had appeared only occasionally in the voiceover come to dominate it, suggesting just how much this relationship has changed, mostly for the worse, over its course. From intimacy and excitement the mood changes to alienation and fragmentation, simply by altering the balance of how often certain events recur and the context in which they occur. The girl's screams chart the course of the relationship. They meet because she's screaming, rehearsing a part in a play, and early in the relationship he's charmed by her screams, by her playful habit of yelling on a subway or a shouted orgasm. Later, screaming signifies arguing, slamming doors, angry words, shifts into negativity. Tykwer defies his short allotted time by cramming the whole length of a relationship into this scant length, condensing this romance into key words and key events, providing a formalist breakdown of a possibly evaporating love. It's an affecting and aesthetically bracing piece, and Tykwer is one of the few directors here to really do something interesting with the short form beyond staging a quick little scene and getting out.
There is lots of buzz about doing business in China as that huge market has become available to companies large and small. It has its pitfalls, however, and Stephen M. Perl, MS, MBA, an expert in Asia trade, has penned Doing Business with China: The Secrets of Dancing with the Dragon ($19.99, ChinaMart USA Book Publishing, Los Angeles, softcover). It’s estimated that China represents a $10 trillion market that is up for grabs in the next decade. This book is essential reading for any American firm that wants to do business in China. It is a practical, nuts-and-bolts handbook. There are secrets to establishing successful relationships with the Chinese government and business leaders. This book provides an invaluable cultural, political, and business insight from the U.S. perspective and it is not just for CEOs of large companies. Rather, it applies to small companies as well, to entrepreneurs, and is useful for government and private think-tank policymakers, as well as employees, who are doing or planning to do business with China.
(1) Kettle MQ = $1 off
Hearing the words “mid life” and “35″ in the same sentence, the crowd, myself included, laughed. Thirty five is nothing near mid life. Wait until she’s almost 40,50, whatever, like me. She has so much time. I’m sure that’s what everyone was thinking. It’s what I was thinking.
I stopped on the side of White Tail, flipped on my hazard lights and got out. I went around the wooded area to try to get a photograph as they went to the cleared area. I was at the bottom of a steep hill when the first one came out of the woods at the top of the hill in front of me.
· Do not believe in the rapture (or believe the wicked are the ones that will be ruptured)
T.D. Jakes’ seven reasons why many people (me included) are unforgiving:
I own half an acre that i sow each year.And a tiny garden in front of my very home.I deny to bow in front of any GMO products as I refuse to use fertilizers.
But my objective is to become rooted in some thing immaterial, some thing more conscious , for me it’s my divine connection with God , I choose to live out of the abundance of that connection that’s where my happiness is
“But it’s not snake oil”, he protested, “it works. It’s been very successful in the States”.
You are the only one I ask
He says that because GMO is now so common, and non-GMO fields can be contaminated with GMO material, it may become impossible for the distillery to remain GMO-free. Other distilleries are having the same issue.
The day of the tryouts finally came. I was okay, but nervous. I practiced my piece well and was more than ready. I was hoping they would not ask me to play a melodic minor scale because I haven’t practiced that for a while on the violin. But as for a a major scale, I could hold my own.
Involtini di Verza in Umido (Stewed Stuffed Cabbage Rolls)
Lancing – The Village of Lights
Three weeks from today I'm going to be on a beach in Mexico.
They fill you with the faults they had
Bernie knew exactly where he stood and he could be harsh in his judgments of others, suspicious too of their motives. But as long as he felt you weren’t letting yourself down he wouldn’t turn his back on you.
For one thing, from almost the moment the pictures start to flicker, brain activity shifts from the left side of our brains (the part of our brains responsible for logical analysis and critical thought) to the right side. This means that there is little or no critical analysis taking place, opening their brains to a suggestible, hypnotic state. When we say that watching television is a "passive activity," it is true in a very real sense: scientists detect almost no beta waves at all in TV viewers, indicated no active involvement in or response to what we are watching.
An incident, in which a VIP guard of KwaZulu-Natal Social Development MEC Meshack Radebe shot out the tyre of a motorist on a busy highway, has angered opposition parties, with the Democratic Alliance calling for him to be dismissed.
A Google spokeswoman told the Telegraph: “We view our search results as a reflection of the content on the web. We do not remove content from our search results, except in very limited cases such as child porn and other illegal content.
Louis brings leadership to other Sesame initiatives as well. Product managers consult with him about decisions around characters, like what phrases and slogans they (the characters) should use on toys and other various products. Louis has also been the one to answer letters which children write to Sesame characters.
3 3mm Bicone bead (red)
I overstate the obvious to say this.
Here's the most colour accurate picture I took - and shimmer showing!
- Becherovka
Leaking pipes
Love, Sister Jamie Gee
I also saw The King's Speech. I'm not sure why since I'm not remotely interested in the royal family (I can't decide if they're more boring than annoying, or vice versa) but I suppose I didn't want to be left out. There are some good scenes because Geoffrey Rush and Colin Firth are such good actors, but overall it suffered from some odd casting (I love Tim Spall, but as Churchill? Was Warren Clarke busy? And an unrecognisable Claire Bloom and an even more unrecognizable Jennifer Ehle, both plastered in so much makeup that there was no room for them to act at all.) And don't get me started on the ahem, adaptations they made to history.
I decided at the last minute to have a seconds sale last weekend, to try to move some of the mountains of seconds that had been piling up around me....I haven't had a studio sale in three years! Considering that I fire weekly, which usually means there are one or two (or 8) screwups per firing, not to mention oddballs and test pieces--there was a lot of pottery here that I did not want to have to move to my new place. Needless to say, things went swimmingly. I put up signage around town, (yard sale style) since I had no time to do anything for the newspaper or print up flyers. And folks showed up. There were friends, neighbors and strangers who bought bags of mugs and bowlies...
She cocked her head and looked at me, "Yes," she said, "I think so. From the opening pages the writer's doing a good job capturing where this young girl is coming from."
Mr. Young tells of the “deep-seated humanism” of a young man who told him: “I started killing at 14 and when you kill and when you realize you could be killed for something that you believe in, you learn that there’s nothing more precious and valuable than human life.”
5. The same is seen in the field of Vedanta with reference to the word and the gap. The structure of Veda itself is appearance and disappearance.
It really was like a mini-Vietnam, with everything written in Vietnamese, and South Vietnam flags up on every lamp pole. I did think that they would need a ton more power lines to make it look more authentic…Ho Chi Minh was crazy with the cables!
Jay-Z (feat. Foxy Brown) - Ain't No Nigga (Rae & Christian Mix)
I'm trying to keep positive, but I have to admit, this song keeps coming to mind:
I received this postcard yesterday from the Choctaw Nation, of which I am a member, to announce the annual Trail of Tears Walk commemorating the destructive and dehumanizing journey of our Choctaw ancestors.
2.Your contact phone number/fax
The US Air Force recently dispatched a number of F-22 Raptor strike fighters to a base in the United Arab Emirates. The move caused backlash from Tehran, which said Wednesday it threatened regional stability.
There are two essential elements in a damages claim, whether for injury to person, reputation or business. There must be a legal wrong committed against the claimant and there must be injury.
light of the
He shifts in his seat, grabbing the hated bathbrush, and then his leg comes over both of mine. He grasps my arm firmly and pulls it behind me. I suppose he wants to secure me before the onslaught, before I start performing dances I didn't know existed on his lap. But all it serves to do is make my sense of dread greater.
Such a simple lesson, yet full of critical opportunities for the child! I often wonder where else, other than a Montessori classroom, can a child practice and refine their sense of touch with such care and enthusiasm?! For me, it is one of the " One Thousand Reasons to Love Montessori!"
There will be protests targeting fake hippy bastards Virgin on the 20/12st April due to their involvement in NHS reform – more info at: http://righttowork.org.uk/2012/04/tell-richard-branson-keep-virgin-profiteering-out-of-our-nhs/
Now, with a congressional seat in balance, liberals are saying How Dare You Quote Us!
In a sense, the movie is Zinnemann's most potent description of a man whose entire life has ended in failure. Manuel Artiguez had this one chance to eliminate a lifelong enemy, and he blew it. He had a grand opportunity to lead his country one step closer towards freedom, and he threw it away. Life as a bandit, it seems, has condemned him to one sorry disappointment after another. Consider that scene between him and Father Francisco, in Artiguez' darkened apartment. The young priest can do nothing more except stare in amazement at this tired, pathetic old man. “Go ahead, priest,” Artiguez raves, “tell me I’m a bandit!” And Father Francisco has a simple, five-word answer for him: “You know what you are.”
I was beckoned out of the holding room. Robo-redneck held up her right hand, where she held, in her fist, a Mandarin orange which my great aunt had packed me for lunch.
Flashing sun
The best iPad app for Geek and Hebrew is Logos, but with great power comes a significant price tag. They same is true for Accordance and Olive Tree’s Bible Reader. While the Apps are free, you need to buy a Greek and Hebrew Bible which is tagged with syntactical information and good a set of lexicons to really make any use of the App beyond the basics (I lamented this in a previous post). If you buy a Logos Base package (either Language or Scholar) you will have the best tools for reading Greek and Hebrew on both your desktop computer or your iPad. Similar bundles are available from Accordance and Olive Tree. These bundles are expensive, but as Logos constantly points out, they are far cheaper than the actual books and are obviously more portable. As I said in my previous post, if you want to use a computer based study system to its full potential, you have to invest more than a few dollars.
I'm writing about it now because I'm feeling a shift--ever so small, ever so subtle, but a shift. I've picked up my knitting several times in the last couple weeks. I finished Dexter's Christmas socks (poor kid!) just in time for the weather to get too warm for socks (sheesh; at least I made them a little big so he can wear them in the fall & winter).
brown corduroy (the dots are a Robins Egg Blue)
And Senate Vice-President Lyndira Oudit demonstrated her colossal ignorance of Parliamentary Law that led to the Opposition Walking out of the Upper House….Oudit is yet to admit that her ruling was inaccurate…..
Yourself. It is only when you are empty that you
Over the year I had witnessed this particular participant literally shrink before my very eyes! The card read:
Reaching out she caught sight of the golden slash that marked her hand.
Do you just love a beautiful seashell chandelier? I've been thinking a lot about shell chandeliers lately. I do love them, if they're well executed. This dining room, from the pages of House Beautiful, sports a darling chandelier. The over all effect of the room is light-hearted, relaxed, and just a bit whimsical.
4) psychopaths, being control-driven, want to exact vengeance and intimidate those who no longer worship them, want them, or obey them blindly.
Boredom won’t get me tonight
So, you start with 10K of this fake money. And they give you little gifts along the way for dumb stuff like "Hey! Here's 5K for having Pocket Rockets!". So it's pretty easy to get money. And just as easy to lose it.
Look at this paradise! Isn't it just beautiful? My wonderful hubby came home and surprised me with the best vacation ever!! This is the view from my villa. Can't give to many details, DH says that is not safe to tell to many details. But we are going soon and I am so excited!!!! I am so looking forward to warm fab weather and a relaxed atmosphere. I can already smell the salt water breeze and taste those fab tropical drinks. Let's see, lobster or shrimp for dinner tonite?? Hope your DH is as good to you as mine is to me!!!!
Laura — who has been a contestant on BBC 3’s comedy game show World Series of Dating — told her friend she had been Facebook chums with Defoe “for a long time” and they had exchanged “loads of messages”.
One fall afternoon, several years ago, I was working the scoreboard for the JV football games as I did every home game. My son was a senior then and played on the high school varsity team, as was the case for most of the other fathers working the booth with me. We all volunteered our time and in return we received gate passes to every school sporting event. It was a nice arrangement and one I really enjoyed participating in.
posted by a r n e l at
Another parallel is the brutal Christmas Bombing of North Vietnam by Richard Nixon in 1972. James Carroll described it as "a final venting of frustration and rage by a superpower faced with ignominious defeat." Will Bush bomb Iran out of frustration with failing to "win" in Iraq?
I came home and decided that, after some lunch, I would head out for a run. Immediately I heard a clap of thunder, and then another, and then the skies opened up. So much for that idea.
- just some of the parts -
Lemon slice, if desired
If that’s not enough, it is popularly believed that had the Mexicans been defeated at Puebla, France would have occupied Mexico. VEry significant for US history given that this happened in 1862 and France’s southern leanings. Since both the territories of New Mexico and Arizona had sided with the Confederacy, and Texas was a card carrying member of the CSA, the American Civil War could have ended very differently.
I’ve heard stories from my grandparents’ generation about family times around the table. Such times happened periodically in my childhood, but they were not the norm. We ate quickly, in shifts, or holding the food in front of the television. With a routine of that nature, it would have been difficult to find a good time to insert a question or conversation about God.
I'm rather excited this week, because random.org has picked who I think is our youngest winner ever - NiMu, who is only 5 years old, but made this fabulous card:
And if you want more regular Guild Wars type of coverage, here is a podcast with Wartower.de (The site is German - the interview (about the nature of the norn) is in English).
I decided to not leave you all behind.
Next is my birthday, but that is not until Easter Sunday, and thankfully, I will be in Chicago with my family, and hopefully won't have to worry about entertaining or cleaning. I am kind of excited that my birthday falls on Easter this year, kind of something fun, unique and different.
Here is the spread in my art journal that I created:
The University of Hull has a building named after him, where you can see this rather fetching stained glass window.
Deep fry the potatoes in hot oil until it turn brown. Take out the potatoes and put aside.
And, for those wondering how big the deck actually is, let me put it into perspective: it has the same footprint as our house. That's right folks, about 530 square feet of deck! Needless to say, we won't have to worry about not having room for everyone when we have a summer party!
1 posture
At this point, I hit stop. Why? Because what had been posted on YouTube was clearly just a self recording of ‘TriCk’ calling the hotline and, in my opinion anyway, you can’t really ‘leak’ your own phone call. But it’s too late, the media is going nuts with hackershackershackershackers. It later transpires that the kids behind the phone call actually set up an automatic re-dialler to jam the hotline’s phones – sort of a telephone equivalent of how most website ‘hacks’ take place, by overwhelming the system with requests. No, you’re right, I would have no idea how to do either a DDOS or jam a phone line, but just because a guy does a thing on the internet, calls himself a hacker and then brags about it, doesn’t make it so.
Hoffman
Second turn and I managed to pull the good charges in, but with a stupid mistake as follows. Both her jacks were behind small walls, but just far enough to fit my jacks’ bases! So I gave a focus to Torch who charged the Juggernaut (he gets pathfinder on charges, so he crossed the wall) and did some damage. Marksman shoots against a fellow Widowmaker, the aforementioned spell upkept by the caster, and kills another Widowmaker with it, making the reminding one fail a command check. Then I remembered about the awesome feat Ms. eSorscha has, and decided that even though I already charged and did some damage with Torch and the Marksman, it was STILL worth to pop. Yes, it’s THAT good. So she pops her feat, gives boundless charge to the Destroyer, and a focus full jack charges 9 inches through a wall and into the enemy Destroyer. Needless to say after 3 hacks with double damage he was scrap metal.
Prepare a heat safe dish by lightly buttering it. If you are making more than one flavor, prep said amount of dishes. Also lightly butter a spatula for each flavor. And have each flavor and food color ready.
"No socialist system can be established without a political police."
full of grace
Address: 959 SE 6th Ave , Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 (Off of SE 10th St, about 2 miles East of 95)
This making is for me. We are neither tomorrow yet
I said it in this post and I’ve written the stats and goals in another post yesterday. It will happen. It’s okay to me (sort of) if my progress to slimming down isn’t coming sooner than I’d like.
We “Fall back” at 2 a.m. on the first Sunday in November by setting our clock back one hour. In March, tonight, we set them ahead one hour. This is where it really kills my poor circadian Rhythm. I wrote about it before. Because I like to obsess. http://dyingbraincells.wordpress.com/2010/11/05/hello-circadian-dysrhythmia/
“What are you thinking of?” a male voice asked close to my shoulder.
Unlike OCS, though, we’re not really competing for anything. At OCS, scoring well and doing your best directly affected where a candidate ranked in the course and their ability to choose their preferred branch. Everyone wants to do well in an Army course, but the rewards for being in the top x % at IBOLC are bragging rights only. I think the Honor Graduate gets a special school slot. The guys who ranks number two? Well, he was number two.
I have to be honest. When I frst gave birth, I couldn't imagine leaving my precious little one with another human being. She was mine and I soaked up every single minute with her. People would tell me as she got older, "you can find a job now! She's getting older and you'll probably want some space..." I would nod and smile, but really just couldn't picture it.
So complicated, look happy, you'll make it!
Ain't about how fast I get there
MP: All of your characters have a lived-in feel about them. How do you approach writing them without just giving them quirks?
See how they cook
In the few months Mr. Think had been here, he invented a brilliant trash collecting system; he introduced the concept of terraced fields; and he also came up with this intricate network of water aqueducts and storage tanks. Tapping the water stream and the occasional flood gorges, ensuring irrigation for the earth and water supply for residences.
“According to Car and Driver, the sedan is being developed alongside the 2012 Quattroporte and will feature Pininfarina styling. More interestingly, the car is rumored to ride on an aluminum-intensive chassis and offer optional all-wheel drive.”
Original Air Date: Feb 21, 2012
This is my pinboard so far! It hangs above my workspace, and I have been decorating it with inspiring things all year and slowly it is filling up with bits and pieces that I have found around the place. Whenever I need a break I add things to it, and when I’m stuck for ideas I stare at it until I get an idea for something to do.
When I was in Plaza Independencia, the path walk is cemented and it was really clean. Then I see the grasses with mud. I walked on them. Later, I saw a sign
There's something rotten in England at the moment.
I try to keep everything low key for the kids when they’re sick. No outings. Wanna wear your pyjamas all day? Go with it. One thing that we end up doing is viewing more “shows” than we would otherwise. This morning the kids watched The Scrambled States of America, a Scholastic DVD.
The date is 1941 and the British army has left the island of Penang, leaving Penang to fend for itself against the Japanese invasion during World War II. No one knows how old this tree is but it changed hands many times during this period and today it is so revered it has to be kept under lock and chain bolted to the concrete floor. The British army finally returned in 1945 but the ties between Malaysia and Britain were strained. But I’m getting ahead of myself.
Beats Antique, 7 Walkers Gramatik, Paper Diamond, ESKMO
2) Review rule #1.
And then there's the over dramatization of strangers. My boyfriend was sitting in our car while we were at the local playground one day talking on the phone to his dad about his rounds of chemo. A personal conversation that he chose not to have in public. Darrell and I were playing on the slide and I noticed a bunch of adults talking in a bunch, pointing to our car. We got down, trying to figure out what was going on. Then one of the parents went over to the car, rapidly knocking on the window. I found out later that he was interrogated, why he was there, why he was sitting in the car by himself. They honestly thought that he was a preditor.
“The idealist withdrew himself, because he could not suffer the jostling of the human crowd; he had not the strength to fight and so called the battle vulgar; he was vain, and since his fellows would not take him at his own estimate, consoled himself with despising his fellows.”
Publisher: Barron's Educational Series
Took Meeko to the vet this morning which she hates. We have to keep giving her ear drops and she is putting on weight which are both good things. The worst part is that we have to keep giving her lysine and she she won't eat it mixed into wet food. I'll have to try it in peanut butter because I hate pinning her down and shoving it into her mouth.
According to Kloipy, all the things he’s been hoarding will now be commodities. This does make me kind of nervous for my non-hoarding tendencies, but excited to see what treasures people may be willing to part with to get medical care.
with him on a fone.
Gossip is that the big bosses in the plush offices on the fourth floor at Yash Raj Films have been contemplating casting their favourite
But it’s fitting that in our quest for redemption this season, Arsenal must go to a place that’s the polar opposite of Highbury. Everything we do at home to make lives easier for ourselves, they’ll try to counter at the Britannia. As an enthusiast I dislike them intensely, but as an Arsenal supporter I accept that they are worthy opponents, and a match against them will be a great way to gauge how badly we want third place this season.
He said: ‘Nobody gave their cast members that kind of money. He (Gandolfini) said: ‘Thanks for sticking by me.”
Honestly, with the amount of information that could be applicable in each question for a full analysis, I could write for hours and fill up pages for each question…that is alllllll part of the law school exam game though, and I fully understand this, so I’m not complaining. It is tough, but I get it. Because of this, another element of the game is balancing time and forcing yourself to move on somewhere within the realm of the recommended time (if given) regardless of whether you feel you have “thoroughly” answered the question. Writing on Q1 for an hour and having two hours to answer 11 other questions just would not do no matter how stellar an answer you wrote for Q1. Another element is doing a brief analysis of what the most important things you have to say are and how to do this as quickly as possible. One technique I am not great at but starting to develop for situations like this is that I will just type a sentence for each portion of what I want to say (law, policy, rule, etc.) then enter down and start my next sentence as if I am writing a new paragraph. This allows me to forget cohesion, transitions, and structure for a moment and just write the important stuff. Then, because ExamSoft has the basic word processing functions, I cut and paste the sentences together in whatever way they seem to work best and add a conclusion. We will see if this method continues to work, but if it does, I need to practice with it more and run with it.
In its first incarnation under the guidance of Judge Peter Ford its rules aimed to provide a more compact and effective procedure than the High Court, but in high profile cases such as Pavel v Sony control over costs was not achieved, and a number of its decisions were reversed by the Court of Appeal. In a second incarnation under the guidance of Michael Fysh Q.C. and under the rules laid down under the PCC it has lead a quieter and less controversial life, but the number of decisions significant enough to appear on the BAILII website has been small. With the retirement of Judge Fysh, a new attempt is now being been made to reinvigorate the court and to provide it with distinctive rules that differentiate and simplify its procedure compared to that of the High Court.
There were so many uniquely brilliant records coming out in 1981, it boggles the mind. 1981 was a big year for Scotland's Positive Noise as well. The original incarnation lead by Ross Middleton's distinctive croon. Released an LP, a bunch of singles, and had a couple of comp appearances. Their Heart of Darkness is one of my favorite post-punk LP's of the day, and has yet to be reissued. If you haven't heard Heart of Darkness, I recommend you check it out here before listening to these singles.
I also went to Walgreen's and my favorite pharmacy tech was there, Kourtney. She is always so nice and pleasant and she always greets me by name. Wow, a pharmacy with great customer service! That's hard to come by these days... She always checks to make sure my meds are covered by my insurance, and if they're not, she gives me a call. Great young lady!
“Er……..sometimes. I mean I sometimes think of what work you’ll want me to do tomorrow, and so on.”
The other team even declared stuff like, “It’s not fair, they have Ellie.” I got a mini lolly for my efforts, which , of i’m honest, weren’t really much of an effort.
*The recipe calls for 3 cans of diced tomatoes. Usually I keep my pantry stocked with diced tomatoes as they are such a recipe staple. However, when it came time to assemble this recipe, I could only find one can of "plain" diced tomatoes. Not in the mood to run to the store, I substituted a can of mild Rotel diced tomatoes (with green chilies) for one of the missing cans, then I measured an equal amount of prepared spaghetti sauce (also from a jar) to replace the final can. So my recipe would read: I can diced tomatoes, 1 can Rotel diced tomatoes with green chilies and 1-14.5 oz can of spaghetti sauce.
Apostasy is a real phenomenon in the Church. And the warning here is for the visible body of people who gather together to worship in the Christian manner. There is no way the writer or any of us can tell with certainty those who are truly saved and who are false converts. This is why the warning must go out to the visible institution. The writer is not suggesting that a saved person can become lost any more than he is warning that useful plants can turn into thorns.
At least, in theory. But if that’s what you’re doing . . . Don’t start with this dish. :)
Right: Black shrug with faux fur collar, Takara (borrowed). Black and tan dress, Max Studio. Black tights, Danskin. Black pumps, Michelle D. Brown beaded necklace, Body Central.
From various sources I have learned, can generally be described a wide range of theories and research on the subject of this study provide some interesting material. Include:
The Island- The show did bring games, Easter eggs, hidden subliminal clues with books, props and actual dialogue within the on screen "Island" story and ARG'S.
I almost smell a hint
Jason Vanderholt, Hollywood's hottest actor, falls head over heels for everygirl, Chloe Winters, who hasn't gotten around to watching most of his movies. She becomes the woman every other woman in America is dying to be, but it just isn't her fairytale.
Today I honor my mother.
Next up, I’ve got two more Choc Lit novels to look forwards to; The Penny Bangle, the third in Margaret James' Dorset trilogy, and Linda Mitchelmore’s To Turn Full Circle.
Never would have thought of it on my own!
I do love the idea that Thierry had to search for 18th and 19th century portraits at flea markets and attics and to give them a new life. Forgotten family portraits were given a new ‘dog identity’ and became famous aristochiens.
Stay tuned here, and I'll announce when my projects, complete with how-to instructions, are available at your local craft stores and to download online. And, let me know what magical creation you make...I'd love to see it!
When I moved out to San Francisco back in 1996 I was invited to ride in the cockpit for part of the flight, courtesy of a friend of my fathers who worked for the airline. I can't imagine my children will ever get to do that. The children are seasoned travelers though. For them it will always be normal to remove your shoes at the airport, to walk through body scanners and to pack tiny ziploc bags of miniature toiletries. We all moan about the inconvenience, but to be honest, I have got used to it. Perhaps it has already saved us from other acts of violence. We probably never hear about many of the near-attacks that are prevented.
I cursed this world of fear and oppression. I cursed their want of power. Their ability to make us think the way they wanted us to.
I don't know what else to suggest...
And their first response is run to Mexico? Not go to the police?
leaving only flotsam behind
Smelly dried fish with a side order of sandy grit is not my idea of a pleasurable snack. You can almost taste the stench and sense the flies in this Mark Boulton image. Yet in the bible passage set for Sunday it’s fish that Jesus requests to eat.
First I am going to take the dried wild mushrooms and with a meat tenderizer pound them a bit to break a bit and crush a bit. Place the dried mushrooms in a shallow bowl and add 1/2 cup of red wine and a half a cup of chicken stock and let soak for a couple of hours. Afterwards strain the mushrooms, but save the liquid for later.
Forest City Ratner Companies and its Brooklyn Events Center subsidiary would have a tiny fraction of the jobs. Some 1000 part-timers would be hired by AEG, in charge of arena operations, and 900 hired by Levy Restaurants, in charge of food service.
They look at you,
The first time the ice cream truck visits our neighbourhood each spring is a wonderful moment. I just heard the same little melody it has played for years as it slowly made its way down our street. I'm not indulging, but it's a sweet moment, coupled with the gentle plop of basket balls going through hoops and the laughter of the players. That sound will continue well after dark. I may not live here forever, but I love the sound of a city neighbourhood on a mild evening.
It’s a chilling thought to someone afraid to death. I am one of those people, except sometimes, I am not. I wonder if many missing persons were just victims of the sewers- explorers who were rendered unconscious or got stuck somewhere deep in the earth. I wonder how often sewer workers come down here?
ranked 10 in the ease of
I am not just a contributor to the Star, but an avid reader of the newspaper. I make sure I purchase it EVERY DAY by 7 a.m.
You would think I would have realized I had a problem when I spent a good 20 minutes talking to Chef’s parents about ice cream. I’d ask their favorite flavor, and then inform them the best brand/place to get it.
So, a little about me, my name is Sue and I live in the UK and have been crafting in some style or other for as long as I can remember. I absolutely adore inks and paints and rubber stamps, and well everything that I can get really messy with ! My style, I guess, is a shabby, vintage, distressed kind of style, though I always find it hard to put myself in a particular category. I'll leave it up to you to decide ! I've been on several DT's, currently they are The Stamp Man, Fashionable Stamping Challenge and Katzelkraft. Prior to these I was on I Love ProMarkers, Passion for ProMarkers, ABC challenge, Isabella's Sketchbook, and have had guest spots on several more. To give you a flavour of my work the card I'm sharing is quite recent, and was made for a very special friend.
but taking time out,during their 2 week holiday,is somewhat necessary. And taking a step back leaves plenty of time for 4 hour monopoly marathons
I can’t sing a love song
My morning sickness has kinda gotten worse, the past couple of weeks. But, I have tons more energy for the most part. Which, is fabulous. (Not the throwing up part. haha.) I finally am able to get my booty off the couch and do some Pilates, a bit of Yoga and have power walking days with friends at the park. Last week, I got my first sunburn of the year, while soaking up the sun at the park! Do you know how happy that made me!? Ah! Spring/Summer is around the corner! Yay! Those 3 months of laying on the couch from fatigue and morning sickness haven't been too kind on my thighs. Eeek. I've got a couple of months before I head to the beach. Which means, I'm pretty motivated to walk and Yoga away that cellulite before the waves and the sunshine see my bare legs. haha. Lord help me.
of life’s lolly shop ..
November: The FDA warned that the antidepressant Effexor could cause homicidal thoughts.
The premier revealed that the Cayman Islands Airport Authority had signed a non-binding MOU “to establish a framework for discussions” in relation to the re-development of Owen Roberts International Airport on Grand Cayman and Gerrard-Smith International Airport on Cayman Brac.
In its first year Poetry published William Carlos Williams and William Butler Yeats; Joyce Kilmer’s “Trees” and Ezra Pound’s “In a Station of the Metro”; and introduced Rabindranath Tagore to the English-speaking world just before he was awarded the Nobel Prize.http://www.poetryfoundation.org/poetrymagazine/about
and then I placed it on the couch at night
The girls showed them in 4H for many, many years.
his right hand over
Things go wrong when I don't intend
Main Casts:
Re-decorating my home usually means moving one item into another spot or rearranging the furniture. I generally try to use what I have instead of having to buy something new that will quickly lose its luster in my big, busy household.
I walked out feeling like everything is going to be OK and I will get my happiness back.
Would you even know me if you saw me now?
There’s a word in my family which ignites head turning, eye widening and altogether belly-happiness. I am rather ashamed to say, that for many years I thought the name of this dish was completely made up to entertain small children. I wasn’t completely wrong though, it’s an amalgamation of two Dutch dishes stamppot and hutspot.
* He finds information which is relayed verbally difficult to understand, and often asks to have it repeated. He says "What?" or "Pardon?" frequently.
The One AM Radio – In A City Without Seasons (Dangerbird)
The world’s governments know this.
3. Tool Of My Trade
First off, book trailers are only viewed by some readers, given that a blurb and sample should suffice in whether the book is worth buying or not. However, book trailers can make a nice alternative if done right. Not only are book trailers viewed directly through Amazon, B&N and Smashwords book pages, but there are a number of people who browse through YouTube, random websites, etc. and click on a book trailer as well. Often enough, I watch through book trailers through Amazon and blogs I follow (if they’re included) and I know of many others who do, too. Simply, it’s curiosity getting the best of me. Some trailers convince me to buy the book and others… not so much.
'The damage I've done to my eye is irrevocable. It's like someone damaging their liver. I really do want to get the message across,' she says.
At the time, Malema was listed as a director of SGL. When his link to the company was revealed last year he claimed his signature had been forged and said he was never a ­director. Malema has since ­resigned as a director.
There are one or two more antique shops on the other corner, but I stopped at Mountain Made, and didn’t make it any further. So, stop by later, and I’ll take you into this shop that’s half store for the work of local artisans and half antique store.
You need and must always look approachable regardless what your personality is. However, when I say approachable, I don’t mean to say too enthusiastic, overly-cheerful, or all-smiles. Do I? I recognize the fact that not all managers are born that way and not all can train themselves to be one especially that it is hard to force yourself to be a personality you’re not and will not be ever. Just be who you are. There’s nothing wrong with that. Just see to it that you are observant of your people and that when you notice that someone looks he would like to talk to you, you take the initiative to ask what you can help him with and that you accommodate sincerely. Also, be sensitive using your peripheral vision. When there’s a subordinate of yours who looks like he would like to have a moment with you, give him a smile and ask a simple “yes?” or “what can I do for you?”. What if what he’s going to tell you is an idea so great or a solution to a problem you’ve been thinking about? It will be your and the company’s loss.
As I got to the end of Face Value, I immediately wanted to reach for the next book. And then the one after that. I want to know more, I want more of Beck and Hayden (they are that interesting and they deserve it). I want to see the Bullen family pulled down and justice served. Of course, I also want more Dale and Joseph (The Only Easy Day), as well as Nik and Morgan from Guarding Morgan. Book by book, RJ Scott is building my Sanctuary addiction and now I can’t wait for the next one. The next couple. And perhaps a glimpse of those we have already met and loved. Mission accomplished, RJ Scott, a job well done.
Louis Vuitton Fall/Winter 2010-2011: Marc Jacobs (for good ol’ Louis V.) was absolutely brilliant as he sent out girls wearing skirts and dresses no shorter than calf-length, frilly blouses, nipped-in blazers, and not a set of pants to be found. Rather than seeming frumpy, he mixed materials and patterns in such as way as to make every outfit enticing to the twenty-first century woman. Long leather gloves, very fresh make-up, and an overall air of sophistication (probably imbued by a decided lack of sparkles and sequins!!) added to the effortless grace of the girls. There is a ton of inspiration, especially for my own personal style, just waiting to be discovered in this collection. (Especially the black velvet trim. Velvet! Who knew??) As a girl who loves to wear skirts, sweaters, and sweetheart necklines, I honestly think it’s my favorite collection so far.
These are terrible... I go through a lot of cotton rounds and have come to like a certain style. I found these tucked away and thought I'd better finish them. They leave stringy cotton bits all over the place and disintegrate before you're done with them. I wouldn't repurchase.
The movie opens from the beginning with a “cheerful introduction to the West Indies” explaining about four minutes in:
Sorry Dawn, Number 8 will no longer work. New Illinois law starts tomorrow that it is illegal to own a pet monkey in the state. LOL. My kids and I heard this one on the news last night and were really bummed that we have lost the opportunity for that pet monkey we always wanted.
I thought of all the words we don’t say. And the ones we do. Usually the nonsense ones. Lives lived on a level of exchanging trivia and needing something to laugh at to take the edge off. And that sometimes we take an extra turn around the field, despite the rain and the mud and the dogs being vile just because it provides a beautiful void and is in itself a safe place.
I had fun! Well, I think I did. I’m a bit queasy at the moment!
Quietly and faithfully, without bellyaching or grandstanding, they grab a pen or a laptop, and invite doubt and vulnerability into their lives. Day after day, with an obstinacy that defies financial reward or mercurial praise. And over the years, what begins as a bit of a gamble is honed into nothing less than the assertion of a human will and soul.
the room is big enough so it will always be the three pieces. i will need to make new table cloths or maybe sew some of the ones i have together.
I'm done done done my shopping. And I'm so happy about that. Now I can focus on any "pre-cooking" and the rest of the baking that can be done. This does not bode well for my diet.... :)
Brewery Update:
Black men with the disease JUST TO SEE WHAT IT
It’s actually the very opposite of dialogue in fiction, because conflict is what the speechwriter (and speaker) are trying to avoid.
both engender beans;
colors in your leaf. You may put
and you find yourself
In verse 19, God tells us to choose life, then shows us what that life looks like in verse 20. When we choose to love God above all and listen to Him and cling to Him no matter what, we are choosing life. When we step out in faith and turn from our self-centered/anxious thoughts and choose to think God's thoughts (which are found in His Word) about ourselves and our situations, then we are choosing life. We are choosing God and His Way.
The very fact it was reported in this way means that someone thinks its important. To me a natural birth is one without intervention and nobody is going to have that these days; we’re all made to be in hospital generally so you’ll be lucky! I didn’t have a natural birth I had an augmented birth because I had syntocinon to re-start my contractions.
- Colton is officially 4lbs as of last night! Keltie is right behind him.
“What sorry, you should be punished” (omg … I didn’t know that coming) Chandan puzzled all while checking his inbox.
Kraft box (SU)
Md reds
Like I’ve said before, all month we will be giving you access to our deepest hurts and the painful journey we had to walk through to get where we are today. How God’s redeeming love for me showed me how possible it was to have redeeming love in my marriage. We will be touching on almost everything. Through this journey you will also be hearing from the man himself (Jesse) and what he has learned through this process. We will also be taking questions from you all through this series. Either comment or email us and then every Friday we will be posting those questions for you to see. If you want to comment anonymously, we understand and hope you still do so.
a. “Boasts great things”
Don't forget to sign up for the severe weather "heads up" email list - I usually email everyone before a big event - severe weather - tornado outbreaks - winter storms - ice storms. Click here to join
If I am to rid myself of anything that may contaminate body or spirit, then there is no room in my life for jealousy, bitterness, resentment, selfishness, or anger. The Bible says I am ALWAYS called to practice gentleness, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, and self-control. Someone else's sin -- even sin of my spouse against me -- NEVER gives me the right to respond with sin. I am called to only ONE motivation: reverence for God.
But voice can affect more than whether we get an agent. Voice can affect how well we write. Do we have the right genre for our natural voice? This is why we should never write for the market. We shouldn’t write romance because it’s a hot market. We should just ignore trends and write the best story for us to write.
From my perspective, it boils down to two things:
Goverdhan and his family were very apprehensive in the beginning about what is going to become of this association. But the originality and the uniqueness of the horoscope weaving, the people associated with it and the plan made them see what its going to be.
Women must be unmistakably female, or as he says elsewhere “wifely”:
Charlie Cochrane, author of the delightful Cambridge Fellows series, brings her familiar romantic, roguish style to the two novellas that together are “Home Fires Burning.”
Members of the Brethren of the White Robe, the White Dragon Society, the Knights of the Silver Sword, the Abecedarians, the uncompromised White Hats, as well as several Andromeda Council chair holders, are currently searching for the true one known as Benjamin Fulford or discover what happened to him should he have expired.
Whilst I have never served my country in time of war and have little real family connection to the ANZAC tradition I have a long ‘history’ with the day itself.
Also Karber has a new Flickr Group, be sure to check it out! Periodically the owners of Karber will be picking random winners for prizes, as well as guest design team spots to those who upload to their Flickr group page.
What a difference in your day,
Eliezer Shkolnik (Bar Aba) is a Talmudic scholar at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. He is well-known for his meticulous nature and his eye for detail. He spent decades examining various versions of the Talmud in order to explain their changes, coming to a radical solution. However, just before he was to publish his results, a rival academic stumbled onto the same conclusions – not by doing the same methodical research but by finding a note in a copy of a European Talmud from the 16th century that led him to the same place. The rival published first and all of Eliezer’s work went for naught.
Sean Kendrick has won the race for the past 4 years running. His father’s horse, Corr, has lead him to victory more times than the Island deems lucky. He’s amassed enough winnings to raise him up in social standing…but it’s not the position he wants. It’s the desire to own Corr, a horse that is as much a part of Sean as his own heart.
In a bowl, combine the fish sauce, garlic, curry powder, salt, and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the sugar. Add the chicken meat to coat.
CENTER WILL CONTINUE TO MONITOR SEA LEVEL GAUGES NEAREST THE
Here are two pieces of the canvas.
Outskirts Press also offers further marketing, indexing and editing services as options for submitting authors. Paperback retail prices range from approximately $9 to $14 and hardbacks from $20 to $25. Royalties paid are dependent on the package selected and the retail price set by the author.
PULUT SAMBAL IN BANANA WRAPPING
1 tbsp. chopped parsley
Then that's "Europe" for you. Twice the money for less performance just about sums it up. But this is not funny. Blair has seriously screwed us – lives are at stake here and our operational capability is seriously at risk. He must be very proud.
Mile 10 - 10:12
I can’t even remember now what caused it - everything is just a black void when I try to look back on that day. All I remember is Svend walking in and finding me kneeling on the living room floor, curled up in a ball, wailing "I'll kill him" over and over so I can only assume that Paul must have done something that was the final drop for me. When I came to my senses again, he was in his bedroom having a tantrum. He was throwing everything in his room out into the living room. Whether he was having the tantrum when I cracked or whether it was my behaviour that had scared him, I don't know. Strangely enough, I remember the vacuum cleaner laying on its side and I've a feeling I may have thrown it there, or kicked it over or something. Anyway, Svend managed to calm us down and suggested he took Paul for a while until I felt more capable of caring for both children again. He didn’t at any point make me feel like a bad mother, but was obviously concerned about what could happen if things carried on the way they were.
Honestly, I think Rosemary Sutcliff herself would have applauded the film. I might get all filmmakery and discuss the movie in detail sometime, but that'll be for another post.
According to Lt. Sean Rafferty of the Elgin police department, three other semi trailers were stolen from the same lot in the days before the one containing the book shipment disappeared. The other stolen trailers were empty.
3. "People on Yelp must be *insert derogatory adjective here.*" The demographics of Yelp users might actually surprise you. Most users are over 21, well-educated, and typically interested in food beyond just stuffing their faces. You might think that Yelp users must be lazy-do nothings because they "waste" their time on Yelp. Here's a video on cognitive surplus that might help you understand why people use online tools including Twitter, Blogging, and Facebook. Spending time socializing with people (even if online) is not a waste of time in my opinion. They are contributing to a community, and using that cognitive surplus.
What necklaces could be!
I still wonder if she is mad at me for moving to Florida. It's not like I am her mother. I am just the Aunt. She knows she can come and visit whenever during the summer. She knows that grandpa and I would love to have her here with us for a few weeks during her summer holiday. I relish my time with her and when she pushes me away it really, really hurts. I would almost rather be dead than feel the way I do when she does that, but it's only the way I feel.
I’ll never tell—Pinky & Brain swear
The thirty-fourth century. Humankind is spread across three thousand light years in a myriad of worlds and habitats known as the Human Entelechy. Linked by a network of wormholes with Earth at its center, it is the world Captain RJ Stone awakens to after a twelve-thousand-year cryogenic suspension.
“I’m a professional mime.”
NO Patching & painting of façade walls
By the 1990s and 2000s, it became hipster central with tennants such as: Uma Thurman, Cameron Diaz, Nicholas Cage, Ben Stiller, Katie Holmes, Jack Black, Judd Apatow, Ellen Page.
523- Fresh air
Thursday: System software final
I managed not to pass out, but only barely.
were even awake for that matter.
of people in America are poor and yet most
I find it very difficult to judge the size and quality of the toys from online resources. My primary concern was that the removable pieces would be too small and pose a choking risk. Or that the plastic would be thin or flimsy. Having seen the products first hand, I am very reassured! The plastic is thick and hard, but textured so as not to become slippery once it is drooled on.
Big rematch tonight as Dustin Lash, who gave Zucca his only loss, takes on Tony Zucca for the CCCW 185 amateur belt. Big reception for Zucca, who walks out with his belt and fellow training partners Dustin Jacoby and Brian Foster, as well as coach Rick Drago.
Here is an excerpt:
OK, I'm pretty tired these days and I have lost some enthusiasm for the Happiness Tips. So I'm just going to put up the rest of them and then get on to something else here.
I've got a brew earmarked for the Target hops in a few weeks time. Before that, I'm hoping to brew a traditonal English bitter. Providing I get my broken copper back this week, I may be able to squeeze in the first brew this Thursday.
In the circumstances, I would just like to state my undying admiration for North Korea’s 28 or 29 year old (opinions vary) supreme leader Kim Jung-un.
everything’s under control then? Well, it was until yesterday when I remembered, in a minor panic, that the Campsbourne children – and teachers - may very well be dressing up as their favourite book characters to raise money for charity and that perhaps I need a costume of my own!
* The little girls profess that I am making grammar so "fun". Well, that's quite a feat considering how not fun I view grammar. I'll give credit to the curriculum for the plan that is making grammar more interesting and easy for them to learn (First Language Lessons level 2), but I will accept their kudos for making it "fun" for them :) The other day we drew imaginary cats. Raegan was taught how to draw a cat by some special friends who visited us from Ohio a few weeks ago so she was tickled she could use her new skill (Molly....I think your daughter has the makings of an art teacher!!). Then we switched papers and added adverbs and adjectives to describe eachother's cats. Oh, my...they love stuff like that.
09 Pater Noster
That's still there after our last crazy bought of super awesome storms.
Tracie ♥
Some had raised their arms to defend themselves from the brutal blows.
Let us be whatever you want us to be—your trains, your music, your fleeting smiles, but just let us be. Let us have an answer for the question of life while you solve your question of God, let us be. Let us sing a love story and do not mock our thick accents for we do not have the luxury of your tongues; we have no tongues, no speech, no songs. We are waiting for our mothers to sow our youth and give us the song of salvation. We are waiting for the anti-hope pills that never work.
“You are lucky to have them. They are nice and considerate, all you do it bitch and complain and they put up with you. Be happy you found the perfect guy/girl. They are the best your gonna get.” I hear that ALL the freakin time. No one tells me i am the luckiest girl they are ever going to get. Nope. I am always the bitch who gets the “Awesome guy” and i shouldnt be all mean and what-not. Oh did i tell you my cousin got mad at me cause he is allowed to hang out with his ex’s if he wants?
There were again a great many skeletons advancing upon the hilltop–but now, the lot were accompanied by a variety of more powerful undead; among the rank and file were unusual skeletal combatants, such as headless hunch-backed skeletal warriors and elven skeletal champions boasting long curved blades. Several minotaur skeletons wielding great axes reared from the western front where Emma now stood vigil, while to the northeast approached the skeleton of a stegosaurus. All eyes turned southward to the most notable shape emerging from the fog, however: a giant mummy, lumbering free from the mist!
Tomato sauce, 6 table spoons
2-3 cups cooked rice
The truth is, however, that the battle begins the minute we are born. Satan has a consuming desire to control the destiny of every person on Planet Earth.
Wednesday, May 09: Gaiety on Rodney Bay – Ronald “Boo” Hinkson
Once upon a time, a fellow named Richard Bachman wrote Blaze on an Olivetti typewriter, then turned the machine over to Stephen King, who used it to write Carrie. Bachman died in 1985 ("cancer of the pseudonym"), but this last gripping Bachman novel resurfaced after being hidden away for decades -- an unforgettable crime story tinged with sadness and suspense.
And now with the recent controversy surrounding the smoking of a shisha pipe with countryman Adel Taarabt following QPR’s 2-1 win over the Gunners at the weekend, you can be sure that Chamakh will be out the door come the summer. Arsene Wenger will reportedly ‘decide the fate’ of the striker which does not exactly bode well.
X-rays and autopsies showed the mouse didn't suffer any trauma, like from a mouse trap, nor was it killed using poison. In other words, there were no signs the mouse was killed and then forced through the opening.
Ted laughs, "That's up to Jay and off the record the man is the biggest cheapskate you'll ever meet."
following;
Have you ever been to this blog before? If not, check it out. I seriously, as my sister-in-law would say, have an extreme girl crush on the fabulous mama that runs this blog! She has seriously changed the way I look at organizing the small spaces in my house, and made me realize that you really can pack a huge organizing punch in every room in your house!
But extended family, it could be you
During the cooking process, if you check the turkey breast and see that it is browning on top, cover lightly with a piece of aluminum foil to prevent further browning and drying out.
Whew 86 degrees this afternoon, feels like July instead of May. I wonder if this is a sign of things to come this year with the unseasonally warm winter and spring ????
And I also won a Walmart gift card from Peggy @ PJH Designs... Thank you so much Peggy... I've definatelty feel blessed this week.. http://pjhdesignsoneofakind.blogspot.com/
The long and short of it is that, unfortunately, I am writing for them right now. Much as I hate to admit it, I have to swallow my pride so I can earn a little. Right now I’m also testing the waters. If I get another deduction for my last submission, then they might as well forget it. I’m not writing anymore. For them, at least.
are available of his live performances and unfortunately,
First had this puppy at the Texas Beer Fest (not the Houston Beer Fest), and I enjoyed it. Now let's see if this thing can taste just as good when I'm not in a rodeo arena in Humble on my 14th 2-ounce beer. Aw that nose is awesome. Big piney hops with a huge caramel malt. Perfect pour in my Circle Brewing pint glass, with a huge white head. Beer is unbelievable at the beginning with a huge caramel malt and massive piney/lemon hops. The middle of the slug has something like a slight metallic, and there is a big ick hop flavor on the aftertaste. A pinch more cloying than I would want, but hey, that's Double IPA for ya. Need some food.
To kick things off I created a simple model which will evolve over the coming weeks. What this model shows is the basic process to create a single T2 item component. Starting from left to right you can see three separate buy orders for each of the item material requirements. They sit in a container before being brought together for manufacturing. Once complete a single T2 component exits.
Saute the onion and celery in the olive oil until soft. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds until fragrant. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Sauce will become very thick. Makes enough sauce to top one pizza.
Scrap coconut. Roughly chop green chillies. Grind green chillies and coconut alongwith salt to a coarse powder.(DO NOT ADD WATER). Transfer to a bowl, squeeze half a lime and temper with mustard seeds.
The competition for minimizing the reality of President Obama’s words and actions in the media is fierce. After all, Solyndra, according to the Associated Press, is an “embarrassment.” Heaven forbid that anyone in the establishment press call it what it really is: a “scandal” and, as described by Andy McCarthy at National Review, a “fraud.”
We go early to the beach and Sarah claims a circle for us, which then turns into a little fortress or castle against waves and " beach intruders!"
Now, in order to function as a true child of God in the image of Christ, enabled for communion with the Father, we not only need a regenerated spirit but an empowered spirit as well. That is why Jesus told Nicodemus that …
First of all: Tourism in Germany is more important to the economy than car-, machine building- and building industry. € 280 billion turnover, 2,9 million employees, 4,4% direct gross value = let’s be more self-conscious.
Sad isn't it.
read: 2 Cor 12: 1-7 and Isa. 48: 10 both speak of a type of adversity
So with all of that rambling... what does staying true to ourselves look like in a place that's so foreign in so many ways?
back to dpreview.
From You Tube:
Greek voters reject austerity measures and head back toward the out of control spending that got them in trouble to begin with (the path we are on). Look for that country to collapse in the near future.
Depending on the state of our lives, feelings in the ecclesia can be terrifying, satisfying, depressing, or meaningless – everything human beings are capable of feeling. It is also inevitable that we bring with us into the Divine Community the brokenness of our psyches. Thus, we are prone to use others in distorted ways. We attach ourselves to leaders and use their confidence or eloquence (or far darker things) to patch together the shattered pieces of our own psyches. We use our peer groups in destructive ways to create islands of belonging, fleeing the alienation and abandonment of our inner history.
Now that you are saved, you can basically do whatever the hell you want. It doesn’t matter. Just remember to repent and all will be well. You are no longer like the ordinary human being. There is something special about you now. You have a spirit inside you, though I’m not sure where exactly I placed it, that will help you to get through this life. Sometimes the spirit works, other times it will go on vacation and let you sin to your heart’s content.
Just 29 years ago today, an almost impossibly demure-looking Cher (who knew she ever dressed so much like a lesser Windsor?) is squired to some forgotten social event by, believe it or not, Val Kilmer. I think their expressions tell a number of potentially interesting stories, most of them filthy.
Just wanted to say hey to all you who follow my blog! There are some new faces over there, and I'd like to thank all of you for visiting when you do!
But as the New York Times article states, these recommendations are controversial and there is fear among some patients and doctors that they will be applied too broadly. The newspaper quotes Dr. Eric Topol, chief academic officer of Scripps Health who says, “These all sound reasonable, but don’t forget that every person you’re looking after is unique…This kind of one-size-fits-all approach can be a real detriment to good care.”
The white on the top is some white embossing powder.
I've used a paper that came free with a magazine, because I wasn't really thinking. But if you want to make something similar, then you'll need My Minds Eye Lime Twist Fly a Kite.
4. Happiness. That stupid big grin I mentioned before? Yeah, that happens a lot in skating. It’s a pure, simple, invigorating kind of joy that I hope all people can experience in one way or another. No matter what’s going on in my life, I can leave it outside the rink and clear my head on the ice. And, despite a long break, skating has been and remains one of the greatest joys of my life.
Its a fact of every guild. People come and go. I doubt very much there are many guilds around who raid with the same roster they raided with in vanilla. But even the closest 10 man guild made of real life friends is going to experience change over time as factors in no way related to the game have an impact. WoW is on its fourth expansion and is over 6 years old. Thats a long time for people to commit to a raiding team. Its longer than some marriages!
For many, this would be the life. Not for these 2. Something was missing, and they knew it because their insatiable thirst was not quite quenched. Yes, it was time they created apps of their own. No client involved and more importantly no financial constraints. A big risk that they were willing to take only because of that insatiable thirst. Ideas just kept flowing in, but a few heart breaking google searches later, they realized that there already was an app made for it. Suddenly it struck them, that there were a million apps out there, but why not make something that is just plain better, easier to use and simply simple.
oooh I think POTC 4 is out next week, I see from the trailer its Penelope Cruz...OMGAWD Johnny Deep is still in it....PHEW...That was a close one right ahahaha. Can't wait to watch it and get my Johnny Deep on ;)
In receiving the news, I think it has made me put even more focus on my exercise. However, my diet has been slacking. Odd, I know. Not to mention, I gained back the .6 pounds that I lost last week. I suppose it could be worse. But I’m even more focused to get myself in shape. New job prospects mean I can be anyone I want to be. A new beginning of sorts.
I sometimes ask myself this same question within the context of having so many cats. Seems for a long, long time (fifteen years) I had only one cat, Molly, then somehow in the blink of an eye I became a crazy cat lady with FIVE cats! I like to make sure people know I have a dog also, as if this is some kind of normalizing factor and doesn’t just make me look even more of a nutter because it brings the count of animals in my household to six – LOL!!
Here’s what I ate during my second day of detox:
There were a couple of good ones on there, but what struck me was the similarity between the vast majority of them - similar voiceovers, similar tones-of-voice. Similar rubbish little scenarios.
It’s snowing in Ithaca, and the Cornell Hawk Cam shows the female red-tailed hawk, “Big Red” sitting on her brood while covered with snow. One chick has hatched already and is vocalizing, and there are two more to go (perhaps one of those has hatched as well).
I am among thousands of Cebuano’s who call for justice for Ella Joy and his family. I join the prayers for all the child victims who like Ella Joy wait for real justice.
Boy’s Ski Mask from McCall’s Needlework & Crafts, Fall-Winter 1965-66
Contented and easily satisfied.
Does Mike think Ashley is sexiest in a sundress, jeans and a tank top, lingerie or pajamas?
Today I' turn 3 weeks old! I have had a great first 3 weeks of life! I’ve been to my daddy’s school a couple of times and boy do the kids love me! I’ve never heard so many, “Awwws!” in my life. The 7th grade girls think I’m one cute boy! By looking at my picture I have to agree!
The past few days, I’ve been a little down, whether it’s from trying to get back into the swing of things or an illness coming on. But have you ever had those days you literally just want to do nothing?
from all over the nation. We're a small town team
13. Going Back Home 4'14
Ultimately, the question, does microfinance work? is impossible to answer, because microfinance is not a single tool but a collection of tools. MFIs around the world serve different types of clients. These institutions offer various services including loans, savings accounts, insurance products, and various combinations of these services. MFIs also operate in diverse environments around the globe: some are urban, some are rural, some are in South Asia, some are in Africa, some are in Eastern Europe, and so on. Given this extreme heterogeneity, one of the greatest errors researchers and practitioners can make is to over-interpret the empirical results that are available to us, since each study necessarily applies only to a very specific context. Rather, keeping both the general and the specific questions in mind, each impact study must be interpreted as a small piece of a growing body of knowledge about how microfinance, in all its forms, functions in the world and how it affects the lives of the poor.
The blessed name of mother.”
I have always loved this style of drawing, and I am so happy to see that there are others out there who also enjoy it. I think it really began for me as a serious addiction during maths class in high school...was it the same for you? Where did you first discover you had an uncontrollable urge to doodle?
Strawberries are on sale right now for $0.88/lb, so I just had to throw some of those in! I'm thinking I should can some strawberry jam since strawberries are on such a good deal, but I don't know if I dare do it by myself.....
OK not COMPLETELY different... still paper crafty.
I do hope that this blog is, however, always filled with just real life and honesty.
Independence Brewing Co., the Austin microbrewery, received the 2012 Good Food Award for their Convict Hill Stout in recognition of the handcrafted ale’s exceptional quality, and the brewery’s commitment to sustainability and supporting the Austin community.
N2O is the third highest contributor to climate change behind carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4), but it poses a greater challenge to mitigate as nitrogen is an essential element for food production.
The MPI has emerged as a leading indicator of multifamily activity, providing information about the likely movement of Census Bureau statistics on multifamily starts about one to three quarters in advance. Although both series have been subject to short-term fluctuations and temporary reversals, the MPI has generally trended upward since the second quarter of 2009, and the multifamily starts rate has generally trended upward since the fourth quarter of that year.
I Come Trough The (military bases) Suicidal Doors
Altogether, it is a nasty piece of black memecraft, exploiting different weakness in the human operating system to create a gaping cognitive disconnect: on one hand, territoriality and fear of the Other, and on the other the desire to not appear tribal, because being tribal is primitive and racist and not fit for modern democrazy, where we are all equal under the corporate codes. Hello, dissonance!
several years.
Anyway, back to the fact that I am racist.
The biggest streamer is the father
Oh, man. The backlog...the BACKLOG!
Unlike the works of masters, which make ones fingers itch,
Hi Dawn, you said that the new blog layout WAS your fridge, so now I'm intrigued... just how many refrigerators does your family go through? I thought the side-by-side fridge in your "Clay Steals a Cookie" video was your new one? Or did the web designer just rearrange it to be more functional as a web page?
When we realize that all things are also processes, the concept of existence can take on a new meaning. Perhaps we should shift our focus from the idea that existence is about things. What exists is what is happening. No process goes on forever, and thus we can’t really speak of the things that exist for all time and in all places. Things, people, societies, ideas… these are all dancing patterns, and when the dancing stops, only stillness remains.
you up!
At the center is Mencheres, a breathtaking Master vampire who thought he'd seen it all. Then Kira appears - this fearless, beautiful....human who braved death to rescue him. Though her burns for her, keeping Kira in his world means risking her life. Yet sending her away is unthinkable.
QUESTION TIME: INTER-FAITH CLASHES, INFLATION AND SOMALIA
then I heard her say
for a huge allocation to be made for
You can clearly see this is a terrible edit, but you can also see the harsh shadows caused by the mid day sun in this picture.
And before anyone starts commenting that I should have saved and put it away in an RRSP when times were good, let me ask, when was that? I put away plenty in my 20s and 30s, despite working at near minimum wage levels in the community newspaper industry in my 20s, but the market crash of 2008 took a major chunk of that - and it wasn't like I had plowed all my money into unicorn futures or anything like that. Just your bog-standard mutual funds and blue chips. It isn't all gone, but I would have made a lot more if I had just bought Krugerrands and buried them in the yard. As it stands, with compound interest and some creative investing twenty years from now I may get back nearly as much as I put in.
As rumors have continued to surface about Apple using liquid metal material for there next generation iPhone, French designer Antoine Brieux has gone all out by creating a gorgeous concept of what he believes the sixth-generation liquid metal iPhone will look like .
Be aware of wonder.
I’m not posting a recipe this time… You’ve already seen the bread recipe; the one for pulla might be copyrighted (I’ll have to check on that) and we’re still working on finding a perfect chocolate chip cookie recipe. The one we used today was good but not perfect…
In the nineties I got married, and a few years later became a mom. I started losing track. I no longer had any disposable income or time to go to the clothing store. The only way I had kept up with fashions had been seeing what the kids in school were wearing and what was in the stores. When I became a mother, the only fashion trends I was spotting were in sizes 3-24 months.
So here’s my contribution, which I found much too tasty not to include on this blog!
Open up my eyes to the things unseen
for being put on the market ... and I reckon I will be out of it for a
84Who seek in love for aught but love alone.
-that barbie clothes shrink in the dryer
In Cuyler the defendant brought a Sec. 2254 petition for habeas relief based, in part, on an allegation that his two trial attorneys represented potentially conflicting interests in their joint representation of the defendant and two codefendants. Id. at 337-38, 100 S.Ct. at 1712-13. The defendant in Cuyler, however, did not object to the joint representation at trial. Id. Because of the defendant’s failure to object at trial, Cuyler concluded that the trial court had no duty to inquire about the possibility of a conflict of interest. Id. at 347, 100 S.Ct. at 1716. The Court also held that the defendant could not establish a Sixth Amendment violation based on a showing of a mere possibility of a conflict of interest; rather, the defendant must demonstrate an actual conflict. Id. at 348, 100 S.Ct. at 1718. The Court in Cuyler announced this “actual conflict” standard, however, by stating, “[i]n order to establish a violation of the Sixth Amendment, a defendant who raised no objection at trial must demonstrate that an actual conflict of interest adversely affected his lawyer’s performance.” Id. (emphasis added). This language makes it clear that the Cuyler “actual conflict” standard applies only in those cases in which the defendant fails to raise a conflict of interest objection at trial. See Hamilton v. Ford, 969 F.2d 1006 (11th Cir.1992) (“Cuyler is limited to those cases in which a defendant raises no objection to joint representation at trial”), cert. denied, — U.S. —-, 113 S.Ct. 1625, 123 L.Ed.2d 183 (1993); see also United States v. Martin, 965 F.2d 839, 841 (10th Cir.1992) (applying Cuyler actual conflict standard “[b]ecause defendant failed to raise a Sixth Amendment objection at trial”); United States v. Bowie, 892 F.2d 1494, 1500 (10th Cir.1990) (same). Because in the instant case, Petitioner vigorously objected to the joint representation at trial, Cuyler is inapplicable.
o Make a deliberate shift of manageable proportions to change one habit to another – e.g., being more or less assertive, empathetic, doubting.
I won't be too far away, and who knows, perhaps when life is less hectic I will return. Until then, I will be lurking in your windows from time to time and keeping you in my thoughts and prayers.
Solar Plexus is Ian Carr with an expanded Nucleus line up to give that extra dimension to the music. Everyone has a chance to blow too but somehow no-one dominates and the whole piece hinges upon group interplay rather than extended histrionics.
My dodgy connection is one of the reasons I ceased playing games on line, it’s why I don’t make catch up dates on FB and it’s why I would be lost without my SmartPhone.
Yesterday was May Day, who knew? I thought May didn’t officially kick off til cinco de mayo. Then again with the lack of success, I suppose that’s true.
That’s the story in a nutshell, but Toibin is a graceful, unhurried storyteller. He takes time to consider the small details in Eilis’s life and those of other characters without necessarily drawing everything into the main story. So much that happens serves to round out Eilis’s character, and we are part of her growing process. There are small “a-ha” moments, times when Eilis reflects on the way the world works and how she fits into it.
During my times, kindergarten means one to two years of preschool education at PAP foundation. Life is simple and straight-forward. Most of us are born at Kandang Kerbau Hospital (more commonly known as KK hospital), fed with S26 infant milk powder and attended PAP kindergarten. I still remember my sky-blue uniform with a little mock red tie. The proudest moment of my kindergarten must be when I graduated at the top of my cohort. Oops... sorry mum, I was never first thereafter and so lucky not to be at the bottom last ^_^ Anyway, I survived my years of school education, never failed any examinations (so-called "no red marks" in my report book) and my mum did not have to meet my teachers or the Principal (last time, there was no "parent-teacher conference", meet teacher means you have done something wrong in school!).
17 Chorophobia (look it up)
I haven’t had a cell phone in 5 years so it’s cool to be connected with the world again. I had to pay up to get an ‘unlocked’ phone, but it’ll save me money over time, considering what cell phone companies in Israel charge.
If you haven’t made it yet to Bier Brewery, they will be at the upcoming Winterfest on Jan. 29th. Connor plans on bring a wide variety of beers, so be sure to visit early and often.
I hope you like it :)
Lately I have been doing a lot of painting. The custom portraits from my etsy shop seem to be my most popular item. I've been working on a few as well as some other stuff, and that's why I haven't been posting much. I'll post pictures of the one I'm working on now--I'm really liking how it's turning out.
The plaza block was edged by a structure containing, among other things, a restaurant and a health club, and at the south end of the plaza, facing the First Street Bridge, was a 25,000 square foot City Council building, built to look like a temple.
Well you're just coming up with all sorts of great ideas over there.
You should also blog the persons link that gave you the award and inform her/him that you accept the award.
The higher metaphysical pursuits, as well as more perverse practices, are found in all societies and ethno-groups.
First off if a game is being certified, I’m pretty sure that no content can be included on the disc. To meet the March 6th release date and go gold by the 13th of February, the game would need to be at a stage where it’s almost complete by at least December, maybe January if they want to push it. The Collector’s Edition was announced November 18th. This was when the From Ashes DLC was announced before we knew it was From Ashes. This would mean that the DLC was already in early production, early being the keyword. Now since it has an official name now it’s safe to say the content is almost finished, but not quite release ready. By now it’s too late for it to be put on the disc so it has to be put online.
I am dedicating this entry to those who are struggling with their addiction during the holiday season.
Fold your leather in half, right sides together, and place your pattern pieces on the straight grain. You can pin around the pieces to keep the layers together, but be mindful that the pins will leave holes when you remove them. I used weights to keep my pieces down while I traced around the edges with a piece of chalk.
11. “Someone was hurt before you, wronged before you, hungry before you, frightened before you, beaten before you, humiliated before you, raped before you… yet, someone survived… You can do anything you choose to do.” –Maya Angelou
Series: House of Comarré series
I’ve finished my exams and the semester (PARTAYE TIME – AND BY ‘PARTAYE’ I REALLY MEAN ‘PACKING’) and finally watched The Avengers – the movie I’ve been waiting a year to watch, and even more so recently since I was addicted obsessed took interest in Marvel: Avengers Alliance, an awesome Facebook game. If you have some time to spare try it – but I won’t be held responsible for you staying up til 4am, sending your team on remote flight ops or battling Loki or farming for Command Points to recruit Captain.
This is why I prefer selling my art in person. I love to know where my "kids" are going to be. I get very attached to these pieces, as I'm sure that you all do with your own art. Sometimes my art and I have disagreements (just like kids), but in the end, you love all of your pieces and you really care what happens to them.
This week at work we were hit with an interesting problem in our development with Pega. We were working on a requirement to import data from an Excel spreadsheet which we originally used to receive in the standard Excel 2003 XLS format. This is a rather simple exercise using the JExcel library which Pega includes in its SI package. (Of course, this is not the first mention of JExcel in my blog. You may recall that I ported it to dotNET and blogged about it in JExcel native port to .NET in C#.) However, true to form of most requirements, there was an unanticipated change in that the new spreadsheets are delivered in the Excel 2007 XLSX format! We are staring down the barrel of a deadline and need to meet this changed requirement.
Genesis 39:2… “And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian” (KJV).
What would be the way of the Lord then in choosing between Matthias and Barsabas. Look at Acts 1:26. It says,
I hope to inspire engineering students, psychology students, smartphone programmers, sports gear makers, and possibly even a beverage vendor to be excited to be a part of this event.
I share a birth date with Shakespeare---enough said---me, a poet, playwright--insecure---never
So anyways, have a sonic snippet, courtesy of of SUUM CUIQUE, who is Miles Whittaker half of Demdike Stare. Definitely the sound of nighttime in the city….
Website (if applicable):
I find this sentence gives me the power I feel I've lost, wonderfully back!
“The Alchemy of Transmuting Human Venom: How Esotericism Provides Balance for this Process” Esoteric philosophies and mysticism have contributed enormously to society’s preservation of basic values of kindness and respect towards all things. This study will demonstrate how Mysticism and esoteric traditions — non-literal by definition and often preserved in oral tradition — have always placed an emphasis on reasoning through the exploration and creative use of human puzzle-solving skills. In the current era, we see the rise of “human venom,” the manifestation of violence that results in unkindness and damage to others, in large part due to the current increase in the literalism of today’s fundamentalisms of all cultures. All spiritualities converge in an orientation towards the transcendent and compassionate, constructive relationships with others. Revitalizing those core similarities is an important step in healing society and enabling our ability to walk in harmony with our society and with the transcendent. In order to find gracefulness in behavior and balance in our daily lives, this presentation will explore ways in which we can draw upon ancient mystical principles to return to focusing on the inner goodness in each of us and the reconciliation of opposing viewpoints, The same characteristics that have been proven effective in psychotherapy’s healing of the individual, including unconditional positive regard for human beings, can provide guidelines for healing our larger society. Like psychology, esoteric traditions assume that the process is important to achieving a positive result. Mystical practices utilize metaphors and alternative frameworks to facilitate an enlightenment or understanding that goes beyond what mere words can easily define. In exploring the contrasts and effects of various philosophies, we can find an antidote to current deficiencies in thought and behavior. In doing so, we can encourage a more balanced and healthier world.
She kicked off the party by slicing into a cake and sharing it with a performer. I know not so bad huh, but wait the cake was no ordinary cake. The cake was made to look like an African woman like those we see in some statues; the part she sliced was that of the womans vagina, in essence performing a clitoridectomy. She then fed the piece to a performing artists who was dressed in “black face.” This stands in stark contrast to her official political stance as being totally against Racism.
3And you are to come to him who is priest at that time, and say to him, I give witness today before the Lord your God, that I have come into the land which the Lord made an oath to our fathers to give us.
Would you capture it
The big night came and the “holy” family paraded out, followed lastly by the guru himself, who then perched on the highest throne. Now I have told you all of this to get to this point. The crowd began to worship the guru and the other members of the family. At this point one of my band mates nudged me and told me to look at the family on their thrones. When I did this I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. They were there, but they had changed. They looked different. There were other entities that night that manifested on that stage and looking back now almost 40 years later, it is my opinion that what I saw was the demonic manifestation that in-dwelt each of these people.
A couple Saturday's ago I went and bought paint and thought I was going to paint this bathroom quickly in one afternoon. After cutting in half a wall with all those crazy corners I said hell to the no and closed the door on the project. Luckily last week there was a Groupon for painters and I couldn't click "buy" fast enough. My poor MIL is coming this weekend and the painters can't come until the 16th... Sorry MIL! Maybe we can lean the vanity mirror up against the wall? :-/
Each morning, we let them out of the coop into the pen. If someone is going to be around during the day, we herd them into the fenced-in dog area, where they spend the day happily eating grass and bugs.
I'm very busy today, lots of Squares. These next ones have come in from Suzanne here in the UK. Suzanne tells me she hasn't been Crocheting for long! You would never have thought it! The Squares once again are just so pretty, lovely patterns and great colours! Once again here is another Lady who knows how to put colours together! Let's have a look at her Squares now!
Daníel Bjarnason — Air to Breath / Montauk in February Remix
You see, the world is rotten – it always has been since sin entered the lovely world God created. Yet He didn’t leave us here in the middle of all of the rottenness without HOPE! Love IS a miracle! For every rotten lyric that is wafted out, you can replace it with good ones and share it on the wind with others; for every rotten word spoken to you or around you, a soft answer or sweet smile can change attitudes; when your heart is shattered by hurtful things done to you, you can pick up the pieces with God’s help; when you see inappropriate things that are seared into your brain, you can replace it with good things and by asking God to take the bad images from you. We may live here, but we don’t have to be part of it! Each one of us can change our own piece of the world just by the fact that, “Love is a Miracle,” and that LOVE took our disease!
Mr Barroso said he intends to take steps during the two-day summit to fight tax evasion and boost a financial transaction tax.
Anthony S. Fauci - Director, NIAID: afauci@niaid.nih.gov
Now on to the beer itself.
SH: You just don't understand the hoarder mentality.
Make Them Feel More SexyNational survey of adults shows that Democrats are more likely to have tattoos and regret for getting them is highest among Republicans.
Lightsabers, cocky space pirates, kleptomaniacal swamp-dwelling grammatically incorrect goblins, dashingly handsome cape-wearing Sith Lords and, of course, the Death Star.
The kind that makes you purposely over-stuff yourself because you just don't want it to end.
Though an obnoxiously overused phrase to describe anything even remotely outside of the mainstream, few have done as much to earn being "not for everyone" as Daniel Tosh, a comedian whose stated goal is to offend each and every member of his audience at least once during his show, and who admits to taking jokes further and further until nobody has any idea what he's talking about. Tosh seems to delight in finding new ways to turn his audience's expectations against them, from his rejection of transitions to his willingness to say what nobody else in the room has ever thought. This could easily devolve into David Cross-esque ranting and condescension, but Tosh's genial and casual attitude keep his set from seeming mean-spirited. He constantly writes new material, and this lack of polish shows, though his spot-on comedic timing and stellar delivery more than makes up for it.
Tactics as pilot: Keep the craft steady and strafing for the gunners. The guns are short ranged, meaning you’ll have to get in close to be effective (but they are very effective against practically anything). Protect yourself too though- the cockpit is a glaring weak spot. Don’t worry too much about being skyjacked as it is quite unlikely given the small potential area. The Falcon might be best used wading into a ground battle with your own team on the ground engaging enemies- both gunners can quickly wipe out the distracted foes. It is possible, but extremely difficult, to ram with a falcon and is only recommended if you don’t have gunners. A good Falcon team is excellent against Banshees who will have a hard time hitting a Falcon with their plasma bursts.
· Other advantages include long life, lightweight and even recyclable! Yup, food grade silicone is recyclable at many outlets across the UK and indeed the world.
10-Father, Son
So if the shoulder is anchored with the muscles, tendons and ligaments, where does the shoulder joint pain come from? There are two common causes of shoulder joint pain. The first is when the soft tissues are disrupted as a result of an injury or over use of the shoulder. The other is when a degenerative process such as arthritis breaks down the tissues and these tissues no longer function as well.
So the Guild Wars 2 team wrote this big “MMO Manifesto,” which listed all the annoyances of typical MMOs and how they killed immersivity and the story and everything else. How the missions were always the same, and repeatable ad infinitum, and had no impact on the world whatsoever. How the personal character storyline didn’t exist. And how tedious it was to be grinding for hours on end just to get a skill point, or just to level up, or just to be able to buy a weapon. Etc, etc. And I was so totally impressed with this! YES! What I’ve been saying all along about the “MMO(no)RPG”!
there is a clint black song? its about a woman who wants to leave her husband for another man but won’t. i heard it only once but it was really good..anyone know the name of it?
My adorable, perfect, loving husband decided that he would shave his head completely bald in solidarity with my mom, whose hair is finally starting to thin. She still has it, but it's going fast and she's already bought a wig and some hats in preparation. This Sunday we completely shaved MS's head, and I think he looks great! He has always had very short hair, so it wasn't as big of a sacrifice as it would be if, for instance, I chopped off all my hair (it's past my waist), but I still thought it was a very sweet gesture.
Software Security - defendants include Check Point Software, McAfee, Inc., Symantec and Trend Micro. To view the complaint, click here.
because you can shop for pink stuff to your hearts content (for a good cause, of course!). I'm not kidding; it's a LOT of pink, my friends. My Friday confession is that pink has never been my favorite color; in fact, too much pink can remind of that certain medicine and when I think about that certain medicine it leads to thoughts of having to take that medicine and that leads to unpleasant thoughts in general. I do like pink, but not too much of it all at once.
I watched radar and checked the local weather station's Facebook page obsessively for the next six hours, as I'm sure the couple did. At 1:30, it stopped raining. At 2:00, I packed up the harp and headed to the park. No one else had arrived yet. I had the park to myself, except for a woman who drove by and asked incredulously, "They're having a WEDDING here today?"
are standing at the curbside
I have desires, but I am not my desires.
Just a random thought. Now I'm back to work...
Baby steps. That’s what I told myself when I finally found a recipe for cheesecake that I was willing to try. Well, that’s what I tell myself every time I want to attempt another dish that requires skill, more than anything else. The thing is sometimes telling myself I need to take baby steps means I’m also leaving the door wide open for procrastination. Which happens a lot, when you’re me.
- It’s better to be the Terrible Patient than the sad one. If you’re the Terrible Patient it means you’re probably closer to getting well because you have the capacity to crack jokes.
tonight, i want to just fly away. away.
For the first time in almost twenty-one years of teaching I went on strike.
Don't expect too much too soon. Just as I decided to establish a routine, I also decided to move. oops. Given that my apartment will not be ready until March 1st and my lease is up Feb. 1st, I will be couch surfing for a month. I hope to wow my hosts with my new recipes and I promise to keep you updated with pictures and whatnot.
come on up!
1 residence
Rosie Chauke, a youth coordinator from Radio Dialogue says her duties include working on various projects. “We have activities such as debate camps, drama competitions, talk shows and public speaking competitions for those youth that are still at school,” said Chauke.
1-1½ tbsp Sea Salt
He said: “This is a totally despicable act. It was wrong when the IRA was carrying these attacks out and nothing has changed now.
- Kill any enemies on your right and on your left (below the stairs leading to the roof). There can be enemies getting down from the roof at any time, especially if they are shooting RPG’s to the mounted machine guns.
Anyway, as becomes apparent by the end of the post, here’s my main point: “its impossible to justify epistemological or ontological claims without invoking value statements, and hence, ethical and political concerns. Philosophy today that doesn’t talk about oppressions like racism and global capital is radically incomplete, and even if its implied ethics is anti-oppressive.” The question is how I get there. I also go off a little on Levi’s mode of arguing in the middle (hey, a guy’s aloud to get a little pissed off sometimes, right?), but that’s only tangentially related to the substance of the post.
When to use: Triumphant coup de grace to any football related debate. Replace words as needed.
Edit: if it's printed at 100% the owl body piece is 13cms - just over 5inches - high. You may need to click again on the template image to make it full size on your screen, then set it to print at 100%. If you're having trouble getting the image to print on one page, you may need to change the header/footer settings on your page setup and/or print the template a teeny bit smaller, eg 98% instead of 100%)
They were identified as journalists Graham Lizamore, 62, and his wife Kate, in her fifties, who had both formerly worked for the Daily Dispatch and who have recently moved to KwaZulu-Natal.
I know what you have been saying about me. I hear your shows, not often live, but I get around to hearing them later, yes I do, Mr. Asshat Maugans. Oh hey I will even give you a link since you bitch so much that people never link you when mentioning Wolf Transvestite Radio. –you know I luv ya all. And oh, Randy, your blog article only generated three hits to this blog, which means…well…not many people read your blog, nor do many listen to your show. But, and that is a big butt if you get the hint, your interview with Whitley the other day was excellent.
Tristan (Top right) was born two months and one day before my son, Jude (Top left). They First met when Tristan was two months old and Jude was just a few weeks old. They didn't exactly hit it off. Jude was barely out of the womb, and attached to me 24-7, so laying him next to an almost 3 month old proved to be a disaster. Tristan grabbed Jude, Jude started crying, Tristan started crying, and I couldn't help but continue to let them lay there and cry so I could snap pictures. It was cute..I am sorry.
Despite rallying on Saturday, Her Majesty went down for the count on Sunday--her fever returned, as did the lethargy and sad eyes and clinginess. I hoped that it might be temporary, but she was still running a fever just above 100 on Sunday night. I was thinking, maybe bronchitis, or some kind of secondary infection from what was obviously a virus that both W.B. and she had last week.
As Abigail Esman at Forbes notes in her informative piece, “Could you be a criminal? U.S. supports UN anti-freespeech measure,” the US long resisted the resolution because it contravened our First Amendment guaranteeing freedom of speech. But now the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (a consortium of Islamic Nations) has tweaked the language to make it palatable to America, and they’ve succeded: Obama and Secretary of State Clinton are supporting the resolution, and the U.S. may sign on.
AB 417/SB 294 establishes a uniform review process in the event that an unclaimed property claimant disagrees with the administrator’s decision regarding the status of a claim.
I spotted this Claudia Roden recipe over at Faux Fuchsia's place. She's so together and tidy and gorgeous and funny and effortlessly well-groomed and posts the most lovely food photos of her creations too. I thought I'd give it a go, and hoped that some of Faux's magic would rub off on me.
The sad thing about the idiots that I’ve dealt with in the past couple days is that they forget that we are all part of a community and, sooner or later, we will run into each other again. Word of mouth goes a long way in a small town such as mine – I don’t think these morons realize this.
Here is a picture of him:
The first five people who order this kit and quote DEC10 in their e-mail or on their order form, will pay no postage, no matter if they order other kits as well, and no matter where they are in the world.
He ascended into heaven, he is seated on the right hand of the Father, God Almighty: from where he will come to judge the living and the dead;
Anything goes with Kraft!
- Since Capcom subsidiary, Flagship developed the game, there’s some neat items that aren’t featured in any other Zelda game (i.e. the Switch Hook and Seed Shooter)
(February 15, 2006) “Housing markets are cooling a bit. Our expectation is that the decline in activity or the slowing in activity will be moderate, that house prices will probably continue to rise.”
You can't teach an old dog new.....math.
or blaming our skins in the shape of scented baths.
Woollard
Don is probably referring to this type of piece of paper:
Kathy had an enormous cherry blossom tree in her front garden, which rained pink confetti in spring and sprouted beautiful, dark emerald leaves as the summer progressed. Our beech hedge was flourishing and the pears, apples and cherries ripened in the heat. The house across the road was almost habitable. Two men in overalls sat on the roof, replacing broken slates. And the old man walked his dog.
I keep hearing that one part
American Conservatism and the American Founding (Durham, North Carolina: Carolina Academic Press, 1983), pp. 48-51. (Source: Item D-XII/4/1980, below. Incorporated in Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 508-11, and in Item B-3, above, pp. 476-79 (1983).)
But he is dry-docked in the San Fernando Valley.
"The Webberats' place."
I happen to do at least one or two workshops every year teaching balloon sculpture. I've written about one of these workshops here. It occurred to me that the lessons I've learned from teaching balloon sculpture might be applied to homeschooling, so I'm using them as part of my carnival. After all, what's a carnival without balloon animals?
Melissa
* Bowling--you can sign up for Kids Bowl Free all summer! (You still have shoe fees, but you save a lot!) If you have a participating bowling center near you, this is a good deal and family fun!
The emergence of women as both beer lovers and brewers happened as the craft beer scene grew overall by leaps and bounds, and that’s no coincidence, says Lisa Morrison, Oregon-based writer, blogger and author of “Craft Beers of the Pacific Northwest.”
All prayers 2 sisters/brothers who died 4 u
"We hold in our arms the rising generation. They come to this earth with important responsibilities and great spiritual capacities. We cannot be casual in how we prepare them. Our challenge as parents and teachers is not to create a spiritual core in their souls but rather to fan the flame of their spiritual core already aglow with the fire of their premortal faith.
While Cricket fears that Dan is in danger of becoming ditched husband-to-be number three, she’s also alarmed by her own desires. Because even though her boyfriend looms large in her mind, Ash is right in front of her....
We are blessed to have our earthy and heavenly Fathers, we should all give thanks!!
She's fine; but there was an ER trip involved. By the time she actually got there, of course, she was singing and laughing, fully determined to charm the late Thursday night ER staff entirely. By tonight, Sunday, she's gotten so much mileage out of it that I daresay she's going to punch herself in her own eye from time to time just so people will exclaim and coo over her. I look forward to many more years of visits from Child Protective Services.
Some newly-single moms think, "OMG! I can't do this alone! I'd better grab me a replacement man, pronto!" and others think, "I'm never getting married again as long as I live." Somewhere in between, the right answer probably exists. I can tell you that jumping into a new relationship right away will rob you of your chance to find the real goodies hidden in single motherhood, and that you probably won't make the best choices if you're wearing Eau de Desperation. Try just taking time to be with yourself and your kids because it can really pay off in unexpected ways.
and get the kids bathed and ready for school. As I
5 Your Love Has Died
Simple yet appetising....
As I mentioned before in my review of The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games is really one huge allusion to the Roman Empire. I have always been fascinated by Roman history, so now I will attempt to go into more detail about the startling similarities I’ve found.
First, stop nagging. In the book of Proverbs, the wisest man on earth, King Solomon, warns men about a nagging wife. Here are several Scriptures that show how draining a “contentious” woman can be:
by Daniel Wilcox
Duruflé or Tournemire?
AWA is going on this weekend, September 30th - October 2nd, 2011, at the Renaissance Atlanta Waverly Hotel and Cobb Galleria Centre in Atlanta, Georgia. This is a cultural post rather than a food post, but all of the anime fans I know love Japanese food, and snacks like Pocky.
“If a firm wants to renovate premises, we give them the go-ahead on condition that they cooperate with the heritage office’s plans, and undertake the repair and renewal of the sidewalk and specified housing units in the vicinity,” he explained.
Good Morning! I'm a little late this morning with the Friday Fancies because I was out until after 3am last night! The moral of the story here is that I'm not quite as young as I used to be. Honestly I was exhausted by the end of the movie. I think partially because it's an intense, powerful movie and also because it was 3am.
then it is still a problem.
Step 4: After a good deal of time, you will catch up to a trend. That’s kind of the point to that long, drawn-out process. Move up the levels, which will be breached when a trend is established. You are counting on that trend continuing.
The menu at The Burger Stand also offers many other neat sides like duck fat fries, beer battered rings and fried pickles. And whereas Blanc hands out miserly portions of homemade ketchup and chipotle aioli, The Burger Shack lets diners fill up their own little containers with several different sauce choices including guajillo chili, rojo ranch, Guinness whole grain mustard and chipotle cocoa ketchup, (not unlike the vanilla ketchup I enjoyed at Gram & Dun recently), all of which I enjoyed sampling.
Suzanne noticed that he had entitled the drawing ‘Lace Seduction’.
Bitrate: 128 kbps
Tell me I’m not the only Assmerican out there. Have you ever been one, know one, seen one in action? Please share…admitting the problem is the first step to change!
specification discloses an embodiment that has precisely the same structure that is found in the accused devices. . . .
"Oh," he said. You could tell that thought had not dawned on him and he was still trying to comprehend what I meant. As I walked to unlock the door I thought, OK, so he isn't smart...alright he is an idiot, but you have waited for this forever. I unlocked the door and he came in. I told him I apologized for the door being locked as he slipped his arms around my waist. He took one hand and brushed my face lightly. This was it! OMG! I am about to get my kiss! I was so excited. I prayed I wouldn't throw up.
Well I had an amazing weekend and it's going to take some time for me to scan everything in so I can show you what I managed to snag at the auction.
Even the United States as a country was built up and given the funds to do so, and the souls who received these funds and the gold and began building up the United States while promoting it as a super country and the best country in the world among so very many; these souls began keeping and hoarding all of the prosperity for themselves while sitting atop their empires that had been Created with greed and through stolen assets that were supposed to be paid back to the countries and souls giving such assets.
Japan Visions of China UK
As we try to fathom our contemporary situation we see everything that once gave us our bearings is being broken down. Our natural society made up of homogeneous communities is being de-constructed for the creation of a pre-meditated artificial society. The task for us writers is to try explain what is happening and not just to react to events but articulate what we need for our rebirth from the ashes of our old traditions. There are two main aspects: A spiritual defence and a practical defence. This is about the spiritual defence my next article will deal with the practical defence.
"You mean it might change?"
40g Cocoa Powder (I used Valrhona)
I put my hand on his shoulder, it was soft, dry and bony
Shag scurried around and began to sniff the greyhounds bum.
Most people watch talk shows on TV and wonder where they got the crazy people who argue and make fools of themselves for entertainment. As it turns out we were those crazy people.
Douthwaite, R (1996). Short Circuit: Strengthening Local Economics for Security in an Unstable World. Green Books, Dartington, UK.
chipboard albums and accents, acrylic albums, and multi-layered laser
P.S. I seriously think you are liable for Daniel Sloss’s agent losing her sense of humour and invoicing us for 900 quid. I told you in confidence that I overheard someone saying that he didn’t have pubes yet, there was no need to go and blog it.
if each day,
I think everyday language, however, is often more obscure than the difficult to parse language I use here. My poetry is dense, but in a different way: one that involves expressionistic juxtaposition and odd imagery. I suppose using convoluted syntax, and somewhat arcane, technical language is a bad habit I picked up from continental philosophy, but in also, in a perverse way, ensures that when people understand me, they actually understand me. What is frustrating though is that the assumption of understanding can’t be made most of the time.
2) Organize my desk at home, which has reached epic status...and not in a good way! My closet as well!
Me (only half-joking): What would be awesome is if you were in a good mood for the entire day.
In 1980, just as this drama was settling down in Britain, due to the fact that Harold Pinter and Lady Antonia married. I began working for Lady Rachel Billington as a nanny for her four children. Lady Rachel and her husband Kevin lived in Holland Park, it was a 20 minute walk to Lady Antonia’s home. Rachel and Antonia were part of the Packenham family, Lord Longford was their father. Even though I was only nineteen and didn’t know much about life in those days, I was aware that Antonia was the sibling that everyone paid attention to. She was considered more grand than the other six. An accomplished historian married to a legendary playwright.
Cleary is a very interesting cat who, at age 17, made a sojourn through New Orleans just before beginning University in his native England. But he never left and has spent his career learning from and playing the music of some of the best musicians the Big Easy has produced. For this show he displayed his complete grasp of their styles, delving several times into the likes of Allen Toussaint, Earl King and Jellyroll Morton.
10. I change my mind about 15 million times. I can never make decisions and stick to them. Evidence found throughout this blog, if you pay attention.
Michael Mooney
“Beware of allowing yourself to think that the shallow concerns of life are not ordained of God; they are as much of God as the profound. It is not your devotion to God that makes you refuse to be shallow, but your wish to impress other people with the fact that you are not shallow, which is a sure sign that you are a spiritual prig. Be careful of the production of contempt in yourself, it always comes along this line, and causes you to go about as a walking rebuke to other people because they are more shallow than you are. Beware of posing as a profound person; God became a Baby.
The police ‘one-offs’
1 unprepared
Happy Halloween! Hope all the ghouls and goblins have fun today collecting their goodies! CANDY CANDY CANDY! :)
That evening I dined with friends. It was a light hearted evening. Much merriment, laughing and pleasant conversation was had by all. I was in the company of good friends I knew for a length of time. We all cared for each other and it was evident in our moods and deliberations.
But Rosdolsky shows that Marxists too can be subject to social pressure. As Himka himself points out, Rosdolsky’s conclusions, in the 1948 work, are almost the direct opposite of the conclusions he arrived at in his thesis of the 1920’s. In the 1920’s, he had concluded that Marx and Engels’ position was entirely vindicated by the historical materialist method. Yet, in 1948, he concludes that they had been wrong. He argues that their position was based on a too optimistic view of the potential for socialist revolution in 1848, a view which led them to ignore the class elements of the struggles of the peasants in these countries in order to retain the support of those forces – including sections of the European nobility – with which the working class was in alliance in 1848. But it seems to me that this is to turn Marx and Engels into “idiot imperialists” as a mirror image of today’s idiot anti-imperialists.
The most notorious of RAND’s writers and theorists were the nuclear war strategists, all of whom were often quoted in newspapers and some of whom were caricatured in Stanley Kubrick’s 1964 film Dr. Strangelove, Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb. (One of them, Herman Kahn, demanded royalties from Kubrick, to which Kubrick responded, “That’s not the way it works Herman.”) RAND’S group of nuclear war strategists was dominated by Bernard Brodie, one of the earliest analysts of nuclear deterrence and author of Strategy in the Missile Age (1959); Thomas Schelling, a pioneer in the study of strategic bargaining, Nobel Laureate in economics, and author of The Strategy of Conflict (1960); James Schlesinger, Secretary of Defense from 1973 to 1975, who was fired by President Ford for insubordination; Kahn, author of On Thermonuclear War (1960); and last but not least, Albert Wohlstetter, easily the best known of all RAND researchers.
Dayv Matt – Or is it Davy Matt? Anyway, I recently came across this guy’s photos on tumblr. I must say I’m a big fan. I love looking at other people’s photos, and especially street phottography. As soon as I find a new photographer I like, I find myself copying them.
I hope to take each day fully aware, not to sleepwalk through my life , missing opportunities to brighten another person’s day in some small way. To perhaps lighten their load , as others have done for me . To be full aware of the human condition in all its frailty.
Two days before the start of her junior year, seventeen-year-old Janelle Tenner is hit by a pickup truck and killed—as in blinding light, scenes of her life flashing before her, and then nothing. Except the next thing she knows, she’s opening her eyes to find Ben Michaels, a loner from her high school whom Janelle has never talked to, leaning over her. And even though it isn’t possible, she knows—with every fiber of her being—that
Every year my mom sends Canadian T-shirts for the kids, which they proudly wear. The kids already laid theirs all out ready to adorn them tomorrow morning!
The thing is, I've figured out that it isn't a lack of discipline. It is a rather lamentable inability to prioritize my personal creative work, combined with no small talent in the area of procrastination. I have trouble seeing my creative endeavors as more important than everything else, when they very probably ARE. This problem extends to my artwork, too, perhaps even more so than my writing. I have trouble telling myself that it's OKAY to leave those papers in a massive toppling pile, it's okay to vacuum tomorrow instead of right now, it's okay to consider lessening my other responsibilities so I can address my need to make stuff. We live in a society that encourages us to believe the very opposite, in fact, and it's difficult to withstand that pressure. It's difficult to compete with that inner voice saying that my paying job is where I need to devote my time and energy, that I should spend more time with my family, that I should address those commitments I've already made to other people before tackling my own projects--because those are all compelling arguments and it's hard to say they're wrong.
3:30pm – 4:30pm
At left their parents primly sit, and
After that, everything was a piece of cake. Every time I popped over to see how she was doing, I'd see a new kitten. I seriously started to worry about finding homes for all of them, but I decided I'd keep one. Two others found a home as soon as I published the picture above on Facebook, so I only need to find a home for one... AND it was only hours after they were born. I'M SO HAPPY!!!
A few months ago, in my journey of self discovery as a cancer survivor, I joined an online community hosted by the National Children’s Cancer Society (NCCS). To find some inspiration for my next eagerly awaited post, I went to read some of the blog entries that a few members post periodically. I thought It would lead me to do a story on NCCS being a good resource for anyone affected by children’s cancer, but then a couple of blog posts caught my eye.
Another thing that gets my geek out about this set is that it features a track that wasn't recorded until the following year, with a completely new lineup, "Two Is Enough" (which also happens to be near the top of my "Favorite Seam Songs" listing, not that I actually have one compiled but...). They have it pretty well sorted out here, gun to my head I probably would be able to tell it wasn't the same players as on the recorded version (the bass (again!) gives it away), nevertheless it's wonderful.
After being up to my eyeballs in work for the past few weeks, I’ve barely had time to sit down and think about writing. Though I always knew there was one specific person I had to talk about eventually.
8.Fry in between to avoid sticking to bottom.
Maya had a great time at her "vacation home," aka my sister Laura's house, in Iowa over the weekend. She helped bake a cake, saw deer when delivering the cake to Laura's friend, spent time in the hot tub, attended my sister Michele's grandmother-in-law's 99th birthday party, went to see The Three Stooges, and talked Grandma into buying her a Cinderella watch, swimsuit, and water guns. Way better than a weekend spent at home, no doubt.
“It was here, in Afghanistan, where Osama bin Laden established a safe haven for his terrorist organization. It was here, in Afghanistan, where al Qaeda brought new recruits, trained them, and plotted acts of terror. It was here, from within these borders, that al Qaeda launched the attacks that killed nearly 3,000 innocent men, women and children,” the president said.
We are more than conquerors-over sin, Satan, the world, heartaches, and trials. We can cheerfully face these things as we know God has a plan for our lives and He will perform it in Christ Jesus. Not only will we overcome, we will be there better for what we endure-we will glory in our journey with our Lord. It is His path we follow an as we walk with Him, our faith, and joy, will be increased by what we endure. We are conquerors, victorious by the blood of the Lamb, and the word of our testimony owing all to our Redeemer who has laid out His plan for our life.
As always, let me know if you have any questions. I'm happy to answer them for ya!
So what else in politics is new…
I don’t dance anymore. I sit on my thrown of fake leather with two seats. One empty. One occupied. By my royal ass of sloth.
Within hours after a smoking Nissan Pathfinder was discovered in Times Square on May 1, 2010, Linda Walsh, FBI special agent assigned to the New York Joint Terrorism Task Force, was hot on the trail of the perpetrator.
Kim Izzo's debut novel is one I've been looking forward to for a while. The idea of the story sounded great, and I really liked the cover when it was debuted online. In real life, it's far pinker and prettier, and certainly looks like a book I would really enjoy. I've read a few Jane Austen novels, and really enjoyed them, and have also read a few modern retellings of the stories, so I was curious to see where this would fit into those sort of novels, and if you actually had to like Austen to read this book at all! As it turned out, you don't need to have read an Austen novel to keep up with this, and I'd go so far as to say you don't even have to like Austen that much to read and even enjoy this. Sadly, it didn't really work well for me, and although I enjoyed parts of it.
No one likes to be proved wrong. Especially in public. For some time yet, certain people will be busy flogging the dead horse of Neanderthal introgression. Will they find anything? Undoubtedly. Anything to do with intelligence or artistic creativity? Probably not.
Off to find a Sonic next~ gotta have a water break on this 105+ day!!!!
Haunted...
2. That I had the wonderful opportunity to spend time with fellow Canadian Scrapbooker teammates - Cathie, Christy, Jackie and Karen - as well as ScrapFest's awesome ladies: Lisa, Sandra and Lorna. I also got to connect with old friends and meet several new ones (You know who you are!!). So thankful to CS for these opportunities that I've been given.
Now that I've lived on a farm for 15 years, I start to go a little stir crazy if I don't get outside every couple of hours. What's nice is that no matter what the weather, there's always some good reason to leave the kitchen or computer and head out into the fresh air, even if it's only for five minutes to empty the kitchen compost container, feed some scraps to the chickens, or just hug a sheep.
Arise, it calls.
was started as a food event by Nicole from For the Love of Food. It’s whole purpose was, and has been, to create a community of bloggers who test each others’ recipes and share links. It has also been to help new and not so well known bloggers get their foot in the door of the foodie community.
-H M Revenue & Customs VAT disputes
Of course, the sand filled up everything else. He asked once more if the jar was full. The students responded with a unanimous “yes.”
It was brown wicker with the metal part black. I did not like the black with the brown, so of course I painted it oil rubbed bronze. I don't have a clue how I am going to use this, or where I am going to place it. For now it is sitting against my kitchen wall.
The menu is short and sweet. Disappointingly, we arrive to discover they have run out of fish. It is 7pm on a Friday night and the place is deserted but for a lone diner. Iraqis must eat at 5.30pm.
I really like how the mirror reflects the stairway:)
I found that perhaps for me the most moving part of this session came now, when Victoria Glendinning opened it up to two or three questions from the floor. A white-haired woman across the room said that she had been in Theresienstadt and that she didn't recognize this description of people's knowledge about Auschwitz. Some people certainly knew: if a postcard arrived from a relative in a concentration camp and they had marked it with a cross, it meant that there were gas chambers there. But then, she said, in a statement that for me summed up everything, such things operate according to denial mechanisms.
One thing I like about the way God speaks is the way He uses our everyday circumstances. I remember beginning the adoption process for Yan and I was amazed at how He used each stage to teach me a new truth about Him. I find myself reminded of these truths as I begin again.
just finished a scrapbook layout...
Aches and pains
“It’s not enough to pay the bills on its own,” Byrne says. “But hopefully with volume it will get there.”
This paragraph continued to speak about how Sheena mocked the protestors by asking them to pray for the DJ to keep twirling and that lots of cute guys would be on the floor. The point that this part made reminded me of Abby Johnson’s story of the abortion clinic. What reached her—protestors rightly protesting against abortions, claiming it’s murder? Or was it the silent prayer warriors standing outside the clinic of Planned Parenthood every day? In each situation, prayer wins. However, because of the agenda of the gay movement, it is important not to tolerate what’s forced on our children or on our churches. It is important to fight, but Christopher’s point is well-taken. We should also pray and love. They are just as lost as we once were among the fragments of their sins. The fact that gay’s treated HIV as a badge of honor was also horrifying to read.
He is a recipient of the Bronx Recognizes Its Own (BRIO) Award, and he has written for TheAtlantic.com, The New York Post, DoubleTake magazine, The New York Sun, New York Magazine, and is the editor-at-large of the financial journal ai5000, where he writes about economics, financial innovation and technology.
I think he’s going out on a limb investing in this new start-up. It’s a bit risky.
Jon also confronts the myth's of why people don't strive to live out their dream job or even try. The one that spoke to me was the myth, "We are too busy to pursue our dreams."
While the notice singles out agents, it is apparent that attorneys can be caught up in this as well(i.e., an attorney from CA filing an assignment for a NY client).
There are – as most technicians will recognise – some highly illegal, devious, and downright misleading elements in this package. But it wouldn’t be the first time that desperate EU, banking and national authorities had done such a thing in the last fifteen months. Perhaps it will be impossible for Schauble and friends to push it through. Perhaps the Bankfurt mole’s view will prevail.
Or tell you that I’ve missed you though we’ve never met
We quote that verse from Romans 8:31. Just a few sentences before that, God informs each believer that the Holy Spirit makes intercession for us with groanings, which cannot be uttered by human voice or mind. How helpless we are in our own right and when are we ever going to wake up to that fact?
My aim is to help prevent someone from creating such a false dualism in their own life.
Without the hint of derision or judgment
alas, my nose remembers.
If the scheme is the same as it is with chickens, and I imagine this applies to all birds, she first makes the nest, but doesn't sit on the eggs until she has laid as many as she considers make up a decent family, so we should see one extra egg a day until she decides to sit. This is obviously so that all the eggs hatch at more or less the same time.
Other than that a few people other complimented me on this piece as well so definitely happy about the outcome.
Indeed, King James is the biggest flaw in Heat’s biggest stage this year.
14.Ukiah, California Common Tree Symptoms
Thousands of Canada’s most passionate collectors descended upon the Toronto International Centre last weekend to take part in the 2012 Toronto Spring Expo and, more specifically, the show-stopping Panini America wrapper-redemption program.
Soft Paper warning: If you have a very soft or fibrous paper, when you try to pull up the extra tone it may pull up some of your surrounding colored areas. This might be more pronounced if you are coloring with colored pencils and especially chalks. This is not as big a problem with marker, which permeates the paper better.
UPDATE : They found a third person and went off to buy a ticket. Euro millions has gone up to £2 apparently. They returned to the office looking for a fourth mug. I got asked again. "Are you sure, you'll be sorry on Monday when we're all millionaires" I resorted to a profanity. I'm not proud of that. It wasn't even an original piece of work. I'd got it from the Malcolm Tucker character in the sitcom "The Thick of It". Suffice to say they won't be asking me again if the price goes up to £2.50 in the next half hour.
Maybe my reading comprehension needs work, but I thought it was a safe assumption that these classes would be geared toward beginners who are looking to be eased into the intimidating worlds of wine and barbecue.
I recently finished taking a little photography class at the local high school. It was a blast. I made some neat friends and learned lots of neat things about photography and my camera. I have always had an interest in photography but it wasn't until Brad bought me a nice camera that my interest really peaked.
We live in a realm where like attracts like. Disempowered people will seek out others just like them, so they can continue the blame game and feel good about themselves. Empowered people will do the same, find others who are empowered and seek out solutions for the greater good.
Tamani looked at her gravely, and reached up to tuck her hair behind her ear.
Goodness, it's been SUPER bright out lately. Great for holo manis of course so I hope you guys enjoyed these. Spectraflair can pretty much make any base color look holo-rific! Also, since I am getting extremely close to that 300 follower mark, I'm thinking about including this in a future giveaway too. But, I shall figure that all out later! Till then, I hope everyone has been having a wonderful day. Love you all! XOXO
Which, in college, I and my beaux had a lot of. I remember many long, lovely afternoons devoted to….not attending class!
She saw the water-lily bloom,
“I see.” Father seems disinterested again. “We will send someone to fetch you in a weeks time, by then your supplies should be running low.”
Grease 1 1/2 qt baking dish and drop in eggs. Beat well. add brown sugar, baking powder, vanilla, spices and salt. whisk in melted butter and milk. stir in oats and mix really well. refrigerate over night. Bake, uncovered @ 350 for 35-45 mins. Serve hot with warm milk poured over.
As a daughter-in-law, I love my in-laws.
Some publishers are on a very predictable schedule of releases, making this blog post fairly easy to compose. For example, the fine folks at Del Rey/Spectra publish quite a few books per month, in mass market paperback, trade paperback and hardcover. Most often, they send their books about a month prior to the actual publication date.
door to the squat
Now, about Manic Monday. I know a lot of you loved the Manic Monday Freebie. I am going to be trying to work that back into the blog! Since the lock out and hack, I have replaced computers, moved, gotten a full time job, and yes, HI SPEED INTERNET (after 5 long years of waiting!) So I just may have a bit more time to get you all some great freebies. Please please be patient with me a little longer while I revamp and get into second gear! Also, drop me a comment to let me know what you all would like to see in the way of stamps for Manic Monday. I love to hear all of your great ideas for stamps!
*By entering, you give us permission to feature your projects.
Caden has spent a thousand years searching for his wife. Now he has
Élie Ducommun died at the age of seventy-three of a disease of the heart and lungs.
The large pink doilies are embossed with Tim Holtz Tattered Rose Distress embossing powder - it gives a very rough feel to the image, not sure if I like this yet! However, it is a lovely colour!
Grid: IN THE NEWS
Dr Pell said the research highlighted the positive health benefits which can stem from tobacco control legislation.
1 cup carrier oil
And passionate moments priming her walls
Knowing every victory
We continue to see individuals fearful of owning equities due to an aversion to potential losses. This negativity is a real positive for owners of companies (that’s you if you hold stocks) over the long haul. The average individual investor is terrified of the market.
Parking-location: about 23 meters left from the Gloria, in the parking-house Meixner at the Apostelnstrasse 1-3.
After my snack, I headed out to the excitement of the finish line, after about 20 minutes of standing at the finish watching some very tired people run to the finish line I spotted Kyle, running in to the finish. I yelled very loudly, but I don't think he heard me over the noise of all the cowbells (seriously, there were a LOT of cowbells at this thing).
Musi would not say whether the payment, which equates to three months’ pensionable salary, will be performance-related.
The end of a conversation about workplace and playground politics...
I volunteered for the second time for a Girls on the Run 5k event. You may or may not recall, I was a running buddy a year ago, and it was such a great experience that I wanted to do it again. (They have a spring 5k too, but I had a friend getting married in NC that day....plus, I was BARELY running at that point. Stupid tibia.) Plus, my registration was free as a thanks for being a solemate (fundraiser) for the AF marathon. Can't beat that!
"Hippo Books" series (#8). Also 1968, 1971 editions.
#4 1981 Tony Tolson EP Austin 400 Meter Dash 46.74
I did a quick search and found no wedding dress design called Camp Fire. I will have to dig deeper. The vesty looking satin part drapes beautifully and has great lines.
A quick review of the latest books I’ve read in some series I follow. I am in the middle of all these series, so it’s difficult to review a later adventure without spoiling for those who are not familiar with the series. So here’s quick rating system and recommendation:
They told the police, and they told me. I made it public.
I feel a bit bad about using the tray because it's an unfinished gift, but there we are. (I painted it using the gesso background technique. I'm going to do an image transfer on to it. Probably of a nude!)
The hurricane of 1919 practically wiped out Port Aransas except for a very few fortunate buildings. The docks, wharf and warehouses were now on the mainland, and the whole of the island was flooded and infested with rattlesnakes seeking some kind of high ground. The rebuilding would be hard and long, as most towns in the region were bestowed the same fate, materials would become increasing hard to find and transport as well, so many would not return.
speakers and 1 million monthly
will be soo much fun and i am looking forward to it!
Fierce of course, is not the only Cologne for Men in the Abercrombie http://www.abercrombiefitchukoutlet.co.uk/ range although it is certainly the most popular. New to the collection in 2009 was ‘Colden’. Abercrombie & Fitch describe Colden as being “rugged to the core – invigorating ginger, Italian bergamot, and white pepper awake and refresh. Cashmere musk and amber deliver a signature masculine confidence that can not be matched”. There’s also Abercrombie 41 Cologne which is described as “Fresh and bold, it washes over the senses and evolves into a rich masculine scent that’s undeniably sexy. To finish it off, the sensual woods give it a refreshing rush of energy that pulls through and wins the game every time”.
Mr. GI drilled out the holes for the twine, then pre-drilled two holes where the straight line met the circle. That way we'd have a starting place and guide for the jig saw. Of course, if you're using a circle cutter there's no need for this step.
When all of a sudden he noticed below
We don’t know yet if Rachel and the Bird will have a rematch at Belmont in 3 weeks. The last filly to win that one was Rags to Riches in 2007.
The sad truth is that this particular fundraises encapsulates everything that is wrong with the ADA. This extremely powerful organization, which dominates the discussion of diabetes and provides the treatment guidelines most family doctors follow, has a long, ugly history of working against the interests of people with diabetes.
The Fugazi anti-rape track “Suggestion” is written from the perspective of a female, speaking out against sexual harassment and assault. At Fugazi show in 1991 at Washington, DC community hall, they asked Fire Party’s Amy Pickering to perform the visceral track to make the socially conscious track intensely more personal.
11am – Beach cocktails commence
This line of candles are called Naturelle ~ Essence inspired by the highly fragrant scents with a spicy flair, a softer side, a mood enhancing inspiration of fragrance. Its just one of those candles that you just don`t want to blow out.
God has set me apart; He has placed His mark of ownership upon me, and has given me the Holy Spirit in my heart as the guarantee of all that He has in store for me in Christ Jesus! Amen!
ME: You recently took a trip to Nepal, did you find it hard to convince the natives to listen to Cher?
I'm still plowing along, so don't give up if you are plowing with me. I crash and then I put myself back together again and press on. I'm sure glad I love salad or I'd be hooped.
Dr. Vaneeta Bamba, director of the Diagnostic and Research Growth Center at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, said that the 1997 study had “somewhat reshaped” endocrinologists’ thinking about the onset of puberty, but that most would still urge a thorough medical evaluation for any girl under 8 who was showing significant breast development or other signs of puberty. She said she doubted that the new study would change medical practice.
derek was there when the sadness first started.
Tampa Bay Rays - Tim
On August 16, 2000, the law firm of Hartman & Craven filed comments on the neotame docket pertaining to the lack of safety data submitted in support of neotameiv, stating in part:
Through the disobedience of one man “Adam” mankind lost the glory of God, similarly through the obedience of one man “Jesus” we can be transformed to His glory and enter into thekingdomofGodfor eternity.
Of course they were following orders. Just as Peter Hain was, just as 24 of his other mates were when 25 of the 26 Labour
Heartland has identified Forecast the Facts as “a front group created by the same individuals responsible for politicizing the science and polarizing the debate over climate change”, noting further that the group “has no scientists on staff, no history of participating in the climate change debate, and no credibility.”
2. I'm a pastor's wife. TheBand and I lead a congregation called Urban Liberty. It is AWESOME! Seriously. You would love it. Don't roll your eyes at me, young lady, you would!!! Don't panic, I'm not about to wallop you with my bible (it's an iphone app and we don't want to be destroying the beloved iphone) but I am Christian and unapologetically so. And you can't help but love me anyway... can you!?
or dip from them.
My struggles have proved for me to have remained strong and powerful…. practical and spiritual….I am indeed a gift and choose to make God proud!
This was most often done by employing a familiar and comforting narrative trope that soothed the sensibilities of England’s middle classes and protected the bastion of Victorian femininity. The explanation was a simple and concise story, familiar to many of us even today – a tale of seduction, corruption, and misery. Examples of this could be found in fiction – such as Dickens’s tragic wretch Nancy – as well as in real life examples, such as that of London prostitute Lucy Brent:
This is a rare, specifically non-fiction post. Except it isn't really, as the boundary between fiction and non-fiction is very - shall we say - blurred; imprecise.
"No, not often. Once a month. But you must write to me as often as you feel the need to. Perhaps you will be less lonely than you fear. There are other young people studying with Otake-san. And when you have doubts, ideas, questions, you will find Otake-san a valuable person to discuss them with. He will listen with interest, but will not burden you with advice." The General smiled. "Although I think you may find one of my friend's habits of speech a little disconcerting at times. He speaks of everything in terms of Go. All of life, for him, is a simplified paradigm of Go".
Sent c/o Texas Rangers
To be told there's no need to write back is comforting, as long as I can believe it's sincere. Given I have only one typing hand, some friends can have no idea what they are asking of me if they expect full answers - much as I would like to give them.
Life with no PS3/Blue ray Player is like . . . Is like . . .
You’d think they’d catch on by this point, but no, they’re just getting started.
(contains The Jack of Spades and The Decorator)
by Jesse Scully
In addition to the printable kits, she also carries individual documents. All printables are in PDF file format so once your order is finalized, you can print the digital files as many times as you like for your own personal use. Becky can create a document just for you - she loves special orders, so if you have something in mind but don't see it, just ask!
But no matter, I finished a strong 18 miles and then I did take a shower and clean up before heading back to work. I also ate my second breakfast. I had an English muffin with almond butter before the run and a Starbucks spinach, egg, and feta wrap, plus grapefruit wedges, after.
At Mile 12 I saw Cindi/Chris again – we hadn’t planned out exactly were but they were going to try and see me along this route. I knew that the lake was ahead and really no spots to meet up. I told them to wait after the lake. Cindi said “but that’s like mile 17 and 5 miles away, are you sure?”. I told her I was and would need her then and in the 20’s so just find a spot.
Einar Örn Benediktsson sings:
Boys: W… What’s that? Hey let’s go!
Maybe that is a question for rover.
An English TV gardener has been feeding his plants Viagra to stiffen up their stalks. Doesn’t he know that plants don’t have sex by poking their stalks in places? Even if they did, they wouldn’t want some meddling botanist playing the pander by feeding them chemical stimulants. Nature is not a giant whorehouse for humans to pimp around in with their pills and potions.
Tomato, 1 pc, cut into four
Juice of 1 large lemon
Excerpt: (links removed)
ZP: Yeah, and were able to do some of that with Entanglements, but I usually find the things that are the surprising things the most awarding and there weren’t near enough of those with Entanglements because it’s just impractical to just play around with things the same way it is with something a little bit smaller.
For this card, I used Stampin’ Up’s Plane and Simple stamp set. After stamping the plane, compass and goggles with black ink, I added a bit of colour with my shiny paints, using the white for the goggle lenses and over the compass to give it a bit of sheen and the silvery grey paint for around the lenses. I also used a brown cream chalk to brush over the plane and goggle straps. I have some old wallpaper books, one of which has some great map prints which I used, here. You can also buy designer paper with a similar look. At Walmart, I found an inexpensive bag of assorted buttons, three of which I thought would add a finishing touch to the inside of this card. Again, I used my Printmaster Gold program for the scrolls.
Anyone have a brother/cousin who lives in the TX/LA area who is unmarried?
After the initial setup, however, the process became simpler.
Aromatic?... Certainly.
“We have to make sure we love each other more than we love…holding grudges…”
Ch 1
NON-FICTION (for review):
I think the reason for a lot of the arguments regarding social vs. biological is comfort and laziness. There is inequality in this world, and it’s just easier and takes less effort to just say “It’s obvious why things are the way they are, WE’RE BORN DIFFERENT!” I think a lot of these biological arguments also stem from the social conditioning aspect. For example, women are thought to understand emotions better than men simply because they’re more compassionate and empathetic. After all, in public policy polling, women are usually more anti-war, empathize with the plight of the poor more, and incidentally also vote more Democratic. So it must be our biological differences, right?
"Why of course," comes the reply.
With haughty distain.
My little Seaside Garden (wishful thinking at it's best!)
Furious Teabag
First, there are not two Hebrew roots קנה meaning separately “to possess” and “to create.” There is one root meaning “to possess” and in procreative contexts, “to beget.” Neither article cited supports the notion of two roots, and the second actually points out that an earlier author contemplated the possibility but dismissed it because there was no evidence. I know of no lexicon that indicates two roots for this verb. HALOT doesn’t do it. BDB doesn’t do it. TDOT doesn’t do it. I don’t think Clines does it. Gesenius doesn’t do it. Halayqa’s Comparative Lexicon of Ugaritic and Canaanite doesn’t do it. Nor does Ugaritic confirm that it is another root. Ugaritic actually confirms the opposite, that there is simply a procreative nuance to the verb. The Del Olmo Lete and Sanmartín Ugaritic dictionary lists three senses for the single root qny:
The incident came to light when Jaya was found begging at the Kollegal government hospital, near her village, by a local journalist. Now, seven months into her pregnancy Jaya had spent almost a month staying in the hospital compound, since she was banished from her village by the panchayat. When the matter was highlighted by the local media, the hospital authorities swung into action and admitted her as an in-patient; after nearly ignoring her for a month.
I don't want to come across as the Grinch That Stole Easter or anything, but why in God's name does the chocolate-fest have to happen two weeks after I have committed to a wife-imposed diet and exercise regime?
Comment #994 - Damla (confirmed)
It seems like over the last 10 years, I have gone after the newness and when that is gone, I move on or create conflict so that the other person will do the moving on and I don’t have to take the blame.
The wind was high and the clouds were dark,
Some, have spent years imprisoned for their faith … beaten … and suffering on a daily basis by those who hate them simply because of their God, and still, have witnessed to thousands of people in spite of their captivity.
Eugene Terre'Blanche, the once-feared white supremacist leader in apartheid South Africa, is back. He is more subdued and circumspect than in his heyday in the 1980s, but his message has not, fundamentally, changed.
“Though the arrest is a vindication of our earlier allegation of the predatory clean-up of the state’s patrimony for four years by the Alao-Akala government, the present government does not want to gloat over the fate of the former governor. We only enjoin both the EFCC and the judiciary to allow justice to be done,” the statement said.
Too many breaks and dusty miles for far too little pay
7-What is your most treasured possession?
I am now catching my breath!
Pure is set in the pre-revolutionary Paris of 1785, a city where discontent is whispered rather than shouted from the rooftops. Into the city comes a young, 'but not very young' engineer by the name of Jean-Baptiste Baratte. Summoned to the court of Versailles he has been charged with the onerous task of clearing the centuries old cemetery of Les Innocents in the district of Les Halles and destroy the church that adjoins it. The cemetery and its environs are choked with the smell of decay, something that seems to pervade the very breath of those that live around it. The symbolism is clear. The past needs to be cleared away for Paris to make a fresh start; you can't destroy history and even burying it only lasts so long before it contaminates the present. Hundreds of years of dead bodies must be removed and interred elsewhere, the ground made fresh again for new seeds to take root.
Page # Stamp Set
Generally, this film is a super fun ride down the parody lane of ’21 Jump Street’, when two guys who were anything but friends in high school, are reunited by the same dream: to be a cop and to be really good at it.
Darren Stevenson, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Deploying Biometric Imaging on the In-Store Customer: A Slippery Slope towards Corporate Orwellianism
Opponents fear the plan could create a modern-day equivalent of the European emperor envisaged by Napoleon Bonaparte or a return to the Holy Roman Empire of Charlemagne that dominated Europe in the Dark Ages.
Got green pond water and don’t know how to make it clear again? Read this important information.
Finally, there is a theatrical trailer.
I hate being left out of a joke more than I hate being the joke.
18. How do you run this company? RB – “I’ve had to create companies that I believe in 100%. These are companies I feel will make a genuine difference. Then I have to be willing to find the time myself to talk about them, promote them and market them. I don’t want to spend my life doing something that I’m not proud of.”
Which Way you Goin Billy....Poppy Family
So, since I wasn’t able to publish my Cosmic Synchronicity? on Monday as planned, you might be wondering just how I did end up spending the day. Well I did what I always do in situations like that – I attempt to clear out some of the backlog on my DVR!
Tra tutte le partecipanti al Challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema Random che riceverá in regalo questo distressing tool di We're Memory Keepers "Heart Attack".
You can substitute vanilla sugar for sugar in any recipe in which you want to enhance the vanilla flavor. Stir it into your coffee, or sprinkle it on top of milk brushed scones or other breads before baking.
But they are different, in Amanda’s eyes, increasingly so as of late. Artists are above the basic rules of taste, tact and decorum, so long as the artist feels they are being expressive and bold. Amanda’s ranting on why she wasn’t afraid to take money from people, simply for being, well, Amanda Fucking Palmer, was tweeted, with Amanda enthusiastically pushing for retweets. Amanda wanted the whole world to pat her on the back for her ‘original’ and ‘genius’ notions… which many punk indie artists have been employing for years before her.
All you have to do to get there is survive. Your inner reasons for surviving don't have to be pure. Revenge is a perfectly good reason. In fact it's a great reason. So is hatred. And anger. My reason, back then, was that I wanted to live long enough to see my parents get old and die, which is certainly less than noble or pure.
Nobody would affirm that the tree grows its crown in the image of its root. Between above and below can be no mirrored reflection. It is obvious that different functions expanding in different elements must produce vital divergences.
So I must use whatever means are available to me when I hike the Inca Trail next week. Here are the secrets I’ve learned:
I have been trained at the Devachansalon in New York City. This salon is owned by Lorainne Massey who wrote the curly girl handbook and is considered the best in the industry for curly hair. Stylist from all over the world come to her salon for training. Including this Midwestern girl.
Cricut Carts Used: Wedding & Create a Critter
I started the day opening presents in bed. Tom bought me a lovely robe (because I plan to spend most of this year in my pyjamas!)
-Yahoo! News
Publisher: Tbnet house ltd
Total Lunar Eclipse 15 June 2011
The only thing I had to worry about, other than the rehearsal dinner, was getting my six guys to the wedding on time and appropriately dressed. One would think that, with a group like this, that would be an easy task.
Great photos are half the battle. Shoppers on line can't pick up your work, turn it over in their hands and see it from all angles, so your photos have to do this for them. Take photos in natural light (but not direct sun) if possible, or on a windowsill if your item is small enough. Photograph your item from all angles. Be aware of the background - is it setting off your item to best effect?
When most people think of ticks, they shudder, as if a cloud passed over the sun or they just passed through a cobweb. After they think of them, they get that itchy creepy-crawly feeling that doesn’t seem to go away. Don’t worry, even I get that sometimes.
although sarah is the hero for the day, it is kristen's light that shines so bright.
so i've debated with myself. do i turn the piece of paper in, edited? i know (having worked in education) that these are often forms used year after year. do i ignore it? see, it's hard to ignore such stuff, when it's done professionally. it is expected that businesses, no matter what kind, adhere to certain expectations. proper grammar (and spelling) are included in such expectations.
Exped stuff sac (attached to the top of the rear rack)
I was doing a bit of spring cleaning in my craft room and I came across some little white fake flowers. They were leftover from the cheery little spring wreath I made for my front door back in February.
I'm so grateful that I had this assignment.
“As one of the most significant pop culture events of our time, the Royal Wedding has sparked a level of intrigue in almost all of us,” QVC host Jane Treacy said in a canned statement. “We are thrilled to not only help our customers to celebrate this exciting event but to also give them the opportunity to own a piece of history.”
So many of us just cling to the standard 4-1/4" by 5-1/2" creations. But, thanks to the folks at Spellbinders, you don't have to get stuck in a rectangle rut! Spellbinders Grand Nestabilities Dies and the Grand Calibur machine make it so easy! Want to see?
Now, in case you read the sentence above as I painted this painting... that is definitely not the case.
I love success and hate failure so I am pumped!!
I spoke to him and my voice lasted amid the stars
Any word that has a silent letter in it and is pronounced drives me crazy as well. Almonds are Ahmonds and calm, for goodness sake, is cahm. What about height? Why do people say heighth? It’s as if they got a running start with length and width and just kept on going!
Yay! I got a Memetastic Award from Creativity to the Max! The award requires me to list 5 things about myself — only one should be true (the readers can guess which one is the truth). Then I have to pass the award to 5 people — I am passing the award to anyone who wants to join the fun of guessing game! Let the game begin!
Michael J. Elferis, 27, College Point, N.Y.
5 days ago (april 22, 2012) this occurred in Japan :
More on the Hodg’podge and everything Hodg soon.
In it, he aimed to create a communist society through collectivization and industrialization.
- 1.5 lbs zucchini, diced
Oh man, I still remember when I first read this script. It was in the same contest I read The Translation in and I had just read 40 horrible screenplays in a row. That’s the thing writers don’t get about readers, is they can read dozens and sometimes HUNDREDS of scripts until they find one that’s actually good. That’s why they’re so skeptical of your script. Cause the previous 99 were terrible! I was expecting another ho-hum teen-angst-thriller flick here, but what I got instead was an expertly crafted thrill ride.
And please no support for the fantasy port and railroad to Red Bluff. No politician dumb enough to support this will get my support.
My laundry is done and now I am off to scrap!!! Have a great weeknd, I know I will!
Beat in strawberry puree, adding a few spoonfulls at a time until desired strawberry flavor and consistency is achieved.
The Financial Times has become the first national newspaper to withdraw from the monthly online audit conducted by Audit Bureau of Circulations. The move away from the independent ABCe audit comes amid increasing scepticism and discord over the metrics currently available to advertisers and their agencies for online magazine and newspaper brands.
I couldn’t be luckier
This guy climbs up on the roof with his ladder he’s up there for a while.I told him what I saw and I knew the problem was a repair which I needed. It was isolated to two areas.
4.add finely chopped red n green pepper and spring onion...toss together well.
This is fantastic news, as KLM’s international business class offering has long been lacking in comfort and space compared to some of its European counterparts, and whilst the touches such as the Delft Houses are still great to set them apart, the hard product has needed some work for a while. It would be great if Hella is working with a design team who understand the aviation product. Whilst the design studio Jongeriuslab has produced some really cutting edge Dutch work, it’s hard to see how the work will translate into a comfortable and professional business class suite.
ABUJA, – More than 200 vehicles belonging to the Bayelsa State Government have been illegally carted away by political appointees under the immediate past administration of the State, a Bayelsa spokesperson alleged.
At first glance, it could appear that a bird’s song will do or a dog’s animated bark but not so. These will not suffice.
18 EVERY week an average 88 children are expelled from US schools for carrying a gun.
You don't remember why you came
You should definitely check with your local government to see if there are laws on the books that cover your situation and offer guidance on how to proceed.
The Call
Hurricane Hunters to survey storm tomorrow afternoon.
Soooo… *sigh*… How ya been? I’ve been good thanks for asking… but I’ve had this on mymind for a while. One question that keeps bumping around in my head…
Fake musicals are great excuses to be as silly as possible… IN RHYME, which is why Forgetting Sarah Marshall is such a great movie (although I’ve heard that the Dracula puppet musical is a real thing that Jason Segel wrote apart from the movie). It also makes sense that, although the book is not about Tiny Cooper, Tiny Cooper is the glue of the book, and the most outsized example of someone trying to find where they fit in the world, which is a theme of the whole book anyway, so his musical is the plot device that ended up making my heart swell 3 sizes that day when I read the book.
SO FUN! I actually trimmed the 'lace trim' that was part of the image off while I was paper piecing so I could add the REAL lace to the bra! I love that part! Way too fun! The tape is from Love My Tapes!
So when weekend came, I was more than happy to pack my bags and go to my uncle’s house
In order for us to continue this blog we are going to need contributors. We therefore give you the opportunity to send us your articles for publication, on the only Crown Heights Blog.
Whenever I wake up in the morning, the sound of the birds would barge into my ears and force me to get up. I couldn’t stand the sound of birds going “cheep cheep cheep” because they sang like they were in an opera. The sound of my grandmother cooking was equally annoying yet taunting. My room use to be right in front of the kitchen and I always saw what was being cooked because my door was glass or plastic, I can’t tell. The smoke fumed as she started frying some strange foods that I’ve never eaten before. It’s strange enough smelling something as delicious as fried food in the morning, but eating fried food of all things in the morning was terrible. I usually want to sleep more in the mornings, but the birds just get to me. Whenever they’re not around, there’s the sound of garbage trucks and school buses to force me up. Garbage trucks always arrived around 6:30 in the morning and would not stop beeping until twenty minutes later. My street must have a lot of trash. The school buses aren’t as annoying, but I always can tell they are there because of my grandma, whose voice is forever in my memory for she uses school buses to decide whether I have school or not today. I can’t believe she though I’d skip school.
1. This is our year.
09. Snakeface
His singing gained in bitterness and aggression as he continued the song. Unfortunately, I couldn’t really focus on his singing anymore because as he strummed away I couldn't help staring at his wrist. It had an “S”-shaped scar on it, exactly the one I carved the other night on my attacker up on Angels Flight. Shep Rogers. Shep. My blood ran cold and I had the shivers, just staring at my attacker.
Italian giallo films are renowned for their brutal violence, dazzling style and convoluted ‘whodunit’ narratives. The combination of grind-house exploitation, art house aesthetics and bizarre fetishisation of violence, render the giallo a highly distinctive and unnerving cycle of films. The giallo is exclusively Italian and was initially popularized by Dario Argento’s The Bird with the Crystal Plumage. The films began to lose their commercial appeal in the late Seventies, but recent films such as Hélène Cattet and Bruno Forzani’s Amer, Guillem Morales’ Julia’s Eyes and Federico Zampaglione’s forthcoming Tulpa, to name but a few, highlight the overwhelming influence of the giallo on a new slew of international filmmakers. These ‘neo-gialli’ have sparked a resurgence of interest in the film cycle that looks set to continue with a new short film by Berlin-based filmmaker Ryan Haysom. Yellow is currently in production and looks set to draw heavily from the gialli of yesteryear, with its story of a man and his increasing obsession with tracking down a vicious serial killer who has been sadistically murdering women across the city.
3. Get Reviews
Sold activity has been highest (67%) Under $300k
Well, I could keep going! but I think the best idea right now is to save my other great ideas for another post. I think it’s actually time to go put some of the above into practice. I can be a terrible procrastinator…ah but that also is something for another day…
Lasagna: made with whole grain pasta, lean ground turkey, ricotta, and spinach and NOT Italian sausage and 6 pounds of cheese
IT WORKS BOTH WAYS
That said, I very much like A Little Princess, which is my current casual read. I’m taking it in small bites, and will probably actually set it aside tonight and start reading Southern Daughter by Darden Asbury Pyron, about the life and work of Margaret Mitchell. Because it’s calling me. But I’ll be back for Sara Crewes, sooner rather than later, I’m sure.
From what I understand, there will be lots of running, jumping, and splashing. (one scene will be shot entirely under water!)
Place citrus, fennel and fennel fronds, 1/2 pomegranate seeds onto watercress.
In the spirit of Easter,
We've had some interesting stuff going on....okay, well not really, just a bunch of dumb stuff that took up a lot of time. Here are a few of them:
Finally, my dad grabbed me by the arm and lifted me up out of the water. I heard myself choking and gagging and spitting, before I lay still in the hot sand. This afternoon was the first time I felt that hot anger that drove me through my twenties, thirties, and forties before I gradually learned to loosen its hold. The first time I let myself feel anything but afraid.
MY OPINION: The story is bordering on silly. I couldn’t give you a single good reason Amber Heard’s character was in the film at all, except as a happy ending for the baby. I know I sure feel safer now I know NC is entrusting her to the care of an unemployed stranger who has shown a propensity to murder and get involved with strange men. And I’m not sure if all the characters are just driving around the same small town and pretending not to see each other until the next scene comes in, or whether the plot relies a little too heavily on serendipity.
Christ the Lord, on the other hand, never knew the taint of sin, and yet consider to what extent He went to fulfill the righteousness spoken of in Matthew 3:15. Not only did He keep the Old Testament Law perfectly, in every jot and tittle, not only did He endure – and overcome – every temptation known to man and devil, not only did He bear the weight of our sins on cruel Golgotha’s hill, but He also fulfilled all righteousness by: going into the wilderness, in a state of physical starvation, to be tempted by the master tempter himself; healing multitudes of sick, blind, deaf, crippled, and otherwise afflicted folks; teaching the greatest truths ever taught; and other examples too numerous to be contained in all the books in all the world. Christ fulfilled all righteousness by ever-increasing acts of righteousness and obedience, even though He could never turn from His Own sin (because He didn’t have any) as an act of righteousness.
with an organization in the US A for free.
So what if some of the less desirable people I grew up happened to go there to right? Remember those “You Could Be So Pretty” girls? How about the guy from “Used”? I had a bit of a hard time because they all went to this school. I felt like I had this huge crowd of popular kids I had to avoid because of some stupid incident that had happened a long time ago. It shouldn’t have held me back, but it did. I was incredibly shy around all of them, and was constantly afraid that I was being judged. Why that mattered, I have no idea, but back then, it seemed like a pretty big deal to me. You shouldn’t let people affect you like that. Who cares if other people judge you, you should be free to be yourself, regardless of other people’s personal opinions. It really makes sense in hindsight, but I guess that’s why we all have these crazy life lessons where you figure out the bigger picture.
-Drink 8 ounces of water
ABD's challenge was a good one: "I have a couple ideas: Your outfits are always beautifully coordinated - it's one of the things I admire most about you. But, what if you stretched your boundaries a bit and put together something that was perhaps a bit less "matchy" (and I don't mean for that to come off in a negative way because, you are a genius when it comes to this). Thing about something in your closet that you love but you weren't necessarily sure how you'd wear it. Or is there a trend that you have admired that you haven't ventured to try (I can't imagine that this would happen! But...). Try something that is a bit outside of your comfort zone!"
Charlie Chapman has assisted hundreds of clients experience greater health, strength and stamina through nutrition, weight resistance training, aerobic exercise and massage. Among his personal achievements, he holds a title as runner-up in the ’02 Blue Grass Classic Body Building Competition and as a national qualifier in the NPCC (Nutritional Physique Competition). In addition, he has trained several award winning body builder, was a 2008 nominee for Best Massage Therapist in Fort Wayne as well as 2008 nominee for Best Personal Trainer and 2010 nominee for Best Massage Therapist. For more information please visit the Professor Wellness and Fitness Center.
"What?" said the Mister.
I am one of the wanted.
Hardcover: 368 pages
La mia civetta non è certo un’opera che sarà appesa in un museo, ma per una che non ha mai fatto un disegno che valesse la pena non dico conservare, ma guardare due volte, non è troppo male.
- 2 egg white
Let’s talk a bit about you Mike. What made you want to get into the directing chair in the first place?
The reason for the timing is simple, as Tom Giles explains over on the BBC Editors blog. The key information behind the new allegations was only obtained in the last month. As for the argument the Sun appears to be making without actually setting it out, that the BBC should have delayed it until after the vote, if we ignore the risible claim that the corporation has deliberately set out to sabotage the English bid, isn't this exactly the time that such revelations should be made? It might not be exactly earth-shattering to learn that individuals within Fifa may well be corrupt, yet the very fact that those on the body which decides whom to award the tournament to have been alleged to have either taken back-handers or tried to sell tickets on the black market should cast into doubt their ability to make a decision based on the merits of the respective bids. Also of note is how the host country has to enact special legislation for the duration of the tournament, protecting the chosen sponsors, who also have to be given tax exempt status along with Fifa. Then again, seeing as Rupert Murdoch has in the past tried to avoid paying his fair share of tax in this country it's not surprising that his papers make nary a peep about such demands. The public, as the likes of the Sun would normally doubtless protest, have a right to know such details ahead of the decision being made, rather than after it.
So there you have it. Wish me luck. Send Red Bull, stat.
Finicky Tires Makes For Better Racing
I receive the following query: might I like to tape an interview with Sam Tanenhaus, the editor of the New York Times Book Review, for their weekly podcast?
I’ll also be updating you on some opportunities for training. We love to meet new friends when we’re on the road, and we will be traveling quite a bit over the next few months. AND…we’ve had some great fun during the past month. I’ll post pictures from some of our adventures and tell you what we learned.
He met that ugly girl during a work trip. When he returned home (nothing had happened yet), they started chatting online. It was very sexual. He was saying how much he wished he was with her instead of me. He was doing it while I was next door, in bed, sleeping from exhaustion for working so much. They planned to meet up a few weeks later at another work trip. And he cheated on me.
Set in San Francisco Trauma tells the story of a bunch of troubled paramedics as they rush about the city rescuing people and leaping away from explosions. In the opening scenes we meet Nancy who’s having an affair with her ambulance partner. She’s super happy. They’re both super happy. Ten guesses as to whether this relationship survives the opening credits.
i know i know - an EVEN BETTER version of myself - holy spaceballs - it's gonna be good!
This is what God wants for us His children. That we not just ‘exist’ in this life but live flourishing lives prospering in all we do!
c. Slang for Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
Caption contest?
Response Paper 2 (Race/Affect/Genre/Postmodernism) . . . 10%
I hope you will get a chance to join in the fun and play along, remember to tell us what on your card is over 6 months old.
Maharashtra’s 14 medical colleges yield 2,000 MBBS graduates every year, of whom around 700 enrol in a postgraduate course. After MBBS, a medical graduate is required to sign a bond with the government to serve in rural areas for a year. If they opt to skip this, they need to pay Rs 10 lakh. The payment was Rs 1 lakh initially, raised to Rs 5 lakh in 2004 and doubled in 2010.
The Warhammer 4000 game is based on Christian Holy Knights of the past in the future fighting "Aliens and Mutants" More info here. As you can see, obviously this imagery doe not just feature in music culture,
I know what you’re thinking, especially if you’re a female of a certain age, say between 16 and 97. You’re thinking, “What’s your @#$%!&* problem?“
The things she does to please
And I see it as an omen,
Satellite real jazz, Frank Sinatra, and Copland.
2. How long have you been stamping/ scrapbooking?
“Lum.”
I think I'm feeling better. Yay! At five days' duration, it seems like I had a lighter case of this bug than most of my friends around the country. Lucky me!
4. This is tricky. I feel basically the same as I do on Eucharist (#2 above). Jesus commanded us to baptize people, not to explain our entire theology to them, make sure they understand everything they’re signing on for, and then baptize them. Sometimes I think we make things too complicated, asking far more of people and being much more cautious with bestowing sacraments than Jesus ever was. However, I understand baptism as a once in a lifetime thing, and so I see the need for teaching people about who Jesus is and what Christianity means before making this commitment. I grew up in a Roman Catholic parish with wonderful RCIA (Rite of Christian Initiation for Adults) and Sacramental Preparation programs, which take months to prepare people for baptism (and confirmation and Eucharist) at the Easter Vigil. It really is a wonderful time; people learn a lot, deepen their faith, and strengthen their commitment to Christ. The whole community celebrates in the reception of these people, who remind us of our own call and promise. (Can you tell I miss it?) In short (ha! that was long) I’m still working out my thoughts on this issue.
For instance, some people’s possessions may include jewellery which, if they choose to wear it on a night out, may or may not be covered against loss, damage or theft depending on the particular policy arranged.
As I mentioned in a previous post, I believe our normal would be weird any where else. So the question is, when is weird, too weird for a Suntran bus driver? I found out Tuesday morning. It was a crisp 27F when I left for work. As we know I knit on the bus commute to be productive and well, to ignore the weird.
Kevin Huizenga is the best young artist in comics. It's as simple as that. With his recent Fantagraphics series Ganges (part of the Ignatz line of high-quality pamphlets) Huizenga has matured into one of comics' finest formalists. His work here, starring his everyman stand-in Glenn Ganges, is concerned with the minutiae of daily life, which is common enough in indie comics. What sets Huizenga apart is that he deals with such mundanities not only in terms of small external actions and observational details, but with a sensitivity to the complexities of the thought process, of the richness of mental processes and the insistent cycles of memory. His work is deeply introspective, constantly coming up with inventive and expressive ways of visualizing thought: the third issue of Ganges, in which the protagonist spends the better part of 20 pages simply lying in bed thinking, is the apex of this approach, as Ganges wanders through his own mind, interacting with his mental landscape and the words flowing through his head as he tries in vain to clear his mind and go to sleep. It's cerebral in the best sense, treating thought and ideas as visceral and sensory. The series' high point thus far, though, is actually its stunning second issue, which opens with a few pages of abstract permutations, an imaginary video game in which pixelated figures undergo intense transformations as they do battle. This leads into a story where Glenn's experience playing a video game causes him to free-associate to his time as an office drone during the dot-com boom, and the chain of memories unexpectedly creates poignancy and depth from something as simple as playing a shoot-em-up video game. By the end of the story, Huizenga has explored the intricacies of office culture, the economic realities of the Internet age, the sensual and communitarian pleasures of multiplayer online gaming, and the mingled nostalgia and regret implicit in this story about failure and loss. It's all lent extra impact by Huizenga's crisp style, which makes something virtually spiritual out of digital fighters careening across a computer screen.
I've run Bond/Alias style superspies using Adventure! and Bourne/Q&C style action thriller agents with uncinematic Unisystem, and played the former back in the day with Top Secret / SI.
Here, the game was based (very loosely) on Native American lore. Your main character was not Chinese monkey king named Son Goku, but a Native American named Soaring Eagle. And instead of a magically extending staff, you had a (magically extending) spear. Along with this change was an edit to some in-game assets, like changing pandas to grizzly bears and pickups to more Native cloths and headdresses. But why were these changes made? Well, adaptations of Journey to the West had a chance in the U.S., most notably Dragon Ball and its obscure NES game Dragon Power. But people probably didn’t realize that these were based on an old Chinese novel (but kids liked them regardless). So to Jaleco decided to change the game to make it more relevant to U.S. audiences, and they decided on a Native American theme. Looking back, it makes you wonder why they bothered changing anything to appeal to a U.S. audience. The game released five months before the SNES launched in North America.
White plastic desk organizer either given to me from my Mother or picked up at a garage sale for less than 1$
created. With regards to ‘Með suð í eyrum við spilum endalaust’, it might as well be a
You can find all of their direct links on my lower left side bar. Please be sure and visit all of them and see sooo many wonderful blogger posts!
The strategy provides welcome ammunition for campaigners who are trying to push David Cameron into keeping his promise to give a tax break to married couples. It comes days after figures showed that marriage is coming back into fashion after 40 years of decline.
Last night I took myself to the movies in my quest to stay sane through a tough mission -- more about that later but not today. We have a multi-plex cinema here and it only cost $1.75. What astound me was that the price of admission was less than the large coffee I bought ($2.50) and was reminded that Starbuck's is overrated. I saw a "Safe House" which had damned little to do with being safe. I chose it because I enjoy Denzel Washington. I can't really say if I enjoyed it because with the way it was filmed was blurry and weird and moved wayyyyyy too fast. Maybe it was just me and my age but it looked like it was made for younger people who spent too much time playing video games. I must be getting old.
Tip #2 Learn to pop your own popcorn and avoid the microwave packets. There are still health concerns about microwave popcorn packets and the chemicals added to promote popping and less sticking. Use an air popper to eliminate the need for fat. There are many electric air popcorn poppers and there are also popcorn poppers for the microwave.
“I wish I was there.” springs to mind when listening to it, this is My Bloody Valentine at the height of their game. The guitars, bass and drums are all really well recorded, but sound rough, these are Loveless tracks performed in the same way as the debut, Isn’t Anything.
Whatever all of that means!! More importantly to me I feel better already after a week, and have had no hunger shakes or light headed feelings. I have experienced some nasty headaches, which I imagine is due to the enormous reduction in caffeine and sugar that I am consuming.
Ooooooh. Pudding. I see - Poon. Ok, poon thou shalt have! I mean who doesn't love a good pudding! (Well, me. But that's besides the point.)
Yesterday I started working on a Double Wedding Ring quilt. I cut the fabric out with the GO!. I don't have it all cut out, because I wanted to start sewing it (really to see if it would work - it my first quilt with the double wedding ring die).
I already knew that the waiting list was likely into summer which would work out really well for us. We were called with an admission date of May 21st. We still needed official authorization from insurance, but we have moved forward with the assumption that everything would be approved.
The Paper Studio- Boo, Beware
5-9 - Mick Rock
“We could use our resource to advance our own pride, or we could become greedy and accumulate wealth for its own sake, or we could take wrongful security in riches (see Matt. 6:19; Luke 12:13-21, James 5:3). We could use our possessions foolishly and wastfully, abounding in luxury and self-indulgence while we neglect the needs of others (see James 5:5; 1 John 3:17). These things are rightly called ‘materialism,’ and they are wrong.”
For a so called holistic business!
I think I'd like them in either an unfinished/stripped wood (see PB version below) or a smooth off-white color. Also love the idea of having such a regal looking chair in kid/dog friendly fabric, though in my heart I really want them in some fabulous peacock blue velvet with a contrasting but coordinating fabric on the back panel.
An overview of the complete Cruden set up is, the simulator itself; complete with a three seat cockpit atop the six leg platform. Beneath the platform are the electrical systems to power the servo motors in the legs, which in turn is controlled by a small server rack and console. As already alluded to, the system is controlled by electric motors to extend the legs and not Hydraulics as perhaps I had expected. However these are able to accelerate and decelerate more than fast enough to give the driver a rough ride. As well a long stroke, as the clearance around the simulators attests. Indeed the violence of the F1 shift or hitting a barrier, provides enough of a jolt to make the LCD screen “white-out” slightly as the liquid crystal is thrown around inside the cells of the display! This is a near self-contained set up just requiring plugging into a commando socket for its electrical feed. The data that comes out of the system feeds the PCs and 14 screens on the ‘pit wall’.
scrapes beneath the hedgerow
Oil on Linen
Not really – you weren’t born that way, you have become that way through circumstances and conditioning over the course of your life -and that can change…..
A subtle pop of color in the dining room, is provided by the legs of the dining chairs and the ball
Let’s begin with Pythagoras, who lived in Calabria in the 6th century BC and spoke of each of us having four lives within us – the mineral, the vegetable, the animal and the human. “Thus we must know ourselves four times,” he explained. What kind of a crazy person decides this is the fodder for a film? Yet that’s what Michelangelo Frammartino does: he returns us to a tiny Calabrian village to tell of those four times (quattro volte) in an film utterly free of dialogue.
Although I don't show it in photos very often, my treadmill is still in my craft room. It's really not a bad place for it. There's plenty of room in there, and having it there keeps it out of our family room in the basement. A few weeks ago, I finally had the chance to install a shelf above the treadmill. Now we can watch tv shows online when we run!
Thanks for reading through this update. I hope you have a terrific February!
I've finally got my head around this weeks challenge at Less is More.... a one layer card that must include doodling by your own fair hands... I think the gasp was heard all around the country on Saturday morning!!!
