An extremely strong and very black cup of coffee.
Easter was not the norm this year. Aubrey ran a fever Saturday night and was not feeling well at all. We weren't quite sure what was up but hoped he would be feeling better in the morning. He was still not himself in the morning so Seth stayed home with him while I went to church to teach Sunday School and attend the Easter service. I hate they missed it. Before I left, we let Aubrey open his basket.
“Look Hera, the latest Ulysses has a new type of flying boat that goes so high!”
We started out meal with yummy cocktails lychee martinis, pickled pear sangrias and wine. The first course we had with the omakase was Bigeye and Bluefin Toro tartar with caviar and a Japanese berry as a palate cleanser. The fish was so amazing it literally melted in my mouth and the soy caviar burst in our mouths accenting the tuna so nicely.
“Yes, of course. Give me five minutes gentlemen,” the president says to those near him. “I will meat you in my office.”
A lot has changed since we went back to ONU for homecoming 4 years ago. For starters, little old Ada now has a McDonald's. And our drive to ONU has changed for the better: Route 30 is a real highway all the way from 71 with an exit straight to Ada. Gone are the days of being stuck behind a semi or slowing down for little towns with speed traps - what a great thing!
Minutes passed by and the game started to flow evenly for both teams, with chances back and forth either way. But at the 42nd minute mark, just when Bogdan was about to take the goal kick, Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba was found lying with his face on the floor. According to those who have witnessed it, there was nobody near him and he just collapsed. I think this excerpt from the Guardian‘s feed should explain it:
That's it / Nada mas
Goody. ROLLY anchorage and Jim wants to stop. Imagine my sarcastic excitement, eyeball rolling and suppressed growls.
“They have to adopt the rules of the WTO and this is a huge task for most of them,” said Imboden. “They must undertake reforms, completely revise their legal systems and establish rules that apply to all foreign investors and importers, without discrimination.”
Next we choose to go to the doctor, or psychiatrist to get the “answer” to our “problem,” the anti-anxiety, anti-depressant, anti-everything medication, our “saving grace,” we think, for the “problem” of our worries.
Pour the remaining clarified butter into a large non-stick pan set over high medium heat. Sauté the paupiettes until golden brown on all sides, about 2-3 minutes on each of the four sides.
I am hard pushed to say which of these I like the best. I like the solid block of Berries better in the middle but on the other hand I like the contrast on the outside of the one with the custard in the middle.mmm!
Whatever, as long as the future brings me such kind of interesting opportunities of chatting as this surprise interview offer, it’s gonna be full of pleasure and joy! Thank you very much!
This particular one was decorated using the Flower Burst Embosslit. I ran it through the Big Shot twice, once in Whisper White and once in Wisteria Wonder. I cut out the central portion of the Wisteria flower and daubed around the edges of both with matching Wisteria Wonder ink.
Step 6: Send the whole folder to Belle Roussel by Deadline Midnight (SLT) Sunday June 26th, 2011. Announcments will be made Saturday July 2, 2011. By Submitting Pictures and application, you agree to give Full Permission to Chop Zuey Couture Jewellery to use them in store display, blog sharing, advertising, shop displays and ad events. Credit will be given. Please follow directions completely. Any missing information may result in elimination of your application. All decisions made by Chop Zuey Management shall be final and binding.
Wuellner acknowledges that it’s easy to overlook the difficult members of our community–the homeless, the disabled, the emotionally dependent: “How often is our politeness merely a way of distancing ourselves from honest encounter? If we learn honesty within our own bodies and hearts, can we at last begin to learn it with one another?”
Up until now I have laid facts before you, however, in an attempt to make sense of those facts I can now only give you my own view, my analysis if you prefer, of what has happened and why.
Questioned as to why she did not bother to contact either one of us before assigning motive to us elicited the comment from her facebook page, “Had Joe been lying about anything, I would have written an actual story. As with most newspaper blogs, our blog is for news that some people might find interesting or amusing, but does not rise to the level of a story.”
“I will make you a bargain,” he said, smiling an icy smile. “I will stake all the riches of my kingdom on this last game of five stones. If you win, you may have the six hoards of the Frost Giants, and the great Ice Diamond of Norgard. But if you lose you must come north with me and do whatever task I set you, for as long as I ask, or I will freeze your land and its people to death.”
Chris had very kindly offered to ferry us across the 40-odd kilometres of our route which pass through the park, saying we could spend a night at his camp en route. When we arrived the camp was bustling and a few more arrivals the next day brought the total guests in camp to 23! A little over usual capacity! With Charlotte back though things were quickly in hand and she and her staff pulled a “loaves and fishes”, producing plenty of delicious meals to keep everyone satisfied. Chris said, with so many guests, he didn’t think he could spare a driver and vehicle to get us out so we more than happily stayed another of night, assisting with jobs around the camp. Chris found no shortage of things for us to do, from fetching guests with stuck vehicles to helping install water pumps and running the bar. Before we knew it, we had enjoyed four lovely days in a special part of wild Africa, tagging along on walks, boat rides and drives. Eventually though, we felt Amanzi Awethu! must push on, and it was with heavy hearts and fond farewells that left McBride’s Camp.
For the love that flows through it now,
For a little extra dimension, I stamped the floral image a second time then colored, cut out & adhered it to the main image. I love how the JustRite stamps fit perfectly with the various Spellbinders dies - fabulous results!
Still raining, raining so not much else to do. Hired a buggy to ride around on for an hour. Wind Chill Factor -5'C ! LOL! But Jordy thought it was fun so probably worth it.
Please be aware that there are only a few weeks left to stop homosexual “marriage” in Washington DC. Please help bring people to the rally/media event on Wed. Feb. 24 on Capitol Hill.
A woman suffered serious brain injuries and a heart attack after she was forced to wait two hours for an ambulance - which was sitting 100 yards away.
Mama and Daddy!
The piece speaks of how these beers went from hokey third-rate relics to wink-and-a-nod artifacts which trucker hat wearing twentysomethings drink not for taste, but to feel connected to another time, and connected to the beers their dads drank. (The article, in fact, has a very interesting angle about how a desire to connect to our fathers might the strongest subconscious rationale behind this new trend.)
Chile Outperforms US and Dramatically Reduces Maternal Deaths by Increasing Women’s Educational Level
The nose was reassuringly savoury with leather notes and black pepper as well as ripe blackberry fruit, there were also nuances of deep espresso aromas.
It’s been a long time since I’ve done one of these. Arioch tagged me, and I said I was going to post it tomorrow … but I’m sick and there is no guarantee that I will get it done. So I’ll do it now. She also tagged Zari, so if I get mine done before him, I can tag people that he would tag and get away with it. Muahahahah.
By Shadonna Richards
Multiscreen continues to grow in popularity, with most households wanting access to multiple platforms http://t.co/0ayotpov
The SA white is most hated by certain factions and groups within the African community. This hatred is becoming more evident as we move along. There is a definite, determined, orchestrated onslaught against the whites. We are caught in the grips of a slow silent genocide that will increase sharply in the coming months. Part 4 in this series will focus on strategies and planning for the survival of the SA whites and other interested minorities.
I seriously cannot believe that Thanksgiving is just a few days away! I don't know where the time has gone!
When a dying breed of people discovers a new source of the one mineral that enables their women to get pregnant as well as stay alive during and after a pregnancy, the fight is on. Factions of one kind or another with of course the rich and powerful getting into the mix for their own purposes; it makes you wonder if there is anyone you can trust. Throw in magic and demons and alternate worlds along with slavery, exploitation, plots, subplots, a large dose of male ego and a woman’s need to save her child from her plight and you have Hailey Edward’s Eversworn: Daughters of Askara.
Oh my goodness, it has been a LONG time since I have had time to update my blog so you know this will be a long post trying to do a little catching up. I have been creating like a mad woman but time has not been a friend lately. Okay I will admit that August was not a productive month for crafting but I did AMAZING work on my tan in Montauk. Montauk is located at the very end of the south fork of Long Island and is the best part of the Hampton's if you ask me.
Direct competition includes the navigation system's touch screen; we must take our eyes off the acura integra forum than within, significantly improves long-term durability. Air exiting the oem acura integra wheels an easy-to-use straight gate shifter or by racing-inspired steering wheel are all well-placed and easy to use.
that possesses the giant plains.
Hope you are all well
Set large pot to boil with liberal sprinkling of salt in water. Cook orzo 8-10 minutes, or until al dente. Drain and add olive oil to pasta, to keep small pieces from sticking.
I opened this series by discussing Paul’s use of being effeminate in a vice list, equivalent with idolators, fornicators, adulterers, thieves, etc. Which seems wrong, assuming a modern-day definition of effeminacy, as well as modern-day knowledge of genetics.
- I pray that our tent stakes will need to be opened wide even more and stretched to the breaking point yet again(cause there stretched to the max right now).
Motorsport links are surely one Lotus’s huge strengths. So much so that Lotus Engineering became renowned as the go to people for help when building a car. Ford went to Lotus’s engineering department for help on the Cortina, Escort and even toyed with the idea of having them build the Le Mans winning GT40. Since then Lotus has helped engineer the Talbot Sunbeam Lotus rally car, Vauxhall’s Lotus Carlton uber-salloon and are behind the active suspension systems formally used in F1 and commonly adopted in many of today road cars. The Lotus Engineering side of the company has undeniably propped up the car building division for many years. Lotus Engineering is a key success in Group Lotus PLC.
1 drinkin'
Fords, NJ 08863
“RT is rallying a global audience of open-minded people who question what they see in mainstream media and we are proud to premiere Julian Assange’s new project,” editor-in-chief Margarita Simonyan said in a statement on the television network's website.
Opposing Energies: unmotivated, impatience, petulant
The first thing you'll notice about this shirt is that the cotton is very fine. Is it Egyptian, Italian, Swiss? -- I don't know. But it is gorgeous: cool to the touch and smooth as silk.
The Labour Party in Amber Valley seem convinced that they can win control of the Borough Council, and they are prepared to fight a very dirty campaign to reach their goal, even though negative campaigning is usually rejected by the electorate.
Related Guy Fieri recipes:
This collection is so elegant and I can't wait to get started!
Thursday morning-- exactly two weeks before my due date-- I woke up with a dull, crampy ache in my abdomen, lower back, and legs. It didn't feel like labor and so I assumed it was just another one of the many pregnancy aches and pains I'd been feeling the last few weeks. Yet as the morning progressed I realized that these "cramps" weren't going away and some of them were strong enough to stop me in my tracks. I was really confused by them because they didn't feel like labor contractions and they weren't regular at all. Still, I told my husband that we should clean up the house before he left for work, just in case, but that I was pretty sure that these "contractions" would die out in a little while. The baby had been very, very posterior (meaning his face was facing forwards instead of backwards) at my last pre-natal appointment and Jon and I had been doing all the exercise and techniques the midwife had given us to help him turn, but he wouldn't budge. I was pretty sure that the reason my contractions were so sporadic was because he was still posterior and since he wasn't in a good position things weren't really progressing. I had scheduled an appointment with the chiropractor on Monday to see if she could help him turn but I realized now that I might not make it to Monday. So I called and re-scheduled my appointment with the chiropractor for later that day, just in case.
So, my husband...
As children, we would ride in cars with no seat belts or air bags. We drank water from the garden hose and NOT from a bottle. Take away food was limited to fish and chips. No pizza shops, McDonalds , KFC, Subway or Nandos.
This internship entailed fact-checking, compiling music and show listings, (both extremely tedious tasks in a paper like this where every band and artist featured had some special, stupid way they wanted their name spelled) writing small blurbs on upcoming events, and other time consuming work that actually made up the bulk of the paper beyond the 8 pages of articles at the front.
As with all teams the engine specifications are frozen, only the mappings to accommodate the new regulations on on-throttle blown engine maps are allowed. The engine manufacturers suggest this will affect the engines drivability, as these maps pre-existed blow diffusers, and were used to smooth the power delivery and harvesting of KERS energy during braking.
No wonder it’s become a gig economy.
summer streams
1/3 cup chopped carrot
i used little yellow bicycle "pack your bags" collection. i really like the fancy canvas stickers and clear cut shapes that are complimenting the wonderful papers.
She's also very good at creating a vivid picture of how this world looks, how it works: 'Father built our solar, a triangular loft space under the roof of our house. It's almost exactly the right size for our mattress, which is made of sacking stuffed with hay...' Much later in the book, when Isabel finds herself in a wealthy man's house and is told she can wear his dead daughter's dresses, we hear that she cannot put them on because she has no-one to help her, and it's impossible to tie all the fastenings by herself. This kind of detail makes a far distant world very real, almost tangible; we can absolutely imagine what it would be like to live in it.
The clock struck 5:00 pm, it was a Friday afternoon, and university wide the assignment inboxes were closed for further assignments. It was the last day to hand in final papers and projects. Tom sat at his computer screen with a glazed over look. Was this really happening? Had he temporarily blacked out from an energy drink binge the night before? He was such an asshole. What was he going to do now? “You have no new assignments in your portfolio” the screen red in dark red letters.
They come from the same place – the Culver Academies in Culver, Indiana, a tiny, mapdot of a town on the shores of the beautiful Lake Maxinkuckee.
So we planned to have dinner with some friends - our neighbours from upstairs and another couple of friends who live down the road, came over. It was a lovely evening - great conversation, excellent company, wine and music and a sit-down dinner to complete things.
Oct-26 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Center On Sale Sat. Apr. 28
It's like someone hands you a train schedule when you are five years old, and it shows the plan for every day of the next thirteen to seventeen years of your life. The stops are laid out, the timetable is set.
Apart from initiating a probe, Hasbeemasputra also said that MACC should identify and freeze Taib’s alleged assets if need be so that they can be used for future restitution to the people of Sarawak.
So lets review what we know so far:
For every time you made her scream.
Switch to yellow yarn
God’s Way, is for us to live in God so that we can impart His life to the things we do. We were created as life-givers and have been redeemed to overcome the bonds of death by multiplying Jesus into the things we do.
(7) FAXGORE LTD
(Yes, that is a picture of a TV show with adults wearing costumes as they are talking about food...)
Why don’t you talk to me?
I bet you’ve made a quiet commitment to God before. We’ve all done it – asked for His forgiveness and promised to live for Him. We whisper out our prayers in the privacy of our own living rooms. We dedicate our lives to Him in the midst of worship. It comes from our heart and is as sincere as the day is long. The words pour through our head and our spirit, affirming our desire for His ways. But does it ever come out of our mouths? Have you ever made a public declaration?
Cesare takes the news to his father that the priest, Burchard, has been asked to give his opinion on Alexander’s deposition, and that the College of Cardinals is split down the middle. Alexander merely says they’re going to need some more cardinals.
Cut the politically correct tape tying everyone's hands and do something about this Terrorist group who hate everything our great county stands for.
The one thing all the doctors agree on is that sugar(as in the over-processed white stuff most of us know as sugar) is bad for your body and especially bad if you have cancer. Artificial sweeteners such as aspartame are a definite no-no.
It's hard to convey the type of "mommy" yell I'm trying to write about without a video. It's not the-whiny-tired "mommy". It's not the angry-stomp-your-feet "mommy". It's not the I-just-woke-up-and-I-want-my "mommy". It's not the cying-because-I-didn't-get-what-I-wanted "mommy".
CB: What are your favorite details to shoot during a wedding?
Of course, that is exactly false. It is that attitude right there that leads almost inevitably to that adversarial relationship I so feared, a relationship that is stressful, difficult, and time-consuming in the extreme, one that often leads to lifelong damage and expensive psychotherapy.
Us kids we’re eatin’, we’re eatin’ fish & chips
And she wasn’t
We laugh. For all the things we (and our family) have been through in 5+ years, it seems more like 50. But looking at us at 5 years, we are stronger than the majority of those we know. The whole for better or worse part of the ceremony hits home :)
...or the seed catalogs are piling up, and blossoming polymer is helping me get through the gray days.
Fold the suede in half and then make a square knot about midway to make a loop at the top of the suede.
Business Office and Diesel Repair Shop hours:
The one in the middle spoke harshly, “You are a fool Michael. You are not grounded in the past. He will hear the questions, as is our custom, and you will not interrupt.” The man’s voice was not jolly like the first, nor was it unbearable like the latter; rather it was smooth and low. The first man was the paradox, the second was the fanatic, but the third- he had a calculated evil, emotionless, the gray of despair.
Happy Birthday, Noah!
On the final mountains in the main picture I added a faint streak of BV23/BV25 to darken the shadows on the left side of each peak. This makes it look a little less flat, but not so much that it detracts from the main image.
Many people not familiar with firearms... and even those who are, and are just using it as shorthand (hell, I do it myself fairly commonly)... refer to an entire cartridge as a "bullet". This is technically incorrect, though common usage; and gives rise to the common misconception among the unfamiliar that the entire cartridge is fired from the gun.
Tonight Daughter #2 was playing with a bunch of my old ID cards that I saved for the them to have for when they play house or whatever. One was from the year Daughter #2 was born. I actually thought, “Wow at one time I was pretty.” So she was showing it to her dad and I said, “Yep, you can use that for a fake ID when you get older.” She said, “Mom, what’s a fake idea?” Then MOH started telling me I shouldn’t put ideas in her head. I only said it, because where I came from, the good kids knew all the bad kids who had them, but it was SO bad that we all kind of whispered about it.
Next, I’ll get that liposuction that I’ve wanted for years. I need to look great for that back cover photo after all, not to mention the New York galas and the Nobel prize for literature ceremony. Readers expect female crime writers to be sexy.
Words, people. Words are powerful. I am not talking about the sticks and stones school rhyme sort of thing. I am talking about living, breathing things that don’t die and don’t go away and get stuck in the creepy corners of the back of your mind and feed off anything that comes in their path. Words are not nothing. This is a skin cancer, cancer yes, but they slice the thing off, you get a little more vigilant with sunscreen and you move on. Right? Right. Except not always. Enter the words. Words spoken to me years ago, flippantly, with no expectation to do anything other than ease my mind and her discomfort. I hear over and over in my head—People don’t die of cervical cancer anymore, it is hardly worth worrying about. Enter skin cancer—people don’t die of moles. It is hardly worth worrying about. Right? Except my mother was dead in less than two years time. I don’t want to die.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 12:45 AM 0 comments
I shut down my laptop and turned out the light. I needed to get some sleep; it was already past midnight. I tossed and turned for a good while, thinking about the reward money – a not-insubstantial sum of one hundred pounds – and whether or not it was right to return the dog to a place he had chosen to escape. Surely if he was that well trained he would have heeded command and stayed close to his owner? Was it fair to send him back to a place where he would not get any contact with others of his kind, and be cooped up indoors all day? But then, it was immoral of me to keep something that I knew was not mine. For all I knew that poor girl was sincerely devastated about the loss of her pet. How would I feel if I went downstairs in the morning and he had just disappeared? I’d be heartbroken, wondering where he was, if he was safe, where he might have gone…and I’d only had him a few hours.
- Go out for lunch or dinner with Dale at least once every 2 months (without kids). Went out twice for lunch in January. Went out for dinner for our anniversary in February. Went out for dinner in May with Dale to a fancy restaurant. We even dressed up!
And you say
It's taken over two years for the stonemasons to stabilise and repair the gable to its full spiffiness but they've done a good job.
GLEN MARAIS: Two armed black attackers killed in separate incidents during robbery on business.
What do you think about Oprah and Tolle?
LET cool in pan 5 minutes then transfer cupcakes to cooling rack
You read that right. K and I and the rest of the gang are moving house. The new place is in Phoenixville, a classic town with great restaurants, an old-fashioned movie theater, and a brewery. What more can a gal want? Oh, and it’s near biking trails and just around the corner is a park, the perfect place for walking Pablo. As you can see, he’s eager to get going.
It is important for people to understand the actual significance of President Obama’s highly publicized, surprise visit to Afghanistan. This trip had nothing to do with the outcome of the war itself and everything to do with domestic political consumption. It was designed to win votes from a war-weary public.
Thank you for choosing us.
Hey, Wildchild, keep your hair black it suits you
Now take a look at the lovely DT cards... they come up with something different every week... thanks ladies.
No fear of letting go
If cooking your own meals in a motel or hostel, how about trying some mussels? The is the place well known for growing wine and mussels in New Zealand.
“I was here prince, but there was a guard standing there, behind the tree, so I could not come out. We can’t come out in front of human beings.” she said.
Nah, I don’t feel that bad.
“I’ll give you one… Just you wait,” Phil joked. With a cheeky face, I could only imagine.
Schmithals writes:
2 Cups Macaroni
This film, also known as a mockumentary, takes place in the foothills around Norway. In the western woods of Norway, a group of college filmmakers come upon a story of a hunter who is killing bears out of season. After establishing this mysterious man as an actual person, the group comes upon his truck and trailer at an outpost. Wanting to speak with him, a bit of secretive filming is underway. It is not until the group goes too far that they discover that the bear hunter they want to out for his criminal behavior, is actually a troll hunter.
8. Amethyst Deceivers (Version 2)
He nodded solemnly.
Hat Fair Winchester 21st August 1976
Part of my journey this past year has been to learn to do with less, to learn how to manage the big stresses in life, when it looks like it all will be taken away. At some point this past year I realized that I didn't own my stuff, my stuff owned me. A friend reminded me that I stressed over giving up some of my stuff because I placed too much importance in it. Otherwise, it wouldn't cause me so much pain to lose it. The really important things in life are not made of stuff.
by the receiver who further relayed
This blog will focus on diy, style, and fashion much like my other blog. It'll include inspiration from other sources, such as paintings, movies, and music. They'll also be posts on my soon to open etsy shop. We don't like to limit ourselves too much here at Ivy Frozen Productions, and hopefully we'll keep you all as interested and entertained as we are. And by "we" I mean me plus my imaginary sweatshop--erg--unionized elf pals who help me sew and bring this blog to you.
and many others.
Nay, let them only see us while
Next up - through Nov 6 only, I have some HUGE values available for free with a qualifying purchase. When you spend $15 in the store, you can get all my digital scrapbook basics kits for FREE. ($43.99 value)
U.S. EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson (an Obama appointee) recently rejected a petition by the Center for Biological Diversity (CBD) to ban the use of ammunition and fishing tackle containing lead components. Her reason: EPA does not have the authority under the Toxic Substance Act to take such an action. CBD announced its intention to force EPA to take action anyways through a lawsuit. H.R. 4089 simply confirms what the EPA has already determined – the law does not provide authority to take that action.
2-Sandy V
The End :)
Start – 29.4%, Finish – 22.4%
After six years of varying fortunes, the band which had been founded as a joke, had become very much a serious concern. "I realised that it was now or never", said Björk recently. "Either I record all those songs which had been floating in my head for years, otherwise I'd never do it." In 1992 she left the Sugarcubes to go solo.
- Unlimited game space
Smarr himself is just the person to promote this vision of digital medicine. The professor is considered an interdisciplinary genius, an astrophysicist who studied black holes and gravitational waves before turning his attention to pioneering work with supercomputers and the structure of the Internet. The founder of Calit2 in San Diego is now interested in anticipating the technology trends of the future. In the process, he has become obsessed with self-tracking.
Although I must stress the scientific legitimacy of this video because as far as I know, there is none. The experimentation and testing would be a tad difficult (1.21 gigawatts), but nonetheless it provides us with an entirely different way of viewing our life and time.
And believes it so, and you so much more
**Most Northerly part of Scotland.
my grandsons
Sean Barry wrote that he especially remembered the "pretty well rust-eaten" car his teacher -- and for a few years, neighbor -- drove during those years.
When I’m not running, you can often find me reading books on running. I’ve read Matt Long’s The Long Road (which was awesome and awe-inspiring!), as well as John Stanton’s Running: The Complete Guide to Building Your Program and Claire Kowalchik’s The Complete Book of Running for Women. Mostly recently, I finished Martin Dugard’s book To Be A Runner.
it started with me – and if it'd ended with me, i would have just thought i had a common cold. no huge deal. but then it hit bonzo, seeming entirely like a cold as well. but with a couple days of a fever sprinkled in and wrapping up with a cough. then it hit the chooch. it was exactly what me and the bonz had but a whole lot worse. the flu.
Hyper-On Experience - Disturbance Tango Remix (Moving Shadow)
The twenty-five young Sahrawis chained themselves on board protesting marginalization of labor and the plundering of natural resources of the area.
Vianessa – Leveled my Tauren Pally from 40 to 47, without BoAs. Vianessa is now dual-spec’d – Retribution and Protection. I wanted her to have a Holy spec, but tanking dungeons will definitely make things quicker.
let’s see
Brenna Keating is on her way to spend Christmas with her grandmother when treacherous roads and a skittish deer put her car in a ditch. Riding to the rescue—literally—is Dillon Craig, a reclusive doctor who insists she weather the storm in his cabin.
Be sure to check back for recipes along with final photos!
Rick Wakeman (Keyboards),
Quite the contrary, in fact.
**Footnote: This is a picture that proves:
The bird, swirls, and sentiment are all 3 in the new soon to be released set....be sure to stay tuned to Skipping Stones this month as we will be having a blog hop to celebrate its release Audust 16th. Anyway, I love kraft CS and had to use some on my card. I also love white embossing on kraft so did the swirls in that. I decided to stamp the bird on PTI Razzberry Fizz CS and cut her out....also enhanced her with a white gel pen to sorta tie things together.....and of course I had to throw in another of my favorite things...buttons. I really like my little birdie..and isn't that sentiment nice too?
The master bath is a minimalist expression in marble and glass. North-facing windows over the two-seater tub allow soothing light to enter, but are placed high enough to maintain privacy. An upper level media room spills out with a large balcony over the living room below. This balcony connects across the front of the house to two of the bedrooms. Deep overhangs shade these southern-facing windows, keeping the house cool.
For you to know what you can do best for JESUS you must first of all discover yourself, in discovering yourself, you must consider these three things in other to discover yourself.
They call me Apollo after the sun god, and (as you can probably tell from my portrait) I was not born to be a warhorse.
Only the kids of Park City, UT would make a Shaun-White-crow…except for maybe this girl I know in Idaho.
Slowly the intensity of the storm receded and soon heat gave way to dismal rain. The delicate intoxicating fragrance of the mogra and mixed with the humousy smell of damp earth began to filter in from the open window. I poured myself a glass of chilled water and looked out at the waves of darkness.
“What the hells gotten into him?” I ask.
I don't know if anyone noticed but I LOVE flowers and
In Punjabi literature today, just as Rañjha is identified with his flute and Sohni with her un-fired water pitcher (kacha gharha), Mirza has n
The rich get it in the summertime and the poor get it in the winter. ~Bat Masterson
One week ago today, I wasn't thinking about too much other than my hair appointment that evening. Would I like this Keratin Express business? (answer - YES) Would the salon be nice? How much should I get taken off?
05-Curbdriving
Anyway. I came out of university and ended up Not Becoming A Journalist at all, despite being offered an internship at a more-than-slightly disreputable periodical (and no, I’m not telling). The closest I came to it, in fact, was working in one of the larger buildings on Fleet Street. I hated the job, and I think it wouldn’t be unfair to say that the job hated me, and our office was a boxy little partitioned space, but I loved that building.
My mother buys a bunch of avocados every week, sometimes more when they are in season (like now). I guess you could say my family and I are fans. But all we ever do with it is turn it into a sort of avocado pudding (?) or eat whole slices of it with milk and sugar. Both are equally delicious in their own rights, but when I told my Mum I wanted to try avocados in cake, she was immediately on board.
In January this year an Australian man, Harry Nicolaides, was also jailed for three years over a novel he wrote four years ago in which he referred briefly to the scandalous private life of a Thai crown prince. He was later pardoned.
THE PLAN SHIFTS INTO ACTION
4) eleanor lambert: still here: in one of those serendipitous moments that has me thanking the universe for my good fortune, my trip to brizo fashion week coincided with the publication of this fabulous book by one of my oldest and dearest friends, john tiffany, so i was able to attend the launch party at lincoln center to celebrate its release. seeing someone i love achieve great success was another highlight to 2011, and the fact that it fell during the week i was already in NYC courtesy of brizo was the best kind of unexpected kismet!
Have you ever noticed that no one ever has "gluttony" moments with health food? Nobody ever says "Wow, I totally pigged out on wheat germ and bean sprouts last night."
Not so much fun. Where were the cool costumes? What's this boring play? You want me to learn how many lines?
The first barrier to healthy choices is sorting out the companies trying to make a buck on the natural health movement from those that actually have a quality product to sell – the word “natural” means very little nowadays, and is placed on a LOT of packaging for products that are not nutritionally valuable. Second, people believe that it costs way too much to choose the healthier alternatives. Depending on where you shop, this can be true – finding the right resource is the key. However, rarely do we factor in the exorbitant cost of healthcare to alleviate symptoms that can result from unhealthy lifestyle choices – prescription drugs for high blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes, etc. How many over-the-counter drugs are purchased to relieve headaches or gastrointestinal issues that actually result from our dietary choices or personal care products (again, another post)? The third variable that causes resistance is that most people feel they just don’t have the time in their life to sort out the first two variables so they can make an educated, healthier choice. Besides, their parents and grandparents have been eating and using “regular” food and cosmetic products for years and they’ve turned out just fine, right? Well…how many prescription drugs do your grandparents take?
I am preparing a Bible study for our Sunday nights that will take us through the 119th Psalm. As I am reading and studying, I am amazed at how unlike the Psalmist I am. This amazement is not always the good kind, but the kind that says, “I still have a long way to go”. One verse says “I eagerly pursue your commandments” and there are times when it is all I can do to stay focused on just doing a daily reading, much less eagerly study the Bible. The passion that is lacking in my life some days is scary.
Holly is a WONDERFUL story-teller. Mixing the mob and magic together is just fun. Especially when you have a protagonist like Cassel Sharp. (I have MAD LOVE for Cassel Sharp!)
Which is more than I can say for L or me.
Everyone has done a spectacular job. I always love to see everyone's variations of the pieces - it's amazing how different a piece can look using another colour palette.
Most of the cats were found in poor condition — infested with fleas and some with ear infections. A dozen were hospitalized at a Tekonsha veterinarian hospital.
I was thankful for the journaling sheets.
Inappropriate stress response will affect the hormonal balance in the adrenals due to chronic stress exposure, with prolonged cortisol elevations and excess estrogen in the blood, since the liver has a decreased ability to filter them.
But of course, just as I would've ignored such advice when I was that age, so Casey struggles: with men, with her own morality, with money, and with a sort of sick pride that manages to sabotage her every attempt at making her life better.
Anyways, the morning after I felt like I'd been hit by a truck. Literally. I don't think it was all gym related, but I spent the morning looking like I'd got a serious spinal issue and behaving like my brain had been replaced by gravy. Not good.
I have long since reconciled myself to the fact that if you write a blog, at some stage you are going to end up looking stupid, only the frequency and degree of stupidity will vary, so now for the embarrassing bit. I feel really certain that when I first got my Alpha Gel that the lead sleeve was retracted, and the first push on the top button extended the sleeve out. Now though it is a non-retractable fixed sleeve. So surely it can’t have been retracted when I first got it? But my mind is convinced. Garrrr!!!….I must be going mad. However I will ignore the madness and say that the Uni Alpha Gel has a fixed non-retractable 3mm lead sleeve.
Plus the new Burda magazine came in yesterday and that pumped up my creativity just a notch higher too.
“They’re possible topics of conversation.”
Indeed, a brand-new Rasmussen Reports poll finds that 64 percent of Americans believe voter fraud is a serious problem, with whites registering 63 percent agreement and African-Americans 64 percent. A Fox News poll taken last month found that 70 percent of Americans support requiring voters to show “state or federally issued photo identification” to prove their identity and citizenship before casting a ballot. Majorities of all demographic groups agreed on the need for photo ID, including 58 percent of non-white voters, 52 percent of liberals, and 52 percent of Democrats.
P.S. I watched "The Rocky Horror Glee Show" all the way through today, and I learned two things: The Rocky Horror Show really is, as I suspected, a wildly inappropriate choice for a high school musical; and "sensational" is apparently a synonym for "transexual."
Unless my outfits are uncomfortable or overly revealing, I’m usually not self-conscious about what I wear. Looking at this picture though, my eyes are bleeding a little from the bright colors and I think maybe I SHOULD feel out of place among my conservatively dressed officemates. But I really don’t care.
Then I called Graham and talked to him. He said, "Really?" Graham then asked me some questions and after hearing the answers said, "Perfect!"
the absence today of that festive, convivial, participatory approach
I recently knit two pairs of socks. The first pair are my luxury pair - I used the "Thistle" pattern by Rosee Woodland which was published in the Knitter magazine issue 36. I wanted a purple yarn because thistles always make me think of the purple Scottish thistle designs that I remember from my Great Auntie's jewelery and accessories. I used Easyknits Deeply Wicked in Lavender Mist which is a gorgeous silvery purple. I LOVE these socks - they look great and they are lovely to wear. I'd be tempted to make a second pair in future.
The attitude with which Jesus treated children suggests He probably does not agree with the saying, “Children should be seen and not heard.” The more I work with kids, the more I understand why Jesus said we must be like “little children.” I’ll never forget one time Jesus showed me the depth of His words in Matthew 18.
Isaiah: A book of the Old Testament that was written before and after the Babylonian exile. The post-exile text (commonly referred to as “Deutero-Isaiah”) was miraculously pre-recorded by the wicked Laban so the Nephites might have a record of events that happened after they left Jerusalem.
I can’t avoid mentioning the brilliant satire on Not The Nation website on this subject matter - how much Thai Media (especially Nation) excessively and obsessively masturbate the fetish of “Thaksin-bashing”. in fact, I think most of things written there are real and true rather than being merely an imaginary satire ! The thing which drives them (especially Nation) nuts is again money - both in the sense that they are eager to see downfall of their cartoonish personage, darling of Thai Media (good for bashing) Thaksin, as well as - bashing him is sooo good for generating revenues, which suffer more and more lately. MONEY is a focus as never before !
Either way, I'm glad for the change. And I'm always glad for the wind.
While the rice is cooking, heat the kielbasa. I used my George Foreman grill, but you could quickly heat it in a skillet, or even in the mircowave.
*Coastal Living Magazine
Here is a glimpse of what I saw and heard:
Kirsten
Some of you may remember that I was working on a vintage mini with old family photos. I showed the empty pages in my last WOYWW post, well I finally managed to finish it. It is a socalled "Stack the Deck" mini as designed by Laura Denison. A tutorial can be found on her youtube channel. It's all made out of envelopes, so each page had a pocket for tags. The photos are all from my husband's family. His father was Scottish, as you can tell from the name. His mum was from Germany originally. She moved to the UK shortly after the second WW.
It also increases your metabolic rate (your calorie burning rate). Some experts believe that it keeps your metabolism running for hours after you have had your breakfast. This means that you are going to lose weight for 3 – 4 hours.
The Last Unicorn is a lovely fantasy story, about a unicron who learns that she is the only one of her kind left in the world. She goes on a journey to try and find her kin, and is accompanied by Schmendrick, the bumbling magician, and Molly, a disillusioned and haggard middle aged woman. This is such an unusual book, with a wide assortment of characters, and because of all of these things, it is beautiful!
Democrats and Republicans take opposing sides on the issue, with Republicans favoring energy development by 68% to 24% and Democrats preferring environmental protection by 56% to 34%. Independents’ views are closer to those of Democrats, with 49% prioritizing the environment and 41% energy production.
I always thought I should write a book, “Evangelism for Liberals”. I actually have a very basic outline for one based on Luke 10:1-11, the sending of the seventy. The problem with most mainline churches is that we just don’t have the same urgency about evangelism as our more evangelical sisters and brothers. Not only is Evangelism not a priority, but we have a very distasteful image of evangelists. Knocking on doors, bad toupees, fear and guilt, and intolerance.
The human beings who are more similar, more ordinary, have had, and always have, an advantage; those more select, subtle, strange, and difficult to understand, easily remain alone, succumb, to accidents, being isolated, and rarely propagate.[3]
I should probably pay more attention to my loving husband…He’s the best enabler I’ve ever had.
Agreeing upon a price now for merchandize to be produced or delivered later, which is a pretty common, uncontroversial, and healthy tradition in free market economics, is banned by the Hadith, the collection of sayings and actions of Muhammad.
She pointed down the hall towards the northeast corner office.
I want to note that the establishing of OUTER DESIRE is such a big moment that it’s often used as the SEQUENCE ONE CLIMAX, as it is in Raging Bull and Funny Girl (the song gets her hired by the musical director at the theater). The hero/ine’s desire is important to establish early on, so using it as the Act One Climax would in most cases be too late.
Of course, we have no equipment. Camping is costly, and we’re certainly not gonna dive right in without first giving it a try to see what all the fuss is about. We have a few friends who have offered to take us camping – to show us the ways of the forest – but a new opportunity has emerged that might be a better starting point than inflicting our complete ignorance of campsite etiquette on knowledgeable friends.
Today I'm completing job forms for one of my epilepsy patients, who works in sales. Questions from his employer include:
I will always undo
He came through like a champ and is doing 100% better now. Onward and upward to better things! I leave you with a picture of our little man right before he went in for surgery. I told my husband he needs a pony, but BOO he says no......
Jay offered me a meatier part this time around, and though I still cop to having no real talent for this kind of thing, I decided it was too much fun to pass up. I recorded lines for the new episode on Sunday night, and was told today that they didn’t suck. Sweet!
Now, independents loved Bill Clinton. If you remember, Republicans opposed Clinton when he tried to raise taxes on the rich. They predicted it would kill jobs and lead to another recession. Instead, our economy created nearly 23 million jobs and we eliminated the deficit. (Applause.) The only thing Bill Clinton ever did as president was raise taxes on the rich, and it created a booming economy. The only thing I’ve done so far for the economy — aside from my jobs bill, which Congress refuses to pass (applause) — is to raise taxes on the rich. OK, no, I didn’t actually raise taxes on the rich when I had the chance. But I’ve given speeches on raising taxes on the rich. Now, the Democrats suffered a terrible midterm defeat in 1994, but then America reelected Bill Clinton two years later. I suffered a terrible midterm defeat, but if I promise to raise taxes on the rich, will you reelect me, too?
First, about 2 weeks in, I woke up feeling great. I still had the headache, but just barely. Nothing that really bothered me. It was the first really great morning in a long while. Maybe even my best since this all began. I merrily woke up, got the girls ready for school, ate some breakfast, and ran out the door. About 30 minutes later, WHAM! What the heck?? I started trying to think back to the things I'd eaten to see if I overlooked an artificial sweetener somewhere. That's when it dawned on me. I'd had instant oatmeal for breakfast. I'd grabbed a packet without paying attention. It was "weight control" oatmeal. I checked the label and sure enough, sucralose (Splenda). Crap. So, it looks like not only aspartame (Diet Coke), but sucralose is also out.
The gorgeous Pilar Arias (of Mozza2Go) did a lot of shopping and the flowers & candles and Suzanne Shumway set up a lot of the garden lighting. Then, on top of shopping till any normal human would have dropped, Sarah Gim oversaw all the decoration of the outdoor dining room with a gimlet eye and unerring taste as well as taking all the food photos with her amazing Canon. She should be given a special award for wearing heels, looking perfectly put together and being vivacious for 20 hours!
God's kindness is ever around you,
Self-trackers meet in online forums and at conferences to discuss their experiences: Does eating more pineapples reduce my allergies? Does regular consumption of butter make me more intelligent? Do I fall asleep more easily if I wear orange-colored glasses just beforehand?
we spent together
When Santoro doesn't answer her cell phone, Britten is convinced that the killer has abducted her, and he's right. Freeman has the park nearest the Meridian, Aliso Canyon Park, sealed off, but the killer, using Santoro's FBI ID, is able to get past the police. Freeman and Britten head for Aliso Canyon Park. The killer is draining Santoro's blood and preparing to carve the Roman numeral into her abdomen, when he is interrupted by Britten. After a gunfight, the killer flees, and Britten saves Santoro. The killer gets away from Freeman.
Doch nun zu unserem Gewinn von Challenge #44......................
With my free hand, I scrabbled in the dirt for a good-sized rock, my heart pounding. My fingers found only hard-baked dirt and crabgrass clumps -- then, finally, closed around a weighty chunk of asphalt sheared from the edge of the road by some long-ago passing truck. I gripped it in my hand ready to fight.
Indoor gates are important when you love to takes care of pets at home. These gates will ensure that your pets, such as dogs and cats, are in their right places. They will help you guard your valuable things from them while you are washing dishes in the kitchen or doing some cleaning in your room.
Afterwards, since we were all too stuffed to go for cheesecake/BBT, we headed back to one of the girl's house and chatted for quite a while. Mostly it involved venting our frustration about work & a bit gossipping . Overall, a great girl night .
Director: Leigh Jason
Why not personally infest the spaces around you?
Many South Africans will recall the hilarious 1980’s hit comedy The Gods Must Be Crazy, written and directed by Jamie Uys. The opening scenes show how a Coke bottle is casually thrown from a light passenger aircraft flying over the Kalahari desert. The bottle lands in the middle of a primitive village.
Dee: Cersei drunk. That will never stop being funny, guys. I can watch that scene over and over and still snicker to myself. Cersei should be drunk all the time. As always I just love when you get Tyrion and Cersei in a room together. I think the two actors have enormous chemistry together. She may be drunk but not enough to give away her secrets to him, although jeez, Cersei get it together woman. Your son is a psychopath and your brother may be the only person who can help you. Someone dump a giant bucket of water over her head!
Commentators did not even have to argue that rock and roll was not an authentic cultural form. Participants and observers agreed that it was only an imitation. Dance band and jazz musicians performing the music stressed that it was simple and did not allow for artistic expression and the teenagers dancing to the music did not challenge this idea. They were busy learning the dance steps, adopting the style and catching the phrases, some even trying to sing in this strange manner. They saw these processes as ‘having fun’ and the older generation did not see them as learning processes, rather as de-civilising processes. They were only loaded with heavy significance when they were connected with violence, promiscuity, homosexuality and other forms of juvenile delinquency, the catchword of the youth discourse of these days.
Victory Brewing Company Prima Pils
If only there were wide options on affordable cute kids furniture back then. Well I did have the privilege of having a bedroom with floral pink wallpaper, but that's about it. If only I were a kid of today I would likely browse colorful kids furniture that are now widely available on most furniture and home decor stores. If I had kids right now I would definitely spend hours and hours decorating their bedroom theme by theme ;)
I’m all grown up but I’m still only feckin’ young,
Last night was so amazing I am having a hard time writing about it. There were just so many layers to the evening, I am having trouble with it. I could write a blog about every person I met, but I think somehow you would get bored.
Of course I had to make my own ladyfingers from scratch. My first batch looked horrible though (I won't be posting pictures of them or including a link to that recipe) - the batter was way too thin and the ladyfingers came out very flat and rectangle-shaped. (Luckily, my kids loved them - they ate most of those and they didn't go to waste!) So I made a second batch using a different recipe, which came out much better.
*Crispy fried chicken: a dish from the regional Cantonese cuisine of China.
“Sounds good…”
My dad has a pet-peeve, and it’s people who are late. For most of my life, I found his pet-peeve annoying because I could never make it anywhere on time. And although my punctuality has not improved greatly, I am now slowly starting to understand where he is coming from. Pardon the pun! Ha!
15. Around And Around
It was agreed at a high-level, secret SYCO meeting, that if they were to do anything with Ronan, he needed totally restyling from the toes up. And so with time running out to develop Ronan into the star Simon wanted, SYCO went into overdrive.
Jesus’ disciples gave it their best shot—and he apparently loved it.
I think everyone saw this one coming after my rant regarding the Seahawks 1st round selection. I think the thing that offends me the most is that Bruce Irvin was the first pass rusher taken in the draft. A guy whose sole ability is to rush the passer, he’s incapable in run support and that in itself make him a 2nd-3rd round pick but when he gets arrested pre-draft aswell? Well then he goes into the 5th-6th round ‘worth a chance’ range. So to take him at 14? Quite simply, the worst draft pick ever (most people actually thought Jamarcus Russell and Ryan Leaf would be great), and you can hold me to that even if he turns out to be an average 3rd down pass rusher.
Hello! Last year I began wonder how St. Patrick's Day was and still is celebrated AS a religious holiday, and decided to start a linky to inviting those who celebrate St. Patricks Day as a Holy Day, not just a holiday, to share their ideas, traditions, crafts and reflections on St. Patricks Day.
Frankly, it’s a bit of 1980s synthpop that is completely tolerable. In fact, it skip tolerable and goes straight to brilliant. It defines what makes pop music great.
If you want to live a more minimalist lifestyle to try and simplify your life I applaud your decision. You are going against the mainstream in doing this.
These two things must necessarily go together. There is no believing without following. There is no John 3:16 without Luke 9:23.”
What is the Gilmore generation, you might wonder?
Adult learners benefit from being able to take the OSHA 10 Hour Training Course online, because of their special circumstances and the way adults learn.
Spinning in circles.
The book starts on an erotic note about wife satisfying herself with husband reading on the bed on the side and just keeps going downhill from there. It is very confusing going back and forth about their relationship that is wild, unpredictable and complete nonsense to me. I was still trying to continue reading to make sense out of the book. When I reached the part where husband is monitoring a cooking contest and one of the contestants start filling his body with the food with the help of surgeon and readying himself to cook on fire, I realized it was enough, Yuck, Yuck, Yuck and almost feel like puking.
Hopworks Urban Brewery: DiaBlato = A
But you know what? Although I would NEVER tell that student this, it was essentially because of her absolutely horrible and nasty and hateful tweets about me that really got under my skin that made me take the first step. I stopped looking in the mirror saying I couldn't do it. I stopped saying I wouldn't do it. And I haven't looked back since January 17th.
Tonight Kevin and I painted over the words "Aiden's World" in the nursery. This was a task we have been dreading since the day we found out I was pregnant. A task we've been able to avoid until now because we want Little Kevie to come home to a room that's complete, otherwise we may never have changed it which would have ultimately caused me a great deal of guilt.
As mentioned some of the filling out was done with the coil of cables. I also added another pouch between the coil and armour plate, made in the same basic way as the one made for the front of the body, described in the body post. The opening is here hanging to one side and I also added the ends of a string. This was made with a thin length of greenstuff, which as far as I remember I folded halfway along and attached to the neck of the pouch at that point.
Crush 6 cups berries and brown sugar in a large bowl with a potato masher. Fold in the remaining 4 cups of berries and let sit at room temperature until sugar has dissolved and berries are juicy, about 30 minutes.
Chloe, meanwhile, was engaged in her own pursuits. I had come home early to avoid an icy commute, so she kept me company while I did some mostly mindless work, eating (and annihilating) a couple of Cutie oranges while chatting about Chloe things. When I needed to concentrate, she got cozy on the couch with a couple of books. She spent some time with "Historic Haunted America" and then switched to "Anguished English: An Anthology of Accidental Assaults Upon Our Language." Every so often she would share one of the more amusing assaults, such as the headline "Juvenile Court Tries Shooting Suspects." I think my favorite was the sign from a Paris hotel elevator: "Please leave your values at the front desk."
That was starting to really get under my skin.
I sprint to kind of shock my system every week or so, and wake things up. I'm not very good at sprinting yet. I'm working on doing it for longer periods of time over the next few months.
This straightforward by using a helping the toughness for your pocket.
08-12 Vancouver, Canada – Queen Elizabeth Theatre
Pour the syrup into a clean bottle, cap or cork the bottle and refrigerate. It will store for quite a long time in the fridge.
He links the myths about black soldiers resurrecting to other myths:
-chia seeds
Inspire me to walk with you on the wind
Radio Cornwall has just reported that Eric Pickles and the Conservative & Liberal Democrat Coalition Government have won the Appeal Court hearing regarding the proposed incinerator at St Dennis.
If this is you dear Mother, I have something special to share with you.
While in my zone, some thoughts came to mind. Today was a perfect day to run. The path was clear and level and the sun was shining. There were no storms impending, no howling winds blowing. There are no hills at the lake, no uphill climbs what so ever. I thought, God, I am only able to do this today because the conditions are perfect? What am I going to do about those hills, the wind, the cold and whatever else may come my way in the future?
It’s the saga of a man preaching a vision from a grand stage constructed from nothing but swamp gas and dime store illusions and how no one, from book publishers and editors to famous TV news people to print and TV interviewers caught on to his real identity.
If you can find a job and not be tired of working,
Tonight I'm breaking out two new beers from Brewdog for scrupulous examination; AB:08 and their collaborative brew with Lost Abbey - Lost Dog.
she is here and one VERY shabby chic Tilda
I removed a shrub using nothing but a pair of old kitchen scissors and my bare hands.
“Given the fact that it’s an episode where I have a bunch of serious stuff to do and some big scenes, I’m comforted to know that the director is someone I know pretty well.”
Just for fun. Just to see how it works...
AAAAAWESOME.
They found an increasing number of salmon were killed over the migration season, from 9% in early spring when the sea lice population was low to 95% cent in late spring when the sea lice population was higher.
The other three men looked at him questioningly and then turned to retrieve more loaded magazines.
At once , the wind stopped its fierce howling, and the sea was completely calm. Only then did he turn to ask how they could be so afraid, to comment that they had so little faith.
I bet not. I mean, we aren't even covered against earthquakes, because they never happen here. Yeah, right!
Now on to the fun part!!!
I expected something great, or at least something to enrich my appreciation of Shakespeare. Instead I found myself shuffling through pages of self-love and careless claims, thinking, “There are some great facts in here, and I love the idea of this book; I just wish it was a different book.” Honestly, you may be better off reading this page out of a young woman’s moleskine that circulated the internet a few weeks ago. Marche seems to be more interested in how he says things than what he says; in other words, his attempt to make his prose exciting often overwhelms moderation, or logical consistency.
The book is divided into two sections: ALONE and TOGETHER. There are eight chapters and, having only read the first chapter I said to my wife, “You know, there's enough stuff in this one chapter for me to talk about; I don't even have to read the rest of the book.” She pointed out that that is exactly what some reviewers do but reminded me that I wasn't one of those and neither I am so here's a few tasters that jumped out at me from the first few chapters.
Let's start from the very beginning. 'Digital' means relating to or made from numbers. In terms of information technology, it means anything that can be reduced to the binary state of being stored as 0 and 1, or 'charge' and 'no charge' on a magnetic disk, tape, yadayadayada. A paper book has extension in 3-D space and cannot be stored as a sequence of 0s and 1s. However, it is produced (these days) from computer files that are digitally stored. You could see distributing and consuming books in digital form as a way of cutting out the final stage (paper). That's effectively what an e-book does.
Stamp: House Mouse Birthday Cupcake
Here's another disturbing quote from the article:
This process had been made more difficult by the fact that most formal identification had been taken from the bodies mostly by the Germans, who had forwards this on to the Red Cross, so that the families of the dead could be informed that their husband, lover or child had fallen and lay amongst the bodies of his comrades in a foreign field.
A Flat City records the impressions and experiences of Christchurch’s creative community following the February 2011 Earthquakes … Covering 13 episodes, A Flat City covers the emotional, social, financial and creative aspects of the disaster, highlighting the creative responses of those affected, and discusses the rebuilding process from the alternative/creative community’s perspective.
First, there's one about how brewers are jumping on the "session beer train" by using the word sessionable. Well, as of yesterday, I'm not using that word anymore, and I give my reasons why.
Warm fondles melt in the effervescence
1/4 tsp black pepper
I just have to keep up this motivation.
Smile a LOT babies.
I haven’t had any bunny allergies until today. I guess eating birthday cake and drinking coke and getting up close and personal with Walnut didn’t help. When I tried to get Finn switched over to our food today, I think it upset his tummy. I might have to go a half an hour out of my way to go get a bag of his usual stuff to tide us over till his new stuff gets here. He actually whined his tummy hurt so bad. Poor little Finn!
Neil Young Rocking in a free world US
I was a little annoyed with the cops and the system throughout this novel, though; it almost seemed like the cops and security people had no idea what they were doing. There were many times that I yelled out at them as I read because their mistakes were too often and too obvious, but even so, their errors help fuel help fuel the story. Three stars.
It really has been horrible.
Like Bessho, Osumi was also born in Shizuoka on October 26, 1965. An accomplished stage actor, he has appeared in the Japanese productions of Snoopy!! The Musical (2001) and Saturday Night Fever (2003). He is an avid skier.
it's veneer and had a few chips and i just wasn't that into the hand painted flowers these days.
I don't mind. Pink for both?
Maintaining your own blog (at least once a week) - increasingly expected by publishers
Funny, after having had such a long pause due to trying times, I have come back with this need to channel kindness and the Christmas spirit. Believe me, it has not been easy and I really have to try to take my own advice to my kids. The world is not always fair, bad things happen to good people and sometimes you just have to turn the other cheek. I have to say that we have been fortunate and have much to be thankful for. Good things have come our way and that is what matters most. It is not my place to punish people, sadly many of them do bad to others simply because they feel bad about themselves, and so should be pitied.
I first tried Sake about 3 years ago. It was mental and it really messed me up for some reason. After I had my first few sips I felt like I had become instantly drunk - in an amazing way - it was crazy. This beer smells like that. *Danger!* Quite nutty with woody hints, some Belgian dark fruit malt flavours too in the aroma.
Magical. Honestly, that's the only word that I can find to describe our most recent adventure. Cheesy, I know. But it truly was. For a week we were able for forget about "real life" and just enjoy the time we had. Like most of our adventure's this too was a little spontaneous and spur of the moment. We had been discussing for a long time about taking a "big" trip, just the two of us. We went back and forth of what to do and where to go. Originally it was a cruise, then possibly Mexico, even CA was thrown in the mix. Finally about 3 weeks prior Mike said "why not Hawaii?" Yeah, why not? Kristie offered to watch the kids since she had this summer off so we figured that we have to take advantage (long story short, my parents ended up coming but Jeff and Kristie came over every night to help and hang out.) This window of opportunity is a VERY small window. The chance to go somewhere without kids may not rise again, for a very long time.
In Hebrew’s 12 it says that it is for discipline that we endure. In fact, it comes right out and tells us that God is treating us like His children. And as Hebrew’s says, what child is there that a father does not discipline?
In addition, the option of grilling was becoming less likely as the smell was beginning to register in my brain as belonging to the fishy family of odors.
ONDERSTEPOORT: Elderly deaf woman overpowered by two black attackers, but interference sees both arrested.
If you would like to find out more about how Now Training can save your company time and money please just call Tony on 01920 460211 or email: tonym@nowtraining.co.uk
All I know is that I really feel like I can't do this anymore.
I’m the reason your kingdoms will fall, I am responsible for the failure of them all. Doubt, cheat or betray and you shall be mine! Agony, pain and suffering are all my own they rule my army of lost souls.
grand finale of the show held
6. When I get around people who have a strong southern accent I draw mine out, unintentionally. Justin always gets onto me about it!
The last thing to develop physiologically in a child/teen/young adult is the frontal lobe. That part of the brain is the cognitive thinking part and determines with critical thinking and reasons that a+b=c. A being action, b being reaction, c being consequence. Until that development, there is no a+b=c. There is simply experience (don’t touch the hot stove) and influence (peers and media).
Jessica leaned over and pulled a strand of Rachel's hair.
No point in hanging about admiring the plumbing and the rigging - off we go. We head southwards along the coast of Corfu - seeing our eventual destination, Paxos, in the the far distance. We then turn east and over the Ionian to mainland Greece where will moor overnight at Plataria.
The rail route to Littlehampton from London is somewhat circuitous but is a pleasant enough ride as long as you are not in a hurry. We first took a train to Gatwick and there boarded another that would take us to Littlehampton – provided we sat in the correct half of the train, which divides into two parts at Worthing. This train skirts the city of Brighton and calls at its sibling, Hove, after which it trundles along the coast to Littlehampton, offering interesting views along the way.
Sharing here:
Verder een randpons van Martha Stewart gebruikt. De vlinder is eveneens een pons van MS. De swirl is een Doohickey van Magnolia.
2 tablespoons real maple syrup
I want to return to a time when life was simple;
Each night, as I lay down to rest, I feel You draw near. Ready to burst into my mind and take me on exciting adventure! You allow me to remember You even as I rest!
Watch this space, i will hopefully be able to gather my own thoughts about it here.
I was contacted by one of the administrators of the Morley Freecycle network recently to ask if the English Democrats would be supporting them, and I am very happy to give a plug to this group here.
Despite the lack of nourishment
It's not even November and the winter beers are rolling out. This is one of the first I've seen in these parts. I had one last night and I am saving the rest for colder winter nights. I find it sort of odd that Deschutes released this beer in Texas when we only get two other beers from them (black butte porter and mirror pond pale ale) and this is a seasonal. They have many other year round beers I wish they would distribute here. Maybe this is a sign of more to come. Or maybe this is being released because it an important beer in their lineup: the first they ever bottled, according to their website.
Needless to say, you bet I was excited to hear about the Thoroughbreds for All Event- On the RRTP site,”Thoroughbreds For All! is an evening of education and fellowship for people who favor off-the-track Thoroughbreds combined with an invitation for equestrians to shop in Kentucky for the Thoroughbred of their dreams.” Stueart Pittman of the Retired Racehorse Training Project, and the most recent display of the ex-racehorse proving it’s aptitude and train ability in the Retired Racehorse Trainer Challenge, with New Vocations Racehorse Adoption Program hosting the event, put together what was described as a combination of market and education.
“Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age. There’s an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it’s God’s own wind none the less, and a cleaner, better, stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared.”
1. Set up the darkroom and prepare the working solutions of the chemistry.
One particular spot had such a profound effect on me, in fact, that it inspired me to begin writing a whole series of books. That spot was located in Powell River, British Columbia.
We’re aware that some users are experiencing an error when accessing their Gmail. We’ve implemented a fix and users should be able to access their mail shortly. We apologize for the inconvenience. Thanks for your patience.
One chapter of The Dolorous Passion dwells on the Harrowing of Hell (otherwise known as the Descent into Hell) and makes for quite and interesting read - especially Emmerich's prophecy concerning the unchaining of the Devil, which she claimed would happen during the middle of the twentieth century. Many would argue that the period from the 1940s onwards was probably the most hellish in human history - both politically and within the Church itself.
Her house was BEAUTIFUL!!! They got it ready for the birthday and it looked great! Her husband's brother put everyone to shame- he set up the whole thing!
Having looked through old local newspapers I cannot find any reference to Glan Conwy Council being subject to election since the end of the Second World War (with the exception of me and Dan standing in a by-election last year).
I had an issue with the washing machine, however, and after a few months of living here I called our landlord. He graciously drove over here to find out why the washing machine agitator was not agitating, but only going in a circle. This is a problem, you see, because that means the clothes are only spinning around in a circle in soapy water, and not really getting clean. I had this dilemma at our old house, you remember, and I hoped that I could be the fix-it woman again. But the solution to this one was not as simple.
with one enormous secret tucked inside my head.
I don't know how or why but it came back to the post office....and to me.
My husband and I are so grateful to have had a lot of showings lately; but unfortunately, no contract yet. Those of you who have been in my situation before can understand the unending frustration of the "showing" game. Running a business from home, maintaining a spotless house 24/7 AND having to leave at a moments notice is challenging to say the least!
may start working on it shortly, I just wanted to concentrate on this
He could shoot himself for saying that. He could shoot himself for a lot of things. He can’t lie that the thought of his gun in his mouth hadn’t comforted him. Briefly. It should have been him any way.
Items in italics are quoted from the press release
Buyuden #53: Take didn’t recognize Moka because she got a little chubbier so she decided to go on a diet. Take kinda figures out it was her and she looks for her.
Were you brought up that way?
“Abby, you know we can’t afford to go to Mars!”
Here is a little view of my "German Wellness Plan" the past week.....
Oh God, cover we beseech Thee, with Thy feathers, all the people of
The website it is from is a really good one, so make sure you check out some of the other articles on there as well.
I'm used to poor service. Waitstaff in Africa do not work for tips. They are given a salary and an automatic 10% for service is added to your bill regardless of how you, as a customer, were cared for. We will still leave extra on the table if we are pleased with the service but I don't know that it is received as a compliment or how they look at it. It makes us feel better, however, to try to give something.
Chocolate Ganache Frosting
Why is it so hard to imagine a child in this light? To appreciate, show consideration or appreciation, esteem for their sense of worth or excellence.
Outfit Details
...hubby and I recently took the morning off to
I really haven't done a good job of explaining this. As I said, I should have written this earlier when the images and thoughts were fresh in my mind. But I tried, and I'm glad I finally got the change to write it out.
She took a step towards him, her mind heavy and thick again.
Each book comes with a new introduction from Max (aside from Mourn the Living, which includes the intro from the Five Star Press edition) and new covers by some guy named Mills....
I decided to take a previously published book from my own publishing imprint (Aquarius Communications Publishing) to use to test out the software. ‘Thais’ was published ten years ago and it seemed a perfect time to re-issue it for publication as a single book again. It was part of my last published collection of fiction, Filigree & Shadow, and was consistently a highlight of many reviews of the book.
September 23, 2010 the US Food and Drug Administration issued a safety alert concerning an investigation of patient burns associated with electric dental handpieces and electric oral bone-cutting handpieces, however this is not the first time they have had to do this.
But amazingly the four-year-old boy - helped by his older brother - went to bed with his stump wrapped in a towel.
They will feel they are being torn apart and they
The closure is necessary for crews to put an epoxy overlay on the bridge over US 10 and complete work on the bridge approaches.
The idea for the museum formed in February of 1998, when police commissioner Howard Safir and the Alliance for Downtown New York donated $5 million in return for a new station in the area, but the plan was quickly abandoned by Mayor Giuliani when New Yorkers claimed that a richer area of the city was buying police protection. A month later, however, a non-profit organization was created to raise money for the project, and the museum was able to open in April 1999 around Bowling Green. In January 2002, the museum moved into the landmarked building at 100 Old Slip, which had been abandoned since a police corruption scandal in 1977, seeing it as an opportunity to connect with the Department's past. Renovation of the building was over $4 million, but exhibit space increased by close to 45%.
After reading about Montana and looking at a ton of gorgeous pictures, I certainly understand the sentiments behind that thought for the day. I mean, the Treasure State may have gotten its nickname because of a wealth of gold, silver, and sapphires, but its true treasures lie in all those big wide open spaces and beautiful scenery. Big Sky country, huh? Big mountains, too. Not to mention caverns, rock formations, lakes, dinosaur fossils, and ghost towns. And more species of mammals than any other state in the whole durned country. This big 'ol state has a population of only six people per square mile, and boasts a larger number of elk, deer, and antelope than people. Sound like heaven? Well, they DO have grizzlies, too.
I’m not sure what to make of the name ‘Miss Walls’ but the language used here suggests she’s talking to very young children, perhaps as young as five and yet if he’s been already collecting frogspawn for years that feels incongruous, not right. Also the fact that the second stanza begins “one hot day” and not “one year” suggesting the passage of a decent amount of time makes me wonder just what age the kid really is. The loss of innocence is something we tend to associate with the move from puberty to adolescence but perhaps it is really something we lose gradually over many years. When the teacher talks about the frogs she anthropomorphises them – they become ‘mummies’ and ‘daddies’ – and perhaps this is the moment when the fact that he has captured and imprisoned their children hits home although we never learn what happens to the tadpoles it should be noted.
Todd and Manchee, out near the swamp gathering apples one day discover a "hole" in the noise. It terrifies both boy and dog and when Todd's adoptive parents hear of what he's found, they hand Todd a bag that they've had packed and tell him to run. Everything he knows is a lie, they say. He is in danger, especially from Aaron, the Prentisstown preacher. He needs to head back to the swamp where, he'll "know what to do." But Todd doesn't know what to do and most of his journey is spent with trying to figure out what that is. New World gets even stranger as he and Manchee race through it, pursued by an inhumanly persistent Aaron and the ugly past of Prentisstown.
Scaffolding Towers Review: The Popular Mini Fold Model
Sarah Ellis' assessment of the intrigue surrounding the Titanic is absolutely correct, except for Dorothy Wilton, who (fictionally) had a space on the Titanic and wishes she hadn't. In fact, she'd rather not talk about it at all. So starts That Fatal Night, just weeks after the disaster, with twelve-year-old Dorothy Wilton having been sent home from her Halifax school for injuring a classmate, Irene Rudge. Dorothy had slapped Irene, but Irene probably sustained greater injuries when she fell back and hit her head. Now the principal has sent Dorothy home for the remainder of the school year. Miss Caughey, Dorothy's classroom teacher, gives her a blank notebook in which to write about what happened that spring, and visits Dorothy regularly to check her progress.
“Um huh. I left it and every time I passed it afterwards a part would be missing. I took the tags when I left it, and eventually it . . . just disappeared.”
MARY LOUISE PARKER (Mr. Wonderful)
Although Sunnis initially tolerated the growing clout of the Alawite community, resentment resurfaced when Hafez al-Assad, an Alawite and the father of the current president, seized power in 1970. When he proposed a new constitution three years later that mandated a secular state and allowed the presidency to be awarded to a non-Muslim, Sunnis protested across the country. In early 1976, with religious tensions flaring, the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood launched its uprising against what it called the “heretic” Alawite regime. The Alawites, harboring their long-standing fear of rejection and persecution by the Sunni community, rallied around Assad. The two sides hardened for battle, and over the next six years Assad relied on his sect to beat back the Brotherhood revolt.
So. What gives?
Blouse (Simon Chang), skirt (Bianca Nygard), shoes (Tsubos), necklace (Grandma J, vintage 70s or 80s, Anne Klein), earrings (Aldo Accessories).
Terrence Malick, The New World
that’s no good, for sure we know.
Police sources said the Italians, Moharana and Parida reached Daringbadi on March 12 and ventured into the forest. The vehicle driver, Debendra Mohapatra, dropped the guests and returned.
He chortled in his joy.
Ah, it's late, and there has been quite enough discussion about my digestive tract and the bowels of my family. To bed with my sandy, smelly self.
But she did not tell me what to do when men break down and lie
What’s your favorite library memory?
Luv CHRISSYxx
Most of the posts I've read about this kind of homemade soap say they use around 1-1.5 T of soap per load, depending on how dirty the clothes are...I'll let you know how it goes.
Would Arjuna win Draupadi at her Swayamvar yet by some strange boon share her with his brothers?
The second mistake Alain de Botton makes is in supposing that the construction of a temple like the one he proposes is important in order to highlight human feelings such as love and friendship. Again, he overlooks the evidence around him. Parks in London in the summer fill up with happy families playing with frisbees, cycling or improvising a five-a-side. Go to the City of London to pay my dues to the God of Friendship? Nah, mate! I'd rather go down to my local. Even for a teetotal like me, there's still the food, the ambience and the camaraderie.
4. Turn your panel and carefully score your stripes in the width you desire.
Well, let’s see. When I questioned Mayor Booker (on his radio show, Newark Today) about this partnership with Nestlé he responded, "There are no strings attached" but Nestlé's true agenda is quite apparent. When the Mayor was filmed accepting Nestlé's check of $100,000.00, he was standing in front of a background covered with Nestlé/Gerber logos and the Nestlé's press release had pop-up ads for formula, coupons, rebates, Baby Club etc.(direct violation Action 6: Surgeon General’s Report)
While I was reading the latest issue of NailPro Magazine, I came across an article about some of the hottest gel-manicure colors, all surrounded by themes of the beach. Of course I had to share this with you! One, it's NAIL POLISH. Two, it involves the BEACH.
The native birds became extinct in the early 1900s.
$40
the food arrived, but i like the “food” seated next to us and not the food served to us. i tossed and turn in my chair so i can look at these guys but i still can’t get a good angle. thai and angelo was continuously talking about their travel plans next year… i just listened to their conversation. their words were just too superficial for me at that moment. finally i gave up peeking and for 15 minutes i attended the needs of my stomach. i immediately finish my part and started tossing and turning again…total failure! the food was not a big deal, but these guys are my future.. my future “hada.”
It went like this through each family member until they reached her super cute teenage daughter. Then it went like this:
Using the Blast off line was so much fun and what is so nice is that the papers are actually quite versatile, it may look at first glance like a range for younger children but the more subtle patterns on the backs of the papers are perfect for older kids and teens too! :)
42 37 09.25 , 71 29 28.49
Back to the more savory of this truffle duo. The best place to get the most truffle for your buck is Masa in the Time Warner building at Columbus Circle. This stately Japanese restaurant sprinkles the magic mushroom (no, not that magic mushroom) on quite a number of its dishes, from the uni risotto to its sushi and even its cool ice cream. Truffle ice cream?? Now that sounds like something you have to try at least once in your life. Despite the uni (sea urchin) being a strong flavor in the uni risotto, it doesn’t overpower the dish, and instead mixes perfectly with the black truffle; everything about this dish just screams lush and decadent. The truffle sushi is a nigiri piece of sushi rice rolled in shavings of black truffle, completely enveloping the whole piece of sushi in truffle flavor. Of course, all this truffle indulgence will set you back a pretty penny: there are rarely any items on the menu that are less than $50. So, if you are happy to lay down quite a few Benjamins to partake in the heaviest truffle experience of your life, Masa’s the place to do it; but don’t expect an easy dine-and-dash routine here.
I could smell a different earth.
The children who had the session in the morning listened to this talk and looked at the sculpture. By the afternoon, this section of the tour had been dropped. There seemed to be a view (that of some parents accompanying the trip? Or the teachers? I don't know) that the content of the talk or the statue itself was inappropriate for young children.
If God called Moses as His chosen vessel and reacted that way to those who doubted, is it any different with the apostle Paul today?
Take it back 6'19
Recipe:
I do, I want to live the rest of my life as a Daughter of Thunder!
I was on baby donkey watch for a while. I cannot believe Molly Isabelle has not had her baby.
Processing was easy, the image was perfectly exposed, no burnt sky, but the sky was a bit too bright, so after an enhancement with Photoshop HD filter use, slightly flattening the detail and toning down the colour.
You don't forget how beautiful the world is, or want to do any less good.
Thank you to Simon & Schuster UK for the review copy.
While Harry’s enjoying the perks of pop stardom, his mum Anne Cox hold heat last week that he’s not a “jack the lad”, but he’s simply not ready for a serious relationship yet,
Julie M. Geis, 44, Lees Summit, Mo.
We had a low-key 4th weekend here - a few cocktails (yay for fresh mint mojitos and juleps), grilling out, fireworks and a whole lot of humid weather! I bought 2 of those pre-made pizza crusts (so easy) and Friday night sauteed fresh shrimp and had a garlic/shrimp/basil pizza. Oh yum! Then Sunday, I made pesto and layered it with a few chopped tomatoes and mozz - again yum. I love being able to just throw on some toppings, bake and dinner is prepared!
you continue to let those past wrongs define the person. you bring them up. you don’t let the person move on. you don’t really make room for them to change, because you have drawn permanent conclusions.
And let go of what I’ve done
I shoveled as well as I could, but my back is bothering me and it isn’t helping that my tailbone still hurts. By late afternoon I had the driveway cleared enough to get the car out if I need to; then the plow went by and blocked me in again.
His mother was a child-bride married to a British Army veteran. Jack Hindon had one sister, Margaret, and the family moved frequently, either because his father was restless or because his mother followed the available work. He joined the British Army like his father, but he absconded after a beating by his officer. This happened while in Durban, Natal, which was at that time a British annex.
Happy Friday! Hope you've had a great week. I had a sinus infection and strep throat, and I'm just now getting back to all the things I've let slide over the past few days. Let's just say I'll be spending a lot of time in the laundry room.
Not to mention, it's also a great way of expressing your feelings, whether you're the one writing the lyrics or simply listening to them.
“I think the protection of civil liberties is very important but I also don’t want any of us to just dismiss the idea that this can help prevent crimes and solve crimes, because it does,” Adams told the audience at City Council today.
They appear harmless but are not
When I asked Dylan what he wanted to take in for his birthday snack (which was today), can you guess what he said? If you guessed COOKIE CAKE you are correct! I promised him that he would finally get to eat a cookie cake at school.
and free us from all ills,
What is it, anyway, other than a concept/feeling/scenario we create for ourselves? How often do we use it as an excuse for not doing something? For not experiencing a new situation or meeting new people. Willing awkwardness into existence limits us more than it reflects us. Living without it requires accepting things for what they are, our moments, our interactions, and our acquaintances.
It's exciting, action-based stuff, to be sure, but what really grabbed me about it - and reminded me strongly of the new look Galactica - was the disenchanted timeliness of its message. You might call it cynical, but I prefer just to see it as terrifyingly credible ...
How 'bout you?
by Alia Thabit
Nothing special happens but our hearts are light and joy can be felt in every cell of our bodies. Songs are constantly in our heads and our feet are dancing every step we take.
Word, love be
That “I can call Coach Richt at any point” line ought to be pretty effective on the recruiting trail. So should the fact that in this last NFL draft Georgia had as many players’ names called as just about any program in the country (seven overall, which was second to Alabama’s eight).
It’s probably because I’ve never been in the arena.
4) Kaleidoscope (Suite)
For I handed on to you as of first importance what I also received:
CD 3
Start off your increase in vegetable intake with our new recipe below: Spinach Tofu Quiche!
That is the precious gift I receive each week, starting on Friday and ending with Saturday night. Tomorrow night, I will be once more lighting the Shabbat candles, forging yet another link in the chain that connects us to Mt. Sinai. I can hardly wait.
Prize is being provided from SoChic Boutique
Wow! I'm not sure where that came from but this is an essay by me so what's in my head goes into this narrative. Sorry. Many of us who have chosen to unschool with our children come from a thoroughly schooled background. I certainly do. Sometimes the most difficult thing to do in my personal unschooling effort is to let go of that baggage. We are explorers discovering and settling a new universe. While we may become reasonably comfortable there, our children are the true natives of this new reality. That's a difference which defies measurement. I'm ecstatic for them.
A solemn faced Mrs Pettigrew takes the books off her and thanks her.
But I have had a go at a couple of the themes as stated on the Challenges (But without submitting them)
Taking the coins to the bank was always a big production.
WHAT PROPAGANDA were the Opposition responsible for propagating? That BN practises communal politics? It’s true!
VENIGRET – 14.00
Don't have the money to do that? Me neither. So instead of driving myself crazy trying to clean up all the time, I am learning to let go.
I like this Pepsi commercial better
You were my shoulder to cry on,
I call it ‘the eaten by wolves factor.’
We have had a really relaxing weekend, just staying at home watching the tele, and today starts the new season of "Big Brother" Yay!
In the spirit of The Elder Strolls I have decided to ignore all of the adventure and conquest that Skyrim has to offer, and instead, live life as a humble NPC. I am no writer, and this is my first blog, but I love playing Skyrim, and now seek to experience it from a (much) different perspective.
"Don't aim at success - the more you aim at it and make
over the cliff.
... anger at Sir Philip Green (the 'owner' of the Arcadia group, Top Shop, Dorothy Perkins, BHS, Burton etc) for his £285 million tax dodge), Vodaphone for not paying their 1.6 billion tax bill and all the other tax dodgers. Come on you rich bastards, pay up and then we can pay nurses, the police, social care, and public workers the money they deserve instead of pay freezes, cuts and redundancies.
With White: Head
“Kinda like purple,” the boy opined.
Why are we doing this based on Grameen Foundation’s values?
Just as the both of us sunk back in our chairs in a pensive and criminal repose - trying to devise a scheme - along comes a great old pal of mine, Ju-Ju Brush.
Since starting my blog over a year ago, the creative process it’s fostered me has nudged me into new places. I’ve resigned from my “day job” raising money for an environmental non profit organization, and I’ve started a business creating clothing from recycled fabrics.
That can be satisfying, maybe. I know I’ve seen it before. Post-singularity world. If there is some sort of hope of rebuilding something of our own. As long as there is love and humanity left. If that hasn’t changed.
Yesterday, Tabletalk mentioned two benefits of Christ’s resurrection, our justification and sanctification. Today, a third benefit is mentioned, coming again from the Heidelberg Catechism. The resurrection of Christ is “a sure pledge of our blessed resurrection.” We can get a glimpse of that truth from the passage quoted above, in 1 Corinthians 15. Jesus is called “the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep.” Paul was addressing an apparent error in the chapter, one that taught that most, if not all, of the “end times” events had already happened. (There is an eschatological system today that believes this…it’s called “Preterism.”) There were many who believed and taught that there would be no physical resurrection of the dead. Some taught that the resurrection had already occurred, and others taught that it was spiritual only. Both views were heretical. “Though our spirits dwell with Christ when we die, they will be reunited with our glorified physical bodies on the last day, and we will dwell in a new heaven and earth (Dan. 12:1-2; Rev. 21:1-4).”
Using circle cutter or template, cut a 7" circle around the assembled center piece. (I could have gotten away with being less precise on the center circle seam if I had waited to cut the outer circle until now.)
In short, this requirement needs to go away, even if it means some short term pain.
Creme, wandering from vendor to vendor, entranced by the smells and colors, finally managed to get her mom to buy her a few things. A small doll, who was also wearing a blue vest. Some roasted chestnuts, because lunch was still a little ways off and they still needed to tour the city together before heading over the the Keep with the rest of the crowds, for the unvieling after lunch.
This is the man who gave many of us courage to educate our children without schooling. Something doesn't jive with this picture. Jerry goes on to report from wife Janet:
What will become of this birthday? Few phone calls from the dearest, facebook and twitter going off, spending half my day at work, and so far undecided as to what I truly want to do after. If wishes were to come true, I would want to be either back with my college family or my girls back in Saudi Arabia, either living like there is no tomorrow or having a quiet, comforting bonding time.
“If Pakistan is attacked and if the people of Pakistan needs Afghanistan’s help, Afghanistan will be there with you.”
Well, first and foremost -I was a bad blogger yesterday. It was one of those crazy, million things going on kind of days. Then when you add the heat into that equation the few spare moments I did have were spent fighting a nap that wanted its way with me all day. Oh naps - you are quite the temptress. Have no fear, I prevailed.
I chose “Half-Sized Tiger” as my title. That’s the nickname of one of the characters, Tori, that Ryan gave her as something rather rude or unpleasant. Eventually, the meaning of the nickname changes as Ryan’s perspective of Tori changes.
All these valuations should be compared to $50 billion, because this is the only number that Facebook officially confirmed. In December 2010, the company announced that it had raised $1.5 billion at a valuation of approximately $50 billion, but that it had no immediate plans for the funds and would simply continue to build and expand its operations.
was experiencing her "meltdown" as I could have been. If I hadn't been
Well, my friends, today that has changed.
The last photo is of the construction of the new World Trade Center One -- also known as The Freedom Tower -- that I blogged about in December. Everyone in New York City is watching this building at Ground Zero rise above the Manhattan skyline, floor by floor, until it will eventually be topped by a spire that will reach a symbolic 1776 feet above the ground. The events of 9-11 will never be forgotten by any New Yorker. The 9-11 Memorial that lies in the footpaths of both towers that were destroyed are a poignant sight to see. I visited them in autumn of 2011, but I still have not found the emotional strength to blog about them as yet. The new tower, however, brings a vision of hope and resilience to the New York City skyline. America will never forget, but it tells us that we can, and will, rebuild and remain a strong and free country!
The director also told the Hollywood Reporter that the snippets of footage shown at CinemaCon in Las Vegas also did not have the postproduction, such as “extensive digital grading,” that he utilized on LOTR to enhance the experience and urged fans not to rush to judgment until the work is finished.
Put in a bowl the eggs and sugar/basil. Whisk for 5 minutes, until the mix get some volume. Add the butter and keep mixing. Add the flour mixed with the salt. Mix all together until smooth.
Tan suede wedges - Moda Pelle
Colors changing as they touched,
I even have a board titled, That's French, dedicated to all things Francais on Pinterest. I would love it if you would follow me! Pinterest is like a crazy crack habbit. In a good way! ;-) Haha! Seriously, If you have not tried it, check it out!
Reichert is a veteran fantasy writer who has been publishing professionally for over twenty years, so she knows how to write readable prose, and proves it here. More than that, though, along with the story's plot involving doctors, mental patients, and terrorists, Reichert looks at how people react when they find themselves sharing their world with innately moral beings: beings who can think and feel as well as humans do, but who are primarily forbidden to injure humans or allow humans to be injured; who are secondarily required to obey humans; and who are only tertiarily required to protect themselves.
Scaborough Fair
Seriously, dear readers, this is not the end. I just need a short break. There's a LOT of stuff up in the air right now that I can't share with you, as much as I 'd like to. I suspect that in another month or two things will be more settled and I can start writing again. Just not right now.
By now I had visions of my Mean Green Sewing Machine being in bits on a workshop floor somewhere. I was quite worried! Anyway, Mr Fix-It did call back later. He explained he wanted to be given time to locate an original motor to keep the repair as authentic as possible. He had got the old motor chugging but it wasn’t going to last. I knew that this was probably the case because it blew the electrics in the house every time the pedal was pressed. He also confirmed that the foot pedal needed to be replaced which was quite correct as it had bits rattling around inside it when it left here. I agreed that original parts would be the best solution, if they could be found, on condition the price was right. He was to continue looking and given more time.
They’re much tougher questions and ones I’ve been asked by many people and seen many people ask their friends since Clarke’s scored his magical triple ton against India last week.
FN3 939 N.Y.S.2d 395, 2012 N.Y. Slip Op. 01515 (Feb. 28, 2012).
J'ai une carte masculine pour un amateur de sport. Je le trouve adorable, il a l'air de bien s'amuser!
B. Boat Party
4 - Curley Fox - Listen To The Mockingbird - 2:49
Also that the slowly changing old bloodsuckers in their decadence don't quite grok that advanced detection gear and fragmentation area effect weapons can get you no matter how vampy fast or strong you are.
“You should absolutely do that every day, not for physical reasons. Just as a human, you need that.”
What do you guys think? I'm leaning towards trains but I don't know!
Next, I look out my window and think I really should get to cleaning the moat … er, umm, pool today. Shake my head and tell myself that someday I will be able to hire a full-time pool boy, with the glistening body of Andonis, hair flowing like John Bon Jovi, with some exotic name like Sven or Mauricio…oops, did I go off topic? Okay, next I look at the huge mess that continues to pile up on my dresser and think that after writing one chapter I will tackle the mountain of papers and create some kind of logical filing system. Yep, right after I write that chapter. Next, I take a shower and go downstairs, and if not caught up in some conversation with my mom (yes…I do live with my mommy still! Well, she lives with me, and YES there is a difference). I might or might not find something to munch on, but a cup of ice water is a definite. I love to crunch ice. I then proceed up stairs and start writing that chapter, and if I do it right that could take all day. Boyfriend comes home from work, I read him my new chapter of awesomeness and amazement…watch to see if his eyes tear up…remind him this is purely FICTION and does not have any resemblance to our lives or events we have been through other than the fact that my characters breathe air and we breathe air, but the similarities end there!!! Then I go to sleep.
cannibal corpse Le Gibus,Paris, France (21-08-1994)
Recently I also discovered another peanut butter called "Better'n Peanut Butter" that is sold at Trader Joe's. Luckily there is a Trader Joe's near by. It's 2 points + for two table spoons. Still not bad. Not bad at all!
No matter what else happens in your situation, however, there are resources out there to help you through this difficult time. Just because your personal life is under pressure doesn’t mean your professional one needs to fall apart. Remember, you got to where you are because of your strengths and your ability to act under stress. This isn’t anything you can’t handle.
(CD cover for one of the albums...yes I have the season 4 album, and the Winx in Concert dvd (English versions which are mostly easy listening))
Just remember till you're home again
Hi everyone! I'm SO sorry that I've been MIA for a while. Unfortunately my beloved gran was admitted to hospital almost 2 weeks ago and then passed away suddenly just over a week ago, so everything has been rather topsy turvy ever since. :(
When it came to how Howard might get along with fellow judges Sharon Osbourne and Howie Mandel, Boots admitted things might get rocky.
I poured my mind into the past and sought out
You see, there was no time after the late Fifties when he wasn’t on TV, and even though the programs were thin wisps of nothing (there’s not much overhead on a bloopers show, is there?), he continued to hang around the dial as he raked in millions. The notion of him retiring was untenable, even when he really needed to exit the public stage,
Apart from the bouffant hair and the granny dress by Erdem she wore in Canada, the girl just can’t seem to put a foot wrong style wise in my eyes. The Jenny Packham number she wore for the charity ball, still gives me goose bumps the size of meatballs, with the colour, cut and fabric being absolutely perfect – the neckline was great too, a great choice for those with small boobies.
"The course will give you a chance to find out how TV drama, particularly Channel 4 TV drama, works, and to write, over a 5 month period, your own 1 hour pilot script for an original series or serial, working with an experienced script editor"
I can't even remember back that far. I think my memory has suffered from lack of sleep.
Be sure you plant one for yourself!
múm is basically strange and skewed childhood wonder in a bottle. In fact, the opening of their first proper full-length (Yesterday Was Dramatic - Today Is OK) seems to declare their philosophy outright: it's called "I'm 9 Today", and it forefronts tinkling bells, jittery playground laughter, toy pianos, and a whole host of other sounds designed to evoke, you know, nine-hood. It turned into their hallmark sound: strange, convoluted and glitchy electronic tracks, which play like cutscenes through the eyes of a child who knows no other state but the state of innocence.
I am going to be attending the ward now.
Avid readers Beth and Sadie wrote to ask me about hidden items and inspirations in Whispering Evil. Well girls, here they are:
with wire arms and removable Halloween baton
Later, he notices odd goings-on in the shantytown where he lives. Shadowy figures converge on a church across the street. Following them, he finds a laboratory, broadcasting equipment, and a cache of unusual sunglasses. After a surprise — and suspiciously hostile — raid by the local police, he returns to the church, and salvages a box of shades. When he actually tries a pair on, his life changes irrevocably as he suddenly perceives conspiracies all around him.
I officially ate my first green beans yesterday as well. They are growing FAST! I will have to pick the first batch this week for sure, and probably a second by next week. Dilly Beans here we come! I'll be freezing as many as I can get my hands on as well.
signs of foul play in the 48-
3T soy sauce, 2T sugar, 2T sesame oil, 2T sesame seeds(roasted), 1t pepper
A mini Cecil was born at 6:52 Friday morning the 28 of April….
Buddy was coughing a lot last night - so feel and probably have been awake since 1 am. My daughter (age 6) woke at 5.30 am and promptly threw up - she hasn't managed to keep anything down today and is currently asleep (its 2pm). My eldest is about to be portaled out (if Skylanders feature in your house you'll know what I'm talking about) to his friends whilst buddy is like the Duracell Bunny - keeps on going!
Kanika says she likes the tactile sensations of working with clay.
Hello My Crafty Friends!
I have had to look at the cost of my behavior to others and have brutally honest conversations about my lack of understanding of my own motivations and needs. It is time to be really honest about who and what I am. I know one thing I am, scared.
The learning never stops at this conference. I have never been so busy. I learned about the Chinese New Year and Russian Orthodox churches from a teacher from Beijing on the bus.
Then I found one set that puzzled me. Hester mentioned that she had just found out she couldn’t have children and that her and Zed were very upset. Zed must have been her husband. Of course, Mom’s replies weren’t in there, Hester would have those. I read more and found another note that thanked Mom for being their surrogate for their baby. Mom was a surrogate? What happened to these people?
by Mireille Louis
Isaiah prophesied of this in 6:9,10 from which Christ quoted in Matthew 13:14,15.
At the end of the morning we joined hands round the building. The last time I did this was at the Albert Hall, Miss World ?1972! And I felt the same life-affirming spirit of solidarity behind a cause.It helped to know that events like this were happening all over the country.
It took almost forty years, but the paralegal’s role in law firms is solidified. Paralegals have proved to be an invaluable resource for a law firm’s profitability, efficiency, and client service. Today, paralegals are making similar strides in the corporate world as in-house paralegals.
Until next time...and I hope it won't be such a long time...
Interview with owner/founder/curator Anyka Barber
Major Attlees own brand of Socialism, rooted in his experiences in the East End and influenced by the Guild school of thought was also deeply patriotic – this man took Turkish Bullet for goodness sake! And was one of the two last men off the beach at Suvla Bay.The mainstream of Labour opinion has never, unlike the far Left, been unpatriotic – without Attlee in 1940, Churchill may never have become Leader. Without Bevin, there may very well have been no Attlee. Attlees own conservatism on constitutional issues may be decried now, but you cannot deny his love of Crown and Country, as unaffected and honest as Churchills.
Experience: I have done this so many times before I don’t even think about how I feel so of course I am confident!
The day after battle, I went to work with some light bruising around my eye and a puffed up cheek scratched red from the friction of the ball. My co-workers would walk by me and ask, “What happened to you?”
6. Washing of the Water 4:21
Submit to the conditions.
So do Hutchison Ports want the people of Felixstowe to return to those dreary times I had to suffer. At least, now the last midweek trains leave Ipswich at around 22:30.
All in all, another great meeting.
Neither Army Painter or Vallejo are bad products, in fact both do a good job and if money is super tight then AP will serve you very well indeed. But taking in the coverage issue I would not buy AP Varnish over Vallejo, the coverage and results are just to good and I doubt you would save more than pence. However the primer is well worth considering if you need a lot or money is that tight. I think the cost to effect still favours Vallejo but it's not as clear cut. Recently my AP sprays gave out, which did I buy? Vallejo for both tasks but next time it may well have to be AP for the primer and in honesty I can live with that.
177 First Avenue at 11th Street
Polish it up, and you're good to go.
03-Flee-Rekkers - Sunburst
~No, do you know how fast I was driving?
BOND 50 showcases fifty years of Bond neatly packaged into one cool, sleek collectable box-set featuring all six iconic James Bond actors. Produced using the highest possible picture quality and audio presentation, the collection includes all 22 James Bond feature films from Dr. No to Quantum of Solace and more than 130 hours of bonus features including some new and exclusive content.
wandering school of fish no more able to
"Follow Your Heart", now in progress...
Wow,here is a wonderful 85 dollar csn giveaway that I found! So far it is low entry and it has a long time to go before it ends at the end of Jan.
The app is divided into four sections: Match Cheese which talks about cheese styles, Wine List (wine styles), some useful articles that have been published in Gourmet Traveller and some more videos. Or at least they seemed to be extra videos but one or two appear to be the same ones that you get directed to download through the previous sections.
You can find them all here, Penny Black tell me they are already shipping and you should be able to grab some any day now, or get your order in with your local PB stockist.
“Our goals at Bank Street Brewhouse have not changed: We will continue to focus on growth, quality, and consistency with Chef Matthew Weirich, Sous Chef Bernie Collier and staff. You can look forward to many good things to come from your local brewery and downtown dining emporium.”
The day before yesterday was Grandmother's birthday and I spent it looking at some of my favorite pictures of her and reading her testimony she mailed to the family. I keep it tucked in my scriptures. Thank you for such a special gift. I love you Grandmother.
are invited on issues related to any of the
It was 1 degree for a good part of the day today. After freezing our behinds off yesterday in a MLK walk when it was 10 degrees, you weren't going to get us outside today. So what is a family suffering from cabin fever to do?
And you know, something must be changing
Too busy for real blogging right now so here are a few cut and paste lyrics that are running in my head.
The Amazon subsidiary CreateSpace produced 21,819 books in 2009, while Lulu.com released 10,386. Xlibris and AuthorHouse, two imprints of AuthorSolutions, produced 10,161 and 9,445, title respectively.Bowker's press release rounds out its top ten POD book producers with few more numbers: General Books LLC, 11,887; International Business Publications USA, 8,271; PublishAmerica, 5,698 (I hate to admit that PA is tops in anything, but there it is).
There’s a gap in days here because during this time my computer died, and I wrote John a few letters the old-fashioned way with pen and paper while my computer was in the shop. I got an iPad so I could still work and keep up with grad school, and exist – and this is the first letter I wrote on it.
____________
“Alex.”
sh - sheep
And the many things you'd seen
after it was all assembled i made color copies of the invite, stuffed them in red envelopes, and off they went!
Third major change: I am going to be painting pretty much every wall in my house. And a few floors. Yep, stay tuned for that! I haven’t started yet, but THAT will be happening very, very soon.
* How do you think using the services of a literary consultancy can benefit an aspiring writer?
The Big Boss passed away on March 9th. a few months short of his 90th. Birthday...
picking that guitar clean, leaving bare
Day 29: What are your beliefs as far as where you think your child(ren) is/are. Will you see each other again?
Despite my grumblings on this blog post, I am extremely proud of her. This blog is my place to let my hair down and put out there some of my inner frustrations. The fact that she does go to school, does not have someone by her side guiding her hand at all times, and is "spot on" in many ways is celebrated...and celebrated big. I count my blessings every single day of what this child can do. I count my blessings that she is my daughter. I count my blessings of how much I love her and she loves me back. I am proud to be her mom.
Born on August 25, 1979, Tim Vaughan is one the brightest young training talents in Jump racing. The son of a car repair specialist and hobby farmer, Vaughan has ridden since the age of two, riding for his local pony club which included being a proud member of the Prince Phillip Cup Team, where he competed for Wales at the Royal Windsor Horse Show and the Horse of the Year Show at Wembley. He later show jumped and finished fourth in the Junior Foxhunters Final at the Horse of the Year Show and he also represented Wales’s Under
Sponsors of Oak City Seven include: R.A. Jeffrey’s, Big Boss, Triangle, Carolina Brewery, LoneRider, SweetWater, Aviator, Starr Hill, NC Agriculture, Johnson Lexus, Pepsi, Cheerwine, Radio 96.1, ABC 11, RedHat, Stewart, Brooks Pierce, Downtown Raleigh, Aquafina, LGBT Center, and Hardin.
LPS made a series of decisions to further exacerbate this problem in a way that would increase its market domination and revenues. It gave away business free to clients and decided to generate revenue by coordinating a network of attorneys, making its money through charging them fees. It acted as a filter between clients and attorneys handling defaults, which broke the client-attorney relationship. It then created a series of incentives to maximize speed over quality.
The worst part is that I'm angry. I hate being angry. I am currently so angry that all I can do is cry, which is really the farthest thing from productive.
He take a glaze, but still do his presentation. ‘Su?’
I don’t know why I didn’t think of this before, but GTP’s second poll is all about the D-1 football postseason and which format you’d prefer to see. For the purpose of this exercise, don’t worry about the horsetrading it would take to get where you want to go. I simply want to see what everyone likes the best.
What things did you not receive that you wish you would have?
“Please,” Alec fires back, “spare me the Freud. I might as well ask if all those vodka martinis silence the screams of the men you’ve killed. Or if you find forgiveness in the arms of all those willing women … for all the dead ones you failed to protect.”
Homemade
I had not realized until then how much I missed doing makeup on someone else.
"Over the past century, our society and economy have developed in tandem with the automobile and trucking industries. As a consequence, we have become highly dependent on these infrastructures for maintaining our way of life.
On this auspicious day I humbly wish to contemplate on one of the aspects of your transcendence that has greatly impacted me from the very first day I came in touch with you. Your presentation of the purity of guru Tattva or the principle and surrender of a disciple to a Guru, who is a personal representation of such purity was most impressive. You uncompromisingly present the truth by severing the falsehood. You teach who the guru is by your personal example.
Love the sentiments and pastel shades of your cards.Great job!Thanks
Isn't it just brilliant that more and more people choose to celebrate this night with family and friends, house parties, intimate dinners or a chilled one with a bottle of fizz and Jools on the box. It was the millennium what did it I tells ya. The overpriced tickets for pubs, clubs and restaurants (where you could puff and huff your way to midnight with the crowds fighting to get served before the bell tolled) shone a big old beam of light on how silly it all was when you can have twice as much fun at home for half the price. Who wants to spend half the night queuing to get your coat in the cloakroom and the other half queuing to get it out again? Nah, stay home and use the bed (to dump coats on of course)...tut.
Mumbling disgruntled crowd. Getting more than just annoying. (Don’t need any more frown lines)
*At the same time, the priest makes the Sign of the Cross on the book and on his forehead, lips, and breast. The people make a fist with their right hand and with our thumb we make a small Sign of the Cross on our forehead, on our lips and over our heart and silently pray, “God be in my mind, on my lips, and in my heart.” (Have the students do this and practice.)
After lessons, we headed back home, and I told the kids that it was Cereal for dinner night. Everyone (except Jake, of course), hopped up, and grabbed some cereal. I got my junk together for Cub Scouts, and made a sample Chore Chart. They looked pretty good! I was sure the boys would like them :)
He'll grill no matter what the weather, if I really want him to,
For all you non-stitching readers (you know who you are), there is some fun stuff at the end that you might enjoy but first, a stitching update.
Vive La Fête - Touche Pas
media agencies is a lie.
I feel like my work is starting to influence them. When a 16 year old admits he was glad he had chosen better... SOMETHING has to be working... so I don't care that he only chose well because I was present... at least for that snack... he was healthier for it.
Seek the truth babies. Just keep going babies.
Original Music by Nicos Mamangakis
I wish that were all. After the birth of my son (almost a full year ago? holy balls.) there was a steep learning curve. He threw us for a loop. Why was he always coughing, sputtering, and screaming? Why did his breath smell like acid, why does he hiccup all day and arch his back away from me when I try to nurse him? Don't babies like to nurse? The doctor diagnosed him with reflux, gave us a prescirption and sent us on our way. We used it, and it helped with the reflux, but not with the tummy pains. And definitely not with the mucousy, frothy green poops. Yeah, that's right, poop talk. I'll try to keep it limited.
(Cocoa Krispies, Kellogg’s Frosted Flakes, Kellogg’s Raisin Bran, Froot Loops, Apple Jacks, Frosted Bite Size Mini Wheats)
What I liked most was the drinkability. I felt I could easily have 2 or 3 and not be tired of it. Not usually likely when it comes to me and the ESB's.
On with Nibbles revisited. When we design patterns, we're always trying to find appealing fabric selections. It's fun to change things up and showcase different options. Our trunk show samples allow us play time.
The apostle knew he was facing death in going to Jerusalem. With this in mind he spoke the words found in Acts 20:24. “But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.” To him the burden of obedience to God’s calling could well end in martyrdom. If so, it would be a joy.
"His lips: how barely pink they were, the pink of the rim of the sky at winter dusk. And in the curl - in the way the upper lip rose to peaks and dipped down again, twice, like a bobbing valentine, and in the way the lower bowed out, luxuriant, lush, as if sated already from a lifetime of pleasures...."
"So I'm in a club. A couple just began fighting because I was flirting with one of them but I didn't know he had a boyfriend."
For 17-year-old Rhine Ellery, a daring escape from a suffocating polygamous marriage is only the beginning…
It feels good to be back...I just hope you all haven't given up on me.
I can see a place
Last week I came home and my first Stitchfix was waiting for me on the doorstep! Basically, for a $20 fee you sign up on their website to have 5 items chosen specifically for you and sent over to try. You fill out a pretty complete profile about your body type, size, styles you like and dislike and what you are interested in trying. It is pretty much a virtual personal stylist showing up right at your door!
It suddenly dawned on me that this ominous force has been in our presense since ancient days, and as far back as the times when the ancient Sumerian civilization was thriving. This multicultural civilization, the first of its kind, arose in the fertile Tigris-Euphrates river valley and was known in biblical times as the Land of Shinar (Babylonia). The Greeks later called this place Mesopotamia. Today it is known as Southern Iraq.
Not that long ago, the whole garden looked like those two far beds (the ones behind the cat) - full of weeds - so I am pretty chuffed with myself. It's really brought me a huge sense of accomplishment even to get this far, and to grow things is something that makes me smile.
MR. MONSTER is also an ALA QUICK PICK FOR RELUCTANT READERS.
So where’s all this going?
The screenplay written by Christopher Nolan begins with Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Arthur (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who are in the subconscious mind of Saito (Ken Watanabe) extracting information dealing with international business affairs. As their efforts fail, Cobb is approached in the real world by Saito telling him that he can clear Cobb’s murder charges of his wife if he succeeds in breaking up Maurice Fischer’s (Cillian Murphy) company. Accepting the offer, Cobb and Arthur assemble a team in order to do the job. However, Ariadne (Ellen Page) the team’s architect realizes that Cobb’s haunting memory of his wife, Mal (Marion Cotillard) poses a threat to their work. But, rather than working it out, Cobb executes the job given to him by entering Fischer’s mind. Within this individual’s mind, the team experiences unlikely scenarios that pose a great risk not only to their minds, but to their body’s as well.
Imagine you are told that there is an organization dedicated to the pursuit of truth and light. And then you are told that the leaders of this organization are all taught that if they disagree with the head of the organization then they are not capable of seeing the truth. Can you at least see the total lack of credibility such an organization has in reality? Or at least how anyone who follows the teachings of such an organization is prone to being mislead?
Kitchen gadgets are always a fun purchase and there are tons of do-dads out there for just about any job. There are a lot of these items that are a one and done type of product, where you use it once and then it goes back in the gadget drawer or cabinet, not to be used or seen again for quite a while!
Sam! "The Chief's" name is Sam.
iii) With the savings from removal of uniformed military and police, a welfare state for the elderly, the poor or trhe sick, even for soup kitchens can be funded properly.
We ran all along Hollywood Boulevard and after the turnaround at mile 7, I noticed that the runners on the other side of the course were running while carrying gallon jugs of water. “LA just can’t get any weirder!” I thought but then as I approached the water stop at mile 8, I realized why… there were no more cups at the water stops. None. So if you wanted any water, you had to stand there while a volunteer POURED the water into your open mouth. In other words, all over your body. (Thank goodness for wicking clothing.)
The only things different on this card are of course the color and I used PTI's Turning a New Leaf set and matching dies, also a different sentiment but still from the same set. I think I like the flourish on the first one better but the turquoise color combo better.
What do you think? Do things come to you when you put it out to the universe, or do you
bad news is: round two starts back tomorrow. i've heard from thousands and thousands of people that "it gets better." well, you thousands and thousands of people, you better be right or i'm coming after each and every one of you.
Work at 11.
I like to know knowledge and learn learnledge. But I get angry sometimes that my worldview isn’t presented adequately. Like I guess scientists and mathetists can get all smug with their belief that 2+2=4. But why can’t 2+2=19 or 2+2=foot massage? Why can’t it also equal that or = this? Who died and made them the king of whole numbers?
The pink coloured - close to South Australia (SA) where Adelaide is the capital.
I thought it to be a miracle that you would admit in the last two years, how I’ve been mistreated by family members. And, I have appreciated your love and support in my decision to focus on self-love separating myself from family members that cause me to be re-traumatized.
Ever since the spinal tap and chemo on last Thursday Josh has been very sick with a horrible spinal headache. He has been in bed laying flat all day everyday since Thursday. Sunday morning we went to the hospital and he had what's called a blood patch. They took blood from Josh's arm and put it up in his spine, hoping to create a blood clot where the hole in the spinal fluid sac is to help stop spinal fluid leakage. He had this done twice. His back was and is very sore from all the poking it has had done to it.
My mom read to us books that were well above our natural reading level. And thus accelerated it. ‘Reading,’ in grade school, bored me to tears. My peers were reading semi-Seussian grammar companions when I was already reading Shakespeare (only understanding a third of it at the time, but reading it all the same). My mother had a wonderful rule, which was implemented about the time the Fellowship of the Ring movie came out. I wanted desperately to see it (as did my brother), and my mother, feeling it would be too violent for my ten-year-old self, told me that I wasn’t allowed to see it until I read the whole book, thinking I would never finish it by December. Challenge so much accepted. I didn’t just read the one; I read all three. All two thousand pages of Tolkiensian glory. And I went to the movie. Mom is a woman of her word (this plan backfired on her ten years later, when I told her she wasn’t allowed to see the final Harry Potter film until she finished reading all of the books. And she did! And she loved them, just for the record).
Going back to it's roots
Whatever you mediate on will eventually come out of your mouth. If you fill your mind with the Word and begin to replace carnal thinking with spiritual thinking, the goodness of God will overcome the evil of the flesh and your word will be positive and uplifting!
Charles Barber’s story (to the best of my knowledge): In the late 1800s, the Connecticut River was used by logging companies to move cut trees to Massachusetts and Connecticut. This required men to get in the water with the logs, and fatal accidents were common. Most bodies went unrecovered due to the currents and the mass of logs in the water. However, the ghost of Sumner's Falls is said to be that Charles Barber, a young man who drowned in the river with the logs at the age of nineteen.
scrapbook circle makes scrapbooking look do-able to me -
So down they came. I may be
Wishing you a creative week, wherever you are!
First, note Jeremiah’s reliance on God. God could heal and God could save. He wasn’t relying on himself. He was relying on God. When we are treated wrongly, we can rely on God to heal us and to save us, too, even if we don’t see a way that is possible. It is God’s decision, of course, but if He decides that’s what we need, then it will be done. Second, note how Jeremiah describes God, “You are my praise.” Magnificent. He’s in a tough spot. He’s in a tough spot because God sent him there. Yet Jeremiah describes God as his “praise.” Do we do the same?
“By far the most important event in the entire rise of Christianity was the meeting in Jerusalem in around the year 50, when Paul was granted the authority to convert Gentiles without them also becoming observant Jews.”
I can't wait to spoil you after the wedding too! I'm so glad you are older than me!!!!!!!!!! Well, until June 1st comes that is.
March 11, 2012 ~ 359/365
Level 9: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 334%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
Disposable styrofoam packaging. Think Mcdonald's in the 80's.
Maisa: A bit, but it’s bearable.
Additionally, PEMRA adds:
4. Editorial freedom.
quick like. Cause I told Mom I is missin like
*** Bonus bit: Speaking of Vision of Love, remember when Mariah Carey came out with that album?! I was banana's for her and that voice! I don't think there was a bigger fan out there than me. I listened to her stuff, like all-the-time!!!
Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. And when you stand praying, if you hold anything against anyone, forgive him, so that your Father in heaven may forgive you your sins.
The beautiful and exquisitely talented Berthe Morisot had already been widowed for some time and was raising her only daughter Julie with the help of friends. Julie was only seventeen when her mother, fatally ill with pneumonia, left her this last heart-rending letter:
face-to-face and were able to just,
Marathon of thoughts
Aaron Bethune.
Take a 9x9 square cake tin, spread the olive oil over the bottom then line with prepared eggplant slices. (If you want to drop 110 calories, skip the olive oil, it doesn't make too much difference except for taste.)
I think of myself as a hop-head, but this beer was a big miss for me. The flavor profile doesn't do a good job of combining the many flavors coming from the hops, and the malt sweetness doesn't meld together at all with the hop profile. This beer rates pretty well on the beer websites, but I personally didn't enjoy this one.
Syfy Monster Island (Developer – Sneaky Games)
Yesterday morning, I drove for over an hour, through heavy rain and even heavier traffic, to reach the hospital where I was scheduled to have my insulin tolerance test. My daughter booked an authorised absence from college to attend with me. By the time we arrived, I was literally shaking with fear, trying very hard not to lose control – in a ward full of patients – by succumbing to tears. The nurse was horrified to realise that there had been a mistake; that there was no doctor there to supervise the test. It is too dangerous to run an insulin tolerance test without a doctor’s supervision, and so the test was cancelled.
Today I found a cool Asian inspired wicker shelf (which I think we might try and wall mount), some drawer knobs, a green glass vase and a wooden cannister set. These treasures set me back a whooping 13$.
We went to see mom after that. I felt like a traitor, worse. How could we do that? She was in ICU by now and heavily sedated. Her vital statistics looked very poor on the monitor. My sister stood at her side and stroked her hair. I stood at her feet and cried inside.
Anyone who can sell the idea of Liberty to a non-believer and create a True Believer will do more for the cause of freedom than any marksmanship instructor or small group leader. In our world where "relativism" makes Tyranny no better or worse than Liberty it is an extreme position to say that there IS a right and wrong, and that there IS a good and an evil, and that it is GOOD to fight against EVIL. It isn't a thousand or a million trained riflemen that make Tyrants fear the night. It is the thought that there are True Believers who oppose, who will not "be reasonable" who will not "talk it out" who will not "compromise" who will not waiver in their faith and course. Faith gives rise to action, it must, or it is not faith.
A smiling face with a shattered life
Milk Carton: 4.7 inches
You will need: 3.5mm crochet hook, 3ply or DK yarn, wool needle, stuffing, small amount of embroidery thread
Individual magi then embark on a course of study wherein their specific talents are identified and enhanced. Some magi find they have some limited ability over the elements, can move objects from a distance, or can seize control of a weaker person’s mind.
Steel is locked into a race against time, determined to find the killer before they discover yet another corpse. Can she save the lives of the town's young women - or will Geraldine become the killer's ultimate trophy?
This was an issue that the Democrat Party disingenuously fabricated and demagogued. Hopefully this revelation will throw a very large bucket of very cold water on the Democrat Party’s dishonest rhetoric.
Would you like to say something about your expectations and experiences from MBC Star Audition?
As you breathe-in focus on the feeling of the breath as it enters your nostrils
When Harlequin first launched this self-publishing service (their description), they called it Harlequin Horizons. It was a huge error of PR and marketing management. It left Harlequin open to a backlash that was heavy and swift and publishers’ organisations were quick to let Harlequin know they were trading on the Harlequin brand to mislead authors into thinking they were getting more than they were. Make no mistake, DellArte Press offers nothing more than the average author solution service and Harlequin has no more affiliation with their self-publishing wing than Pepsi has with Coke Cola. Harlequin has suggested they will monitor self-published books which prove successful with a view to acquiring them for their traditional publishing imprints. Take such promises with a pinch of salt and know, at best, DellArte Press titles will have no more than a casual and curious eye of Harlequin editors looking for potential acquisitions.
You may (or may not) remember a while ago I said we'd sold our house. Well today is the day of the big move, a day which at times over the last few weeks has seemed like it would never come. I have no idea what the house buying game is like in the US, but over here it's a joke. It takes forever, costs a fortune and no one wants to move faster than a snails pace. We placed an offer on the house over 6 weeks ago and we only managed to exchange contracts yesterday for completion today. To say I have been a nervous wreck would be a small understatement. In fact at times I have felt like I was pretty much going to lose it. Buyers threatening to pull out, sellers not providing correct information, people packing up my house when I had no idea if we had anywhere to move to. I'm a little concerned as to the effect the stress has had on Bena, I tried to control my anxiety levels, but failed pretty spectacularly in the last few days. At times I started to think that it was a big mistake moving when pregnant, give that I'm almost 8 months now, but we needed a new start. I needed a new start.
19 Gypsy Feet
So, I read THE KINDLE…and was pleasantly surprised. As advertised, it is easy to carry around, it keeps my place well, and I was able to start reading instantly. However, reading takes some getting use to. I find it oddly hard to hold and I keep accidently clicking the next-page buttons. I’m frustrated by not being able to easily flip back to reread or flip forward to see the length of a story. I’m also constantly babying it: cleaning its screen, wrapping it up, keeping it away from water, etc, etc.
Aspects of Mitt Romney: The Agony and..No Ecstasy! THIS DAY IN HISTORY: MAY 7, 1945 Missing Link in Story of Pastor Advocating Beating Effiminate Boys Cenk Reporting on the French Election from Paris Reince Priebus says he thinks ppl should be held to their promises… Barack Obama Goes FORWARD! A Word Fitly Spoken in the Right Time
Follow- @onyimanick,@jailbr3akpod
Proficiency can be assessed the same way you assessed students under a points-based system, with quizzes, tests, papers, and projects. One difference is each particular question has anywhere from one to many learning objectives associated with it. Since students can reassess on a particular learning objective, they have an incentive to use the assessment to study for reassessment. In this way the assessment becomes part of the learning process and students will read your comments and try to figure out what they did wrong.
“The quartet She’s A Beauty have just released their debut E.P Champagne & Skittles which has been produced by Martin Healy (formerly of A House). ‘ Where Is The Love’ takes a stand close by the sloppy rawness of early Rolling Stones, allied to the menace of Jim Morrison on vocals. It’s full of slicing guitars, earth-scorching riffs and nifty hooks. ‘Broken Bottles’ is a slow, sinuous ballad, with funky acoustic guitar riffage and the vocal portentousness of Jack L as it builds a Cave-like atmosphere. There are less meaningful ways of passing five minutes. ‘Jazz Talk’ draws you in with its restless rhythms and its ruthless sense of urgency. But the vocal delivery is so Jim Morrison it’s hard to keep a straight face.” – Jackie Hayden, Hot Press
The Alawites split from Shia Islam in ninth-century Iraq over their belief in the divinity of the fourth Islamic caliph, Ali bin Abi Talib, a position branded as heresy by the Sunnis and extremist by most Shias. The community began as a small collection of believers, and over the following centuries it suffered almost constant discrimination and several massacres at the hands of Sunni Muslims. In 1305, for example, following a clerical fatwa, Sunni Mamluks wiped out the Alawite community of the Kisrawan (modern Lebanon). As late as the mid-nineteenth century, in retaliation for the rebellion of an Alawite sheikh, the Ottomans ruthlessly persecuted the Alawites, burning villages and farms across what little territory they held.
At school they sliced this sausage up, dipped it in batter and deep fried it. It was then served up in greasy pools on cold plates with great dollops of cheap tomato sauce. I never ate it. (I am allergic to vinegar so not even the tomato sauce attracted me.) There was never any problem finding someone who wanted my share. They used to take it in turns around the table.
We love who we have coached
The Danish kroner and stock market had now both collapsed, prompting leaders of business and industry to act decisively to pull the country back from the brink. What exactly might accomplish this was unclear, however, given that the authority of the government itself had been greatly weakened.
We buried the fox cub a little before dusk,
The Moon quickly grew tired of covering for the Sun and, without warning, started to recede. The Sun noticed this and in its haste to return to its place left behind thousands of rays in its mortal host.
hyphenating inside my PC before end of this year and
nev er separate d
R5- (sc in 2sc, 2sc in each) around (12)
Back soon with more!
Made it – day two, no near misses, up to now, at least! So I had the same breakfast as yesterday, which I am still enjoying – not like my foray into gluten-free in 2009 – I’m unsure what has changed perhaps it’s my improved knowledge of the diet.
I finished the dishtowel off with an aqua crochet border, I think it finishes it off nicely.
I have my doubts on that. For one, there's a story circulating that Turner died in a car accident not long ago. Another says that he's retired from this enterprise and refuses to make any more films. Either way, we are spared from the follow-through on such a premise. Hopefully.
Hello buffalo check kitchen floor.... I love this! I'm also really digging that stainless, drawer-covered island topped with blue, matte, oversized pendants. There's a part of me that really wants the outer cabinets to be painted another color-- but the space overall is killin' it.
a really big-crying-moment fighting hah.
For decades Kraft’s art has dotted the cityscape of his hometown — from the playful “Penguin Court” figures on the Country Club Plaza, to the imaginative mosaic of animals adorning the McGee side of the Kansas City Public Library, to “The Family,” the long-limbed sculpture/fountain celebrating father, mother and child at the Executive Plaza Office Building, 720 Main.
You will be looking for shifting lice and eggs. Rub this into your hair and scalp three times a day. Anything must be washed to body lice, the victim came into contact with. These nit combs out there at local pharmacy stores and they are reasonably quiet. You do not want to deal with all kinds of lice: Receiving rid of lice seems to be a challenge for a lot of people affected by lice for quiet sometime now.
Cut tofu block in to the shape of a cod fish cut. Use a scissor to cut the seaweed into strips around 1 ½ cm width. Wet the seaweed strips and wrap it to the side of the tofu. Add sesame oil, light soya sauce, garlic oil, oyster mushroom and vegetarian oyster sauce. Steam the mock cod fish in high heat for around 20 minutes. Serve with white rice.
First stop was at the Mint Plaza cafe, home to the world's first five-light siphon bar.(which is apparently a big deal, besides looking extremely cool). UPDATE: And then I realized that the five-light is off to the far right in this photo. I still have no idea what the Frankenstein-looking thing in the clear box is supposed to be.
“It doesn’t matter if it is for personal gain or all in the name of Umno and BN, and it would not be right if this was the case. Even if Najib and Perkasa say that it is for national interest or national security, it is still wrong. The share market is not a washing machine where you come and launder your dirty clothes. Fundraising for political reasons should be made a No-No, and retailers should be warned first and foremost. The regulators must beef up their rules. Why are politicians still allowed to hold active roles in listed firms, should they not give these up when they are in office. Either you are a businessman or a politician. In this day and age where transparency and good governance are so crucial, don’t come and tell us you want to be a businessman-cum-politician! We have no place for you.”
Ewan McGregor has proven himself as a true international actor. From Danny Boyle’s Trainspotting (In Competition, Cannes 1996) to George Lucas’ Star Wars (2002-2005), and Baz Luhrmann’s Moulin Rouge, which opened the Festival in 2001. He demonstrated the full extent of his range in Woody Allen’s Cassandra’s Dream, Grant Heslov’s The Men who Stare at Goats (2010) and The Ghost Writer by Roman Polanski (2010). He is currently filming an HBO’s series adaptation of the Jonathan Franzen novel, The Corrections. Following in the footsteps of Jude Law in 2011, Cannes is delighted to welcome this latest representative of the British acting fraternity.
New UI:
Slowly eating all the tiny fruit that are at the base of the blossom, which they destructively toss aside to carpet this corner of the garden in blossom snow. Each flower perfect, not a sign of dying off naturally before being discarded.
And so we did. A 4 hours walk and with breaks, train / bus a totally 8 hours tour from leaving the hotel at nine am till slipping the shoes off at five pm
The lovingly named Furburger returns from the very first Brewing up Cocktails. Black and thick as night with chocolate and roasty creaminess from Great Divide's Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout, balanced with herbal Chartreuse and bourbon.
We two seem to share an inclination to 'people-watch'. Does anybody else? I can't help myself! We saw some interesting characters. And this harmless little occupation kept us going during the 8 hours that we sat around the airport, waiting for our plane to be signed as 'safe' after engine work. Eye Spy soon petered out. Not a problem- we devised secret codes for when we saw a 'Typical Brit Abroad', or someone who looked like they had a name beginning with a particular given letter. We wondered what the people in the MacDonalds queue would order, and we took great delight in observing what fashionable people were wearing. We saw a lot of young ladies with high buns, so obviously we had to discreetly hum the Bod tune to each other to sound the alert...
And his nationalism is the one thing that clearly separates Mussolini from the Leftists of today. It seems routine today, for instance, for American Leftists to hate America. Or at the least they rarely have a good word to say for their country. But one swallow does not make a summer and there have always been many varieties of Leftism (Muravchik, 2002). Mussolini's was a nationalist variety. And as any Trotskyite will tell you, both Lenin and Stalin were nationalists in their own way too. Nonetheless, Mussolini was undoubtedly to the Right of Lenin and the Communists -- but so too are most modern-day Leftists.
agreement which requires that the services not be used to infringe others' rights or for illegal
No, my addiction is to something much more benign: face soap.
Mood: Pretty good. Not too emotional or grumpy.
Kristy is an amazing boss, artist & friend. She is super generous and talented! I'm so glad to have had the pleasure of working with her stuff. Launching the Nouveau Line was so exciting and can't wait to see more of those beauties in the future! I also hope to be ODD in the future again! Til then, it is time to pass on the reigns to others so they too can be ODD!!
Unbelievable. A HIGH SCHOOL conference. Unbelievable.
Android costs $100 for phone + $38 per month with taxes = $556 first year cost. Contractually committed costs: $138
Our primary products? We’ve been authorized Toshiba Telecom dealers since our inception but we also sell Allworx and hosted IP as telecom products. We are also agents for the major network service providers; AT&T, Comcast, TDS, EarthLink and the list goes on.
At this moment he got that conquering look in his eye, one that customer service people get when they have resolved a major customer issue; and he asked me “whom did you speak with, sir.”
The day of Easter holds nothing special for me.
It's obvious....that this blog has come to it's natural end. I may begin a new blog...and if I do I will post the link here. But for now...this blog is over. There are so many new and exciting things going on in our family that a simple blog post just can't handle it all. :-)
Over the years there have been various herculean efforts to save the turtles, most notably by the Dundas Turtle Watch which “identifies, monitors and rescues turtles at risk from traffic, and protects nests from predation wherever possible.”
I invited Nash. He was super excited
“Move!” Schuyler ordered flatly. Turning, she used herself as a human shield and returned fire with her rifle. Then she stopped and hauled ass.
Web Site The shed (or under the verandah)
Here’s what I remember of my days at the Sacred Heart Day Nursery:
I wasn't sold on introducing a new color to the room... as that requires other changes to be made.
Close to the skin is the etheric aura. It is seen as a pale, narrow band that outlines the body, usually no more than half of one inch wide. It looks like pale smoke clinging to the body. This is the visible part of the etheric body in it's contracted state. During sleep the etheric body expands greatly and opens to absorb and store cosmic energy. The etheric is better named the vitality sheath or energy body. After sleep, it contracts, forming a dense sheath around the body close to the skin.
Knudson reports: “Gary Strader, an employee of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, stepped out of his truck near a ravine in Nevada and found something he hadn’t intended to kill.”
Our next challenge will be February 24th.
I began to accept that perhaps my squirt was never going to be working, to the point that when I started selling BBH I would tell customers that while I had heard the squirt was good, I had lived for almost 2 years without it.
The review copy came from our home library. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
Because my husband and I never get to have the “normal” family time that other families have…
The distinguished pedagogue lamentably reminded the class that Bartholomew Goodfellow's rule had been agreed upon by one and all, and reluctantly demanded that whomsoever was responsible for the alleged theft should immediately stand to their feet, step forward and present themselves before the entire class to receive the prescribed punishment ... the old man unquietly hoped and prayed for the sake of the guilty party that he or she would simply remain quietly seated ... but to his dismay, little Melvin Proctor wearily rose to his feet and slowly plodded to the front of the room ... Melvin was a scrawny, underweight young boy who came from an unfortunately poor family which lived in a dilapidated shack near the head of Mill Hollow ... his father had been killed in a war that Melvin never had come to understand ... since his dad's untimely death, Melvin's mother had always told the skinny child that he was now the man of the house, and that he should conduct himself accordingly ... well, Melvin was now being that man, and conducting himself accordingly ... ragged clothes ... growling stomach ... hollow gaze and all ... he looked right up into the glaring eyes of Bartholomew Goodfellow and told him that he was sorry for taking his lunch, and that he would somehow make it right, he then added that there had been no food at his house for nearly a week, and that his baby sister had been awfully hungry and had cried herself to sleep each night ... Melvin went on to say that he could no longer bear to hear his little sister sobbing because of hunger, so he had swiped a lunch so she would have something to eat that night ... prepared to accept full responsibility for his actions, Melvin removed his threadbare shirt to reveal a skinny torso -- his spine and rib cage clearly protruding through thin, pale skin ... as he bent over to brace himself against Mister Crabtree's old oak desk the piteous sound of huge tears could be heard dropping onto the dusty planking of the classroom floor ...
and this is performed by
Do not reprove me in your anger, LORD, nor punish me in your wrath.
I feel like a project some big developer has saved for his/her last meal. They have filed away plans, ideas, and planks of wood, bags of concrete and sand, steel girders, rolls of wire, insulation tape, roof tile and floorboards. Everything but the actual bricks, windows and doors – now, it seems, they’ve fallen off the back of some wagon and I’m all ready to go.
Simmons’ canned comment:
Jack told me he would meet me at the top. I am late but he does not come. I stand and the crowd pushes me. The voices whisper and he does not come. I stand as teenagers bundled up against the snowless cold shove flyer after flyer for clubs I will never visit into hands that are not held out and the voices whisper and he does not come. I stand as the Big Issue seller who thinks he is Bob Marley serenades women who do not want to hear with songs about peace and love and the voices whisper and still Jack does not come.
Day 18: drink - a photo of some Pisgah Pale Ale while watching Zombieland on our friend's outdoor movie screen. The weather was nice enough that a sweatshirt and thin blanket kept the chill off. It was great spending time with some of our oldest & favorite Charlotte friends.
Here are some other hairstyles that I've pinned..
We need to spend a day in our pajamas . . . or bathing suits. It seems a shame to run the sprinklers without some tow-headed child running through them.
Curtains open. There are two large (cardboard) flower pots centre stage (apparently empty) with a weed between them. Weed knocks on each flower pot and Bill and Ben emerge.
In memory of white-doggy
Perhaps it goes without saying, but having to return to work after this revelation (and after a fabulous 3-week honeymoon) felt more like being hauled into jail than it ususally does after a vacation. Unlike jail, however, my one phone call was to a shrink, who had been recommended to me months before and whose name I had kept handy in an uncharacteristic bout of foresight.
In Dutch oven, combine apples with water. Cover and bring slowly to simmer; cook until apples are very soft. Pour into colander lined with square of dampened muslin and placed over deep bowl. Weight down with saucer and heavy can. Let stand until dripping stops. Discard pulp.
Contest runs 4/23 - 5/12. Winner announced here on 5/14.
Yes. BOSS. That King Of The Cunts, Rupert Abbott, has been promoted to Executive Marketing Director, whatever the fuck that means. (The reason for his promotion, I was told, was 'in recognition of his immediate and dramatic impact on sales figures and the bottom line, as well as visible uplift in the quality of marketing'. Whatever the fuck that means.)
Shmaltz Brewing He'Brew Vertical Jewbelation
C'mon! Do a list yourself. You know you wanna!
Or so they thought…
Translation: Chicken breasts with Mushrooms and Cream.
You know.. with pastel ponies, unicorns, candies, cemeteries (incredibly, I feel really paceful and happy when I visit monumental cemeteries. °°) and crows.
We went round and round, me trying to reassure and reorient her, she denying anything I said. After she refused to let me draw blood for ordered lab work (painless for her thanks to a catheter already inserted in an artery), I ended up calling her daughter and son. They said they'd come up and talk to her. When I went back to her bed, she was sound asleep again. The kids showed up a little later and talked her through all the nursing care we needed to do. We went outside for a little conference.
2. Preheat oven to 325 degrees (F). Cream the softened cream cheese on medium speed of an electric mixer. Add the eggs on low. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until completely incorporated. Turn the mixer back to low speed and gradually add the heavy cream, condensed milk, whole milk and vanilla extract and continue to beat together until everything is well incorporated, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, about 2 to 3 minutes.
snowgeese and cranes
Smaller things happen, and I just think that it is how it is; I ask a question, it just happens to be within his ability to take care of it right then so it gets done. Kilo is constantly surprised when I say “oh I just asked CE about it, and he took care of it”. He always responds with a pouty face and some lamentation of how he’s been asking CE about something for a month now and it never gets done. That’s when I realize the CE isn’t kidding about not liking this one, and that I am in fact pretty high up on the CE’s Like List.
Port Santa's Little Helper
Starring- Amber Tamblyn, Arielle Kebbel, Edison Chen, Sarah Roemer
I hope you will play along with us this week. It's such a fun idea
Furthermore, this suggestion demonstrates an obliviousness to the privilege that christians in America enjoy. On the subject of articles of dress that assert certain beliefs, my friend called out Jeff Shott for his assertion (via costume) that christians are wrong, but failed to say anything about the crosses that christians often wear, which assert that atheists such as myself, as well as jews, muslims, hindus – basically anyone who isn’t christian – are wrong. As a matter of fact, I find many of the basic tenets of christianity (which are, again, asserted by the wearing of the cross) to be immoral and downright offensive, so may I silence christians from voicing their opinions, as well? This is an obvious double standard.
Trim the woody ends from the asparagus. Spread the spears in a single layer on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Toss gently. Roast until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes.
Not one company picked up the phone.
Pros in reading this story: I learned a lot about navigating my way through the woods, should I ever get lost.
Radio talk show host WFIR Roanoke VA and WSJS Winston-Salem, NC, weekend news anchor WPTF Raleigh NC
I need a nap. I'll kick it into gear for next week, promise!
He drank up.
When Kevin and Kay moved they sold their house to an older gentleman named Joe Shelfo. He was the sweetest man. He owned a restaurant in Tulsa at one time called Pepe's (sp), a well known Italian restaurant. He was a severe diabetic but loved his sweets and when we had birthday parties we invited him and he would always bring pies for each of the girls. He wore lots of gold chains and bracelets and was quite a ladies man. By his chair in the living room he had stacks of Playboy magazines. We didn't go there often!
It is here between us
'Love Bug'
Double asterisks identify those law journal articles by the author, most of them of book length, which are collections of a number of talks and papers by him. Triple asterisks identify Items incorporated in one of the author’s books. Similar uses of asterisks may be seen in Part D (Talks and Papers) in order to indicate Items which have been incorporated in the author’s books, in his book-length articles, or in his shorter articles. The author’s longer law journal and other journal articles, are usually collections of a number of talks and papers prepared by him (Part D, below). See Items C-1976(1), C-1977(10), C-1979(7), C-1985(6), C-1986(3), C-1986(6), C-1987(4), C-1989(4), C-1990(5), C-1991(2), C-1991(4), C-1992(2), C-1992(3), C-1993(2), C-1995(4), C-1997(9), C-1998(10), C-1998(11), C-1998(12), C-1999(4), C-1999(16), C-2000(1), C-2000(9), C-2000(10), C-2000(12), C-2001(3), C-2001(4), C-2001(5), C-2001(6), C-2002(2), C-2003 (1), and C-2003 (2), below B-14 (Projected), above. Items C-1997(9), C-1998(11), and C-2001(4), below belong together (as a study of Political Correctness today). See for the contents of various collections, Item C-2000(l1), below. See, also Introduction , Part D. below. Gaps are provided here in the Index Numbers (in the margins), permitting an efficent addition of future items that the author may happen to develop. (Those gaps are Index Numbers 8-20, 36-60, 365-500, and 1485-2000.)
Do you know that banana exporting is a big business? Banana exports have reached an annual US$6.5 billion! Major grower is India but the major exporter is Ecuador, exporting more than thirty (30%) percent of the world’s demand for bananas, followed by Costa Rica. Their combined export of 45% of the world’s demand get the whole European Union go bananas! European Union imports close to 40% of the supplies of bananas, followed by the USA somewhere around 25%.
I kind of did...give up. Not wanting to repeat the same old same old as last year, I decided to work with 2 different recipes, one for the open tart and another for a closed tart. Thanks to Valerie Kong's Traditional Chinese New Year Goodies class, I think I have truly found a melt-in-the mouth pineapple tart recipe. Contrary to what most food bloggers believe, you don't need corn flour to achieve the tender melt-in-the-mouth texture. Her recipe appears to be simple enough, with flour, butter, egg yolk and milk powder. I am uncertain if it is the golden ratio of her recipe or if it is the technique of incorporating the flour with the butter that delivered the melt-in-the-mouth end result.
Faster cooking – less oven time for example
Anways this Ciabatta bread came out well and my family loved, especially my little one. I made it one V- Day. Because of his curiosity he started poking the bread which I had kept on the table to cool down. I was trying to keep him away from my bread and forgot to switch of the oven with my Parmesan chicken and nearly burned it. Well life is not that easy!!!
Well, the time has come for me to do that, as publicly as possible. I messed up, did a stupid jerky thing, and I hope that you will forgive me and allow me to do better next time.
I hope Kyle will remember this day and Always GIVE BACK TO SCOUTING MORE THAN SCOUTING HAS GIVEN HIM. Brother Lynn Martineau, conducted everything and at the end he gave kyle a quarter with an eagle on the back. He told him to hold on to that quarter until he has GIVEN BACK TO SCOUTING MORE THAN SCOUTING GAVE TO HIM.
I did 3 (or was it 4?) coats of Color Club Coastal Creme with top coat. Once again, application wasn't great but I love the colour. I also can't remember why I chose to wear a "work-safe" colour. It must've been important or something.
The Long-Shining Waters is up for the Minnesota Book Award on April 14, 2012.
The article, which appeared on the front page of the L'Osservatore Romano on May 5, is signed by Lucetta Scaraffia, an Italian historian and contributor to the Vatican newspaper. As the piece reveals, the Nazis' ideas of eugenics, which is a theory that suggests those terminally ill or disabled should be left to die while the strong ones survive, was marked down in a book by two German scholars, Karl Binding and Alfred Hoche, more than a decade before the Nazis took power.
It's what I do and Lady Lisa and I have talked about this issue.
And do it over and over again.
I don’t generalize rich people, of course. I know many of them also earned their wealth through hard work or excellence, but while some of them overindulge themselves, they rarely remember that there are countless people starving out there.
Oh happy day. I can't wait to hear what you guys think! Anyone organize spaces within their own kitchens this month? If so, can you spill the details? Whether it was a utensil drawer or an entire kitchen transformation, I would love to know what went down in your homesteads, and hear about the amazing outcomes!
Row 6. Chain 3, *double crochet in next stitch, 2 double crochets in next stitch*, repeat from * to * around, double crochet in last stitch, join to top of beginning chain 3. (86 double crochets)
Oh, and guess what? The werewolf represents the American people. We’re all on the end of our nerves about the government, and we want change now! We’re monsters in khaki pants! If something doesn’t change, we’re gonna tear and claw our way to Washington and by God, we’re gonna set ‘em straight.
Here we go! Something for everybody! You’re gonna love the ironic names of some of these banks! “High Trust Bank” remains my favorite!
SAG Awards Mary Tyler Moore Receives Lifetime Achievement Award: Dick Van Dyke presents the Lifetime Achievement Award to his former “Dick Van Dyke Show” co-star Mary Tyler Moore, delivering a heartfelt speech citing her screen work and humanitarian work. Moore received a standing ovation from the crowd.
I'm packing up my stuff and heading out of town this weekend, doing some wedding photography in Carmel.
This is where conflict comes in and rightfully so. Listening to someone who barely has any idea of what they are talking about is a sure recipe for disaster. Such discussions must inevitably lead to conflict as the teacher is barely beyond the level of the student. When the Buddha was asked how people were supposed to know he was enlightened, he reached down and touched the ground with his fingers and answered, “The Earth is my witness”.
who has to come,
These separate selves the Spirit’s oneness feel,
He was been a member of the U.S. National Team 8 times and is the only person to be a member of all 3 U.S. MacRobertson Shield Teams. He was inducted into the U.S. Croquet Hall of Fame in 2000.
Whilst I wait for him to resurface I peruse the programme - there are about 20 Amber Ales beers on and guests from around the UK including Raw, Oakham, Black Iris and Nutbrook. I started proceedings with a pint of Amber Ales Barnes Wallis, a drinkable 4.something percent IPA style beer that went down very well and was packed with flavour. I then went for a couple of halves - in fact, I had several, so for the sake of convenience I'll list them for you here :
Can the observations of the heat radiating from Io as well as the orbital observations be explained in a framework that assumes Io is less than 10,000 years in age? Is tidal dissipation the most significant heat source in Io?
And I can’t begin to describe the relief of arriving in Montpellier the following day to find the sun shining. No need to look for Languedoc sunshine in a bottle. And over dinner with friends in the evening, sitting outside till nearly midnight, we enjoyed Domaine Ollier Taillefer’s Allegro, followed by Jean-Francois Coutelou’s fresh peppery No 7 rue de la Pompe. See earlier postings about those two estates. Coming next will be a series of St. Chinian producers.
I worship you, I worship you....... the reason I live, is to worship you.
Hot lances of energy whipped past her in a frenzied pace, and Helena didn’t know how many times she counted herself lucky that she didn’t get killed at any point during this war with the Neos.
1-30-11
And so, I ran.
Embassy of the Republic of Azerbaijan – Washington, D.C. – January 20, 1995
We do not--we did not have in mind sodium bicarbonate, otherwise we would have been very specific about it. Because our experiments with sodium bicarbonate did not help us in the stabilizing of quinapril. So we didn’t --at least I did not have in mind sodium bicarbonate and to prevent cyclization of quinapril.
Step 4: Facial scrub
(1) All you need to do from this point is to press the 'PAY NOW' button below to make payment and reserve your seat.
Cut tiny notches all around the bib in the curved parts (pretty much all of it) and this will allow the fabric to lay flat and curve without puckering.
I can't wait to see what they came up with!
2) Victory
I turned over & Chris wasn't next to me so then I was really confused!
12:Farewell to Deities-
In the first place, if there is to be war against the Turk, it should be fought at the emperor’s command, under his banner, and in his name. Then everyone can assure his own conscience that he is obeying the ordinance of God, since we know that the emperor is our true overlord and head, and he who obeys him, in such a case, obeys God also, while he who disobeys him disobeys God also. If he dies in this obedience, he dies in a good state, and if he has previously repented and believes on Christ, he is saved. These things, I suppose, everyone knows better than I can teach him, and would to God they knew them as well as they think they do. Yet we will say something more about them.
In the ten years since the MURDER of Princess Diana
1 unofficial
That’s been the not-particularly-veiled subtext of the superheroine since the Domino Lady started flirting with perilous erotic situations in the 30’s. Whatever Marston’s stated intentions, most of Wonder Woman’s bondage escapades are at the hands of her male adversaries. That’s not loving submission.
Aug. 24 – In “The Hope: Sacred Activism” Andrew Harvey internationally acclaimed poet, novelist, translator, mystical scholar, and spiritual teacher discusses Sacred Activism as a force of compassion in action. The Everyday Hero is Robert Martin enrolled member of the Makah Tribe, located in the Northwest United States, and founder and CEO of Tartoosh Environmental a program that partners with tribes to rebuild sustainable communities.
Crockpot Shrimp:
"So go on, how much did this really cost?'"
more tears,
Insides churning
Reviewer of Cool New Things
Senni
“It sounds like a harp.”
1/2 tsp pf whole mustard
Under Joshua’s leadership, Israel follows Yahweh’s command to designate cities of refuge. These cities protected those who killed another without the intent to kill from being killed out of revenge. By Yahweh’s command in Numbers 35:9-15, this right of sanctuary was extended to both Israelites and resident or transient foreigners. Yahweh’s concern for protecting the lives of all by breaking cycles of violence calls the people of God to stand up for the rights of undocumented farm workers. While some labor laws do extend to undocumented workers, there is often little enforcement. Female farm workers do not speak out when their rights are continually abused because of the imminent threat of physical, emotional, and sexual abuse. They are too desperate and too vulnerable to risk losing their jobs by complaining to their employers.[12] They need a voice that holds US government and law enforcement agencies accountable for the protection of their basic human rights.
"For in a single hour all this wealth has been laid waste.
I can't seem to find any pictures from my afternoon on the island
I'm taking a break from my drum practice on my day off, which feels very good so far. Laundry done, business calls completed, nothing to do but hone the Craft. This is my newest practice system, if anybody is curious:
· What is Luke’s best characteristic that will make him successful in the NFL?
◦ The Strivers are mostly in their late 20's to early 40's and are adventurous, fashionable, social mavens and opinion leaders who have their eyes on climbing the executive ladder
Unfortunately I never got a solid answer to that one from Lenny: my friendship with Lenny did not last long because I heard he was fired for making advances on a girl who had come into he store and she complained. Interestingly I think I knew the girl who had come in and I liked her too, but I did not know much about the "adult" language of men and women, still less about the ethics involved, to speak with her. I was so upset and tried to make sense of the secret life this Lenny had and what that life had to do with the face he presented me. I had questions over whether what he had done was wrong but of course nobody wanted to explain anything to me and, like the schools I kept changing, Lenny seemed to exit from my life with as much casual chaos as he had entered it.
I have two websites dedicated crocheting and none dedicated to my major. To me, that’s a red flag. Of course I enjoy my hobby, everyone should. But am I taking it too far? If one day I decided that I really wanted to crochet for a living would that be realistic?
The Design Team have some examples for you, please visit their blogs for more info:-
Not only do you have to tell it to use "Artist" instead of "Album Artist" - but also, you have to go through the tracks one by one - this doesn't seem to be available when you select more than one - and un-tick the thing that says "part of a compilation". Because what that actually means is "hide this artist from all the menus".
U.S.-Cuba
there are secrets
It appears that this will indeed be the case, with The Avengers already bringing in blockbuster numbers internationally (in a rarity for Hollywood productions, its U.S. release on May 5th comes after the release dates for many other countries). I don’t know exactly when Ruffalo signed his deal — it’s possible it’s only being revealed now but was signed earlier — but it’s pretty clear Marvel has every confidence in The Avengers priming its audience to see more of Ruffalo as Dr. Banner and more Hulk. After all, it’s not like they’re going to sign him for a six-picture deal and then just stick him in The Avengers Parts 2-7 and nothing else. A new Hulk movie would be a lock just from this news, but there is one more little tidbit: Paul Gitter of Marvel Entertainment has stated outright that they are looking for a big-budget Hulk feature to hit in 2015. I don’t know how good a job Ruffalo does as Banner — as noted, the movie isn’t out here quite yet — but I think the fact that Marvel is actually working on a long-term plan for the character can only be a good thing.
But as many military commanders will tell you, a plan never survives contact with the enemy. The enemy in this case is Bureaucracy, with a capital B.
In fact, I was always told that I was "perfect."
What a truly striking, exotic name.
"East Texas is Mississippi 50 years ago. This case will begin to help us unravel the history of discrimination and bigotry throughout East Texas," he said.
The paper is from the Seaside 8x8 pad by October Afternoon. I used the NEW Die-namics Solid Bracket Border to cut three layers from the wood grain pattern paper. When I stacked them I thought they looked just like real wood shingles! The sentiment is stamped on the NEW Die-namics File Tab.
Since we'll be there for just a few days, renting an apartment isn't an option; most apartments rent for a minimum of five days. But, I think I've found a small hotel, close to many of the sights a first-time visitor will want to see.
However, it was also frightening. Is this what the country is coming to? Apparently, it is unless we keep speaking and fighting for what we believe. We cannot be cowed into silence and we are obliged to tell the truth even if it means we are berated, hunted and sought out. I thank the Times for the forum, regardless of the consequence.
Drowning, a calling to arms
I am a woman of God. Fearfully and wonderfully made in His image.
･IS04
How does a PCV in Kolky, Ukraine live?
I am just a human being who never wants to worry about paying for amenity's as these should be just essentials and not bills to even think about.
In between Shu whining endlessly, GHQ plot their counter-attack and defences, and Shu sneaks into Gai’s containment area or whatever using Inori’s credentials (somehow) and basically just silently listens to Gai pouring his heart out to whom he thinks is Inori. And apparently Gai is weaker than he appears, but because he’s not a beta pussy he’s actually able to hide his weaknesses and be strong for the sake of his men. And they get into a fight that is rather satisfying.
For me that’s parenthood. Well at least, right now. It’s normal, I deal with it. I mean I’m not one of those baby mafia moms that go to the sandbox in their Gucci sunglasses, $1000-diaper bags, and fashion ensembles that make it look like they’re going clubbing. They sit there in their little pack chit-chatting about how their child was potty trained at 12 months, painted a masterpiece, is already reading at first-grade level, and never misbehaves when they know damn well that he’s the kid eating the sand and having tantrums in the car.
It's just not cricket!
Please join me in thanking Milagros C. Rivera for joining us in the Tea Room last week as our Guest Designer and thank you also to Joanna Munster for joining us as our February Month-Long Special Guest Designer!
Tokyo is awesome. I mean really awesome! It’s been a dream of mine for years to come and see what the place that fed me half of my childhood looks like. Godzilla, Dragonball, Astro Boy, Speed Racer, Mario, Ryu, Chun Li, and so much more!
To be fair, I don’t like 75th Street Brewery’s Royal Raspberry either, and was never fond of any of the fruity beers the now-extinct microbrews around here offered. So yeah, I know. What was I thinking? I guess I was trying to keep an open mind. The answer is that I still don’t like it. But if you do, you know where to find some for free!
Even when the Kid are STRUGGLING and not succeding , still PRAISE/ ENCOURAGE them
Me, on the other hand, I just can't do it. When I had my shop, I loved coming up with something different and wacky every once in a while and putting it out on the table to see how folks reacted. Most often these experiments sold on the first day out of the kiln. The reason being, I believe wholeheartedly, was they were 'fresh'. They were a physical embodiment of my excitement with my medium. Nothing stale about it. It just screamed at the customer, 'pick me! pick me! I'm new and exciting!'
so, that's just what we did.
I sprinted to my car pondering the sheer desperation that prompted that brief encounter and the sad state of a culture in which the survival tactics of young black men have devolved to dropping flaccid pick up lines on old chicks in bars.
4) When you've finished decorating your butterfly, cut away the excess backing felt to create a "frame" around the butterfly shape. Then use the shape you've just cut out as a template to cut a matching piece of felt for the back of the brooch.
But then Teed too has changed. The private investigator introduced in The Crime on Cote des Neiges (1951) is something less in this follow-up. Gone is his preference for Dow – now any beer will do, and the hard stuff has really begun to flow. Teed's corporate clients appear to have been washed away. More of a drunk, he's grown dark and disturbing.
And thank goodness there is an awesome website online called www.HysterSisters.com that can answer all my questions. There's tips on what to bring to the hospital and how to cope those first few days, as well as lots and lots of other great information. It's been a lifesaver.
#7 How long do you intend to wait for someone you really love?
Rnd 7: K to marked st, sl marked st, k 1, psso, remove marker, k to end – 78 sts.
She was the 1972 Miss World USA and reached the Semi-Finals in the Miss World Pageant.
Like several of the books on the top shelf, this one has gotten a tremdous amount of use in the 20+ years I've owned it. While I try to avoid splattering anything that's going to cause pages to stick together, there's no denying that there's a significant amount of foods garnishing several dozen pages in the book. It's a beautiful, fairly large, well-bound volume, so I don't have the problem I have with New Basics where the pages are actually falling out, but it does show some wear, and this should only be considered a compliment to Julia. This one belongs in every chef's library.
Smudge sticks are bundles of herbs that you can hold, light, let smolder, and then waft around the area you want to cleanse. The most popular cleansing herb is white sage though cedar, sweetgrass, and lavender are all sweet-smelling favorites.
The rest, as they say, is history.
Educreations turns your iPad into a recordable whiteboard. Creating a great video tutorial is as simple as touching, tapping and talking. Explain a math formula… Create an animated lesson… Add commentary to your photos… Diagram a sports play… With voice recording, realistic digital ink, photo imports, and simple sharing through email, Facebook or Twitter, now you can broadcast your ideas from anywhere.
Add baking powder.
I frequently warn my readers that I am a mass of conflicted ideas. I like to organize, set up schedules, and even compartmentalize...but I get bored with the daily maintenance of keeping things organized, I tire of routines quickly, and I often feel compartments are too disconnected. Bottom line, I like setting up blogs, but I barely have enough motivation or time to keep up with just one...so how would I do three or even just two?
_____This beer diet sucks for losing weight... but if you wanna lose your job and your house... it's perfect!
I returned home from Texas Friday night---another great teacher's workshop. The workshop is held at Prothro on Lake Texoma. It is a wonderful facility near Pottsboro Texas. It is a week packed with lots of learning, teaching, and friendships. If you are interested in becoming a McGown certified teacher and attending South Central, please contact me ---anitahooksrugs@yahoo.com and visit the McGown teacher's website.
RELATIONSHIPS
My husband Steve was fully absorbed with his new job at Johns Hopkins University, and I was home with a two year old. We wanted friends, but were both hesitant when Steve's officemate his wife invited us to attend their church. We had nothing in common with "religious types," but Steve said, "Let's be nice and go just once."
I decided to put the question to my brilliant Twitter friends. Why are some arts organizations succeeding and why are some failing? Here is the story with a little help from Storify!
Please note that the report is for the benefit of the people of South Africa, to stop our resources from being contaminated daily any further, and not politically motivated. Please, where possible, do the report in English, as the World Health Organisation is an International Organisation whose Head Office is in Geneva.
Clare and I agreed at this juncture that this sense of generosity and acceptance was the thing we really liked about the book, and new member Chris felt the same. But Trevor now said he didn't buy it. There was an inconsistency, he said: right at the start Nathan admits to being a curmudgeonly old sod, and it simply doesn't fit with the way he turns out to be so generous and humane. I said that that was one of the book's jokes - right at the start Nathan is being an unreliable narrator, indeed he is making fun of himself, and the humour of the book was another thing I really liked about it. Chris had already commented appreciatively on the verbal humour - he particularly liked Harry's instruction 'Keep your nose job out' - and Doug nodded in agreement. However, Trevor was unconvinced, and Jenny now said that though she had liked the book she hadn't found it funny.
We went thru years of infertility before finally having our two beautiful children. I started trying to get pregnant when I was 33, and after spending a frustrating year with no luck we began the search for medical answers. That process was to take us four more years.
Artisans are most at home in the real world of solid objects that can be made and manipulated, and of real-life events that can be experienced in the here and now. Artisans have exceptionally keen senses, and love working with their hands. They seem right at home with tools, instruments, and vehicles of all kinds, and their actions are usually aimed at getting them where they want to go, and as quickly as possible. Thus Artisans will strike off boldly down roads that others might consider risky or impossible, doing whatever it takes, rules or no rules, to accomplish their goals. This devil-may-care attitude also gives the Artisans a winning way with people, and they are often irresistibly charming with family, friends, and co-workers.
When I decided not to run for a second term as President I was willing myself into humility. I needed to say “this will go on with out me” and I needed to mean it. That I was dragooned into another leadership position (an experience for which, despite initial reluctance, I am grateful) mitigated the withdrawal symptoms.
I also love a photo that says can't be bothered with camera settings and other techy stuff..
The elevator was as old as the building but still fairly reliable, yet Mackinson always walked up to his fifth floor apartment. Like his office it was a deliberate throwback to the nineteen-thirties, a look that had cost him most of the considerable sum of money he had earned in his first year working for Bartleby. Art deco was now 'chic' though that was not the reason he chose it; he would be happier when it fell out of fashion again. He pulled down the blinds, preferring the half-light to the harsh morning sun that now cast crisp shadows of window frames onto cream canvas.
4) Reciting Surah al-Baqarah
Eventually, I started to run out of audio books to borrow from Glenview. Which is not to criticize the size of the collection, I really am trying to clear out the TBR pile and sticking to that list of books. So I started checking them out from Northbrook’s library. It felt like cheating on Glenview, but you gotta love the reciprocity. The Glenview Library’s website even has the online record of audio books I have checked out from Northbrook, so I receive the same reminder e-mail when they are due.
par-bowl in 2 quarts of water 2 fowl
So I recently realized something: I am addicted to working. I absolutely love it. I almost can't stop my self from editing and networking all day. I'm constantly thinking, improving, and working at my photography. Last week I drove to LA with my best friend, Alicia, who is a makeup artist (see her videos here!) to carry out 5 days of straight shooting. I did a casting call for LA models and we recruited 5 beautiful, talented and incredibly sweet girls. And so we did a shoot a day for 5 days. Firstly, that's crazy. I had already done my stylized wedding shoot that saturday, then had an engagement shoot that Sunday. Now I was going to leave early Monday morning and continue with this crazy pattern of photography scheduling. Remember one shoot is pretty freaking exhausting. There is loads of effort that go into planning, themes, ideas and making sure everything turns out the best it can for the circumstances.
I try to make a sonnet out of this school storage
This is just one example we have seen of a lasting impact that can happen when relief is brought through the church. With the economy situation, and so many other things that are wearing on the churches outreach, we need to start asking ourselves if we want to continue to build sand castles, or houses built on the rock, that will last for a lifetime, and eternity.
My sister in law introduced me to this recipe and in celebration of 1 pt dip that I love, I made a batch of this tonight, and we'll probably be eating it for a couple of days. I have modified the recipe a little to make it less pts.
So please stop over and visit Natacha, she is also a Close to My Heart consultant and I am sure she would love to take an order if you need anything.
9-They love us unconditionally!
It has been around 3 years ago now when Equal Money Was First Mentioned to me. There is now Hundreds, if not thousands of videos and documents available for research as well as a website, and The First Two Volumes of The Equal Money Book has recently been completed and made available at EQAFE.com
Part two of the book focuses on what it means to ‘think Christianly’ by developing a Christian worldview. Morrow describes what a worldview is, how everyone has one, and gives examples of some of the worldviews competing with Christianity. He explains how there are certain life questions that a worldview must give an answer for and how we need to equip Christians with the knowledge of how the Christian worldview answers those questions. He goes on to explain how knowledge is essential for today’s Christian as apposed to just a personal experiential faith, which can quickly crumble once young believers emerge from their protective covering and are assaulted with the tough issues and questions facing Christians in today’s world.
In 2008, I self published a book of poems for an advanced poetry class. It was an incredibly dark time in my life. I was in the most abusive relationship I’ve been in to date. It was on and off and on and off and…well, you get the idea. There’s more, but you can probably see a little of that in the poems themselves.
First, you have to get your white beans cooked. It is good to be prepared. I was relieved, upon seeing still photos of the UC Davis atrocity, that most of the kids turned their faces away from the stream of capsaicin. Be prepared! OK, once your beans are ready (and a little soupiness is fine), stir in a judicious amount of minced ham. Then get out your canning funnel. This thing is a certain Mr. C.'s new favorite gadget.
Your riding pal,
39. What is your favorite book(s) or author(s)?
“Don’t spend your time on and give your heart to any guy who makes you wonder about anything
Burlesque was very popular in the Victorian age. A form of feisty comic theatre, it took a well-known political or social event, story, opera or play and then went on to satirise it by means of puns and word play.
And the way we live
2009: CILIP Kate Greenaway Medal (winner)
Consciousness is only a sort of awareness of the presence of an object. It does not recognize the object. It is perception that recognizes the object. When the eye comes in contact with a color, for instance blue, visual consciousness arises which simply is a awareness of the presence of a color; but it does not recognize that it is blue. There is no recognition at this stage. It is perception that recognizes that it is blue.
fit into slots.
Ben actually got shouted at by Joe… but in a good way! Seriously, the look of disgust on Joe’s face just before yelling “why don’t you cook like this all the time?!” was very convincing. I was worried, so I’m sure Ben’s stomach must have been flipping.
I got my stuff out of the car and started back. When I looked up there was an old guy standing there staring at me. It kinda creeped me out and as soon a I made eye contact he started talking.
-Add the pudding on top after cooling ,alternate it with another layer of vanilla wafers ,sliced bananas till you reach the top.
~ Darek Bell
"It's really not a lot of tickets when you think that we have so many African countries playing in the World Cup," he said at a press event in South Africa.
Then, of course, the reactionaries, who we can lump in with the "not enoughers". The one will hate anything new and different, the other will complain that there are more and better things we could do ... and there is this 953 page report which sets out the detail. With these, we can never win. But win we must. The power of the idea is unstoppable.
Leaders of heart and mind
And to reassure NCR landowner who may have doubts, he nominates Deputy Chief Minister (Alfred) Jabu (Numpang) as the man to be in charge.
Swastika Is Deemed ‘Universal’ Hate Symbol
For a restaurant with a star it was great to keep our wine on our table (and be able to pour the damn thing ourselves), to not be afraid of making a mess (remember the tablecloths were paper) and to pay the reasonable sum of £127.80 for the privilege.
8. Deer Valley: 14-7 vs. Centennial
Liguine Bolognese ~ A slow simmered Bolognese sauce made with bacon, beef, vegetable ragout, white wine and light cream.
Thomas Kinkade's The Christmas Cottage (not for children) ... Lifetime ... 10 PM
It's hard to dread work, when at the same time, I'm so grateful for my job! So while I'm still a little wobbly-legged and bleary-eyed, I thought I'd share a little golden nugget that popped up in my inbox today....
The one thing that bothers me about the boys is when they don't seem to be paying attention to the game. Case in point, my littlest one was playing in the grass instead of paying attention to what was going on around him last night. Yes, I know he is only six years old and I had to keep reminding myself of that fact while trying to resist the urge to remind him of what he's supposed to be doing.
Will: Yep, I went there on holiday.
New research shows that seventy per cent of languages are in biodiversity hotspots – the most threatened locations on earth – or wilderness areas.
Dungarvan got the gong last year for sheer busyness. This year, for the same reason, it goes to Eight Degrees (not that Dungarvan have slowed down or shut up or anything). Great outgoing support for the local businesses that stock their beers, and by extension great support for the customers who want to find and drink it. Howling Gale on draught is a rare beast: it's great when Scott and Cam give us the coordinates to find it.
Julien knew when to quit. He turned away. “Sleep well.”
I hope you enjoy the article. If you, please pass the link along. I can earn a little money from this new endeavor, but only if people read what I’m writing. I’m going to get more pictures up later today, so stay tuned.
So I took the bus to Brixton, to the old Littlewoods store, where I'd seen shelves of wool stacked up high. The pattern told me how many balls I needed, but I hadn't yet learnt about yarn weights, or plys, needle sizes or tensions, so I simply picked the colour I liked best, a soft flecked grey, and some thick metal needles that felt smooth and cool in my hands.
art and museums
“There is only one difference between a bad economist and a good one: the bad economist confines himself to the visible effect; the good economist takes into account both the effect that can be seen and those effects that must be foreseen.”
So, for those reading this, be aware: RSI can affect all muscles, not just those in the hands. If you're a laptop user who likes sitting writing in armchairs , as I did, or at a desk that's not quite right for you, then get something more appropriate sorted. Believe me, it's really not something you want happening to you.
275ml/½pint live yoghurt mixed with water, slightly more water than yoghurt
There are three things in this life that I truly love – eating, drinking, and my cat. Two of these I get to incorporate into my college life. The latter, a long distance relationship that leaves us both with strained hearts, I am sure. I indulge in breakfast, lunch, and dinner daily, and dessert nightly. Dessert, according to Merriam-Webster, is a sweet course or dish usually served at the end of a meal. Thus, my vodka-sprite, my vodka-cranberry, my beer, and my occasional chocolate bar. I sometimes break the rules and spoil my appetite, consuming dessert before dinner. But I was taught growing up this is wrong, ill-mannered. So I do my best to hold off until the latter is taken care of. Always surrounded by what I love, I am a rather happy, rather successful student.
and Amnon said unto Tamar
Today, I decided to get the kids involved. My 3 1/2 year old and one of my 2 1/2 year old twins used some fabric crayons and colored and I ironed their creations onto some plain unbleached muslin. I need more colorings to make more fabric for the lining of a bag that I am planning on making for my mom for Christmas. I need something from my other twin and more from the other 2 kids so that I have enough material for the lining. I think this will make the bag even more special! I decided to cut out the pattern this afternoon and maybe I'll even pull out the sewing machine tonight or maybe I'll come home tomorrow while everyone is at school and sew or maybe during nap time. Maybe I can finish it this week and have a gift or at least a partial gift finished!
In front of one the older condos, by the driveway at the gate, are several - five, six - women. They are dressed pretty damn fancy; LBDs, CMF boots, draped in lights scarves, extremities be-ringed and be-bangled, ungulates adorned with painted-on scenery and pasted-on jewels. These ladies are not coming home from somewhere, they are heading out. Faces are made-up to show off high cheekbones, even if there aren't any high cheekbones, eyelashes and eyebrows trimmed to augment the double eye-lid, the almond eyes, the exotic mien.
The flag’s value is at least $150,000, said Randy Burbage, an official with the South Carolina chapter of the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
Everyone attends the concert
So what did win me over to Terriers? Mainly, I think, it was the characters. Logue has made a career out of playing amiable (and sometimes not so amiable) slackers, mostly in comedies, and it's a shock and a thrill to find him digging beneath the surface of that type to create Hank, a well-intentioned, principled man who somehow manages to destroy everything good in his life. A former cop whose alcoholism cost him his job and his marriage, Hank initially seems to be disaffected and cynical. In the pilot, an old drinking buddy hires him to find his missing daughter, which leads Hank and Britt to a real estate developer, and eventually to the friend's death. Enraged, Hank vows to uncover the developer's shady deal and bring him down, which seems to set up a very familiar noir story about an antihero who rediscovers his love of justice. What the rest of the season reveals is that Hank is proud, self-righteous, and often blinded by his prejudice against the rich and powerful. All of these flaws lead him to misread situations, bite off more than he can chew, and to vastly overestimate the amount of control he can exercise over the world around him. Hank is often admirable and heroic, but that heroism comes at a price that he somehow never ends up paying himself, but takes a terrible toll on the people around him. What's most interesting about this portrait is that it leaves us, like Hank, looking at the damage he's caused and wondering where the wrong turn was. Every step that Hank takes makes sense at the time, and each is motivated by a desire for justice, and yet they often lead to terrible destruction. It's a wonderfully slippery take on a character that initially seems so simple, and I would have loved to spend more time puzzling it out.
In another wide pan, on medium heat, fry the grated coconut till they turn dark brown in colour. This decides the colour of the curry. Make sure you don't burn it but it should be dark brown. Take it off the flame and add the spices. Keep mixing for a minute or two so that the spices don't burn from the heat of the coconut and the pan.Let it cool.
Greetings and Good Day,
submission like we often do, I decided to curate them kind of like
Stone age men apparently believed in an afterlife where they could romp with mythical creatures after scientist’s found what may be the world’s oldest erotic picture.
I'm pretty sure Judge Judy would have tore a strip off these kids and their lawyer dad (Oh, that's right.. Mom has to pay her own legal fees to fight this, but the kiddies get Daddy all pro bono and such) and made them wear it as a scarf.
I don't fuckin' think so!
The Smuttynose Old Brown Dog Ale was from a clutch of large bottles I'd been hoarding a bit, so it had to go. With a nice juicy, vanilla, caramel-toffee, it has a definite roasted edge that gives just enough bite to balance what could easily have become too sweet. Despite being primarily malt-driven, there's a creeping hoppiness that delivers a piney, black pepper flavour. Really quite moreish. Did I say juicy?
I have to espouse the importance of using a site like Polyvore to "shop" your preferences and combine different pieces that are similar to those you own or would consider purchasing. It gives fantastic insight on how your style evolves and lets you prioritize important piece purchasing.
After browsing the rather extensive food and wine menu, I plumped for a pint of the Italian Birra Moretti and chose the ‘Gamberoni Aurora’ as my starter – king prawns baked in garlic, fresh herbs, cream and Napoli sauce topped with mozzarella and then baked in an oven. The Birra Moretti had an instant dryness to it, but had very little malt flavour which resulted in a rather light offering. Once my starter arrived, a nicely presented fanned casserole dish with 5 large king prawns sat in the middle of the garlic and herb cream sauce, with the lightly baked mozzarella layered on top. A unique idea that I’ve never come across before, I thought it made a change to the usual prawn cocktail. Perfectly cooked, the king prawns were piping hot, with the sauce a great compliment that didn’t look greasy or burnt around the edges.
Maybe that will make you smile. But the next time you have to comfort someone, consider carefully whether words are needed or a sympathizing touch that might speak even more effectively than words.
Keep that in mind as you look at your college possibilities – both the academic and the riding side of things. And if you want help negotiating the waters, let me know!
in plots of love.
How to remove Satan’s influence from your relationships
At the age of 41, does Björk feel that she has to cram in as much music as she can in the time she has left? ‘Yeah, I do, but I felt like time was running out when I was a teenager as well; I think that is one thing that hasn’t changed. I’m very aware that I could live seven lives and still not do all the stuff I wanna do. But it’s not fear you know . . . it’s a form of enthusiasm. I feel totally like I haven’t even scratched the surface yet.’
The topic on the show: How to do BDSM safely
Without even thinking both my wife and myself were having a meeting of the family and decided to invite her into our home. Has she had the best life until now? Not always. Has she always lived for God? Not as much as she wants to now. But you know what, God took a chance on me and He would want me to do the same for a member of His family. So we are extending a second chance at living life to the fullest to a very good friend, and it is eerie what that is doing for us so far. She is going to help around the house, and that is where we need the most work in our busy lives. She hit it off immediately with our 4 year old, and now my daughter cries if she can’t see her. She attended church with us Sunday, and was very happy with where she was at. This is a far cry from where she was just weeks ago. Feeling loved, and appreciated goes a long way – be it from family, friends, or God. I don’t say this because I want praise or thanks from her or anyone else, or any personal kudos – I just want us to honor our brothers and sisters for who they are and love them as we were and are loved by Him.
scared – that is not a position of strength but of weakness.
They expect to be open and brewing by January of 2011.
Here, I'll break it down for you.
As The Blaze has reported, the woman, Barbara Johnson, has publicly called for the Rev. Marcel Guarnizo of St. John Neumann Catholic Church to be removed. Now, following these pleas and the national outraged that followed, he has officially been placed on leave.
Istigkeit. My reason.
Check the sidebar of the blog for more White House recipes.
I thought I would share how my family is celebrating Easter this year. My sister and her good friend created an Easter countdown that includes 12 tiny items and a Bible verse to accompany each one... and they were kind enough to gift me with my own "kit." I popped each verse + item into dollar store plastic eggs, and we opened the first one this morning:
- Tourists? They probably thought this was a nice addition to the holiday package and they too joined, some marched along and others watching the spectacle.
it is your turn to “understand” something — the jig is up babe! The
I, the displaced
Will you help us get it there by joining in on one big Christmas Eve push? If we all buy it on the 24th December, that will propel it up the charts into (hopefully!) the top spot.
Voices: Ken Kesey and Hugh Romney
In 2011, Manori made a big splash on the East Coast, introducing her line of sterling silver and exotic raw stones this year at Flock Boston, Pure Barre, Felicity Sweets, and ABRANO Silver in the Boston Area.
-Household Tips
And that’s when I noticed these poop spots. Which, in actuality, were blood stains. Super duper! 2 of the sites were on my torso, one on my stomach and one on my waist. And both were apparently rather bleedy and the bandages really teeny and, well, I was covered with dried blood.
The execution scheduled for Wednesday would end an unofficial six-month moratorium on the death penalty while the state and a federal judge wrangled over Ohio’s lethal injection procedures.
I want to let you know that this was like being in spiritual boot camp. I ate, breathed, and immersed myself in the Bible. I worked all day and went to any and all Bible studies, home groups and church services that I could find.
*Which authors/stories did you enjoy reading as a child/teenager? How do you think they compare to the children’s novels available today? What do you think children of today want to read?
My five-year anniversary of professional musicianship passed in August, and I was too busy making a record, touring, and driving back and forth to New Orleans to notice until now. I guess that's as it should be.
Please join me in meditation.
In honor of me making the Momenta D-Lite team I wanted to do a giveaway and my sweet friend Emma from My Creative Time for Me graciously gave me one of her wonderful stamp sets to give away!! I love her stamps and dies. If you don't have any you should.
Her Dr told me to box up her belonging to show her what it is like to have nothing, and to see what it feels like to have your things taken away. This sent her into a violent raging fit.
I personally believe that the chocolate drippings look like the Virgin Mary. I have several statuettes of her around my house, as Mary is my Homegirl, and they do resemble the chocolate drippings. But, there are also dildos that look like the Virgin Mary, so you have to wonder.
"The child of five or older who knows and cares for the abuser becomes trapped between affection or loyalty for the person, and the sense that the sexual activities are terribly wrong. If the child tries to break away from the sexual relationship, the abuser may threaten the child with violence or loss of love. When sexual abuse occurs within the family, the child may fear the anger, jealousy or shame of other family members, or be afraid the family will break up if the secret is told.
Stick the thermometer in to the middle of the thickest part of the meat, and place it on top of the onions. Slow-cook until inner temperature of the meat is about 160-175F (70-80C), and then let it rest and cool.
It is not only historical walks you have to look forward to; Lake Como also plays host to some immensely attractive cities, towns and villages. Among them is Como, which is home to a fascinating old city you can explore prior to embarking on a walk high above it.
laying it down, spilling it out.
OPTION 2: Receipt of Work
Darren is an avid Stonewylde fan, and as one of the organisers of the East Midlands Pagan Federation annual conference, he'd invited me last summer to take part in the event to be held this March. I'd gladly accepted, not realising the date would clash with Mr B's daughter's birthday. So this was to be one of those rare occasions when I had to go it alone, for Mr B couldn't let his children down for the birthday lunch, and I couldn't let Darren and his friends down either.
"... create heroes who: Offer the most conflict in that situation, have the longest way to go emotionally, and are the most demographically pleasing." -- Blake Snyder (SAVE THE CAT)
With a law that favors women are we not doing a grave injustice to men by blindly labeling them as tormentors and glorifying women as eternal victims of abuse.
When one of the witnesses told the cops they were killing Rosas, one of them sneeringly insisted that the victim was “faking it.” Eventually one of the officers felt for a pulse and found nothing. None of the officers involved in this torture-murder has ever been publicly identified, much less subjected to
Back on American soil for the first time in nine months, Reed Donovan is ready to blow off some steam. The beauty he spots at the local bar not only catches his eye, she snags him by the balls when she announces she’s always fantasized about having sex with a stranger—a fantasy he is more than willing to help come true.
Nevertheless, we are a few people dedicated to our craft, who are willing to share our words with others.
The Local Eatery and Pub "grilled bison tostada with roasted tomato and corn salsa, lime pickled cantaloupe with cilantro" I was VERY excited to try this dish. 2 of my favorite ingredients are listed- lime and cilantro. This was good but I had complaints. The tostado was more like a basic tortilla chip. The bison and salsa was delish. Seriously liked it. The cantaloupe was a small bite sized melon ball and tasted like... cantaloupe. I didn't taste any lime or cilantro- total bummer.
The 49ers are now stacked at the running back position. They have recently signed Brandon Jacobs this offseason and they still have a stud in Frank Gore. Running backs Anthony Dixon and Kendall Hunter are also on the roster. I look at LaMichael as an upgrade to what Kendall Hunter brought to the table. He is a smaller back with a ton of speed. But James brings a lot more than just speed to the table.
Loving God, Loving my neighbor (but not always as much as myself) avoiding stealing, (except once when I was eleven… I got over that real quick!) I’ve never killed anyone, I’ve kept the sabbath, I’ve not coveted my neighbor’s wife or manservant, his donkey or his ass, (but maybe his boat.) I don’t bear false witness, and I moved back up here to honor my mother (and be by the lakes) plus I adore my dad.
He closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind, but to no avail.
Debate crazy ideas for a first date.
I should mention straight away that after a couple of hundred pages I was far from convinced. In fact I was a bit bored by parts of the book and a little bewildered as to where it was going. But about half way through, when Knausgaard changed locale and focus, I found myself gripped and even able to better appreciate what had come before. You could argue that the speed-writing approach (all six volumes of this series appear to have been written in about three years in total) makes for a slightly unsatisfactory reading experience in places but I found that once my brain had clicked with the book I was happy to follow Knausgaard's flighty train of thought anywhere it wanted to take me and it wasn't just the quality of the writing that pleased me but the bravery and power of it which rendered the few books I read afterwards tame by comparison.
drinking hot chocolate, decorating the christmas tree,
Is there a simple process similar to Darwinian Natural Selection that causes our universe or any other to be selected from an underlying timeless whole, an Ultimate Ensemble, an Omniverse? And is Everett's Many Worlds Interpretation an important part of understanding what that simple process would be? 78.5% of the visitors to this blog were willing to agree with that idea.
Miles 21-26.2
I saw on Facebook that there were 8 families in our ward whose kids got the pukes in the same four hour time period. Clearly the kids were all exposed at the same time - but by whom? One family missed Sacrament meeting but was there for the rest (there goes my sacrament passer theory), some had nursery kids, some primary, some youth, and a few adults. It's like a mystery and I want it solved! Anyway, it seems that it was about 36 hours after church when it hit so when it had been 48 hours and no one else got it, I breathed a huge sigh of relief!
A friend of mine has been trying to get me to take her fabric stash off of her hands. She gave up sewing, and wanted to get rid of it all. It made me sad that she was giving it up, because she was pretty good. Way better than me, that's for sure. She made tons of awesome tote bags. I have been refusing her offer for quite some time now, hoping she would pick it back up. But instead, she drove her fabric stash over to my house, and happily dropped all her fabric off. I gave in and took it.
But there are those of us who think baseball has at least a little science in it. We like to poke behind curtains.
"This song was created, two, three months after the incident. One of the strangest things is that you find yourself in a position of wanting to talk about a situation. But normally when we were talking about incidents of this level it was always in the third-person sense, where you're like looking from the window, and you're seeing what's going on. But we wanted to make this one of the first songs in which we're actually doing it in the first person."
for students covered by a GAIP or SHIP plan. This year’s flu vaccine will
Other leather goods like this handy belt attachment.
Chronicles of Harriet – a well written sight combining steampunk, literature and minority issues all into a whole greater than the sum of its parts.
Caldwell a cold well
Tomorrow I'll be sharing my new favorite breakfast with you. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I love you still. More now for what you did to me, than for what we had together. We weren’t special. And you knew it. You knew our fantasies outweighed reality. You knew there was more out there for me than more waiting.
I suppose I believe that what makes me unique has little to do with some arbitrary mark I create for myself or my physical appearance. Actions speak louder than words or clothes or tattoos. I would like to think my ‘identity mark’ would be something like loyalty, reliability, and enthusiasm – not the most compelling combination, I realize. But I hope it would be the words my friends, family and co-workers would use to describe me.
(I'm using some " writing prompts" on occasion this year, to try to keep myself writing on a more regular basis. Today's prompt is "If you could switch places with anyone in the world for 24 hrs., who would you want to be?)
“Well, isn’t that just dandy,” Travis said, shifting the truck into gear and driving to Denni’s. “Who else knew you were here?”
thought I might go blind, written dozens and dozens of short stories, written copy for greeting card companies (and once for a kitchen company), written a complete 370 page novel (as well as dozens of chapters from incomplete ones), scripts for (some filmed and some not-so filmed) YouTube videos, and now I have turned my hand to blogging.
“An elderly man stole the identities of dead children to con taxpayers out of $450,000 in a rare type of benefit fraud – and concedes he gave no thought to how their families would feel.”
The next day, while Uncle Robert worked, Aunt Susan showed me around Madrid. Honestly, I wish I knew what to say. Having someone show you around is very different from finding things yourself. 1) You don’t really remember the names of things, because you aren’t hunting them down, and 2) you don’t get STRESSED hunting things down and getting hopelessly lost. So even though I can’t tell you the names of anything I saw, I can tell you that I LOVED having someone there to show me the sights and explain the culture. I hadn’t really spent much time with Aunt Susan in the past, so I really enjoyed getting to hang out with her while seeing Madrid.
At a provincial level, Catholic trustees have raised concern that a one-policy model may risk Catholic autonomy.
So I like a good firm plied yarn. I have been finding that when I ply "balanced" as my teacher tells me to do, that it is much too loose for my liking. So I have purposely twisted my singles very tight... and then plied tightly to make a yarn to more my liking. But that wasn't enough either. I found that to get the yarn I like I would have to really over-ply, according to my teacher. But that is what I like!
Then create a post where you post the 'LOVE BLOG' image.
- Paul Rutherford / trombone
Adam: See? CAKE! Totally not a lie! Asparagus cake though may not be recommended. Why would you try to eat asparagus cake, Lauren? Do you need to remember how to cook again?
Speaking of things that were cheesy & clichéd, the supporting characters seemed more like caricatures than realistic people, especially the bad guys. All of the characters aside from Sara Jane were one-note and very underdeveloped. They each had one (maybe two) overblown character traits that defined who they were and what role they played in the story and not much else. For example, there was the batshit crazy ski mask guy, the sleazy shifty uncle, the Mr. Miyagi-like mentor, the perfect boy-next-door love interest with zero personality, the genius wise-before-his-time little brother, the nerdy overweight best friend turned sidekick, etc. Truthfully, I could not stop cringing and rolling my eyes whenever these characters came on the scene. They were just too silly, boring, and completely uninspired.
I also demonstrated the presence of cabon dioxide in exhaled breath by blowing into some limewater through a straw.
If I lived somewhere that got more rain I'm sure I would be inclined to go search out quite a few of these:
I went to my best friends house and spent the next few days sleeping on her sofa while I tried to find somewhere to live. the council refused to help me, not even providing emergency accommodation for me and my children. In the end I checked myself into a hotel, my daughter went to stay with a friend and my son went to stay with my dad.
I've also been reading food writing. This, Bourdain, Zimmern and The Food Network seem to hold my attention when I can't actually eat as I would wish.
"What happened to my sweet girl?" "She's gone!"
And, she listens to me.
So I'd like to start the year by mentioning my favourite adult non-fiction book of last year: "Nature's Engraver: A Life of Thomas Bewick" by biographer Jenny Uglow.
Gowdy had asked Sebelius to explain the legal basis for what the secretary called an “appropriate balance between respecting religious freedom and increasing access to important preventive services.”
~Hikari
I applied the Alpha masks first and ten spray black cherry glimmer mist over top ad then towldied. then took another Tim Holtz mask and applied it towards the bottom of the page and then misted with the turquoise blue in the corner.
Why is this record so different and important that you should immediately pop round the local shop to order a copy? If I rave about how brilliant Gypsy Blood is, I risk becoming just another fanatic trumpeting his favorite group. But there is truly something special about Doll By Doll, a UK rock band from the late 70s/early 80s led by singer, guitarist and main writer Jackie Leven. Two guitars, bass and drums were the basic components, playing in a straightforward rock style that we’ve all heard before. They are musically tight as a group and play with passion. The magic for me, however, lies in two things which elevate this band from hundreds of others who suddenly appeared on the late 70s scene.
Editing: Anne-Sophie Bion, Michel Hazanavicius, The Artist
Slice into squares to serve.
Personally, I dig it. Make history. Rock on 'ma. Blow my mind. Just keep the paramedics handy because death is such a buzz kill.
With Facebook, they can go back and see how you are related, who you have in common, and even know all kinds of other neat information, like the spouses and children's names.
To make the long day short, through many phone calls with my mom and the missions trip, I came up with the 500 and had enough to go on the trip. It was supposed to be a joyous moment, but instead it was another burden within itself. I only had enough for the first trip and not the extended extra week trip, which I was signed up on to attend. This was going to be another extra $1104. They gave me another 2 weeks and said to see what happends. I was so confused. Half of me wanted to just be done but then I was like, this door for this extended trip is still open, I don’t know if I should go for it.
I had closed my eyes only for a moment before I realized I was clambering to my feet, shoving bulbs of Oneiroion into my mouth, Ember licking the juices of the fruit off her fingers. Cloak remained where he had been before, stoically holding watch, his shrouded face held towards the southern expanse we had come from, as if wary that something might have followed us.
Q: Among the books, films and fashions that you have enjoyed, what do you like?
Map loader
In this “Sunday Edition”:
I go to see Ramsay MacDonald for a moment and find him sitting in his room punching a hole in his sword-belt and looking very distinguished in a Trinity House uniform. I tell him how well he looks. 'Yes,' he answers, 'when I was a visitor to a lunatic asylum I always noticed how well the worst lunatics looked.'
We monitor the companies and remind them they have a responsibility to respect the marketing standards even where governments have not yet introduced laws. On 19 April, I attended the Nestlé shareholder meeting in Lausanne, Switzerland, to ask the company's board and the shareholders to respect the marketing standards and to bring its policies and practices into line. One of the concerns is that Nestlé promotes its formula with the claim it "protects" babies. In truth, babies who are fed on formula are more likely to become sick than breastfed babies and, in conditions of poverty, more likely to die. The clip below from the 2010 demonstration includes and explanation of the logos:
But that does not alter oppressive systems - not with women's ownership of channels either.
And look for that damn unicorn. Because I know it’s out there.
I will also try and continue to share the love of crafting here, but it will be for me and not for anyone else. I hope you will come back to visit when you can, if you can, and if you believe in prayer, will say a one or two or three (I'm not greedy - honest) for me and my family!
